welcome to the men of recaps. today, it's something totally different than my usual fantastic recaps of television and movies. today I'm playing through the original gen 1 pokemon blue. why? well, detective Pikachu is coming out this weekend, and there's nothing really to recap for that in terms of TV or movies. but it did get me in the mood to play original Gen 1 Pokemon because I loved it. blue, not red. I always play blue. my brother played red. that's why. anyway, before you start a new game, make sure you set your tech speed too fast, so that Professor Oak's little little speech here goes a lot, a lot quicker. I'm not trying to do a speed run. that's a real difficult thing to do. it's pretty cool the way they do it, but I'm not any good at that. what I'm doing call my best strategy run, because I'm pretty good at this game. played it a lot. my name, man of recaps doesn't fit, but my alter ego and Archon emesis recap man does. I was thought about starting that YouTube channel too, and just uploading my exact same recaps, and just sort of having two competing, identical channels. see which one takes off better? but my rival, I named him something every time. I named him bum fart. that's, I think, the best rival name. let me know and chat with you guys. always name your rival. everyone sort of got to go to some variation of bum farts or butt face, or something more profane. if you're into that, let me know. I'm interested to hear. in any case, our adventure awaits. here we go. so yes, a best optimal strategy run. and it all starts with mr. squirtle here. squirtle is, unfortunately, the only viable option to take. I'll explain why in a second. but first, we need to give this guy name bubbles, because that's what he's mostly gonna be doing, is using bubble on Brock. now, uh, Bulbasaur is one of my favorite pokemons. I was just to take him, but first its rival fight. now, you guys remember this battle because it's very slow and annoying. to try to tailwhip if you want, but it's actually a bad idea because he'll just growl you. a good thing is is that you're relatively likely to get a critical hit at some point, and that will speed things up greatly. critical hits ignore all the stat changing things like tell up and growl. there we go. defeated mr. bum fart, and we're moving right along. smell you later. that's what I'm gonna start using as my, my sign-off on YouTube. and in life I'll just be like, well, smell you later. anyway, let me talk now about, okay, it's a wild Pokemon. first of all, you're gonna notice that I run from every single wild encounter because, you know, I used to, back in the day, just fight all these, you know, when I was a kid, I like to try to get to level 10 before I even get my pokedex. I thought I was okay guy. I thought I was real cool. but it turns out that's useless and it's a waste of time. so, um, the reason we had to take squirtle is because of bubble. he learns it at level 8, which is very nice, and then he can easily destroy Brock Bulbasaur. also strong against rock pok\xc3\xa9mon. but he doesn't learn vine whip until a higher level, I think 12. and it's kind of annoying to get to level 12. it's hard to to beat the bug, you know, to level up on the bugs in the forest, because vine whip is weak against poison, at least. so cocoon azar are rough when they use harden. you can't tackle em to death because, well, I mean, eventually, but it's super slow. and you can't vine whip them to death because they're strong against it. so, yeah, so Bulbasaur is not a reasonable option. I will fast-forward through here as we get my pokedex and we're off. okay, fast-forward again as we get back to town. and we made it. I'm going to stop by the marked here. they don't sell a potions yet, but they do sell antidotes, and I want like five of those, because you're likely to get poison in both forest. now, you can go to the left here, up, yeah, up there, you can have a rival fight. but he's much stronger than my level six bubbles right now, cuz he did, in fact, wild Pokemon. and I used to go in here and try to catch a sparrow, cuz, uh, he knows peck, which is type flying, super effective against the bugs, unlike Pidgey, who knows gust, which is, for some reason, type normal, even though it sounds obviously like the flying-type move. anyway, it makes Pidgey useless. but also sparrows for the useless. because of the kikuna hardening. peck is a as an attack type move. so it actually won't kill cocoon --is that effectively it's better off to just bubble them. plus, I want the experience for my squirtle, so you can, you know, you can be Brock. so onto the forest. here we go. uh, I'm going straight off, straight through. they don't need any of the stuff over there. there's like, one pokeball. here's my first battle. he has ready for it. exciting times, but that sure wants to fight. now, basically, what I'm gonna do is tailwhip these guys once, and then just tackle them. so we can fast-forward through that. there it is. bubbles learned bubble. he's fulfilled his destiny as the bubbler um. so I can probably fast-forward through the rest of Rhydian forest here. basically, I just, you know, use bubble on bugs, and we're out of the forest. now, you catch Pikachu here, if they're pretty rare, but you can get them. I used to, sometimes I try get a Pikachu, because he's good at some of the piggies, you fight early, theoretically, but first of all, you have to stick them in front of you during the Brock fights so you can get enough experience. and even then, the piggies do quite a bit of damage at this level. Pikachu doesn't have a lot of health or defense, so they'll, they'll kill him more often than not, even though he's super effective against flying. so it's, I feel like it's not really worth it. alright. so in pewter City, only thing we have to do here is swing by the marked. I want to grab an extra potion or two for Brock, potentially, you know, I think I've got a couple, but you just never know. and now it's time for our first gym battle. I'm gonna do a save for safety. you'll see, it's all racing an older file. I actually played through this all the way to misty before I realized I am got to hit record. oh, that was a nice waste of my life. anyway, here we go. just checking my guy, bubbles, is ready to go. he knows bubble. now, this guy rocks. first trainer, mister like Buzz Lightyear here, light-years from facing Brock. he's actually difficult because he doesn't use rock Pokemon. he's got to ground Pokemon. he's kind of cheating the gym theme. and that means that bubble is only one level of super effective against him. the rocks are type Rock and ground. so it's bubble is doubly super effective. but you'll see how much damage it does. is just that much. and diglettz scratch actually, you know, it actually hurts a bit. so by the end of this Diglett fight, I'm gonna be down in orange HP. and then he's got a Sandshrew coming up, which will do the exact same thing. so I'll probably have to use a potion. luckily, it didn't go that way this time, and I didn't even need a potion. and I beat this guy no problem. suck it missed like year, light years. doesn't matter measure time. it measures distance. yeah, in that case, you are wrong, because Brock is about 10 feet away. so you're an idiot. take that. I know why I'm taunting these poor digital kids. all right, now, time for a Brock battle. Brock is um. well, here's the thing, if there are any artists out there, I would love a rendition of this, maybe a renaissance style oil painting. I'm picturing this, the giant onyx facing off against my derpy, little derpy little squirtle, who is just bubbling it, you know, just just basically foaming at the mouth, drooling on this guy and totally totally wrecking him. onyx is is writhing in pain as he's being bubbled, because these rocks just don't even stand a chance against me. alright, here it is. here's the rock. here's the onyx. let's see what its gonna do. yep. use bide. now this is a prime example of why bide is totally useless. move oh wow. man. if he unleashed energy, that could actually, that could actually kill me. but he's not going to. even if he got to go first, you always wait at least at least one turn of event extra energy. so, yeah, I'd to be pray first. Jim defeated first. bad received. we are well on our way here to pokemon league domination. he's gonna give me bide, and like I said, it's useless, so I'm going to immediately sell it. just swinging by the pokey Center, healing up real quick. oh my god. i double talked to her. that's what I get for pounding Eames it'll be okay. how many times have you guys done that? we've all done that a million times. by the way, if you hear my bird in the background, sorry, you know, he's chirping. I have a bird. yep, there he is, stopping by the Mart real quick. we want some actual pokeballs for the first time, because I will actually catch some pokemons in mouth moving. I'll just take five. that should cover me. even even if things go south, I'll take six. I just, you know, I just had a vision of running out of pokeballs and a couple more potions, because it's a long cave and a long ooh, $1. exactly. look at that. that one dollar in my pocket. we're good to go. now, these trainers can actually be pretty tough, because we're all still low level, and we do only have the tilt one Pokemon, so there's not a lot of safety net here. but I am confident. what I'm gonna do is skip this girl by walking on the top here. she is really annoying. she's got a couple of piggies, and piggies are, like I said, they're pretty strong at this point, and they know Santa tack. so I can end up in a pretty bad situation. so screw her. I don't need the damage. what I'm gonna do is fight this bug catcher and basically bubble into death. how many in I just I left five. now, it's a very good trainer, our favorite little mr. shorts guy. I like shorts. they're comfy and easy to wear. I agree, shorts guy, I agree. he's actually a tough fight. so I'll show it real quick. he's got a ratata ricotta's do a surprising amount of damage. you know, at this point in the game. look at this tackle. Oh, what is that? six damage, and I don't have, I don't have that many much health in general, especially he tail whips me. it's kind of nice because he's not doing me damage that turn. but if you tackle it, be quick attacks me here or something, he could actually hurt quite a bit. but luckily, he'll probably just tail with himself to death. yeah, there he goes. his next Pokemon though, is an even bigger annoyance, less of a less of a dying danger. luckily, I learned water gun level 15. that's the way I like it. but Ekans knows rap, and we'll see if he wraps me here. he's got a pretty good chance of just using leer or poison sting. but if he does wrap me, you remember in Gen 1, it totally mobilizes you for the the moves. so it just wastes a whole lot of time. I don't want to fight that girl, but I do want to fight this guy cuz I have to fight I have to fight him no matter what. luckily, he's just a bug trainer. so I'm going to just water down these guys a little bit. boom-boom-boom. water gun, nice and strong. now we're cooking with gas, as they say. oh, well, I skipped the evolution. that's what I get for holding down the speed button, the turbo button. but there it is. Wartortle, yeah, nice. it's not that exciting. you guys didn't miss much. and this last guy is also mandatory, so we'll fast forward through him. this girl has a Jigglypuff, and I do not want to fight it because it has these got pretty good defense and special defense, and it would probably put me to sleep. and it's just, you know, really annoying. I'm in no danger of dying, Durer, but it would be sad. and now we head into mount moon Mountain loons. great. I'm not going to the left cuz I can get water gun. TM, but I don't need that. my squirtle knows it's skipping her cause she's got a Clefairy who is just as annoying as Jigglypuff. fast forwarding through some stuff, skipping this section because there's nothing good down there, and I don't want to fight rockets. they're super annoying. I will fight this guy though, because he is guarding a rare candy. boom, right, candy. all right. now, fast-forward through some of mount moon. oh, hello. actually, I ran into a level-10 Jude. those are very rare on the top floor. but he's exactly what I want. so it's time to catch a Pokemon. you guys ready? do did annoy anyone to catch? because I can't use a water move on em, he'll just die. but tackle just doesn't hurt him very much. so I tail up a few times. and now let's, let's see if I can do some damage to you. you know, at this level, you actually don't need to hurt Pokemon that much. later in the game, catching him, you know, you need to get them all the way down to red, but I feel pretty good about just throwing one Adam. thrown one Adam. right now. where's my buggy balls? it's time for Geodude. this guy gonna carry us through a bunch of the game. and I will give him a nickname. you could call him rocky, for Rocky Balboa. and I'm gonna play on that, go with the actor and name our Geodude Stallone. so - Pokemon now bubbles in Stallone. normally I would, I wouldn't catch him till later, because he's, like I said, he's much more common on the lower levels. this girl, you need to make sure you ignore. she has, she has plants. and right now, yeah, we're no good again against plant Pokemon. she was like, maybe actually kill us. so, moving right along. down this ladder is the most important thing will pick up all game. I'm not gonna say the best move, because it's actually kind of awful. anyway, this is Tia Mohan, mr. mega punch. and mega punch is very nice because it's actually a strong move. it's very bad because it's a cure. see, is pretty low, unfortunately, but still pretty good. we're gonna teach mega punch to mr. Stallone. Rocky Balboa with the punching. at this point, I'm gonna give him a potion, and he is now. he is now a fully functioning member of our team. it's pretty exciting. I don't want to fight this guy because he's got like, zubats and Ekans is, and it's just, oh, the worst, rapping and supersonic eing us to death. so I'm gonna skip that and over. there is nothing like HP up or whatever. but this kid right here is about to get mega punched, mega punched in the face. the reason I like getting a Geodude is because normal Pokemon simply cannot hurt you. and turns out that's a lot of what you fight in the early stages of the game. here. this is these Rattata x'. unfortunately, are gonna do their worst, but they do not hurt at all. and mega punch, luckily, look at that. so, yeah, it's really sad when mega punch misses. but luckily, it's not that bad. now, let's do bat zu. bad is annoying because it knows supersonic, and I can take it out with two mega punches, but it may confuse me. and sometimes you get confused and you hurt yourself in your confusion, and then when you actually hit him, mega punch misses. confuse no more. oh, there it is, the mega punch miss. oh, hey, Zoop. normally it's not this bad, to be honest. normally I kill this guy in two turns. so you saw it right now. that was basically the worst Zubat fight could possibly go. but hopefully that explains why I try to avoid fighting as many of these rockets with zubats as possible. you do want to fight this guy here. he has some nice rock pok\xc3\xa9mon, which is just nice, nice food for bubbles. okay, go up here, pick up a balloon stone. I'm just for the lulz. you know, maybe, you, maybe you want to catch all that a hundred, fifty later, you'll want to up. all saloon stoners, like I said, in the speedrun, they actually use a new Turin male, I think it's called it. knitter and up. as a kid, knitter and up and knitter and down, because I didn't know what those symbols meant. this rocket, you guys may remember, he's a, he's a killer. for many of us. he's got eradicate that will hyper Fang most parties straight to death at this point. also good to know you want bubbles at the top your party throughout this cave, because Stallone is too slow. he cannot run from these zubats. you can catch a Zubat in here, especially if you find one. that's a pretty high level. look again in this last section, like there's 11. um, I'll tell you what. I'm gonna catch it. I'll tell you why. because eventually we're going to have to fight our rivals, Bulbasaur. and like I said, our team right now, Wartortle and Geodude, they're totally useless against Bulbasaur. he will, he will actually wreck us. so we need some sort of flying Pokemon, basically, is what you get. you've got two main options. Zubat here is good. he actually knows leech life in this version, which is bug type. and bug is super effective against grass and poison, which is Bulbasaur's two types. what I'm gonna name him is after another celebrity, bats Fleck, my favorite of the Batman's, maybe. I don't know. anyway, I'm not the reason I was hesitant, I'm not sure if I'm gonna end up using him, or if I'm just going to catch a sparrow later. I'm gonna do both, and I'm gonna see which one works better, maybe even show you guys both options. here we go. this is a mandatory rocket fight. he does have as a bat. let me do it. I'm gonna put bubbles out first. or who comes out first, zoo, better. Rattata. I'll put bubbles out first. I'll show you guys what it would be like, because you can, of course, totally ignore getting a Geodude. you could just keep plowing ahead with your Wartortle. you can teach him mega punch, so he's got a strong physical move and water guns. pretty good. yeah. so here's a Rattata. this is what it would look like if we don't use a Geodude. there's pros and cons. he's a bit faster, and he's already a higher level. but quick attack does, you know, that much damage? so it's still, it's not a whole lot when you're just fighting these, these are tattoos, and I guess you kill them in the same amount of hits. but especially later on, I like to have a Geodude start powered up, because it's nice having that strength against all normal and lots of other types basically you're just immortal. but say, we got to do bad. I want a water gun it and see what it looks like. yeah, so he's faster because he's a higher level. and, yeah, no SuperSonics here, so I guess, you know, it puts my Geodude to shame. maybe this is easier. I'll save Geodude for later. all right, go over here. go ahead and pick up another moonstone. always a nice time, I think, against this guy. I do want to put out Stallone. I do want him to get some experience. I'll be using them a lot on nugget bridge, where there's some hard fights. and it's nice if he can level up by then enough to know rock throw. all right, now, the most exciting part of the game. which fossil to take? Hilux, our dome. well, I love, from twitch, plays Pokemon. I love praise helix, but I've always been a dome guy, and we are out of mount moon. so there's a couple things here. this is actually important. you want a great ball. boom, hitting great ball. that's gonna be really useful in just a minute. here's an item that is not useful at all. TM, for that teaches whirlwind all that does is blow away wild Pokemon. so not a whole lot of use for that, but I'll sell it. hello. now, what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna stick around here and try to catch myself a a sparrow. what? a spear? oh, here it is. I wonder what level they are at. oh god, no, that's not, that's not helpful. did it come at different levels here? I'm gonna look it up real quick. pause, yeah, confirm. they can be up to level. they can be eight, ten or twelve here. oh, there it is. there's 10. you know, I'm not trying to sit around here and catch spiros all day, so I think that's have to be good enough. something to give him a nickname -. I'm gonna call him big pecker. perfect. it's gonna be great later when I trade him to that little girl for a adducts. and you can't change the nicknames of traded pokemons, so she's just gonna enjoy her big pecker. I'm an awful person. okay, so who's on my team now? I've maybe. we've got bubbles, the Wartortle, we got Stallone, Geodude, we got batfleck, and we got big pepper. big, big, big pecker. okay, that should be plenty good for us to take down our arrival here. I do want to swing in here though, real quick. just myself, a little, little rare candy action from this guy's backyard. yeah, first try. got the right tree. I know what I'm doing. I like 50% of the time. but because first thing we got a fight of his, let's do a save. first thing we got a fight of his is Pidgeotto. and Pidgeotto is very annoying. she can sand attack me into oblivion. but if Stallone is level 15, he knows 20 marchetti's, he knows rock throw. oh, if he's level 16, he knows rock throw. there it is. okay, normally I haven't fight those Zubat. so he's got one extra level. okay, and it's time for a rival thing. it's the first time he's like, we fought him? yeah, cuz we didn't find before. so there's the first time we fought him since, uh, Professor Oak's lab. Pidgeotto. here we go. so, yeah, she's actually pretty strong. she's level 18. she can't hurt Stallone very much. I'm gonna put this up here, but if we get in a sand attack. Rock throw, missing situation. this fight can be rough. best-case scenario, all rock throw missed. Oh God. rock throw. it's a great move, but it has one of the worst accuracies in the game. and it's there. it is. I hit one though, even with the sand attack. hopefully it's a one hitter. no, mega punch a slightly better accuracy than rock throw, I'm pretty sure. so I'm gonna switch to that. now, if you just have mega punch, it'll take like, at least four hits, I think. together. that's why I like having the rock throw. I'm just gonna sort of plow through this. yeah, if you get to Santa tact you can switch out and switch back in, or maybe just switch out and water gunner to finish it off. but there we go. no problem. here's Abra. now, I'm average, total free experience. I might actually give it to one of these so that they hopefully gain level. the sparrows gonna be more useful later. so, yeah, big, big peckers, big peckers. my guy here, yeah, he just teleports, by the way. that's why I was free. so goodbye, my friend. I didn't gain a level anyway. well, screw it. here's what I'm gonna do. I'm not gonna change Pokemon for eradicate or Rattata. he's still but then I'm just gonna switch myself out. you know, I hate switching pokemons mid-battle. you lose a turn. but Stallone is invincible against Rattata, so really not much lost. yeah. even a hyper Fang, which is actually very dangerous, doesn't hurt him very much. that's why I like having a Geodude have actually, how I still didn't gain level? well, screw it. time for my Bulbasaur, big pecker. do your worst. so, yeah, there's a huge level difference here. and he might growl me into oblivion, but I think that more likely he'll just use leech seed over and over again, which doesn't help them at all. and, yeah, I'm pretty these damaged, pretty decent damage. I'll take it. yeah, the, UM, oh, shoot. I wanted to show you, I wanted to save state and show you what happens when you use the zoo back. but I will just do it the old-fashioned way right now and switch in that Fleck. go. so, even though leech life is super effective against grass and poison, so you get that double effectiveness it's been growled now, but here's how much damage it does. well, okay, well, now it's been two growls, but you can see, based on how little this does, how little it did when it started. yeah, it's just, um, what's the word I'm looking for? it's very weak. move in later gens, they actually made it powered power eighty, I think, and made it, they learn it later. my SuperSonics failing. see, vine whip doesn't hurt him though. and that's the nice thing, because he's doubly resistant to it, being flying and poison. but anyway, so it's nice you can, if you want to use a zoo bat, you can confuse him, and that way, you know, it can be an actual faster battle if he's hurting himself more often. but it's kind of random. so between the two of these guys, they, they finished him off. there's big Pickers level up. well, I can't believe I named him that. so that's the first time I've named him that, actually. alright, rival defeated. goodbye, my friend. you guys play the new one yet on the switch? it's so funny how your rival is like, so nice to you. he's like, actually, kind of your your friend you know, whereas this guy, smell you later. such a dick. by the way, plug for my channel. if you're coming here, not knowing who I am, but just because you are interested in Pokemon. I make really fantastic recap videos of TV and movies. go check it out. I'm amazing. I have double checked, by the way, I am in fact recording this time. so we're good. now, it's nugget bridge. nugget bridge is kind of annoying. let me actually use big pecker here. get him a little bit more experience, because this guy is a bug trainer. yeah. you can see um having a sparrow with Peck. it's really good against these caterpie's and wheedle 'he's the other main reason I don't catch one earlier, just, you know, to have, just to start powering up, is because it's super rare. sparrows are super rare back in that first patch of grass where the, where the knitter uns live. so I figure it's better just to just to get one. now, you would only be about this level anyway, so you're not not missing much. all right. so nugget bridge, here's the first Pidgey. now, Rock throw makes me cry every time. sometimes you just don't even notice how bad its accuracy is because it just works pretty well. but sometimes, like this, you're in for a world of pain. luckily, he's not using sand attack on me. oh, my god, I missed again. it's okay, it's okay. - misses is not bad. I've had six misses in a row before, but this time I get it on my third. if you do get Santa tack, make sure you switch Pokemon for this this knitter in and then switch back in. luckily, luckily, no sand attacks this time. so I just get to crush just poor rabbit. this guy, pretty sure is rad tada and Ekans, just like shortskid was. maybe they're cousins. alright, so here's the Ekans. let's see how this goes. can this can be, you know, this can be super annoying. Stallone is actually slower then Ekans. so it'd be wraps. he gets to go first. I don't even get to hit on once. no, maybe I should change out - what's his dick? I'm going to, well, I'll wait till this rap ends. okay. if he wraps me twice in a row. so it's funny. the money thing is, if a trainer is smart. they can actually rap you to death if your speed is too slow. that's happened to me before in a at the grass gym. there we go. a nice mystery at this guy's should be faster than the Ekans, and we'll water got him to death. that's, honestly, that's the the better thing to do here. i don't know why i sentence. mom Zubat, uh. you know, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna keep bubbles, bubbles out. bubbles. you get to enjoy some time in the Sun, because, yeah, otherwise I'm just throwing rocks at him. I'm probably missing three times. I'm probably getting confused and then and then missing again. so let's just, let's just finish this off. no bubbles. you failed me. god, I hate nugget bridge. this kid is so annoying. no, this girl, she's got exactly the same Pokemon as her friend. and number position, number two. alright, quick tack. that's what I like to see. yeah. Rock throw, hit the first time. is it gonna land in her? obviously. I'm the man. good job. Sloane. yeah. love you. love, love, love, love. I can fast-forward through the rest of this cuz knitter in does not pose any sort of threat. and we're on to number five. this guy is a very interesting one, because he has a man key. yeah. what's up? so he's type fighting, which is actually strong against rock. but unfortunately for him, karate chop in Gen one is type normal, and it doesn't hurt me at all. there's so many problems with Gen 1. it's just like, how in the world is karate chop not type fighting? I always love that. this is a team rocket recruitment trick. you know, they give you a nugget, and then they say, hey, join in. it would be nice, say, eventually a remake of Pokemon, where you can say yes and join Team Rocket. you have the option to be evil. with any luck, I destroy this guy. now, I should have just put in, I should have just put in Wartortle. from this start. I hate Atkins. oh my god. I hate Zubat so much. this guy over here is also annoying. I'm pretty sure he's got a Rattata. then an Ekans. I mean, I haven't played it so many times and I've memorized everything. maybe I have. is that impressive? where should I be? a little bit embarrassed. it's impressive. okie, dokie. now, a very exciting part of the game, because we'll be catching the grass pokemon here. this is how we're gonna beat misty. you want to catch one of the grass pokemon that live here. in blue version, it is my boy, Bellsprout. and in red, it's oddish. either one works equally well. he's a Bellsprout, right away. level 12 - that's good. I think they can be up to level 14, but I don't care enough to wait. plus, I got a couple pokeballs. I'll be sitting around here for a while trying to catch an Abra, so if I find a higher level one, I'll just, I'll just catch that one too. what am I gonna name it? we're just gonna go with plan D we'll see. I might catch a little 14 anyway, and we'll have a chance to come up with a better one then. so during this section, I'll fast forward as I'm looking for an Abra. they're not actually that rare, so it normally doesn't take that long. this time is taking a little bit longer. oh, there's a level 14 Bellsprout. yeah. the extra levels are actually worth it, because you can only, you can only get it so much experience on the fights on the way to Bill's house. and you want it to learn enough sleep powder, which it doesn't learn until until, sort of right on the cusp of how high you can get it. let's see if we come up with a better nickname here. this time I'm just gonna name it salad. we'll see how that goes. anyway, more Abra hunting time. seriously. it normally doesn't take this long. hey, it's an Abra. what's up? what's up? my boy. a little late. I like a level 10 Abra. I love late. will do just fine. so, as you remember, caching average, they teleport away right away. and I used to try to do sneaky things, like I just put it get a Jigglypuff and put it to sleeper or whatnot. but sometimes it's just better to straight-up throw a Pokeball. and I have a great ball. in my experience, this has worked 100% of the time, but we'll find out. oh, my god. whoops. I saved my state. okay, see. I normally play this actually, straight up on my gameboy color. and when that's not an option, but luckily I'm on the computer here for you. oh, wait, a minute don't tell me that like, the RNG is is set, you know, but like, as soon as the battle starts, oh, I bet it is. okay, pokeball. sometimes the hat works just as well. Oh, God, the great ball always works. why did it not work this time? oh, okay, there we go. yeah, that's what I'm talking about. that was supposed to happen on the first time. if you, yeah, if you're playing on the gameboy, I mean, on an emulator, save your state. if you're playing on the Gameboy, just, you know, save uh, as, you know, in the grass. anyway, time for a nickname for Abra. now, I've got a good one for him. he Cadabra uses loves bending his spoons, which makes me think of, there is no spoon, which makes me think of my boy Keanu, who kind of looks like an abra. what do you think? you think? I think he does a little 10 APRA's is, again, it's preferable, but I don't care that much. it's fine. what I am gonna do now. oh, I don't, I don't have him into my party because I, I caught two of these fools, and I have a, well, I was gonna teleport, I was gonna teleport back to the pokey Center. it was gonna be really cool. instead, I'm gonna have to walk the walk of shame. oh, there's an abra. what do you think about this is a little 10. yeah, well, that's just how life goes sometimes. what I'm gonna do is throw my lone pokeball at it, and maybe I get it, and then, you know, maybe not. yellow, up now. okay, yellow. Wow. talk about the walk of shame. it was gonna be the teleport of swagger, but here we are. okay, so what I want to do is get my Keanu out of someone's PC. know, what we're gonna eventually do is leave him with day care, man. and if you haven't met level 10, sort of leaving him there and then going and going through the SSN and getting the Thunder badge is like the perfect amount to get him to 15. so then you can level them up to Kadabra at 16, and you learns confusion. but since he's only level 8, I feel like I'm just gonna give him some experience now. I think I'm gonna have a good, good opportunity here in a minute. this is a Tim 45 Thunder Wave. totally useless. but now it's a time to power up our salad to beat misty. anyway, that was real easy. um. so now it's this guy, but it's actually a matchup that he sends south first. I hate these hikers because you you put out your plant Pokemon, and you're like, yeah, I'm gonna take you down. and then it's match up, and you're like, what are you doing with a match up? but again, the match up is no problem for stallone, even though he's super effective, karate chopped up, normal. so it's gonna look like this. so for the Geodude makes you put in your your grass pokemon of choice. not that you have a choice, but depending on which version plan, you could bind alipin pretty easily. it's gonna be no problems. nice. nice. free. XP, I don't want to fight this kid because he's got some dumb stuff. but this kid right here, this guy, he's got a slowpoke. slow pokes really tough one for us right now cuz he's type water and psychic. so never mind. I'm like, I'm just gonna totally skip this guy. this girl, however, is a good one to kill. she's got normal stuff. this hiker is a another good place where you get some plant experience. now, this guy here, if you pull him out, you can walk past him and get seismic toss. seismic toss, I'm not sure. I sort of don't know if it's any good. I feel like it does exactly the amount of damage as your pokemons level so there might be some use for that. I'm just gonna hold Ondo for now. this guy, though, has a Pokemon that I can get some planet XP from. alright, so salads level 17. that's pretty good. he has another Sleep Powder yet, but I think she'll get there by the end of Misty's first trainers. this girl, I'm pretty sure, has plant Pokemon. so it's time for big pecker on to bill. you guys remember this? you separate him from his teleportation system, we can fast-forward through it, and he gives us the SS ticket. so moving right along now. now I get to do the swagger teleport. yeah. let's go. get me out of here. Keanu, heal up. before misty in. it's time for gym battle number two. as this our 52 minutes. yeah, I think it's. normally it only takes me about two hours to get here. whatever. uh. soap, water pokemon battle. first trainer here. I don't normally want to fast forward through gym trainer battles, but this one's very uneventful. and here's sleep powder. perfect. yeah, if you start with the lower level um Bellsprout, it's actually, you cannot quite make it here sometimes. but we're good poison powder. like I said, his useless wrath can be handy sometime. so we'll keep it. and growth is actually a key part of our strategy, as we'll see in a second. first things first, though, this next battle is kind of hilarious, because even though we're in a water gym, I'm just send out, send out my rock Pokemon. Geodude first. why is he? he's gone crazy. someone take the keyboard away from him. no, it's okay. see, she's gonna send out a Goldeen, which is a fish, but it doesn't actually know any water type moves at all. it knows Peck, which is Flying type. for some reason, I wish a new horn attack instead. that would make more sense. but no. so she put out your grass pokemon. and she's actually gonna, she's actually gonna do a lot of damage to it, especially if you get supersonic. I've died here before too or with my, with my grass pokemon. and it's just really sad. still. oh no. assuming he ever get Sun confused, can can make short work of her. there we go. Golding, done. putting salad back out front, doing a save state just for good measure. how is? how's my health? out of my salads health? I'm gonna heal up to full, because every little bit actually does matter. here, and it's misty time. Gym Leader number two, water pokemon. here's misty and her sexy black bikini. didn't use that one in the show, but that's okay. I like her tank top to star you. what I'm gonna do with Star you is put it to sleep. she's gonna use ex defense. see, that's good. sometimes she'll just straight up use tackle. and it can actually do a bit of damage. these, these starfish are strong. but while it's sleeping, I'm gonna use growth as many times as I possibly can, because star me is actually really strong. I think if you don't growth at all, first, star me will tackle you to death before you can bind limit to death. so it's not, it doesn't matter as much with your if you are on red version with an oddish, because every time you absorb, you get health back. so I think you just sort of absorb your way through it. but as long as star you're sleeping here, I want to growth. I don't have an exact number of growths in my head, basically, as long as it stays asleep. but also, I think that was plenty there. this was a nice long sleep. so I'm just gonna finish it off. you want to be able to get to a point where you kill it. sometimes you can kill it in in one hit the star me, which is nice. but you want to at least kill it in two hits. star me, and don't change Pokemon here. that's the thing, the growth will stick. your special will be raised as long as you are in battle. so she's gonna tackle. I don't see. yeah, look how strong it is. especially with the critical hit. ouch, you don't need to put it to sleep, because you're more likely to just fail. o us. when you get a critical hit, it undos. it's actually bad if you've increased your stats. it ignores all of the growths I just did. so that's kind of unfortunate. but I guess we'll both get critical hits. and luckily, Misty's very likely to use x defend anyway. so you have at least one extra turn of not dying. but this one should do pretty well. and there we go. star me. done. hey, salad. grow into level 19. good job, and I've defeated misty. time for another badge. I am well on my way now to being a hippo keymaster. she's going to give me bubble beam, which is much better than bide. at least. I'm not gonna ask her what it does, because I don't care. okay, I'm out of here. alright. so saving the game. just under two hours. again, not a speedrun, but trying to, trying to move through this pretty quickly. and that's pretty good. alright. so what's next? I've got some Pokemon here. let's heal them up before I go any farther. it's actually important to stop at the Mart. the reason I came here is for some antidotes, just a couple more since I'm loaded, because they don't actually still antidotes down in the in the next towns place. I also want a couple more pokeballs, cuz I'll have to catch some stuff eventually. and a couple more potions, just for the walk down there, cuz we'll be able to get super potions down there. but, you know, Yolo. okay. now we're going over to the house to get out of town. this rocket is actually a fight that there's there's no a real great option for he's got a drowsy and drowsy type psychic, obviously, confusion is strong against everything. but we'll get there in a second. first, I have to take care of his matchup. now, I'm actually going to do what I was talking about before. this is a good time to do it. I'm gonna put out key on, oh, yeah, there's The Drowsy. yeah, a little 17. huh? so Kyoto is here at level 8. I'll get some nice experience from this. normally, what I would do with this Drowsy is just mega punch it to death. if I missed too many times, confusion can actually kill Stallone. look how much damage it deals. yeah, it's legitimate. and mega punch. it's got decent defense to mega punch. will probably take at least two or three hits. but since I'm trying to get my average some points, I'm just gonna self destruct him, theoretically, to death. Wow, yeah. boom. yeah. so I'm talking about that's the best way to deal with him. Keanu gains 370 points. there he is, up to level ten. didn't miss a beat. boom. um. so I'm gonna get dig and that's nice too. that's a great move. that'll help me get through the electric. Jim, here's a quick note. I have to go heal now, because my Geo dudes dead. we are going to give our Abra over. - take care man. what's up? take care, man. now, the way this works, Pokemon get one experience point for every step you take while you are these here. I've done this, like I said, a hundred times ish, every time. you leave him there now at level 10. and when you go down do the SS and get the Thunder badge and come back, he will be exactly level 15, which is perfect because he, of all sticky dabber at level 16. and Kedavra learns confusion at 16. so if Abra gets to 16 and then you have him evolve at 17, Kadabra will never learn confusion, and he will be totally useless. if you end up in that situation, you can trade your Abra for a mr. mime. uh-huh? no, one's favorite thing to do. because mr. mime is pretty lame, but I have done it before, and he has successfully, you know, wrecked everything throughout the game, so it's no big deal. over here, I'm skipping mostly strainers cuz they're dumb. this one right here, a lot of people remember him. he's got the butter free. I am gonna fight him just cuz he's sorted in my way. he's can be touched. heard of a tough fight, because he's fly you know, again, confusion actually hurts. and he's liable to use sleep powder on you, and who knows what else. but I think I should be able to just crush him really easily. and I don't want to have to, don't want to have to avoid him every time. you know. see, here's a Sun stun Spore. as long as I'm not fully paralyzed, it's all good, because I can kill him in one hit. so there we go. could've been dangerous, but not for a poky mastermind like me. these guys over here, this girl's got a lot of piggies. we could basically still only makes quick work of them at this point, no longer much of a danger. and this guy here, he's got retinas, which also is no problem, even for a paralyzed Stallone. so we made it down to vermilion City. don't need a fishing rod, because I'm not gonna catch any Magikarp. thank Gyarados. you know, some people like to buy the fish and then give it to the train the day care man. and then, you know, I have a Gyarados pretty early. but I have no use for a Gyarados, to be honest. alright, let's buy some paralyzed heels so that never happens again, and some awakenings, just in case. there we go. this is a good time to have all that ice heals never ever get frozen. so, you know, now that I've said that, I'm just gonna buy some, screw it. I'm loaded. whatever. okay, so here's a bunch of super potions. let's buy 10 yellow. you want a lot for rock town? all in for everything. I forget how many pokeballs I have left. let's see, let's see, three pokeballs. I need to catch one. two things. just buy a couple more. okay, so we should be good. we already have a sparrow. otherwise you can go over to the grass here and catch one. but since we already have one, we're gonna go ahead and tray four ducks right away. how do you have sparrow on trade for Farfetch'd yep. alright. enjoy. big pecker, little girl. I'm just going to turbo mode through that because, yeah, Amy got a bench. that's what I like to see. oh, the sparrow is doing great. yeah. enjoy it. so Ducks is my favorite Pokemon, maybe? yeah. it's a duck. he knows Peck too, and he can learn cut and fly. in case that wasn't obvious, that's why we want the Ducks. the other big thing you got to do in a million City go to the pokey Mon League over here. talk to this guy so you can get your bike voucher. bike voucher obviously, very good, because walking is just so loose. let me check if I'm ready for the SSN, we've got our Stallone, we've got our our Wartortle bubbles, we've got salad, and we've got our new ducks, so we should be good. I'm gonna save alright. cruise ship. SSN, now, the thing is about it, I am going to totally ignore everyone. again, not a speedrun, but most of these guys are kind of useless. the battles are annoying to fight, except for this one. I've got to stop in here cuz I want that. tm8 in the corner. fight this guy real quick. Sloane will make short work of them. so tm8, bodyslam. it's a pretty good normal attack. a couple things with it. you can don't, don't talk to this girl by the way, up there. if you get too close to her, she'll attack you. okay, I do a few things that you can teach it to Stallone right now and avoid him having mega punch, which misses so often. but I feel like mega punch is good enough you could teach it to bubbles, because right now his only physical attack is tackle. I might need it later. I'm doing some things differently this time, I think. so I'm gonna hold on to it. I do want to teach these other teams. while I'm thinking about it. let's go for dig. I definitely want that on my Stallone II. and let's get, let's get our other seismic toss. no, I don't know where I want that either. but I want some bubble beam. maybe we'll give it two bubbles. he loves bubbles, so he loves bubble beam. I'm in fact, going to straight-up upgrade bubble with it. even though these are useless moves, but if there's no reason to have too many water moves, but this will be good. and that's a great move to go through Rock Tunnel, you know, that way you have plenty of water PP, for all the rock stuff. alright, down, quick stop in the kitchen to the trash cans and grabbing a great ball. I don't think I need this for anything, to be honest. there's, there's no Pokemon I really want to catch until I'll be able to buy great balls. but it doesn't matter. it's just for good luck. I don't need to go out there, though. so the reason I don't fight people in the SSN, you know, you've got all these sailors on the deck and stuff. you think it's a good place to power up your grass pokemons. but you'd be wrong, cuz most sailors have attempted cool which grass is useless against because it's type 2 poison. and most the rest these guys, they're just normal Pokemon. and what am I gonna? just plow ahead with Stallone more. he's a high enough level already. we'll be fine here though. is my rival fight. now, let's see how this goes. it should be good. but last time, the time I just played through this where I was not recording, Stallone, missed with rock throw eight times in a row, no joke. and that was before he even got sand attacked. so sometimes you get totally screwed, and sometimes you just hit on your first try. so let's see which. lets see which kind of run this one is. oh, there's one. alright. let's see if I can. then there's a sand attack. now it's gonna be even harder to hit. oh, but I did it second try, and I should one-shot. I'm good. oh, god. it was really frustrating, Raticate um, because I was saying, attacked. I want to, I want to change real quick. I just put out some bubbles. there we go. but I do want to change back to Stallone in Casey, Casey uses some hyper Fang. no reason, for no reason for bubbles to take the injury when eradicate. just not gonna put up much of a fight here against my G oh, dude. I'm gonna use my new dig cuz, why not? it's actually gonna be stronger than mega punch, because he is type ground so, of course, stab bonus. same type attack, bonus. if your Pokemon is the type of the move it's, it's stronger. it's like 50% stronger. now, Kadabra again. this is, oh no. man is not free experience because he does no confusion. now he's still got a 50% chance of just using teleport instead. I think what I'm gonna do is, yeah, just just go ahead with Salone. even if he hits me with confusion, I can definitely take one hit and then then kill him in one cuz his defense is so weak. boom. now it's time for Ivysaur. let's put out our new ducks in the only battle ducks will ever see. ducks will be in our party at the end of the Elite Four, but, but this will be the only time that he actually fights. so, yeah, I'm gonna get growls to death. and it's going to be, it's gonna be annoying, because now my PEC is pretty weak. but don't tackle me like that. in the end, I'm gonna win. I might even stand attack him here, because this tackle kind of hurts. ow, stop that. I'm a cute little duckie. uh. normally he'll just use leech seed five times in a row. and then, oh my god, how do you hit me? I sent ACK. well, this is, this is a lot more dangerous than it was supposed to be. this was supposed to be a nice, easy fight. okay, there we go. you cannot hit me anymore. and I'm not gonna bother leering him, cuz then I'll just growl me some more. so again, it's just just Peck. oh my god, how are you hitting me? they sand all up in your face. okay, one more hit. there we go. let's take a Guerra. anyway, good job, ducks. anyway, time for the SS Ann to leave. now, how many of you did cheated the game by having a traded pokemons from a friend that knew cut so you didn't have to do this. come back later in the game when, you know, surf and surfing over to that little patch of land, I definitely did searching from you, and I found a dump truck over there. my brother and I were so excited. we thought, oh my god, this is it. musing the dump truck. unfortunately, though, there is nothing in the dump truck. we even tried fishing in it and strengthing it, but no, it's just just there for no good reason. and Musa Musa not actually in the game. so anywhere you read that there is it's, it's a lie. well, it except for cheats or glitches or whatever. so we've got cut now. let's go ahead and use it right now. then we can deposit some things, actually, because now's a good a time as any. now it's time to fight the electric Jim ducks. use cut. and it's time for the hardest part of the entire game, the trash cans up. do you guys remember this? you've got to find the two switches in the in the trash cans, but they are likely to move. and it's totally random, as far as as far as I'm aware, so it might take a million years. now, first thing though, obviously, just beat all these guys here. I'll show you real quick how this Jim is gonna go. Pikachu's going to do anything it wants. Stallone's gonna dig a hole, and then one shot, one shot him. and that's basically how the rest of these fights all go. and fast-forward. there you go. I do make sure you bring these guys into the aisle, because you don't wanna have to walk past them. okay, it's trashcan. time you look in the trash. you guys probably remember. let me show you what the issue is. hey, there's a switch under the trash turn it on. first electric lock open. so the second electric lock is always next to it. but it could be this one, or it could be this one. and it's just, it's just, I feel like I'm always wrong house. only trash in here. so, yeah, the electric blocks were set. so if I was playing on my game, boy, that would be sad. but because I'm able to save state on the emulator, what? wait a minute. oh my god. did it really just give me the second switch in the same trashcan? maybe that's why I miss it all the time. maybe maybe it my mind is blown. I'm not going to argue though, because we're done with that help and it's time for the battle against lieutenant Serge um. I don't even need to heal. that's how confident I am. hey kid. what are you doing here? this guy talks about back in the war, how electric pokemon saved him. that would be an interesting mini movie, mini animated movie, about the great Pokemon war that happened, I guess, at some time in the past. but in any case, it's a bullet orb now, Voltorb is the only pokemon in here that can actually hurt me at all. let's see if he does it. he uses tackle. nope, he doesn't. he can use sonic boom, which will deal exactly 20 health regardless of defense. but in any case, he can only do it once before I kill him with dig so I'm not scared. all right, Pikachu time. this is a gonna be a pretty boring one. there's not much of an oil painting you could make for this one. it's, uh, I mean, it would be fun to have the whole series of all the gym fights. the last one was the sleeping star, you as as Bellsprout is just growing to an epic size. but this one, this one would be stallone, popping out of a hole and punching this Raichu in the face, I suppose. yep, he's not gonna do anything that could possibly hurt me, and he's gone, sorry. so that's gonna mark my third gym badge. all right, I am truly a poky master. and he gives me the best move yet. I for his tea. I'm the Thunderbolt. Thunderbolts fantastic. it's actually a move that I use at the end of the game for my final electric pokemon, because it is more accurate than thunder that's something a lot of, a lot of people don't really realize as they're casually playing. you know, they think thunders got to be the ultimate electric attack, and it is. it is a little bit stronger, but it turns out it's not that much stronger than Thunderbolt. Thunderbolt has a 15 PP and it has 100% accuracy, instead of thunder which has like 80, it's liable to miss when you need it most. so Thunderbolt always works well for me. now, before we walk back up, we have to go get flash. so we got to go through Diglett. oh god, I almost forgot the most important thing. I hope I don't end up taking too many steps here and accidentally over leveling my Abra. I've never seen that happen, and I've messed up a bunch. but what I want to do is buy repels. I want to buy 10 repels, because I'm gonna use them through all of Rock Tunnel. I don't want to be fighting random encounters as I go through there. and I also don't want to be fighting random encounters as I go through diglettz cave. um, I want to fight one though. if you'll notice, my pokedex is 9. that's right. if you catch the Zubat is 9. otherwise you're only at 8 here. maybe you caught a Clefairy or Jigglypuff. but basically, what I'm gonna do is catch one Diglett. I catch my first Diglett, and that will give me, bring me up to 10. and that's that's all you need to get flash. so let's see how this one goes. I can't use do you think I'll kill it with water gun? let's find out. I don't want to have to tackle it more than once. so I have faith that Diglett. oh, well, by biglan. hey, no, actually, I just want to kill him, get a level. what do you think? let's try this again. then you can catch a drowsy over in the grass to the right, and he can use him as your flasher, but he's relatively rare. you'd be running around for a bit. I'd rather just catch a Diglett now, since it's on my way and we're good to go in here. by the way, this is where this guy doesn't say anything, right? yeah. okay, totally useless. this kid over here is the one where you can trade your Abra for mr. mime. but, you know, we want to avoid that if at all possible, not just because mr. mime is creepy and weird, but because he doesn't learn psybeam. all right, to remember me, I'm Professor Oak's aid. got ten kinds of Pokemon supposed to give you an HM, five. and I have caught exactly ten. give me that flash. all right, let's go down here real quick. there's some things I'll pick up. so going back through diglettz cave. actually, I literally forget if I use dig does it take me back to the start of the cave, or does it take me back to the last Pokemon Center? let's find out. hey, I made it, man. I'm the best. I'm amazing. alright, so we're just going straight off. I bought lots of repels, right? 9 repels. I bought lots of super potions, right? 9. that should be fine. and I've got enough pokeballs. good, good, good, good, good. I don't want to swing by the Mart. I'm ready to just move on here. make sure you do have an empty slot here, otherwise you're gonna go say, give me my opera back and he's gonna say, oh, looks like your party's full. and it's like, dammit, man. you don't even have a PC in your room. so I can conveniently deposit an extra Pokemon. he makes you walk all the way back to town cuz he's a douche bag. all right, let's see. did I do this perfectly? oh, god, I suck. how did I mess this up? I must have walked like six steps less than normal. I'm gonna do two laps, and if this doesn't do it, wow, I'm just gonna do two more laps real quick. hey, that's what I'm talking about. see, I know, I know what I'm doing here. I'm the master. well, first things first, I'm going to go get my bicycle. alright, got the bike. very exciting time. and I can walk faster. where's my key? ah, no. get up in front. you remember, I left a couple of these guys live. we're gonna go kill him. that's why I really like to have the extra rare candy. that's why you fight the extra rocket with your Geodude. but in any case, this shouldn't be much of a problem. okay, well, round that up to 90 each to 200. that's halfway there, basically. and I'm gonna get there. I'm gonna get the last half on this slowpoke guy. alright, so I'm gonna do a whole thing where I self destruct, kill the slowpoke, and Keanu can have all the experience, and hopefully that's enough. oh yeah, baby. we're good. level 16. whoo yah. kion is evolving. yeah. Cadabra. all right, so this guy's gonna be carrying me through the entire midsection the game. there's confusion, and we're gonna go. Oh, get up, ducks, do your worst. so first girl, first girl here has some grass pokemon. and you know, it's good against type grass psychic. not actually, of course, but just another little snide rant about why psychic is good against poison at all. that doesn't make sense to me. and then the fact that every single grass pokemon in the game is types to poison, unless you count Paris is type 2 bug. I just use teleport. I'm just mocking it at this point. that's what I get for ranting while I'm trying to battle. okay, now, confusion. let's watch as Keanu does his thing. I don't think he can, oh, never mind. it gets a crit I was about to say, you can't one-shot these guys yet, but he's getting there. nice little Bellsprout. the nice thing about psychic - that makes him so strong is that he's extraordinarily fast. so he's gonna gonna go before all these guys. he might get wrapped here, but no, not even get out of a face. and there it is, he on his first battle. was a resounding success. this TM is actually teleport TM 30. so I don't need that, but I will come down here to fight this guy. you go find a guy with some bead rolls up there. I forgot what this guy is. I'm just not gonna bother. screw it. screw him and screw that guy. obviously. Caterpie, not typed poison, but I, you know, bug poke, you might not gonna put up much of a fight anyway. alright, now, here we are. it's time to catch our next Pokemon. you can find in this grass pretty commonly. it'll tour. hey. now, Voltorb is not great because it never actually learns thundershock, which is what you want your electric pokemon to know, because that has the high PP you know, that's got 30 times. and later on in the game we're going to be powering up our electric pokemon by fighting about a hundred swimmers in a row. and if all you have is is Thunderbolt with only 15 you're gonna have to fly back and the pokey Center, like a million times. so that's why Voltorb is not a good choice. but he is a good choice for right now, to flash my way up in Rock Tunnel. so I'm gonna name him flasher. well, I accidentally hit question mark, so I'll just go with it. I was gonna give him an exclamation point, but that's fine. he could have named him the flash, or Barry Allen, if you're into those types of things, but I I'm not. I actually don't watch that show. don't forget to actually pull him out of your box first. let me go ahead and use the HM on him right away. let's do a save before Rock Tunnel. now, Rock Tunnel, I do have to flash. actually. I'm not one of those crazies that can actually memorize all the steps. let me use my repel right away. otherwise I'm liable to run into some sort of Zubat this guy. here he is, the slope of a guy. but he first has cubone. they are. cube owns a nice pokemon that I never used because I've almost never caught one there. they're kind of rare to get. you didn't know what I mean. but anyway, he's, oh, wow. yes, that's what I get for not not fighting any of those guys. a little bit underleveled, but he's gonna catch up quick because plenty of rock dudes around here. and cubone still didn't pose much of a problem. there it is. there's one level already. all right, now the moment of truth. one of the hardest fights in the game, not this guy, but actually the next slowpoke is an even higher level. but let's see how Stallone doesn't. now, confusion hurts him a decent amount, but he's got a lot of HP. now, I'm pretty sure slowpoke does not know water gun, so he can't hurt me with much. and even Stallone being slow, he's faster than slowpoke. so that's why, that's why this is, uh, I can't one hit him, but whatever. as long as I don't miss with this mega punch, it should be fine. yeah, there we go. okay, that's the clear way to take down these slowpokes. I don't know why I said it was so hard, it's just, it's just hard because you don't really have any any great, like, super effective options, you know what I mean? okay, time to get on the bicycle and going down here. and this bastard is the next slowpoke guy. slowpokes a fantastic Pokemon because of his types. uh, what does this girl have? I don't know. so I'm going with Stallone upfront. oh, no, she's a planter. this should be an easy clean up for kion. oh yeah. you know, the interesting thing about having all grass pokemon be type 2 poison and having psychic be good against poison is that you literally don't need a fire pokemon for anything. this guy, in fact, has some fire pokemon. speaking of. in the meantime, just taking out some of the hikers here, it's no big deal. yo. this is what I hate more than anything else, when you have your, you have your water pokemon out because you're gonna fight some rocks. but he sends out a Machop first. speaking of matchups, that's one of the things you can catch in Rock Tunnel. but I don't find any real use for it. the I really don't need much XP for bubbles from here on out. he's not gonna do much. these are the last batch of rock pokemons we fight. and my Kadabra is gonna be doing most of the work from here on out. basically, it's gonna be that the Keanu and Stallone show. we could make a real-life live-action movie of my Pokemon rod starring Stallone and Keanu. that would be a dream come true. Oh God, I just, I just did learn bubblebeam. I wasn't paying attention. you know what? I don't even want bubblebeam. who needs it? I got water gun. sorry, bubbles, you don't know any bubble moves anymore. what's this girl? have a fake? I think she might actually have a fairy Jigglypuff. yeah, I'm right. I'm right on the money. hey, it's so cute. look at it again. I'm gonna kill it. I'm gonna punch its face. alright, we're almost done here. oh, my sad. bubbles no longer knowing bubble beam. it'll be a big point of drama in the movie, in the live-action movie, when Stallone and Kiana's uh old mentor, you know, he was here before any of them bubbles played by bubbles from the Trailer Park Boys. and he, he forgets how to bubble, it'll be great. ok. I'm gonna put my bird outside too, cuz he's tripping up a storm. okay, now he's a happy bird. chat. try to tell me who else can play press to these roles. we've got salad ducks. let's get let's get him. like I'm like a comedy actor, you know what I mean? flasher can have a bit part. you know, whoever you think would fit that. I, Oh, God, I like to skip this guy because he's a douchebag. I think he's got some slowpokes also. ok, we can probably fast-forward through the rest of these guys. I'm gonna put Yano out front. how kiddo and Stallone ever been in a movie together? someone Google that, someone who will then find out. I'm thinking, no. but there might be something I'm forgetting. and I'm pretty sure that's the end of Rock Tunnel. hey. okay, so we are now in lavender town. yeah. there's that lavender town music. um. anyway, enough of that. what I'm gonna do right now is, let's go do some PC management. I'm not gonna go into look into ghost tower yet. you go in there, you have to fight your rival here, I'm gonna go look at him. what are you doing up there? bum fart, I see you. I see you up there. bum part. so the problem with him right now is that he has a sneaky Gyarados at this point. um. and Gyarados is not a huge problem. he's double weak to electric because, for inexplicable reasons, he's typed to flying. but I don't have any electric pokemon yet. and so I actually don't have anything I can hurt him with. what I would do is send out Stallone, because Gyarados, at level level 20 should not know any watertight moves. he should know like maybe bite, basically, which I could, I could destroy him with. but his gear dose, because he's super special, knows hydro pump at level 20. so we'll get there, when we get there. when you get there. so in the the Pokemon new version, you have to, I think, you have to go up into Pokemon tower, to the top of it, before they let you go down. this one, I get to go over here first. I get to completely ignore it till I have the self scope. I think I have to fight one of these um and it'll be this guy. okay. the rest of these guys I don't particularly want to fight. they'll just have normal sized Pokemon, and they're kind of worthless. so get out of my face. see this guy there? that's got nothing? oh, well, you know what? I'll fight him. yellow. Oh God. oh wow. I regret everything in my life. let's just take this guy out real quick. okay, now we should be clear. I still can't go through the guard gate there. so it's time for another underground tunnel. you can ride your bikes down here. I feel like that's probably against the official rules, but luckily, no one else is down here to complain, so we could just blow through like the hooligan we are. so it's time for celadon City. yeah, life in the big city. let me go ahead hit the pokey sit to hear a lot of, a lot of important things we do in this city. let's see. first, I'm gonna go around the back. I'm gonna go ahead and climb up this place and get our Eevee. yeah. Eevee is gonna get used for, I think, evolving into Jolteon and beating that damn Gyarados that our arrival. has he has it here? any has it? later before I normally, normally I wouldn't get an electric pokemon until quite late in the game. I would, once I have surf and stuff, I would go over to that abandoned power plant and pick up one of the Magna mites. now, I can talk for a long time about why a Magnemite, but I'll tell you later. okay, now, venom. jeez. get one of each, of course, and you give it to the little girl who is so thirsty she's gonna drink all three of these back-to-back. Oh, Plus get an extra fresh water for the guard. okay. TM, 13 is, of course, ice beam, as she explains, one of the best moves in the game. that will be how we're taking down the Dragons. and this is, of course, T of 48 rockslide. so that's how much stronger and much better, much more accurate than rock throw. this one's not as useful. try attack. and I'm not going to teach any of those to anyone right now. you go over here. here's the Snorlax, of course. what's up, Snorlax, sleeping peacefully. let me go get fly though. as soon as humanly possible. so let's get this one going right away. I'll also teach rockslide to my guy. okay, so ducks, even though you're a small little duck, fly me around. yes. the flying map best part of the game. we're gonna just back sell it on here. so I probably could've walked here and the time it took me to figure out how to teach him fly. but we're good now. so game corner, I think you go fight Erica. you can go right through here and fight her. I'm going to wait because she's actually a bit strong for us. right now, we're gonna get Keanu a bunch of XP inside game corner, then in goes tower. I don't want any coins right now or ever, because gambling is terrible. slots are boring. take down the post of rocket real quick. we can use rockslide now. let me put these two right up at the top, because that's all I'm gonna use. they got a lot of Rattata is a thing. so I think mostly I'll have a sloan out first, and then I'll switch to Keanu. um, go find all these guys cuz their rockets and they need to die. you could skip the guys on this floor entirely, actually, if you don't feel like it. they're a waste of, they're a waste of time. I do know that this guy is gonna be the first time Keanu where they get to shine. in any case, he's gonna blow through everything. this guy has their super weak yeah, look at best. the lift is down this way. so I actually want to go down to the bottom first. oh, that's actually where you get double edged. so I'm gonna come down here, fight this guy in the face. what's up? snuck up on you. now, I pictured this scene, if someone were to illustrate me going through the rocket game corner. I imagine that I've got my Kadabra just like out of his pokeball, walking, walking along, like, in front of me, um, like, down the hallways, just looking absolutely terrifying. just like, slamming zubats and stuff against the wall. and, like, Rockets are like running. and that's how I would illustrate this one. um, okay, it's been, uh, it's been a while, uh, pretty surely this. and, okay, here we are. so you can see, this is why having a psychic pok\xc3\xa9mon is quite good. it's gonna be even more useful in ghost tower, where that's basically the best way to super effectively get through all the ghosts, especially because you're faster than the ghosts. ghosts are faster than most things. and so if you are just trying to like, plow through it with a, you know, your your Wartortle that will confuse you and put you to sleep, and annoying stuff like that. uh, this guy obviously one of the most missed items in the game. if you don't reach out to him, you don't get the lift key. but I'm smart, so there we go. uh, what am i doing? got the lift key. time to get out of here. um, you know what? actually, I guess I got, I need some room for items. I guess I'm going to evolve Eevee right now. I'm committing to this. but let's get some Eevee evolution. yeah, now's the time. oh, it's so cute. oh, my god. I forgot how cute Eevee was in boom. Jolteon. what's up mate. as good a time as any. I'll talk about why I never used Jolteon before because, well, he's level 25, which is a nice thing. see, in this run, I want to use Pokemon that you get at a high level. I'm not about to, you know, catch a level 10 something and then power it up for a while. but he doesn't know thumbs shocked. he doesn't actually learn thundershock until 32. so that's what makes, that's what makes all the Eevee evolutions kind of suck. say, you want flareon, you don't even have any fire TMS to teach him and for a long time. so you're sitting there just tackling people until you finally learn Ember at 32 or whatever. and at that point it's like, why do I even you? I don't even care about ember. but luckily, I dunno Thunderbolt, which is an incredible move. and, well, we're gonna commit to it. we're gonna do it though. Thunderbolt. it done. alright. so that cleared up some space. shoot, which way is the fast water? okay, do it. some fast forwarding through this part, little turbo mode spacebar action. and there we go. there's the lift. what's up these stairs here? I think it's just more, oh God. oh. I will fight this guy. whatever is over here is useless. have a potion. op, I'll buy a bunch of these later. so what's I'm having it now. I'm just gonna use it on Sloane. oh, my god. you're so healed. so, yeah, you can skip that room. and now the lifts all the way to the bottom is where we're going. these guys, obviously, are Jessie and James. Oh, Sam, true. that's what it was. definitely not where I want my psychic going. but bubbles can get some get in on this action. kind of wish that he knew, bubblebeam, I've made some hilarious mistakes in this run, for for me claiming that it's my perfect strategy run. but you know, the strategies there. it's just I wasn't paying full attention to what I was doing. there it is. there's the iron, there's the defense. and this will be a mini-boss battle. uh. you know, Giovanni theoretically uses ground-type pok\xc3\xa9mon, but in practice he uses normal-type pok\xc3\xa9mon and poison-type pok\xc3\xa9mon. so I'm just gonna kion about first. let's see what happens. hey, it's a Giovanni that's how he talks it. Sammy Giovanni, we actually does start with an Onix. well, luckily I have an onyx master in my lineup. you don't need no bubblebeam, guys. gonna be just fine. there it goes. there's water going down the drain. let's see what else this guy's got. it another Rhyhorn, actually. I guess bubbles. I guess this really is your battle his last pok\xc3\xa9mon is a kangaskhan, which is not type ground but at all. so I feel like it should be, kind of looks like it, but it's just a normal type, which makes it kind of annoying, because nothing is particularly good against it. pretty sure its rockslide time, maybe. yeah. um, bike being changed to dark type in the later version. this just makes me so, so sad, because all sudden it hurts still. oh, it hurts rock types at normal amount. and it's like, what? it's bite. it's not like shadow bite. it's just actually bite. you know what I'm saying? yeah, see, this guy's got pretty good defense. I can't like, actually hurt him that badly. luckily, he can hurt me, even even last family. oh, you know, what I've done in the past, I've actually bought the submission TM in celadon Mart. that's a fighting type of move, which is pretty cool. and you can teach it to Stallone, and then when you have a normal type like this, you can submit him. probably almost won hate them, because it's super effective. but it hits you with recoil for just like, I don't know, a bunch of damage. you really can't use it that often, but it actually would be good when being good for that fight. I should have done it anyway. there's Giovanni done. no problem. can you give me, I'm gonna give me the old-fashioned self scope here. yeah, babe. okay, so I've got all the Pokemon I want. I'll just keep them. let's actually put some of these teams away and the Silph scope I need. so we're good. now we've got a much clearer inventory. pretty sure that's all that's here for now, it's time to go over to lavender town. time to fly redux. yeah. pretty sure they sell full heels here today. they do not. yeah. okay, well, they do super repels. okay. I definitely want some of these for all the ghosts. now, like I was talking about before. if you do want to be catching all the pokemons, I do recommend you don't repel too early, and then you catch yourself a ghastly and/or a hot door hunter, because I it's a great one for catch your Pokemon. but in the meantime, we have a more pressing matter. it's our rival fight. is Jolteon ready to go. knows Thunderbolts, so it should make quick work out of that euro dose. but as always, our rival is going to start with a Pidgey type. oh god, I'm nervous. okay, let's do it. hey, I'm part um. yeah, a lot of people, you know, they'll use an electric pokemon, but I, I prefer my rock Pokemon on flying because they just cannot hurt me at all. I just love rock Pokemon. I guess maybe that's, maybe, that's my vision. I miss you. here's the Gyarados though. so normally what I would do against this is basically put out bubbles. and that point I would have taught him bodyslam perhaps, maybe give him double edged and just sort of slam my way through Gyarados. he can't really hurt bubbles too much. a salad, of course, because he's type 2 flying. he's kind of, he's normally effective. the water and the flying cancel each other out. so that's why he's not good. and Keanu can hurt him a little bit with confusion, but he can't one-shot him and slow and, of course, just gets hydro pumped, even though that's ridiculously unfair. so Jolteon is really our best option here. I'm excited to see how it goes. and the thing is, is that I think Jolteon will be good. I'll find enough thing. I'll look at it. he's still cute for mind. I'll be able to find enough water type Pokemon along the way that eventually he'll learn thundershock. and Hopi a similar level to the I'll be able to power them up the same way I would power up a maghemite later. so let's see how this goes. yeah, that's what I like to see, Jolteon chat. start start to give good nicknames for Jolteon. just kidding. this isn't, this isn't live recorded, but if maybe you'll have a better one than what I ever would I come up with. anyway, you just growlithe, I will change Pokemon. now, this is another example where I could use bubble. obviously, water good against fire, but I'd rather just used to loading in. what's up? it's my boy. yeah, he's good against fire too. so it's like, what is just the best type? rocks actually good against fire, not just rocky and ground are both good against it. so this, again, this is some kind of unfair Kadabra. see, we could have a Kadabra battle here, and I could use double-edged. I want to test it out. I want to see, I want to see what it looks like. because, um, otherwise, you just have someone punch him, and he's not strong enough yet, he's only level 20, that he won't be able to really beat me. but, uh, see. I want to see how how this goes. okay, yeah, that's not bad. he's a lower level and Kadabra is, uh, has much lower defense. Drowsy actually has pretty decent defense, but Kadabra, you, like, blow on him with a hard blow, and he's just, he's just down. so that worked pretty well. it'll be tougher later, once he's a very high level Alakazam, but I've got a plan for that too. so no big deal. anyway, Keanu gets to stick out for the Ivysaur because I said to poison now, look at me. yeah, yeah. okay, no longer an issue. ducks. ducks no longer needed here. is that gonna be psybeam? that would be very convenient for all these ghosts? nope, not yet. well, we'll get there. so there's the bum part, fight for the rival, fight, depending on what you've named him. and so remember I was just talking about how drowsy has better defense and sort of better attack any specialist, still really good enough that he can, he can crush people. so why don't I use a Drowsy instead of dealing with all the the problems of trying to catch an abra and then, you know, whatever. well, Drowsy is not fast enough to be faster than these ghosts. that's, uh, that's the main issue. I tried that once, and it was incredibly disappointing, because even though he could one-shot them, they would always get, like, one hit in first. they would put you to sleep. it confuse you. so that's why I'm these psychic pok\xc3\xa9mon on, these ghost Pokemon. you really want a nice, fast, psychic type. Keanu or mr. mime. I mean, you know, Kedavra or mr. miami, your options. and that's, yeah, see, this is gonna be, that's what this whole tower is gonna look like. and in fact, we'll probably fast forward for a bit. you know, while I'm fast forwarding that, I can talk about how it's kind of really unfair. I'm genuine, obviously that ghost is supposed to be a good counter to psychic. they're supposed to be super effective against it. but there's no ghost type moves except nightshade, which is a set amount of damage, and lick, which is extraordinarily weak. and because all the ghosts are type 2 poison, it de facto makes psychic super effective against ghosts. okay, so we basically made it through ghost tower, and now it's time for the marowak fight. nice. even though he's a ghost, he's still type she is still type ground. so it's gonna be bubbles. is gonna be bubbles his game here? no, no, it's a ghost, a marowak. marowak. so cool. Pokemon, but I never get to user because t-bones pretty rare. I think I'm just, like, almost never caught a cubone. it's like, how is that possible? okay, yeah, so bubblebeam would have been better, obviously. I'm just so, so embarrassed. but I think we'll still be fine. I doubt bone Club is gonna one-shot me. not will be okay, good job, bubbles. that's probably the last time I'll use you for a while. I don't think there's a lot of other grounder rock-type pok\xc3\xa9mon around. and defeated the ghost. oh yeah, I forgot. we got all these Rockets up here now that our mandatory fights. I'll give you a hint, though, they all have poison-type pok\xc3\xa9mon, except for maybe some right ATA's, which at this point I'm just gonna leave in Keano to kill because I don't feel like switching. by the way, that's another big, big reason that makes Kadabra better than then Drowsy, is that could ever learn psybeam. Drowsy does not Elim is a lot of useless stuff like pound and double smack or whatever, and head bite. okay, so that was last rocket. we right walked right by him. we rescue mr. Fuji. blah, blah, blah, refreshed in your spirits. make sure you have love for your Pokemon. and there's the pok\xc3\xa9 flute. okay, thank you, old man. oh, let's get out of here. first thing I'm gonna do, I'll swing by the store do a little inventory management. beep, beep, bop. bippity boppity boop. here we go. where did we land on? Joel Tian's name, the Shocker. what's up? welcome. welcome to the team. all right, so Who am I got right now? I've got shot the Shocker. is my Jolteon. there he goes. I'm not gonna use him much. the reason I don't get an electric pokemon normally this early is because you don't fight a lot of water pokemon for time, until you fight a million when you're swimming. and then on the elite floor, you need one. I got my bubbles still. he's hanging around. he's gonna be a surfer. salads still here, even though, even though she's not super useful, Stallone we see all the time. that's what he looks like from the front. he knows good stuff. and Keano here is been crushing it for us. yeah, look at how bad. the defense and attack is, that's the situation. but he beats everything. and let me just look at ducks - I didn't look at ducks. hey, my favorite ducks. what's up? all right, good recap. so let's do a heel. will do deposit the Silph scope now, Snorlax. Snorlax is a really nice pokemon like Snorlax would be a fantastic counter - Alakazam later. the only problem is there's no great way to level it up. you know, like, what's it strong against? you could be, I guess you could basically use it as a rock type. you can basically put it out against the normals and just have it be a strong attacker. getting to the next city, you obviously have two options. there's two Snorlax is. one is down through all the fisherman, which would be great if you have electric pokemon. normally I don't, so I go the other route, down cycling Road. it's all poison, and you can simply cadaver everything to death. if I go this way, I actually get to level up Jolteon a little bit earlier here. I think that's the way I'm gonna do it, because, you know who doesn't need anymore to be right now is Cadabra. so, yeah, this is totally new for me, actually. but I think I'm gonna do it this way. so I don't have thunder shop yet, which is a high PP move. instead of just got Thunderbolt, there's only 15, so basically, uh, basically 15 fish can die. we'll see how many are on the way to the Snorlax. but in any case, this is gonna be a good time for the Shocker here. yeah, you know, I never thought about using an Eevee evolution at this point, because I thought to myself, yeah, they don't learn their, their elemental moves until so high, like they're totally useless. but yeah, I forgot it that you could give thunderbolt to them, and then I think you'll actually, I could carry him through the end of the game. I love the Magnemite because it's nice and easy. you get him, it's already a strong level, and right at that point is when you want to surf down through all the swimmers. you get to just plow through and gain a bunch of levels up to that point, and you're basically ready for the Elite Four. but I think Jolteon will do basically the same thing. who's cooler? Jolteon or Magneton chat? what do you think? I mean, Jolteon is obviously super cute and super cool. I'm a big fan of Magneton, though. I think he's weird. he's a freaking weirdo, you know. and I'm into that sometimes. now, all the pokemons on cycling road. so, like I said, Kadabra doesn't need that experience at all. he's fine, and he's gonna get a lot more, theoretically. but what that's really good to save it for is if you want to power up a new psychic pok\xc3\xa9mon. now, what I would do, you could walk down this route with your Jolteon. when you get down to future city, you can get an execute who will evolve into executor, and you could teach him psychic. he doesn't learn it naturally, but geez, type psychic. and the reason he's good is because he's a good psychic blocker. he's actually got good attack and a defense. also, he's have just all-around amazing stats executors. and in fact, I think I will do that to show you guys, the power of the executor. so here's my Snorlax. now, I'm not trying to catch all the Pokemon in the game here, so today let's see if I can catch him. I won't try too hard. there's my beautiful recorder, solo. [Music]. you that's why he's probably grumpy. the old man gave, gave this kid a recorder, and he was like, hey, go annoy that. go annoy the Snorlax with it. uh, that's just, like, I don't know, hit this guy. problem with him. and he's actually hard to catch, you know, cuz he uses rest if you get him too low. and amnesia. yeah, special, the special greatly Rises. of course, special attack and defense are the same stat and Gen one here. so that's why he's so strong against other psychic types, actually, I'm right. and I'm just using him for the one hypno fight. I forget what level Hypnose are actually at. um, let's see if I can punch him here. yeah. but the great, you can actually, you catch it much easier when you have ultra balls. you can come back and hit the other one. because I think if I use a great ball here, he's just gonna not care at all. you really need him to be asleep and really low health, unless sometimes you just get lucky. what's up? there we go. Snorlax time. oh, look at this guy. love him. no, Snorlax is a perfect name. okay, alright. so that's a save right there. you can get the item finder, which I also don't want. and you need 30 Pokemon. I have 15. even really letting Professor Oak down is the situation. but I guess I'm just gonna plow through here. this guy, actually, I remember him. he actually has electric type. so, yeah, it's below. needs to go first. I talked about that I would be using a Magnemite instead of a Jolteon. at first I thought I was gonna end up using an electrode. I thought I would catch one of the ones, you know that you, um, you talked to there, the pokeballs that you could talk to and they attack, cuz those are high, this is like level 40 electrodes. and I figured out, look good. just grab one that's a high level already. but again, they do not know or learn thundershock. so when you're powering them up from there, you know, through a hundred swimmers on your way it's useless press. these guys are all gonna be, all, gonna be fishermen again. so I think, I think we're burn, burn, burn zone already. shocker. how many PP you got left? you got - you got three. how many bridge Pokemon she gonna have? I bet she's got three. oh, yeah, I'm the man. oh, it's not even bird Pokemon. well, I have no idea what I'm talking about. ignore me. I'm realizing that I forgot one very important thing, completely. forgot to fight Erica plant gym leader. that's okay, though. I think I'll get down to fuchsia city first, and I'll, I'll get the flight path, and then I'll come back and fight her real quick. see, now we're in vert, so there's a lot of bird trainers here for a while, and then some other various normal pok\xc3\xa9mon that are useless. see battles like this where I'm just fighting a bunch of low-level normal Pokemon, it's kind of a worthless thing here. you know. it's like Stallone doesn't need this extra XP right now, but I guess every little bit helps for later. and I gotta get through here anyway. should give a I should give this guy a name too. that's another actor. what do you think? who's an actor that would, let's see, maybe they're electric. maybe they would give the Shocker, Thunder compute. it could be a thunder reference. thunder Thunderbolt. Thunderbolt is like Lightning. McQueen was voiced by Owen Wilson, who looks almost exactly like Jolteon. look at what, uh, what's, what's the thing? Owen Wilson always says this famous for, wow. oh, wow. yeah. yeah. his name's gonna be, these names gonna be Owen Wilson, uh. but first I gotta get through here. you guys, just all of birds. you looks like a bunch of, looks like a bunch of bird keepers here. shocker, trying to learn Thunder shock. that is perfect timing, right there. I couldn't plan that better if I tried, because I just ran out of, just ran out of Thunderbolts. now, do not delete it. man of recaps. ok, we're good. we're good. yeah, there is your Thunderbolts. but now I got the under shock, so we are good to go. we are in business. this guy, what he doing? yeah, my bird Pokemon should be ready for battle. not against Owen Wilson. it's like he's got the blond hair too. he's yellow. it's kind of kind of long and wavy like that. oh, my god. I feel so good about this. and it's good for the cast of the live-action movie. we've got a couple great stars in here now, Stallone and Keanu. and now Owen Wilson joining in. he makes a nice addition to the team. alright, what am i doing? how do I get out of here? I'm so lost. okay, I'm done. I'm sorry. done fighting new people. I think I have to fight a few here. walk around. I'm screw you guys. Oh, who's this guy? oh my god. you're not even he doesn't even want to fight me then, why are you fighting me? bro? did you watch me just like coming down this path, just like I'm picturing it here? get my artist out here again, do a painting from this guy's point of view. this time he's standing over here with his little sparrow. and he just sees in the distance, like these epic thunder clouds like rolling in and just like dead fried birds just like exploded all over the place. and like, you can see, like, off in the distance that it's like this Jolteon, like at the center of the thunderstorm. and he's just like, this guy is just quivering in fear. that's how I would do this. I don't want to fight anyone, especially wild Pokemon. but luckily, I got around here a quick Oh God. well, he's another bird trainer. luckily, a lot of these guys have normal types and stuff. that's why I didn't want to bother with them. oh, don't Rio. don't Rio's a cool-looking Pokemon too. obviously, I never use one cuz why? I literally don't know if they can learn fly. you know, he's kind of an ostrich thing. those can't fly. can a dodrio fly? someone who's watched the heat soon as watched the animated series, do they ever address that? someone in chat? tell me, thanks and we're good. um, I literally do not know what is up here. it has been so long. what have you got for me? fifty kinds of Pokemon? get you an experience? oh, I have. I'm gonna tell them, yes, I'm gonna lie to them. uh-uh. only 15 kinds of Pokemon. well, Yolo. oh, look at those colors. we are in fuchsia city for now, for sure. oh my god, I can't even see anything. this is crazy. let me get up to the old Pokemon Center here so I can get the flight path. first things first, I'm pretty sure I want to go through the safari zone. that way I can get an execute, and I may as well get surf and strength. then we'll go back to sell it on. cutting through all these things is annoying as like, what? what if you want to go to the Safari zone, but you don't know cut? so that's safari zone. okay, this, I think this patch of grass is where you're most likely to find an execute. like on the screen, there's one right there. bippity, boppity, boop. now, I, I did a lot of research once I'm like, the best way to safari zone, you know, you can on, you can bait to make them less likely to run, but harder to catch. before you can rock, to make them easier to catch, but more likely to run. or you just ball. and it's like a random chance. the site that I read that was a very in-depth mathematical analysis said it's always best, almost, to just throw balls because, uh, you know, you just, you just gotta go with the RNG, and there it is, caught immediately. no problem. especially the rare Pokemon. if you get a kangaskhan or a tauros or something, if you throw one rock at that point, they're like something like 95 percent likely to run. so basically you just have to throw a ball and hope for the best. there's also two items you get here. I do know that I want this one here, team 37. that's egg bomb, which is a useless move, except for if you're gonna use an executor. hey, there's kinks gone. what's up, brah? so let's see if my strategy is correct. I'll just throw a ball. nope, not that time. and there she goes. yeah. so it's like, it didn't look like it was effective, but if I had thrown a rock, she would've ran immediately. and if I throw in a pokeball, I wouldn't have been able to catch it at all. so, I mean, if I throw a bait, so pokeballs really your only option here, which makes catching these rare Pokemon extraordinarily frustrating. if you are trying to fill out your pokedex Oh, Chauncey, time. what's up Chauncey? oh, my god, you're so cute. well, you know, let's see if math is our friend. math is not, right? let's see if math is our friend. you know, maybe with the Chauncey, maybe with the Chauncey. you do actually have to throw a rock first, else we got give me. so give me some rare Pokemon. give me a Taurus over here. okay, I needed one more item, because obviously this guy is gonna give me one right now. how many steps are I left? yeah, 142. so that's, that's the most efficient route here in the mood. and it is time to get hm3, which is surf. you know, I'm not sure. are you allowed to quit the safari zone earth when I dig out of here? let's try. yeah. well, Yolo, should he use my last 16 steps? maybe, kinda. maybe. count of tauros, but I don't care. so here we go. this is pretty exciting times. let's do some Pokemon team management. uh, salad, you are no longer needed. thank you for helping. bubbles. I'll need you duck something. okay, there's these guys are all good. give me execute. I'll remember. batfleck, give me execute. we'll need to pawn some of these items. this is where you get another go agent for I generally give strength to Stallone. first things first, we are going to lavender town. we got to change our nicknames on our guys here. let's get Jolteon going first. the Shocker, isn't it? that's a decent name. yeah, I know. we need. we're doing an all celebrity team here. that's, that's our theme. kind of by accident this time. Owen Wilson, how many? how many characters can I use here? I'm not gonna count them ahead of time. I'm just gonna start typing and be sad if they don't fit. yeah, Wilson. that's a better name than before, I think. so let's look at you. Owen Wilson. oh, wow. Wow. so Wilson. okay, uh. execute okay. let's see what you look like, cuz your eggs, then you become a tree. so what, Scott? what's got like an egg tree? okay, I have an idea. so eggs eat an egg. Z was the name of the main character in Kingsman, the Secret Service, who was played by Taron Egerton. so I could name him Taron Egerton. well, you know, the resemblance isn't as um, isn't as good as some of the others. but we're rounding out our cast for the live-action movie with some stellar actors. so I'm okay with it. overall. I'm happy with it. so sell it on time. all right. before I do anything else, I want to get over to saffron city here, get rid of that fresh water. we can also go get the psychic TM, which is what we need. it's kind of weird at this part of the game, you get a choice to do things in whatever order you want. but what I'm mostly here for right now is coming down here to mr. psychics house. what's up, mr. psychic? okay, so I can fly saffron city now, but I want to go sell it on time to beat the plan. Jim here's egg bomb. so egg bomb is a very strong normal type move. yeah, power 100, accuracy 75. and his psychic big times. you guys probably remember that psychic is extraordinarily strong psychic type move. only ten PP though. so that's the problem. but it'll be fine for our purposes. anyway, we got a lot of good stuff. now, one more stop real quick. before we go to Erica's gym. I want to go up into the store here. I want to get a leaf stone and evolve my execute right away if you want him to learn any moves. you know, that's the only reason you don't evolve someone with a stone, because they evolved form. often doesn't learn the moves, but execute doesn't learn anything good anyway. so you may as well just be an executor, you know I'm saying. all right. Taron Egerton, let's of all. hey, there you are. he's much better-looking in real life. Oh, Nelson, Stallone, bubbles ducks. Keanu and T egerton, all right, we got nice. you got a nice going on here. that means it's time to go take on Erica of the grass Jim, everyone's favorite Jim, cuz it's full of ladies. as this guy points out. this is interesting, because normally I would have done this already, just because she's, you know, Jim for but I forgot these girls all have grass pokemons. can tie one shot them with psychic. yeah. here's what I'll do. I'll kill ten of them. now, kill the rest with with Kadabra. you know, the really nice thing about executors is that later on, in a lot of the gyms, you'll be able to not have to switch him out. what I mean is, like kogas is poison, so you and and psychic-type, so he's gonna get us both. and Sabrina's gym, there's a lot of slowpokes, and this guy can learn mega drain, take care of the slowpokes and take care of the psychics and the ghosts with his own psychic attack such for good. and then at the ground gym, spoiler alert, Giovanni's gym, there's a lot of ground Pokemon, sure, but a lot of them are typed poison and not ground. he can mega drain or psychic them, depending on what you want to do. yes, this guy's, like I said, he's blowing through his psychics real quick, even though he's up to 12 now from that PP up. that's what they call viagra in a Pokemon land. haha. where's my drum? where's my snare drum? snare drum. so if you come here with just Kadabra, he'll just psybeam everything like absolutely no problem - and basically this is the way the rest of this goes. we just, we just psychic all these grass pokemon. I've thought it various times about getting a fire pokemon, you know, to actually actually help out here, except this gym. and then that's it. for the rest of the game. you don't fight any grass pokemon. you don't fight any any bug pokemon or ice bugs. one this is all, that's all that fire is good against. so basically, fire is, sadly not useful throughout most of this game. so yeah, as you can see, grass pokemon are also completely shafted in this game by being all typed poison. and here we are, ready, ready for the gym leader battle. Erica. she's a silly one. I'm picturing her like Luna Lovegood, you know, from Harry Potter. oh, man, a fully evolved form. what am I gonna do? it's too bad. Jia Yu is just going to crush her. let's see, what's the oil painting? Oh, what? I didn't want shot or, oh god, I'm really embarrassed. it's you definitely wanna come in with some heels here, because if they are able to paralyze you, they will act first, and they can rap you to death. and they will actually being poisoned. if you're ever coming through this gym with a different strategy, you're find yourself with a Pokemon that's slower than them. or never mind. it's just a good idea to get poisoned. that way you can not get paralyzed. you can only have one status effect at a time. now, Tangela, for a long time I thought was the only grass pokemon that was just type grass and not type 2 poison. but I think I was wrong. I think she is type 2.0. no, I was right. okay, so Tangela, if you want to use a grass pokemon tangle as the one to use, what am I am? I being bound right now. okay, oh, this is embarrassing, but it's gonna work out just fine. don't worry about it. heyy yeah, oil painting on this one. I don't know, maybe show me actually losing. maybe show how embarrassed I am with a poisoned and bound Kadabra going up against this Tangela. that would be that would be fair. that would be what I deserve for making outrageous, incorrect claims. or you could just show Cadabra literally ripping apart all these grass pokemon with his mind. and Erica just like screaming and crying while my guy laughs maniacally in the background. so there we go. I didn't one shot them all. but, um, you know, whatever is pretty good. and got another gym badge that's won't talk about. here's my mega dream. yeah, not not normally a whole lot of use for mega drain, but it is really good for executors. like I said, give them away to take care of slowpokes, slow bros. and it also gives them a way to take care of the rock pok\xc3\xa9mon really easily. how do I get out of this damn place? can I dig? yeah, okay, no. bust in here and and be destroy all their Pokemon, and then just have my, my gravel er break through the wall. let's fly up to the top of cycling road, and we're gonna go cycle. I'm gonna go cycle it up. here's the other Snorlax um. but because I already caught one, I'm just gonna make this guy sort of just kind of run away from him. bye. see you later. let's see what's up here. I'm so all, uh, basically fast-forward through a lot of this, because all of these pokemon are type fighting or poison. and so I'm gonna psychic my way through all of, all of the road. I think there's room for both for the psychic pok\xc3\xa9mon in my team. one of them would be better against the ghosts, and one of them will be better against other psychic types and against the fighting Pokemon guys. you can, you can focus on just one of the other and they'll get by fine, I think. but, yeah, I do remember the last time I completely abandoned my Kadabra, and I only used executor to just like, get him as high level as possible. and the ghosts in the Elite Four were still faster than him and would like confuse him. and I was really saddened by that. whoa. hey, I guess poison is super effective against grass. what is happening? I feel like an idiot. ferrous, these guys should not be as much problem. that wheezing was just a pretty high level. and I guess sludge is a decently powerful attack against against grass type. now, something interesting is that ground, of course, is good against poison also. so, but say you were using only executor, and you're in Coca's gym, and he sends out a, you know, high-level wheezing like that. that would actually be super effective against you. that's when you could use some gravel. err, and that's pretty much the end. I'll take this guy. now, these guys are all bird trainers. while I'm here, I figure I'll just soak up some more xp for, uh, for Owen Wilson. okay, there we go. now, back to the top of cycling Road. gonna go down the other way real quick. I need to start fighting all these guys, because I'm basically in the final stretch here, training for the Elite Four, is one way to think about it. this whole next section of the game is gonna get my psychic pok\xc3\xa9mon up to speed, then I get to take Owen Wilson up to speed, but then again, against the swimmers. then I get to get my water ice Pokemon up to speed against Blaine, and boom, then we're, then we're a victory Road, you know, after that road, I guess. so now it's up to saffron city. now it's time to take out silk. oh, let's get ourself all healed up and ready to go. there'll be a lot of items we're picking up, so we got to do some PC work now. I'm also going to before I do anything, else actually Google what floor this stuff is on. okay, maybe I'll edit that out and pretend that I just knew this from memory. but maybe it's better if I don't seem like I'm that much of a lunatic. if I see a scientist, I'm gonna put out, I'm gonna put out Sloan first, cuz if you see the scientist, they're likely to have bolt orbs and stuff, some Magnemite. now, these guys may or may not have any number of things, but first things first, let me come over here and get killed, get the card key. yeah, so on the fifth floor, cuz I don't want to miss anything, I'm basically gonna just go back, start from floor one, and now that I have the keycard, I'll just go in and make sure I open everything on every floor you hammered me. whoa, watch out there. guy, I'm a kid. well, I use a couple psychics. let me just take a quick nap. thanks. girl, it's my girlfriend. yes, I could do some fast forwarding, and I think this is earthquake. TM 26. yeah, for sure. oh, go ahead and teach it to my guy right now. there's a quick and boom. this is gonna be Stallone's move set finalized. any case, we're gonna go through the floors here, probably fast-forward through most of this. this can actually be the pretty boring part of the game, because at this point, you know, it's not like these guys pose any threat, but it's just, it takes so long to just plow through and and kill them all. maybe I won't bother raising them equally from this point. maybe I will just commit fully to to execute her. since I've decided to go that route, you know, it'll be a good part in the a good part of the live-action movie. Giotto is, um, you know, the mentor for this, this new up-and-comer, Taron Egerton. I think that we'll have him die for some extra drama. that way executors can have this, all this motivation, you know, all this rage that his mentor was was murdered. a case, I made it back to the ninth floor here, which is good. it means I've made it through the entire building her. okay, so a nice final rest with my girlfriend. that was a sex nap. in case anyone was, was was worried. we're not a kid anymore. we're an adult we've grown a beard. it's been like a long journey. so I'm taking these, um, these warps right here, because this is, in fact, the one that brings me exactly where I want to go. boom. okay, I only remember finding three rocket brothers. did we skip one? I probably fought them and just didn't even notice. uh. so we've got our team all set. we're all, uh, pretty even levels now, the ones I'm using at least. sorry, bubbles. let's look at him one last time. hey, bubbles, there you are. you're, uh, you've been helpful, and I'm gonna surf on you for a bit, so that'll be fun too. here's Owen Wilson. haven't done anything in a little while, but he's going to come very handy against this gear. anos. I'm actually so glad I've incorporated him into the run. it's, it's wonderful actually having someone really reliable to handle the gear dose. and he's just as high level as I would catch, I'd catch a Magnemite later. so we're good. here's Dux. you get to look at Dux. hey, you're contributing, you're contributing the most. yeah, I'm still doing good. there's my little, my little, uh, Cadabra. I think his time is almost done though. he's gonna, he's gonna be able to go into retirement soon. feel like, I feel like executor here. Taron Egerton can handle everything from here, even the ghosts in the Elite Four. the only problem actually, you want to watch out for his psychic. you need at least like, 12 psychics to get through the Elite Four. so you better make sure you bring neither, or have at least a couple PP ups on him. and there's my boy, Stallone. still doing good. still our carry. been with us since the beginning. I mean, he's still a man. okay, so he's gonna go out first, actually, to take care of, take care of Pidgeot. you could of course, send your, you know, your electric pokemon against Pidgeot, but i feel like, mmm, do-do-do-do-do. yeah. i love this music. um, yeah. I feel like the rock pokemons good against Pitt yet, cuz he can't hurt me at all. let's see how the rival fight goes. oh yeah. keeping up with me in levels. but how do you like this rock slide? who you? still no sand attack. smart. unfortunately, my rock slide is a lot more accurate than rock throw was, so it's not gonna be a problem. goodbye. let's see if I can one shot every single pokemon on his team. what do you think? you think I can do it? here's the Gyarados. that's Alan Wilson's turn. carrados is always dangerous. I feel like he already knows hyper beam. so luckily, I've got PI speed, and this is gonna be doubly super effective. so shouldn't be a problem. there's the one shot. okay, two for two. if there's going to be a one that I don't it's probably who growlithe. that's an interesting one. so my water pokemon is just this guy. of course, it looks like Stallone's going back out again though. um, because rock and ground are super effective against fire. which one ash I use? I'll use earthquake this time. yeah, I'm a but I don't think embers gonna hurt me very much. sorry, but you did burn me though, so that's something. alright. three, four, three. here's Alakazam. so this will be the problem. I really, I'm really curious to see how Stallone does. so I'm gonna go ahead and do a, do a save state there and and not switch pokemons. I want to see what happens here if I just try to earthquake this out. exam, he's gonna sigh be me. how much is it gonna hurt? it's gonna hurt that much. and I'm confused. and Bernie, let's see. okay, well, I don't think I'm gonna have a chance to see if I could have one shot him, so we're going to go back with our original plan. so that's why, that's why Sloan's just not super helpful. again, studies psychic types, you know that his special defense is just too weak. all right. prove your worth, executor. he's now in Alakazam, which makes him pretty strong. you will get to go first. but I think that I am a brick wall. yeah, brick wall. how much does egg bomb actually heard him? no, I don't think I'll be able to one shot him. oh, so close. why? why? oh, no, egg bombs disabled right after I picked it. come on, what do I kill me? they kill him a second. could I kill him with mega drain? I really need another another move from this guy. let's see, another normal move. I'll go. got something good. any case, that takes care of the problem, no problem. and he's my Venus or, uh, let's see. should I kill him with Taron Egerton? now, this will be, this will be one of cadabra's last two Roz. although actually, I wonder if psybeam is strong enough to kill him. Venus or does have good stats? let's find out. oh, man. okay. well, I wasn't even close. yeah, I see. that's another reason why I executor is even better. he's, you know, not very effective against that either. so maybe we'll say that, you know, it'll be better if my rival actually kills Keanu. this is where Keanu will die in the live-action movie. well, we'll fudge, we'll fudge the details a bit. and then, and then I Secutor can have a my boy, Taryn can have a real dramatic moment. he'll be like, no Keanu. and then he'll have motivation to go on and and revenge him. avenging their Avengers. all right, get out of here, bum fart. I don't need you. now. do I want to get this lap Rast? I may as well see this is a problem. another thing I always see on the top lists of best Pokemon, I always see lap brass and lap brass has fantastic stats, obviously. but the thing is, you get him here, this is the only lap price you can get in the game, and you get him a little 15, it's like, what? what am i, what am I supposed to do with that? I'm supposed to just like, put him out in front and just like manually level him up for for a million years. and it's tau. okay, well, it's Giovanni. I thought, who's gonna have a chance to walk a little closer first and set who I want to be out front, but we'll be fine. all right. you have only what you got. bring it on. I bet you got a bunch of rock ground-type pok\xc3\xa9mon and then some some little knee Torinos. yeah. well, Stallone. normally I would, well, okay, I'm actually gonna switch. I was gonna have my executor take your entire team. that's what's really nice about executor, is that he can mega drain the rock types. I can get poisoned. obviously, it's super effective against him. so that's weak. but he can kill this guy no problem. so let's take him out. goodbye. if I one-shot all of them I'll never get hurt by poison. and Stallone is my first level 40. well, enjoy that. Congrats. okay. anyway. oh, Kangaskhan. well, nevermind. I forgot about Kangaskhan still. oh, and get out there. I know you're burned, but you're made of rock. you'll be fine. oh, yeah. see, this is where I'm gonna use a submission. I think I can one-shot him. let's find out, cuz it's time fighting. Oh, [Music]. I what? why? why are you not hurt more? maybe submission is a weak move and, and maybe it's cuz I don't know the stab bonus, cuz I'm not type fighting. maybe Kangas cons defense is just really, really good. oh, my god. how good is Kangas cons defense? let me go Google real quick. yeah, no, it's just, his, just defense is really good. I didn't think it was gonna be that good, but I guess it is. so I want to send out a special person to use some special attacks on him. it's gonna be this, gonna be this guy. luckily, he's gonna be dumb, and he can't really hurt me, so he's just slowing me down. I'll get hit by some poison again. okay, whatever. a psychic, I think, is gonna be the winner here. I don't know if I can one-shot him either, but hopefully this deals a lot more damage than okay, yeah, that's so disregard what I did before and probably teaching submission at all to grav lair, because that's the way to go. okay, so, yes, hey, let the executor solo his whole team here. that's back to the original plan, cuz now I could just mega drain myself all that missing health. I think I'll get it back no problem. even though mega drains a relatively weak move just against these rock and ground double types, it's just, you know, too effective. nice little level up for me here. moving right along. here's the noodle Queen. oh boy. look at that little Queen. pretty cool. pretty cool. Pokemon. what you don't want to do is use Nitto King ended Oh, Queen. I mean, unless you're trying to copy Giovanni, but they're just, you know, they're decently strong, especially at the beginning of the game, if you wanted to go that route, but they're, yeah, they're not really worth that. their types are bad. and what are you gonna do? goodbye. so there's Giovanni. he lost again. I've destroyed Team Rocket. talk to the president here. you got to get this. I get this little master ball. so that's sylco done. now we get to go down and fight Koga. first time we go over here, I'm gonna hit the Mart. I'm not gonna you hit the Martin fuchsia City, because it's actually really far away from pokecenter. now it's time to fly. so as we learned on bicycle rode our executor tip grass is actually weak against poison. so I don't really want to be putting this guy against his strongest stuff. any any one of these guys might have a drowsy or cadabra's, but let me fight this guy first cuz he's useless. let's see you beat my special techniques. it's like you guys don't have that many techniques. basically jugglers. they just swap out their pokemons, which does nothing helpful. it just wastes a turn of theirs. so since this guy does have drowsies, we're putting out our, putting out our drowsy killer here. oh, so close to a one-hit ko. that would have been, that would have been excellent. Oh, confusion and poison. why? just let me hit you with an egg bomb. I'm gonna be so pissed if I'm confused, but then I hit, but then I miss. here we go. oh, it's happened. I knew it was gonna happen. I hate low accuracy moves. so, yeah, there it is. that should have been a much faster fight, but, you know, sometimes everything just goes wrong. now, here's the real fight against our tough cookie over here, the cheating with the level 38 hip. no, let's we can take them out though. we've got, we've got a power it up executors. now, he knows egg bomb, which will not miss this time. all I gotta do is just hit him with it twice real quick, and he can't hurt me. so it's no problemo. [Music], boom. take that with the egg bomb. oh, oh, that's just above 50%, isn't it? that's alright. I'll just get a critical hit here. two hits. no problemo. oh, my god, it's okay. look how much head butt does see head but just like one shot, it uh Cadabra. but this. oh, come on, you're missing with mega drain. okay. anyway, taken care of, no problem. yeah. it's kind of ridiculously unfair that the poisoned gym just like, uses mostly psychic pok\xc3\xa9mon. I've said this before, I'll say it again, I really wish that poison wasn't just a better type. I wish it was like, good against something, you know. so, yeah, my plan is, I'm just gonna have a executor out front, one shot all these drowsies and stuff, and then if he puts out some sort of actual poison Pokemon, I'll switch in with Cadabra. you know what? actually, let me just show you something here. say you weren't, you didn't want to use executor, say you wanted to keep your psychic to teach hunter, cuz you're doing a catch them all, you know, or you just didn't feel like it, this is how these battles would be going. [Music], so decent, he'll ever be recovering. but we'll be taking them out, although it's hard against the drowsies. is this kind of gonna put out one more drowsy? yeah. okay. let me just show you, just, just, we're doing some tests here, seeing how these things go. drowsies have much higher defense than cadaver does. but, okay, it looks like we'll still basically to shot him, and they can't really hurt me too much. only that one high level hip, no, you know, is, except, I'm confused now, only that one high level hip, know, is sort of has a strong enough attack to to just destroy Keanu. otherwise this should work. mm, and it should be noted, you can straight up skip that guy in that first hip. no guy. yeah, look, you can. you can, if you walk down at the bottom of the screen. he's not gonna follow you all the way down here, so you can just, you can just walk around him. I didn't do that for pride. if you want to simplify your life, you really don't need an executor. it's not mandatory. but I think he's just a lot better for killing all these guys. Plus, Sabrina will have some good psychic types to that you'll have to fight through. so, alright, here we are. it's Koga time. actually, no one has used a single true poison Pokemon. everyone's only, I've only fought our box and Sanj slashes and drowsies and cadabra's, so that's kind of funny. but this guy, I'm pretty sure doesn't have any of those psychic pok\xc3\xa9mon I'm pretty sure he just has the true-true poison types. so I'll take him out with my yacht just for good measure. destroys the narrative of the live-action movie though, I guess, if I key on his back to life. but we don't care much about that, do we? okay, let me put psychic down there and double-edged over there. I just like to have my things organized. it makes me happy. one down, I wonder why even had that copying on his team. just like this, uninvolved, low-level coughing. it's like maybe he was just trying to get him some more experience. he's trying to get a second wheezing. okay, there we go. there's a one shot on the muck. muck is actually a pokemon that I like a lot. I think he's really cool, a nice blob monster. but obviously not great against much, unfortunately. another low level, uninvolved coughing. I don't know why you bothered again, but whatever. yeah. and then this is his big wheezing. so this thing, I think, could actually hurt execute, or you would actually sludge, but I don't think he's gonna put up much of a fight against you on him. oh, look, how strong is? he actually survived only to use toxic, a move that requires a long, a prolonged, slow battle to be any any good. I think I'll just finish him off here. well, goodbye. another gym leader defeated. I got it. talk to the guys. thought was a cool move. you know, every turn it's a stronger poison. and so, like I said, if you have a prolonged battle going on, um, it can start doing some serious damage. I might teach it to two executors just for fun. I don't really have a fourth move I need him to know. now, we're just gonna go, beat, beat. Sabrina, this is time for the fighting Jim. first, though, I don't want to get ahead of myself. I feel like I'm just gonna keep powering up executors at this point, and Keanu will sort of fall by the wayside. sorry. could be a bruh. so the fighting dojo is always a fun place because they're completely useless. they're not gonna do anything against my, my psychic types. and by the way, if you are trying to catch them all. you've got yourself a nice little hunter for caching purposes. this is definitely a great place to get him a bunch of XP, teach him psychic. he can learn it, or you can always do hypnosis and Dream Eater. you can go get Dream Eater TM from that one guy. the only thing is is that it, you know, then requires two turns, so you can't one-shot these guys. you got a two shot them. but the nice thing is, none of them can actually hit you with anything. you know, you're sort of as a ghost, you're immune to punches. so there's the fighting dojo down. I hate these teleporters. I played this game, like I said, a million times, but I'm never, I'm never actually sure how these work. so I read back in the day that you just want to always go to the one above or below the one you came out of, and that'll take you through all the trainers and then straight to Sabrina. but I feel like I get lost every time. whatever. here's it for my first psychic. I think he's gonna hit me immediately with the slowpokes, even though I'm gonna be super effective here. it's a weak enough move, and they have good enough special defense. I don't know if I actually one shot him, but I do. yeah, suck it, slowpoke. took me this whole game, but I finally have a good way to deal with you. so, yeah, here's my first ghost Pokemon. and I think this is gonna go pretty easy. yeah, yeah. goodbye. goodbye ghosts. Oh, God. which one do I come from? I came from the top one. well, you got, what do you got, bro? you want to mess him from the tan, from the top this time? oh, well, maybe Sabrina. you know what I always say, screw it. don't really want to kill all these other guys anyway. um, so Egerton was probably my guy. let's do it. Sabrina. when I was a kid, I always had a crush on Sabrina out of all the gym leaders. but I forget what she looks like. oh, yeah, she's got the whip, you know. but why does she have a whip? she whipping her psychic pok\xc3\xa9mon. I feel like, why? oh, whatever. I'm not gonna think about it too hard. I'm just gonna, let's just, let's just keep going here. yeah, all right, mom time. all right. let's see if she can hurt me, not really, but my special fell so one thing, one thing at a time. yeah. okay, so I love this. the cadavers go down easy because they are defences. solo, mr. mime, I I suspect it'll be a similar thing here, where it survives. it's just like a little bit of Health. it's gonna double slap me, which is clearly not gonna do any damage, but it will waste a lot of time. so that was one miss. okay, one egg bomb missed so far. let's see how it goes on the rest. yeah, mr. mime, just slap it away. it's kind of sad that these, you know, that's a good move when you're your level. you're a level 12. Clefairy, I'll finish him off with mega drain, I guess. since I didn't have to fight, there's many slowpokes, as I, as I thought I would, this guy's, uh, executors here. definitely my highest level. now, I think venomoth. I forgot she had a betta moth. there he is. I was talking about him earlier. pretty cute. yeah, he said he's type two poison. so that's why, that's why venomoth is no problemo. okay, and the Alakazam. what are you gonna do? we're gonna recover. good choice. oh, that's the second miss. two misses. two out of ten so far. okay, now, actually, this could be an issue if I don't deal enough so he can recover through it. but got a nice critical so I'll just, I'll just take that. I'll just take the win. I'm shocked. the loss is lost. yeah, that's right. Sabrina, give me the marsh badge. I never knew why this was called the marsh badge either. and Koga had the Seoul badge. I always thought they should have switched, you know, cuz poison things live in the marsh. and, you know, psychic stuff sort of has a strong mind or soul. psywave, man, how many of you, as a kid tell your best psychic pok\xc3\xa9mon psywave, in fact, replacing psychic. you thought you were gonna, it was gonna be better, only to find out that it was absolutely terrible. okay, now I'm lost forever. now I am lost forever. I came from over here, right again. I definitely fought this girl. so this should take me here. and this was the very beginning. okay, whoo. so Sabrina's done. oh, I know exactly what I want. I'm gonna have to be swimming through the water. and, you know, it lives in the water about a million tentacles. just goodbye, 15. but in any case, it's time to go. I've got my electric pokemon ready. I do want to, in fact, though, all of these routes, because I want them to soak up as much XP as possible. this is basically the only XP Jolteon is gonna get for the rest of the game here, until until they leave for so this is, this is gonna be a nice, nice part where I just fight about a thousand swimmers. ok, so before I get in the water here, when you use a max repel, it's like putting on sunscreen, you know? it's like, don't want to get stung by the jellyfish. and the first surf of the game, bubbles, it's been a while since we've seen you. there you are, being, um, super, super helpful, man. thanks for sticking around. I wonder who will get to play bubbles, picturing Zach Galifianakis. so, yeah, unfortunately, this part of the game is very mindless. you just go through and pound thundershock. you can't see why using a Voltorb with only thunderbolt wouldn't work very well. you would have to fly back and and heal up your pee-pee, just constantly, every, every three bites. by the time we're done with this, our Jolteon will be our highest level Pokemon, I presume. but that's, like I said, that's good, because he needs to be ready for lorelei of the Elite Four. ok, made it to the seafoam Islands. here we go. it's a beautiful spot full of lots of water Pokemon. but like I said, not really catching them this time, so we get to just ignore it. let's see. I gotta come from this side now. yes. time to, it's time to go back to Pallet Town. you guys ready? continuing on with the same idea. just we're going down to the island this way. now, what am I doing here? so I'm riding on the back of Wartortle, who's really not that big. and I imagine Jolteon is there too. so we're sort of crafted on top of this this Wartortle, as Jolteon destroys all these, all these poor fishermen and swimmers paint it the artists. thank you, artists. I really appreciate everything that you've done. you guys are amazing. anyway, made it here the tattoo, Cinnabar Island. we're not done swimming yet, though. we got this last stretch going from here over to sea foam from the other side. so let's go ahead and and heal up, and we'll finish that off real quick. oh, my goodness, guys. I think we did it. I think we made it to the end. is there one more straggler over here? one more straggler? alright, bro, time to throw down. she's not even wearing a bathing suit. she's just kind of like swimming in her clothes, whatever. she's here to Train. alright. she's not here to swim, just like me. keoki, that's it, guys. Congrats. we're done with the Jolteon killing swimmers situation. so that was actually pretty boring for me. you guys got to watch it in, in fast-forward. but I just, you know, you just pound the a button. it's fine. first thing we're gonna do is actually time to drop mr. bubbles. goodbye, Wartortle. thanks for surfing me around. I mean, if you love last toys, you can, you can keep him and then use him. but I have a different plan. anyway, as you remember, the gym is locked, so you can't go in till you go into the to go into the mansion over here. the old burned out. oh, they call it pok\xc3\xa9mon mansion, but it really was like Pokemon laboratory. the first thing I'm doing is catching a Pokemon here. there's a grabber. that's not what we want, though. what? why is there? why is there nothing here? normally it's like I run into the Vermillion a million times. another grammar. not what I'm looking for. I think this is gonna be the one we need. hey, it's a pony. duh. what's up? girl? level 34. perfect. I think that's as high as they come. if I kill it, I'm gonna be real sad. critical. let's just pretend that one didn't happen. hey, yeah. okay, well, what you gonna do sometimes. that's life. anyway, so I'm gonna catch my pony to here, unless it breaks free. okay, no problemo. fire horse is not what I want. fire pokemon, of course not. super helpful for very much. as I've discussed before, my psychic can take care of grass better. and my one of my fighting bugs. it'd be good for a nice Pokemon, jinx. but it's like, how could I have no time to power it up? I haven't had time this whole game, because fire hasn't been super effective against anything I've been fighting really, except the grass Jim, and that wouldn't bring me very far. what I'm using this Pony to for? what do these people do? where's the guy that wants to trade a Ponyta, I guess it's this guy in the corner. I'm looking for Ponyta, I want to trade one for seal. yes, I do. yeah, seal. that's it. that's the big mystery on who my water /ice Pokemon is gonna be. what's up, sailor. that's his name. that's right. I forgot. you can't change the name of your traded Pokemon. but that's okay. if you want a nice type, there's only a few options. you get Lapras. but of course, the only lap press you can get in the game is the one that guy gives you in silk. oh, and he's level 15, so that's kind of useless. and you can go catch a shelter and cloister, who I love, but you have to go, you know, catch one. so seal is the one for us. yeah. so let's grab my stuff and teach this guy some good moves. sailor learned ice beam and sir, so the really nice thing about getting your water Pokemon right now is that you can straight go into a fire gym. we can't go to the gym yet though. we got to go get this key. let's see if I have any idea where I'm going. I always just sort of fumble my way through this one. so I thought fire pokemon trainers got shafted too. it's like they're, what, they're burglars, that those are the people that love fire pokemon. why? that doesn't make any sense. hey, it's sailor. what's up? that's actually too bad. I was, um, I was brainstorming last night about what I'm gonna name my seal. it's a couple of options. you know, you go for the singer kissed by a rose. well, I was thinking about ice types first. so I was think about frozen. you know, you make her a girl named her Elsa or something. and then if we go for the actress? you try to go for what ID no Menzel, who played Elsa. but, but then I was think about snow, and of course Jon Snow, and of course Kit Harington. and I think kit is a beautiful name for a seal. and he would be a great addition to our live-action movie too. you know, he's gonna be looking for some new projects now that Game of Thrones is almost over. so you got these switches. you got a press but I forget what order you gotta press them, actually. the strategy to get through here is to not hit this switch. okay, so eventually we have to fall down here. I think, let me try falling down right here then. and does this bring me out in - no, it just brings me into this room. remember, I'm supposed to fall down the stairs, and I guess let me try falling down this one. okay, yeah, we're back on the first floor, but we're in the section we couldn't get to. so that's all you do, you just, you just go, you just fall down the left wide hole. find another scientist. yeah, that's what I was saying. there's not a lot of fire pokemon in here, actually. you've just got those two burglars, maybe one more, a couple of scientists. there's only, there's only like six guys in here total. whoa. sailors evolving already. hey, it's a dugong. look at you. I love him. I think he's so cute. can't little dugong. and as you'll see now, he's, in fact, type 2 ice. I was nervous for a second that I was a huge idiot. now her ice moves are gonna be stronger. team 14, pretty sure that one's Blizzard. so I can teach that straight-up to do Gong right away. I think she'll learn it eventually. and it's kind of, uh, I'm not gonna use it anyway, mostly because it's less accurate than ice beam. I've decided it's a girl. it's a girl. sailor. frozen girl. Adena idina menzel, okay, I don't know, we'll see. maybe if it's a musical, we'll get her up in here. you know what? I'm feeling it now. let's turn this V in, this baby, into a musical. but we're keeping Stallone and Keanu and Owen Wilson, none of them will sing unless they can, I don't know. Keanu can do anything, I'm sure. all right, so we get through here and relatively painless. made it through the pok\xc3\xa9mon mansion. and this is my cue to escape rope. okay, any case, we got the secret key. we got some how many potions do we have here? do I have a bunch of potions? okay, time for a fire Jim. you guys ready? you can answer these little quizzes and then skip the trainer's but I do need all the XP I can get. but I'll do this first one, just for, just for fun. Caterpie evolves into Butterfree. see, that's one of those trick questions. most of these are trick questions, cuz, like, yeah, the way, I would definitely consider this a yes. luckily though, I'm gonna fight this guy anyway. so these guys gonna send out some some fire pokemon. I've got a dugong now, so I'm much stronger. my stats are better, so I can maybe almost one-shot this stuff. surf is a really powerful move. it's incredibly convenient that, you know the hm. you can use as many times as you want and on the water pokemon. and it's very strong it's a lot like fly. flies are really good flying move but I'm getting some boosted experience. I need more, I need more experience. I want to grow really fast here. well, I'm going through it. I'll talk about other options for a water-ice pokemon. again, you know, Blastoise is fine. I did use cloister once. it's got high defence, which is nice in case you get hyper beamed. but I think it's HP is really low, so it actually, it didn't help as much. Oh, also, keep an eye on this. you do only have 15 serfs, so right around this point is when you're going to need to switch. um, is ice not effective against fire, or is it averagely effective? it is averagely effective. okay, this flamethrower will actually be averagely effective against me - it says not very effective because I'm type water, but because I'm also type by. so they actually do cancel out in terms of the actual math. anyway, so I'll just plow through this guy. normally you want to go back to the the poky center at this point and take a quick breather. yeah, I've just had a brilliant idea. I'm gonna actually bring a couple X speeds with me into the battle, his final rapidash is just gonna be to uh fast. and he's too smart. he will, in fact, just fire whirl me to death. I don't have any on me, right? okay, just a slight detour. this is gonna be real quick cuz I got my ducks to fly me all over. they sell these things at, UH, at the big department store, and sell it on City. that's where you can stock up on these. okay, so we're back. we've got some PPE and we got some EXPEED. got some PCP and some speed. that's what I thought I just said. okay, anyway, here's Blaine. Oh, Blaine, look at you. he always looks weird. I never know. is he an alien? does he have a mustache, or is he? is he wearing glasses? I think he's wearing glasses, obviously. I won't think about it too hard. [Music]. so since expeed stays on you for as long as you know you don't switch out, I'm gonna use a couple right on his first fight, where he's unlikely to hurt me too much. how many X speeds do I need to do? you think I'm gonna say three is the magic number. we're happy. that is just pretty fast. I don't know, X speed, it raises it by quite a bit. I think, why would he use super potion? how dumb is he? okay, anyway, three X speeds and we're good to go. we'll see, we'll see if any of these guys are faster than me, then I'll know to, uh, then I'll know to switch. so, artists, gets you get your rendition, the Renaissance oil painting of this gym battle. we've got our nice little sailor, who is like, moving super fast. now. my sailor is just like, on speed. yeah, definitely going before the first rapidash. that's the dangerous one, I think. I don't think arcanine knows, uh, it was fire spin. okay, so there she goes. couldn't quite finish her in one hit, but because I'm faster now, I'll be able to go first once it ends. and there it is, the tornado of fire. but I'm too fast, too fast. dugong does not look like a fast pokemon, unless it's underwater, I guess. anyway, here's arcanine. pretty cool Pokemon. I always loved arc 9, but, well, you know, ooh, super potion. I wonder if it will do anything. it's gonna get one more attack off. will it do something useful? it's gonna Ember me? yeah, I don't yeah. oh, well, okay. not bad. not bad for a an ember. yes. that's the weakness of water pokemon, actually, in their type 2 ice boom. all right. so I'm level 40. that's pretty good. we'll need to level up a bit more before the Elite Four, but there will be some guys along the way. Fire Blast. Fire Blast is very exciting. it's a strong move. again, it's only 5 PP and it's low accuracy. so, 7, Jim's. we're on a roll here. I'm going to go straight up to number 8. there's nothing else to do in between. we got Saylor, we got Keanu, Owen Wilson, ducks, Taron Egerton and Stallone. this is a nice team. this is my final team, by the way. here we go, our final form. and if you really want to be cool, you can drop one of you could drop one of these, you drop Keano, and just keep tearing here. but keep them around for fun. oh boy, oh boy. this is that gym where where executor is actually strong against everything. although to be honest, I might he's already a decently high level. I might try to put out sailor on a few of the ground types. you know, get that get some extra HP on him. I'll keep sailor out first, although a lot of these guys don't actually have ground-type. pok\xc3\xa9mon like, look, I bet this guy has a fighting type. I bet this guy has, man. you know, I'm just gonna put executors out first, and I'll switch over to sailor if it's convenient. that's what I'll do. I'll fight this guy first. what's he got? ooh, nice little Rhyhorn. there he is. um, so, yeah, I could mega drain it, but I think I will actually switch over to sailor just for fun. just get the X be. what else we got? what else we got? what's this guy doing? I'm the karate King. oh, boy. glad to meet you, your highness. see ya. some good guys here. they favor ground-types, but some of them are fighting, some of them have poisoned, and only only a handful of them actually will throw anything ground-type at you. so there he is. look at that. rarest pokemon in the game. two toss-up between a few of the rare ones. but I would say he's probably, he's probably the rarest. what do you think Taurus makes a lot of vests team lists because he's, um, he's got like the 10th highest stats in the game, you know, ten highest stat average. let me try fighting on it though. he's just type normal. I guess that's the other thing that makes him good, he's type normal and he's got high stats. so it's like, you know, you put him out against basically anything. oh, I just couldn't one shot him us. too bad. the problem with actually using tauros, of course, is that he's so dang rare. like, I'm not about to walk around the safari zone for a million years waiting to run into a Toros, only for him to then run away immediately. oh, good. so, yeah, that's why Toros is not anywhere near my top ten list. anyway, it's time for Giovanni. oh, by the way, for haha. this is my hideout. this is Giovanni Fletcher resurrect Team Rocket right here. but I caught him again. once more, you shall face Giovanni, the greatest trainer. if you're really the greatest trainer, man, why aren't you? I don't know, in the Elite Four, I guess, because you've chosen a life of crime. that's fair. yeah. okay, we'll start with the Rhyhorn. should be able to take you down, no problem. gonna surf. that'll be nice, I guess. that's what though. it's the way I would do it. I would, I would solo the gym with executors, except, of course, that want Toros. I don't maybe executors could just, like, it came to death to probably, and then switch to sailor for Giovanni. that's the most efficient way to do it. Oh, got a Dugtrio. now, didn't have, didn't have one of those before. this guy's been all over guards special. well, that actually might help him here survive. but I think it won't help him too much. oh, no. now he's dead. he dead. what else you got new? no, Queen. oh, boy. hey, what's up? nidoqueen, um, you are type ground though. so I'm gonna surf you to death. sorry about that. what would it use on me? like, what's its ultimate attack? body slam. come on, he actually gets to use it. let's see. now. no, just another guard special hit you with a headbutt, just to, you know, show you who's boss. yeah, suck it. painters, get your painting ready. sailor head-butting Nidoqueen might be a good one. - gym leaders in a row. sailor gets to go. it's okay. I guess executor had a bunch. there's Nidoking. you know, Kings a little more exciting to me, but I think it's ultimate move is gonna be maybe horn drilled. and it's not gonna get a chance. goodbye. goodbye. lowered events. and here's right on. hey, look at that. right on. I love right on. anti Oren. I love rhinoceroses, um. but unfortunately, as strong as they are, they're not good against water. his DS specialists absurdly low. so there he goes. goodbye. I got the earth badge. that means all eight badges are mine, the ultimate power. and now TM 27, which, of course, is Fisher takeout Pokemon with just one hit. ooh, here's a nice little Easter egg if you talk to him again. having lost, I cannot face my underlings. Team Rocket is finished forever. I'll dedicate my life to the study of Pokemon. let us meet again someday. farewell. and he disappears. so that's good. if you don't talk to him, he just, I don't know, I guess continue standing there for forever. time to get back to the Pokemon Center, heal up, and then it will be time to take on Victory Road. dimma, dude, dip deep. do that that. dude. I'm going to have a rival fight right here. do not forget about your rival fight. yeah. oh, okay, good. rival fight should be a relatively easy one. it's kind of flabbergasting how much stronger he gets between here and then when he's the Pokemon League champion. like, he's just one step ahead of me, basically, as we're going through Victory Road. but whatever. anyway, take out Pidgeot. goodbye. birdie. what? oh, my goodness. yeah. I can see is a higher level than than me. but that's okay, because my type advantages are too strong to overcome. what else you got? you got a Rhyhorn. I forget, I was forgetting that's the one he's got. uh, yeah. I'll use, I'll use sailor on that one, for sure. I just took down, just took down. Giovanni's right on. you think your Rhyhorn is gonna be a problem for me? your dos. here we go. Gyarados, of course, no longer any issue. hold Wilson's, uh, maybe my highest level right now. so time to get rekt. you could go to the power plant get the Thunder TM, if you want. but like I've said before, Thunderbolt is, um, basically we'll also one hit everything. and it's more accurate. thunder will will miss like two out of the 10 times. growlithe. who goes against growl it would do Stallone or sailor both, equally good. someone's got to double up. I've only got, I've only got five pokemons, cuz Ducks doesn't count. and really, if you think about it, I've only got four Pokemon cuz not really using Kadabra anymore. so, uh, yeah. I guess we'll have to double ups. anyway, there goes growlithe. and here's the Alakazam. let's go ahead and bust out. Taron Egerton, let's see how he does here. should be pretty good. he's a higher level than me, but I think I've still got just the general advantage on this. yeah, he's gonna recover. that's gonna fail cuz you have full health. idiot. I just need to do more damage. than he can recover by a significant margin. luckily, he's gonna not try to recover anyway. hopefully my egg bomb doesn't miss. nope, we're good. we're good. yeah. there you go. get out of here. and venusaur, I'll keep my, keep my guy in here. go ahead and psychic him up. oh, you go. you gonna poison me. you gonna poison powder me. if I were him, I would have erased poison powder probably 30 levels ago. but I guess, I guess he just doesn't have any better options. what else? what else you got? you've got one more move. what are you gonna use? Razor Leaf. okay, it's a strong grass move actually. but of course, not really helpful against executor. so that'll be a rival fight. if Bulbasaur and venusaur wasn't type 2 poison, I don't know who I would use exactly. I would have to kind of rethink my entire team. might have to get a fire pokemon going and find out sort of the best and easiest way to level one up. couple options. I guess I would catch one in the mansion. you guys from twitch plays Pokemon, remember this ledge, the ledge of death that took about three days if I recall. okay, and we're going through. what's up. bro, he have got the boulder badge. you know it? it's kind of funny that this place becomes such a winding road. I really thought that it was just gonna be like, I don't know, like one long hallway. it's also so dumb, because, like, why would I want to just say, I just have the boulder badge and I can make it this far? like, what's the what's the point? what's the point of that? I feel like they should just have one guy at the very end checking all your badges, unless there's useful stuff in the middle. actually. you know what? there is. you can't catch some Pokemon. if I were to try to come up with alternate strategies that I haven't thought about yet, they would involve beating Erica, and then and then, I guess fishing in this water. I don't know, which why you would want a water pokemon. that early not super useful. the stuff you can catch there, by the way, I'm pretty sure you can catch slow bros. if you can get a slowpoke - low bro, it about blowing good executor, then you could use one of those instead of executor, potentially, give me one second. I think what else lives here, like Fieros? yeah, fearo's okay. so what level are they? thirty-eight outside. it's interesting. they're basically up to speed with me right now. in any case, it's Victory Road. did I use a max or Appel yet? there we go. max repelled. but I instantly run into a Pokemon. what kind of high level Pokemon is this? it's a marowak. well, that's kind of cool. maybe I should put a higher-level Pokemon out front. so, yeah, these puzzles are very simple. you just push the rock. yeah. the only thing you gotta make sure is that you don't get yourself caught in a position where it's against a wall that you can't push it in the direction you want. but I think in all my years of playing this, even as a kid, I have never, ever messed it up. so if I'm ever going to, it'll be this time while I'm not paying close attention. you get to a really interesting point here. you have to pick one of these. one of them is sky attack. TM, sky attack is the ultimate flying move. and ducks can't even learn it, that's how ultimate it is. that's hilarious. oh, that's just a wreck, and I'll take the wreck. and of course, if you want, you just, you know, exit the room and come back and you can get both. but, um, what do you what does this girl have? girls like cats, so maybe she has a meow. I wonder if you're good enough for me. hello, sounds like we're on a date. yeah, it was absolutely right. she's gotten me out. okay, we're on the next floor. um, why go here? damn. how. I so lost. so, yeah, there's mulch is. what's up girl, how you doing? I'm gonna stand right in your face, but I'm not gonna press a because then I'd have to fight you. we got to go up. we got to get a rock, then we push it back down. that's this. that's a plan. uh, where am I going? gonna be this chick. what's up? what you got? girl, okay, good. so here's where we push that down the hole. oh, yeah, it's just slamming into this thing with my bicycle. I would definitely snag on a rock and trip and scrape my knees, and that is the end of Victory Road. boom. okay. now, even though the bike is faster, yeah. we need music, alright, for the epic music. time for feel. before I said this was dumb, it's like, wait, how I've already made it this far, you're gonna make me go through some maze of statues? I actually don't know where I'm going. okay, oh, my god, oh Jesus. this is the dumbest part of the game right here. just give me a nice row of statues the whole way up to make it impressive. of it. whoa indigo plateau? plateau is indigo? yes, indeed. okay, let's, let's deposit. actually, I've decided we are gonna go get thunder. it'll be a nice, easy pickup for all you guys have been watching here. I'm gonna do a thing for people just joining us, so here you go. hey, hey, welcome to the Manor recaps pokemon blue. optimal strategy run. if you're just joining us, we've made it to indigo plateau, and you've skipped a lot of fun times. but I know how it goes sometimes. so I'm gonna show you the elite 4. let me put them in the order that I'm gonna use them, basically. well, I'll just start up here. we've got Owen Wilson, the Jolteon. he's gonna take care of Lorelei there is. he's got some good moves. we'll go through him as we go alright, next guy, Taron Egerton. of course, our execute or. he is our psychic shield. he's gonna help take down Alakazam and also, just, you know, cut through all of the the second two elite force single-handedly, basically. we do have down here. we do have a Cadabra Cadabra. keanu got us through the whole mid game very effectively. go watch that. it's a great time. mr. Stallone here, he's a nice grab ler. of course, it's cuz he's Rocky. so he's Stallone. we're not gonna use him too much, but he'll be hanging around. I'll use them a bit. and sailor is our other main elite for our Dewgong type two ice. so she is going to be taking down the Dragons when we get there. and of course, last but not least, is our level 14 Farfetch'd Dux. has only seen combat the once, I think, but when I put him out by accident. but, but he has been very invaluable for flying and cutting. so there you go, the perfect gentleman team. if that's all you wanted out of this, there you go. you may as well watch me fight the elite for now, though, it's, it's about to happen right now. make sure you've got your Jolteon out front. there, there. there he is. Wow. and here we go. this is Lorelai, first of the Elite Four. she claims to be a nice tight which is a good move. but of course, in Gen 1 here, all the ice types are water, except for jinx. jinx is gonna be your, our biggest, not a challenge, but biggest question here of what to do. so there's dugong first. and so, yeah, we are a bit under leveled relative to, you know, the Elite Four, but that's fine, because we're gonna destroy them. so like I said, Thunderbolt will actually, I won't be able to one-shot her, but thunder is more likely to miss. I feel like you just go through. so there you go. there to miss. well, that's what I get. I feel like you just go for the thunders though, and that way you're even if it misses. it's a two shot anyway, so nothing lost if you oh, wow. I am embarrassed. Thunder did not take it down in one hit. of course, there's not a whole lot this guy's gonna do to hurt me, so it's not a big deal. that's kind of unfortunate, though, I will need, I do need some health to actually beat lap brass. there's no way I can lunch out Lapras. and they're likely to use hydro pump or Blizzard, which can do a bunch of damage. and I will not change Pokemon. it's okay. Thunderbolt Cloisters. got weaker special defense here, and less or less HP one at one of the two. so Thunderbolt actually solos him. I got a crit, but it was gonna, who's gonna one shot him anyway, trust me. here's slow bro. Slowbro is not a big problem. I'll just Thunder again. we'll see if I can actually one-shot him here. okay, yeah, good. so that's why, you know, sometimes it's better to just use Thunderbolt. it's almost 100% accuracy, basically. so you're basically guaranteed to 2-shot, instead of thunder where you might miss twice, or might not much. anyway. so here's jinx. the best thing to put out here, you actually want to do your sailor. there's just not a lot that jinx is gonna do to hurt you. do Gong here. she's basically gonna use double slap, which doesn't hurt at all, or maybe thrash. this gives you a good opportunity to to go ahead and heal your Jolteon. he's only missing a few HP. I got a few super potions left just for such an occasion. because, like I said, against Lapras, you cannot one-shot it, unless maybe you create with the Thunder. so you want some HP. um headbutt here. like I said before, this is just my strongest physical attack that I know paralyze. come on, look, it's it's not the best, but like I said, there's no way she's gonna beat me. if I get in a really dire situation, I'll have to use a hyper potion, and that's not a big deal. there you go. yeah, yeah, I guess the best thing to do, you want to save double-edged for for your new Gong, just for this situation, just so you can crush her even better. double-edged might actually one-shot her. it's a, it's a very strong move, you know, skull bash - that might be a fun way to go. normally, I don't like the moves where you have to, UM, you know, charge up for a turn. but against jinx here, that can't hurt me. there's no, no problem with it. and we're back to Lapras. send out our Jolteon go. oh, and Wilson painters. if you guys have been following along, we're having our artists paint Renaissance style oil paintings of my gym battles. we may as well do the whole Elite Four here. it's not a very interesting one, as far as they go. it's basically Jolteon using, he's using thunder on these guys, and they are just getting completely wrecked. he's gonna get one move. let's see what Lapras is gonna do. yeah, hydro pump. most AI and the game are dumb, but the Elite Four and other some of the gym leader, they are actually pretty smart. they will use their strong moves. definitely using see look that it does about half my HP. on a critical hit does even more. so if you are missing some health, you are in trouble here. so that's why switching out is a good idea on that jinx and healing. definitely using Thunderbolt. I don't want her to get another turn, because I, I'm not gonna do this math exactly, but I feel like it might kill me. it might bleep, might leave me with three hell. she hydro pumps again. but I might also kill me. so there we go, up to level 50. Jolteon is the man and elite for number one. done. you're better than I thought. go on ahead. so I double talk to her. classic. classic. um Bruno here is a fun guy. I'm just gonna heal up cuz I got a bunch of potions. do I have a bunch of potions? jeez, my rare candies. so this guy, as you may or may not remember, he's got some fighting types as well as some onix's luckily, luckily, executors strong against all of that. so he is really not a problem. we will grind you down with us. imperial power. will get in the live-action movie of this. we've got a lot of a, you know, all the actors on my Pokemon team, you can see already. but we'll get Arnold to do a cameo and play Bruno here. it'll be an exciting moment at the end. yeah, look at this. when he puts out an onyx, you can just use mega drain. mega drain is a relatively weak attack, but yeah, when it's double super effective. his special so bad. my special so good. it's gonna be fine. Hitmonchan. oh, god, this poor, poor Bruno. he thinks he's so good. but, like, all you need is a psychic pok\xc3\xa9mon and a water pokemon, or one of both. the executor here and all these guys are going down in in one hit. I'm pretty sure you could, you could paint this one too, or draw we don't need an oil painting. we could just do a drawing. and this one, this one, you can actually paint in Microsoft Paint. that might do it justice, because all it is is his, uh, I'm picturing his fighting pok\xc3\xa9mon like surrounding me, and then executor just standing in the middle with like a dumb look on his face, cuz he's kind of got that dumb, like egg face. and just like his I just like smashing them around with, uh, with his psychic powers, slamming them into walls. neonics is just like eating the onix's at the same time he's like latched on to them, just sucking their life force away. I don't know how intense this has to be. hope you here's my champ, or Matt mah champ. much ham. anyway. uh, he's a pretty high-level here. look at that. almost almost ten levels above me, nine to be exact. so he might survive, but he does not. poor Machamp. and poor bruno. uh. poor Arnold, getting this cameo and then being, you know, just a total, total pushover. so here we go though. Agatha ghost-type. um, I don't think I even need to heal. I did not get hit a single time. executors staying out front. I was gonna, at one point, I was gonna raise executor and Cadabra equally, you know, so that Cadabra would be good enough for this fight. but really, that would have just made executor too low. you sort of do have to pick one towards the end of the game. and I think this is gonna be fine. let's see how this goes. Gengar. [Music], oh boy. so, yeah, a couple levels ahead of me here. he's gonna go first he's gonna use Dream Eater, though, not even hypnosis. so that's totally useless. I guess, not all of the elite for our master strategist. I got a critical hit. I'm actually curious if I would've, would have one shot it. you know, these ghosts, unlike the fighting types, these ghosts have very high special with special defense, so they could survive a lot better. but my specials really high. to look at that. so pretty good. here's a goal back. I'm not gonna change Pokemon. gold back could use something that's super effective against me. he actually might use, huh? what if he uses leech life? that's double super effective, though it's a weak move. if he uses a wing attack, that's super effective. I was, what I was considering doing is using some of these X speeds, but I don't know if I'm gonna do that or now, if I'm gonna try to do that on our balk I meant also use confusion. so that would be annoying. let me just try to kill it. Heys, I literally don't know what that does. all status changes are eliminated. oh yeah, that's it's actually, uh, that would have eliminated my X speeds. so, yeah, definitely not the Pokemon to use X speed on. I wonder if the best one to do it would have just been the very first, the very first. Gengar, feel like there's a Haunter coming up. I'm gonna use on him, or I'm gonna use it on on turn. ya think she has an R bak. let me see. I'm just gonna kill this guy. ya, see, this is the problem. he can use confused ray. it's pretty annoying. but honestly, it's not gonna be too big of a problem because, yeah, she's sort of refusing to hurt me. she can let me hurt myself. but, you know, Yolo can't put me to sleep. it's really annoying to you know what? I'm gonna use this opportunity to use a bunch of X feeds on myself while I'm asleep. [Music], dippity-doo, buddy. do okay now. arbok, yeah. X, yeah. arbok, is definitely a good time to use the X beads, cuz I don't think he can do anything really. is there anybody gonna do? screech, think he can rap me? he still knows rap. but that will be to bigger problem. what did I just use? three? I got four left. that should be enough. that should be enough. where's my where's my full heal? now, let me just, let me just cure this sleep. [Music], whoa critical hit on your bite. good job, kid. oh, why? it's still faster than me. okay? I mean, he's another EXPEED. not about to let that happen. acid is, of course, very dangerous. it is actually. and I'm still confused. that's awkward. I could have killed myself right there. I would have been very embarrassed. okay, well, I was hoping to heal on our buck. I forgot he can hurt me. yeah. that's the problem with the executor, to actually weak against poison. but I'm generally not phased. and I'm gonna hyper potion myself back up. does 200 HP. so executors getting close to that limit. but all right, another confused ray. let me use this other X speed. I feel like Gengar is even faster than Arabic. and I definitely want to go first, because I don't want to be confused and asleep anymore. yeah. okay, see. that's the other thing, is that hypnosis and confuse ray have a really, pretty good chance of just failing. so in a perfect world, you get through this with no problems. and yeah, there we go. [Music]. see, now I get to go first, and I think I can one-shot him. what do you think? oh, not quite. what are you gonna do? woo. nightshade. another one of those moves that does a set amount of damage, it does exactly the level you are. so that's kind of dumb when you're a level 24, ghastly. but when you're a level 60. yang gar, that was a chunk of my HP. unfortunately, that's that's all she got. and and she going down. boom. so, number odd. double talk to our Tenten classic. um, number three, done. I already forgot that I beat Bruno. so there's that. not that I'm conserving my potions here, I've got plenty, but, um. now, here's a little thing I always remember before you go to see Lance, you want to put your your dragon killer out front, because you might fight you immediately. I kind of forget, but don't forget that he starts with a Gyarados. I always, always do that. and the thing is, if you try to say you have out your guy here, and you're like, oh, shoot, let me switch into Jolteon, he will hyper beam you and one-shot you so much. watch out for that. but, yeah, you walk down this whole hallway automatically here. this is my hands are off the keyboard. look at this. hands-free. I'm taking a drink of my Coke. Zero. okay, never mind, though. you do get a chance to make sure that you're all good here. so we're all good. I'm gonna do, uh, do my freeze-frame here, just in case. these dragons should be pretty easy because they are so weak against ice. I always love that Lance just straight-up wears a cape though, like no one else in this world wears a cape, if you know what I mean. Lance must be just like a huge nerd in real life. um, and that's kind of funny. he's got awesome hair though, to be honest. that's, that's kind of what I look like as much as any of the Elite Four. so here's the Gyarados. Gyarados, I guess it's gr DOS guy. alright, gr DOS. I always skip that, eh. okay. I'm not gonna use a thunder because, like I said, if I miss, he will hyper beam me and kill me. luckily, he is a type 2 flying. apparently gearhead of carrados can fly. so this will be double, super effective. and my speed is very good. all the electric pokemon are. so I get to just one shot him right here. bing, bang, boom. get out of my face. he's got a little special defense to cuz special. all right. now, dragon air. now it is time for dugong to actually prove her worth. so far she hasn't done too much. she helped me get through the fire Jim, but I definitely didn't need her help for that. but she soaked up all the XP. because this is what I need. I'll put surf up top, and then then I, I'm sort of just, this is my thing. I kind of like having these moves in an order that makes sense to me. let me see. so let's find out real quick how much ice beam actually does. so the reason I'm using to do Gong here, oh, it does. in fact, one shot the dragon air is even at this level. using the dugong, instead of just continuing with my Blastoise, i started with the squirtle, of course, um, because she is type 2 ice, and that gives me the stab bonus, the same type attack bonus. so it's the ice moves here are actually much stronger than they would be if it was a blast. oh, he's using them. you know, a lot of you remember probably beating lance with your Blastoise an ice beam. but it doesn't matter if you, you know, if you're high level, but because I didn't fight any wild Pokemon there's kind of useless. I feel like it's good. type Aerodactyl here is not type dragon. he is type rock and flying. of course, again, ice is very good against both of those. Aerodactyl speed, those huge. so watch out for the hyper beam I'm about to take. luckily, yeah, it's only about half HP. um, this is gonna be a problem though, because if Dragonite survives and also hyper beams, I will die. and I don't have another chance here to heal. so I'm gonna Blizzard and hope that, oh, actually, I have a D I have a couple ideas. and I'm gonna do a freeze-frame here. I'm gonna shift f1. oh, is that the same one I did before? whatever. it's fine. I'm gonna win this. there's a couple different options here. let's see what happens. if I just straight-up use an ice beam. he uses agility. well, that wasn't helpful. let's see if I can actually one-shot. I see Dragonite, though he's stronger, is in fact type 2 flying, so it's doubly effective. I didn't get a crit okay, it though. let's check out some other options. what if I Blizzard instead? he still wants to agility? I wonder why they're set to use um. I don't know. you should probably just hyper beam me. so Blizzard has a decent chance to miss, but it's almost definitely gonna one shot him. I also got a critical hit. why am I getting so many critical hits? the other thing I might do here, if I was legitimately scared, say, I didn't have freeze frames, I was playing on my old gameboy color, I would use a hyper potion right now. because a worst-case scenario this, Dragonite uses his hyper beam. he wants to use slam for some reason. that's not helpful. but if he did use hyper beam, it wouldn't kill me from full health, and then he would have to recharge the next turn. so I would definitely have an opportunity to kill him here. there it is, no critical hit, but blizzard kills him. so, long story short, even though it can get a little hairy there, because Aerodactyl gets to go first. and I per beam you, you're gonna win. a worst case scenario, you put out ducks and use your turn to heal dugong, and then let ducks sort of be a sacrifice play, by the way. that's, that's always a strategy. and that's another reason why you sort of bring ducks with you, just in case. but my dragons lost. that is all for elite fours done. and now it is only bum far to my rival. what a douchebag him. literally on my way here. you know, I think he must have, he must have been, like, I blew through a victory around pretty fast. he must have been one step ahead of me. all right, let's check our Pokemon here. we have mostly a lot of health, but we'll heal everyone to full because Yolo. okay, I got a make sure that you put out who you want first. he oh, he starts with Paige yet. so I go first alone. you can also, you can also just let Owen Wilson ride, of course, but we'll see how this goes. there's a couple things I want to show you about this fight. bum farts, hey, he's talking like he's been Pokemon champ for years already. but he must have gotten here, I'm talking like five minutes at baby less like three seconds. oh, well, here we go, the ultimate showdown, the rival fight, red versus blue, or in this case, a recap. man, first bump. fart. I like this music - they got to listen to ya. Britney, intense. so obviously, Rock Slyde, gonna be real good. see, I like, like using Stallone ear. I love my gravel. err, he got us through the whole beginning of the game and the whole midsection there. he was teaming up with our our Kadabra kion. oh, those two, or the duo. but you know, they're at the end of the game. there wasn't as much use for him. it was mostly the executor show, to be honest, except for fighting all the swimmers. so here's how exam this is why we use an executor in the first place. because, you know, Alakazam, no, I'm not scared of any of my rivals, other Pokemon. I can handle them all really easily. it's just this guy that can cause a big problem. of course, one thing to do if you have a Kadabra. you could try to use him against him. you want to use psychic against psychic, because, you know, that's a good block. he's not effective against you. but Kadabra is just not strong enough. he can Alex Sam can recover right through, however much damage you're gonna do. I do want to use a egg bomb here. this is my strongest move see, here's the thing, this is why executors good. he just, he just can't hurt me. yeah, yeah. okay, it's not not a problem. let's see how strong Edgar bomb is, though. this is the moment of truth, because it needs to be significantly stronger than his recover. and I'm a little nervous that it's not. if it's gonna be awkward, especially because egg bombs, uh, accuracy is pretty bad. so he's good. we're gonna sit here in this recover battle. and if I miss, then I'm like, I've lost all the a little bit that I've gained. I'm embarrassed. I really thought this was gonna go better. what do you toxic on? see, I guess this is why tech toxic could be useful. it's gonna get stronger and stronger as we go so, who knows? I taught this to him as a joke. yeah, actually, toxic is really kind of effective against Amir. it's getting quite strong. let's see if I can actually hit with this egg bombing and finish this madness. Wow, toxic, he gets really strong. new plan, tops it. from the beginning. I had no idea that was gonna be so effective. and there we go. so ignore the part in the middle where I was concerned that my entire life was a waste, because I am the man. I am the Pokemon master. he's got a ride on here. you could put out your seal if you want. I'm gonna go ahead. since I'm missing some HP, I'm just gonna mega drain him again. he's got ten levels on me, but I think since this is double effective and his special is so weak, there we go. no problemo. if anyone paints the Renaissance oil painting of this battle, it is um one of me looking extraordinarily nervous as my executor is failing to kill a pal exam. he's got a Gyarados - I always forget. but Owen Wilson can handle that, no problem. a hyper beam would definitely hurt me. but I think that I go first. yeah. my electric speed is so, so much faster than him. yeah, there you go, 11 levels ahead. but one shot at goodbye. and what else we got? Arcanine? arcanine, totally useless. I could put out Stallone again, but he's a low-level and he already had his moment in the Sun, and Saylor hasn't done anything. so, Dewgong, you got to get your moment in the fight. there you go, taking down arc. and I now I'm twelve levels below. but surf is probably not gonna one-shot him, to be honest. he's a little bit too strong for that. a little bit too much of a higher level. but it will - shot him. can almost guarantee it. [Music], yep, yep. and of course, again, he can't, he can't hurt me. what's he gonna do? nothing. but, you know, surfed suck at. arcanine, a bunch of XP that I don't need, cuz there's only one pok\xc3\xa9mon left the penis. or penis is good. I could put out, yeah, Kioto here, and, you know, let him moment in the Sun. but we were talking before, in the live-action movie. he died earlier, and that's why I switched. so well, we'll keep this for the movie sake. it'll be the final showdown between grass types. who would have thought, of course, the big thing is me and asuras type to poison. and I know psychic, so, oh no, don't solar beam me. he can't. he cannot hurt me, and I can not one shot of my guess. 14 levels add is finally, too much. interesting note, make sure you did get that PP up that I got back there, or go up find where the other ones are, so you have enough psychics to make it through the Elite Four. because, um, otherwise this would be awkward. I would have been, would have been out right now. I also would have been out of egg bombs. and it's just like her. what do I do? I would have had to put a key on him. as it is, he's gonna solar beam me. let's see. uh, let's see what he can do. his final attack, his ultimate attack. Oz, it's not bad. it's not bad with a crit but, um, no, I think I take you down. take it down. Taron Egerton, MVP, there it is. so there's the Elite Four. Congrats. congrats to all of you for watching. it's not over yet. I'm gonna celebrate as I as I watch my Pokemon be inducted into the Hall of Fame. so all those videos out there that say this is the the best, Ultimate Team for Gen one Pokemon, and they're, they're throwing out things like tauros and Dragonite, nah, this is the ultimate team. still owned the gravel, err, super weak level, but he got us through the whole game and was just a good guy to have around. Taron Egerton, the executor. you know, he came in late, but was MVP through all those those middle gyms there. Owen Wilson, the Jolteon. so clutch, great, apparently. take out the rivals, Gyarados, and then he's good all the rest of the way. sailor the dugong trade for that one guy there on Cinnabar Island, type two ice. so he destroys dragons. there's our Kadabra keanu. decimated everything early mid game. and of course, ducks, the absolute MVP of the run, flying me all over and cutting down bushes. thanks ducks. couldn't have done it without you. and there is, there's recap man. beat it 11 hours. it's pretty good. old pretty good. you still needed more Pokemon. try to catch other species. I didn't look, what was my number? I feel like it was under 20. but there you go. guys. Congrats. thanks for watching. and men, have recaps out. [Music]. 