hi guys. today i'm going to recap a 2014 horror thriller film named jessica. i hope you will enjoy the video. and please hit like, subscribe and comment down to tell us how is a video. [Music]. the movie begins by showing jessica. lauren, jessie and her boyfriend mark. as she is pregnant, she is shifting to live in her boyfriend's house. and both of them were very happy and excited about it. but soon their happiness turns into mourning when a truck hits their car. in the accident, jessie loses both her boyfriend and child, and she also gets hurt very badly. she was unable to walk due to a serious fracture in her leg. according to the doctor, even with proper therapy, jessie will still take two three months to be able to walk again. that's why, after being discharged from the hospital, jessie goes to live with her father, leon at his house. now, mother died long ago due to cancer when she was a child. and after that, her father had left jessie with her aunt. and that is why there is no special, good father-daughter relationship between them. now, because jesse has no option to go. jessie goes to live with her father under compulsion. now her father's house is at a very remote place. there's only a dense forest all around and a lake next to the house. and the house is even scarier than that. jesse is given his mom's room on the ground floor to live in, which was never used after her mom's death. now one day, jessie finds a box in the same room with her full name, jessable, written on it and some videotapes inside it. when she plays the first video, she learns that her mother had recorded this tape for jessie's 18th birthday, when she was seven months pregnant, so that if she does not live, then jessable can know that her mom loved her very much. now in that video, her mother was reading the tarot card for jessie. but her every prediction turns out to be wrong, as jessie will never leave her hometown and she will always be around the water. but in reality, there was nothing like this. jessie was sent out in childhood, and she does not even know how to swim. but then in further readings, her mother tells that she is not alone in that house. and there is someone else with her, a woman who wants her out of that house. now, just then, suddenly, jesse's father comes there and breaks the tape and gets very angry at jessie for watching the tape. he even throws jesse's wheelchair in the water so that jessie could not move freely around the house. now, the same night, jesse sees a black man in her dream who was performing a voodoo ritual. after jessie wakes up, and she sees a woman in the room with her on a wheelchair, who was slowly coming to her. but when jesse screams, the woman disappears. this ghostly figure was looking quite obsessed with the bracelet she was wearing in her hand. actually, this bracelet was the last sign of jessie's mother, which jessie had kept with her for so many years. now, the next day, jesse's father brings her a wheelchair that belonged to jessie's mom, and also apologizes to her for being so rude the previous day. when her dad leaves home after breakfast, jessie plays another tape where her mother explains that she discussed with her friend moses over the last tara card reading, from which it has come to know that the two women who have a presence in the house are both jessable, and one of them is a demon. but according to jesse's mother, it can also be her inner demon. and if there is an accident or death of someone close to her, then she should not blame herself for that. after this, her mom once again starts reading the tara card for jesse bulb. but this time, her mom sees a terrible death, and she turns off the camera getting upset. now, the next day, a nurse comes to take care of jessie, who was sent from the hospital. she leaves jesse in the bathtub and goes outside. and here jesse falls asleep in the bathtub. now, after some time, blood starts coming in the water. and the same ghost is sitting in the bathtub in front of jesse, who keeps haunting jesse then and again since coming to this house. now ghost attacks jessie and tries to kill her, but jesse's father comes. they're at the right time, listening to her scream. but as soon as they come, everything becomes normal. and jessie thinks she was hallucinated by now. now, in anger, jesse's father drives the nurse out of the house and finds the rest of the tapes and takes them to burn. jesse tries hard to stop him, buddy, he doesn't listen to her. now, his father's body catches fire while burning the tapes, and a supernatural force closes the store from outside, and her father dies thereby burning. and because jessie was unable to walk, she could not do anything. now at her dad's funeral, jessie meets her high school boyfriend, preston. but then jesse again sees the same black man who was staring at her, and jessie faints there. now the next day, preston takes jessie out for lunch to make her feel better, where jessie tells preston about her nightmares. and when she comes home, she shows him the tapes her father tried to burn. according to preston, these tapes are the reason for jesse's nightmare, and jesse should not watch these tapes. now, at the same time, preston gets a call from his wife, and he leaves from there. but at night, jessie can't stop herself and starts watching the rest of the tapes because she thought her mother had correctly predicted her dad's death. so she wanted to know what else her mom had said in the rest of the tapes. in the first tape, his mom and dad are shown at the christmas party, who seem quite happy. in the second tape, her mother comes crying and says that she is already dead, and throws the camera. now as soon as the tapes are over, the same supernatural force starts to scare jessie. and in the meantime, jessie gets another tape from behind the wall. now the next day, preston visits jessie at her house. when jesse and preston noticed some glittering lights on the other side of the lake. now when both of them go to investigate the thing, they find a grave by the name of jezebel, along with many voodoo objects in the forest. now, as soon as the grave is duck a skeleton of the child is found from the coffin, after which they immediately call the police, and the police take those bones for a dna test. now the next day, preston and jessie visit the house of ms davis, who used to cook at jessie's house before she was born. they came here so that they can get to know something about that child. but ms davis catches jessie by her hair and starts taking the name of moses. this moses is the same man who taught jesse's mother to read tara cards. now, thinking that maybe moses will be involved in all this supernatural occurrence, while searching for whom they reaches voodoo shrine in a ruined church, where some people come and hit preston and drive them away. now, preston brings jessie home and tells her that he is definitely married, but he still hasn't forgotten jesse and he loves her. for jessie's safety, preston asked her to pack her belongings so that she can stay with his mom, as jessie is not safe in this house at all. now, when jesse is packing, ghost attacks preston. and when jesse comes out looking for preston, she finds preston lying unconscious on the ground. preston is then sent to the hospital. and jesse learns from the police officer that the child whose skeleton was found on the side of the lake was an african black girl who was killed after being born. now jesse understands that the one who keeps haunting her in this houses none other than the spirit of the same black girl. after the police leave, she starts calling the ghost alone in the house to find out what she wants from jessie. and only then she sees the same last tape on the table that she got from behind the wall. while playing the tape, jesse sees a white kitten and his mom. at first, it seemed as if her mother would kill that child, but later her mother curses the child with a voodoo doll and shoots herself. now, after the tape is over, jesse's mother's spirit comes in front of her, and then jesse learns that the baby was half african and half american. now when jesse's father comes to know that kate was not pregnant with him, but that child was of moses, then he kills the child and his father, moses. he throws that child in the lake and sets fire to moses church and kills him there. but later, the people of moses buried the dead body of the child near the lake. now jessie understands that everything that her mom told is true, but for jess abel, not for jesse. jesse will never went out of this city, always living near water, and also the prediction of her death. now, after killing jezebel, leon had adopted a white child, that is jessie, to cover up the murder. kate and leon were never jesse's real parents, and that's why leon didn't want jessie to see all those tapes, because they were not for her. and the unwanted presence that kate told in those tapes was none other than jessie. and the black african man jesse had seen in her dream performing a voodoo ritual was jessica's father, moses. now after this, along with kate, moses spirit also comes there, and both tie jessie's hand to her wheelchair and take her near the lake and throw her in the water, so that jessable spirit is transferred to jesse's body and their revenge may be fulfilled. now, underwater, we see that jessable comes to jesse swimming and takes her mother's bracelet from her hand. jesse dies in the water there, and jessable swims up, while in jesse's form, which means jezebel's spirit was transferred to jesse's body. now preston also comes there and jumps into the water to save jessie. and as soon as she comes up, she kisses preston and asks him to take her home. when the police officer calls her miss warren, she says with an evil smile that her name is not miss lauren or jessie, but jessable. and the movie ends here. thanks for watching. please do not forget to like, comment and subscribe. [Music], 