our movie starts with dr ellie arroway working for the seti program at the uracibo observatory in puerto rico. guided into science and communication, starting with amateur radio by her now deceased father, she listens to radio emissions from space, hoping to find evidence of alien life. david drumlin, the president's science advisor, pulls the funding from seti because he believes that the endeavor is futile. arrowway gains backing from haddon industries, run by secretive billionaire industrialist sr hadden, which allows her to continue the project at the very large array in new mexico. four years later, with drumlin seeking to close the seti program, arrowway discovers a signal repeating a sequence of prime numbers, apparently sent from the star system vega, about 26 light-years away. this announcement causes drumlin and the national security council, led by michael kitts, to attempt to take control of the facility. aeroway's team discovers a video hidden in the signal, adolf hitler's opening address at the 1936 summer olympics in berlin, germany. aroway and her team postulate that this would have been the first signal strong enough to leave earth's ionosphere, reach vega and be transmitted back. the project is put under tight security and its progress followed worldwide. arrowway finds that the signal also contains more than 63 000 pages of indecipherable data. the reclusive sr haddon secretly meets with arrowway to provide the means to decode the pages. the pages reveal schematics for a complex machine that is determined to be some kind of transport for a single occupant. the nations of the world fund the construction of the machine at the kennedy space center in cape canaveral. an international panel is assembled to choose a candidate to travel in the machine. although arrowway is a front-runner to go, her hopes are scuppered by christian philosopher palmer joss, a panel member whom arrowway met and briefly became romantically involved within puerto rico. when he brings attention to her atheism, the panel selects drumlin as more representative of humanity. when the machine is first tested, a religious terrorist destroys the machine in a suicide bombing, killing drumlin and several others a cancer stricken haddon, now in residence on the mir space station, reveals to arrowway that his company had secretly made a second machine in japan, and that arrowway will be the one to go outfitted with several recording devices. arrowway enters the machine's pod, which is then dropped into three rapidly spinning gimbal rings, causing the pod to apparently travel through a series of wormholes. arrowway sees a radioarray-like structure at vega and signs of an advanced civilization on another planet. she then finds herself on a beach similar to a childhood picture she drew of pensacola, florida. and a figure approaches that becomes her deceased father. arrowway recognizes him as an alien taking her father's form, and attempts to ask questions. the alien tells her that the familiar landscape and form were used to make their first contact easier for her, and that this journey was just humanity's first step to joining other space-faring species. arrowway falls unconscious as she begins traveling back through a wormhole. she awakens to find herself on the floor of the pod, the mission control team repeatedly hailing her. she learns that from outside the machine, it appears that the pod merely dropped through the machine's rings and landed in a safety net. arrowway insists that she was gone for approximately 18 hours, but her recording devices show only noise. a congressional committee is formed and speculates that the signal and machine were a hoax designed by the now deceased haddon. arrowway asks the committee to accept the truth of her testimony on faith. in a private online conversation, kits and white house official rachel constantine reflect on confidential information that although arrowway's recording device only recorded static, it recorded 18 hours of it. our movie ends with arrowway and joss reuniting an airway receiving ongoing financial support at the vla. if you enjoyed this video, help me grow my channel by subscribing 