welcome to the man of recaps. this is the fourth and final season of mr. robot. it's Christmastime in the city, which is a stark contrast to the general tone of the show. but when it's all over, Santa's gone back to his shitty day Joe. last season, Elliott successfully reversed his original 5/9 hack, but he hasn't had a change of heart. he's more committed than ever to taking down the secret billionaires controlling the world. Elliott Dennis, split-personality mr. robot, working together now, a hack and blackmail their way to find that most of white roses money is being held in Cyprus National Bank. white rose gets wind of this, though, and sends Elliott into a trap. they're gonna do the old-fashioned heroin overdose. and at the end of episode 1, looks like Elliott's dead. show over. but he's saved by none other than Phillip price, CEO of he Corp. at the end of last season, we just learned that Angela is his secret daughter. white rose tricked Angela into helping her blow up all those buildings. so Angela wants revenge, but the dark army has Phillip price, under their thumb. and Phillip can't stop him. they kill Angela. no, so he is real mad. now wants to help Elliot take white rose down. he explains that the shadowy group of men secretly running the world is a real thing. they call themselves the Deus group, and it's white rose Minister Jang who set it all up years ago. the plan is to draw them all out. Phillip rice says he's going to resign, and they all need to meet on Christmas Day to appoint a new CEO of ecore. Elliot's sister Darlene joins in to health. and their next lead is a single mom who works for Cyprus National Bank. Elliott plans to blackmail her, but mr. robot takes over to lay on the charm. so they have an awkward third wheel first date, and it actually goes really well. my boy, Elliott's getting laid. it was just to steal her key fob. but she and Elliot do make a real human connection about how they both used to be drug addicts, but when he comes clean, he's a super hacker trying to take down her employers. she refuses to help him, but he actually drugged her coffee so that she'll fail a drug test and lose custody of her son if he doesn't help. Wow. Elliot, that's cold, bro. when he gets home, he finds tyrell wellick in his apartment. Tyrell has his dream job, the chief technology officer of e corp, but he's lost his wife and son and is just a puppet for the dark army. so he's not happy. they're going to appoint him though, as a replacement CEO. and he's like, we can finally take him down. unfortunately, he didn't realize the dark army has Elliott under surveillance. so he's got to go kill the guy they got listening in. they go to the middle of nowhere to ditch the body, but it turns out the guy survived. so they spent an episode walking through the woods until they finally find the van. he takes final few shots at him before killing himself to not be captured. and unfortunately, Tyrell got hit. he walks off into the mist to die. he does find a strange purple glow in the forest. I think it's just the show's artsy way of showing his death. but with this show, you never know what's real. Elliott gets a ride home from Darlene, who had her own side adventure, stealing a car with a drunken Santa Claus. then it's time for a heist. Elliott and Darlene sneaking into this server room doing some good old-fashioned hacking. it's super cool. actually, there's no dialogue the whole episode. they finished just too late. and the cops are here. so Elliott runs them on a merry little chase all over the city. this is why cardio is important, even if you're a computer guy. with Elliott distracting them, Darlene's able to calmly walk out. when Elliott's finally cornered, he jumps off the bridge, but uh-oh. he rolls down, and Darlene's there to pick him up. but this moved them right to the top of the dark Army's wanted list, and they send their FBI agent, dominates the Pietro, to pick him up. at the end of last season, Dominique was forced to be the dark Army's new FBI mole. her dark army handlers, this woman Janis, who doesn't seem very scary, but she threatens to slaughter Dominic's whole family no problem. Saddam picks up Darlene. the order comes in to kill her. these two have shared a connection though, including one romantic evening, so Dom just can't do it. Janis, though, is happy to kill her, except Darlene just wiped her phone, so they need her alive. now to find Elliott. where is Elliott? he's been kidnapped by totally unrelated people. it's Fernando Vera, the drug dealer from back in season one. he's back in business, and he wants Elliott, with his super hacker skills, to help him build a criminal empire. now he's a crazy dude who loves to hear himself talk. he basically spends the episode telling Elliott his full life story. he's also kidnapped Elliott's therapist, Christa. he knows he won't be able to really trust Elliott unless he breaks him completely. so he forces them into a therapy session and tries to cram years of therapy into one night. they go back to the inciting incident of Elliott's trauma, the fall from the window. the original story was that Elliot's dad accidentally pushed him out the window, which was always weird. and Darlene last season that Elliott wasn't pushed, he jumped, which is even weirder. but why would Elliott be scared of his father? his father was his best friend growing up. Krista's like, was he though? and Elliott remembers the truth. did your father sexually molest him? yes, his father was an awful child molesting monster. all the good memories Elliott has of his dad was mr. robot, his imaginary friend. another big twist, this shatters Elliott's world. he's completely broken, which is exactly what Mehra wanted. he's like, hey man, join my drug empire. we'll be a family. but unfortunately for him, Krista stabs him in the back. DOM and Darlene are still captured. they're gonna kill Dom to make Darlene give up Elliot's location, not just Dom. in fact, they're gonna kill her whole family, but the dark army agents stopped responding. yeah, Dom was one step ahead of um. earlier. she released this other criminal from prison and hired him to pre kidnap her family to keep them safe from the dark army. then, BOOM, Dom use an FBI training takes these guys all out. then christmas is here. it's time for the big Deus group meeting, but when price walks in, it's just white rose. yeah, he knew Philip was playing him. the real Deus groups meeting across town. Security's way too heavy. Darlene can't get in, so she hatches a new plan. she quickly makes a new F society video calling out the day's group, including where they're meeting right now. they all freak out and go outside, calling their drivers, where Darlene's able to hack their phones and, boom, get their bank accounts. white rose and the rest of them have lost everything. Billa price is like, ha, gotcha. so Rose shoots him right there. but all the crimes of the Deus group have been brought into the light, and Elliot and Darlene redistribute their wealth to everyone in the world. yeah, they did it. the day is saved. but the show is not over yet. white rose survives. she still has enough power to pursue her primary goal, the giant machine she's built under the Washington Township plant. we still have no idea what it is, but Elliot knows he's got to go take it out. a dark army picks him up and brings him in for a one-on-one with White Rose. it's a weird room, just like the one where Angela met white rose back in season two. white rose talks for a while about how the world is an awful place, and all she wants to do is make it better. she talks again about how, because of her machine, no one will ever really have to so what is it like? a virtual world, a happy matrix that everyone can upload their minds into? or is it even crazier, like an actual time machine? or stranger things, dimensional portal? le it's like, hey, whatever you're planning, it's clearly not gonna work. you're just gonna cause a meltdown in the nuclear plant, destroying New York. but White Rose is so confident that she, oh, shoot herself. boom, boom. White Rose dead. I guess to shut the Machine down, Elliot has to play in a whole-school das game. long story short, beating the game doesn't work. but Elliot realizes that to win you have to abandon your friend. so instead he says, hey, I'm gonna stay with my friend. and hey, the machine is shut down, or is it? everything's going red. the next morning, Elliot wakes up and it's a beautiful day, and he gets a call from Angela. yeah, she's alive. not only is she alive, they're, in fact, engaged. the wedding's tomorrow. yeah, it seems like the machine worked. Elliot's living in a perfect paradise alternate reality. his dad is alive and well, not to child molesting monster, but a great father. Elliot's back working at allsafe. in fact, he's the CEO of allsafe. he's got a big pitch meeting today for F Corp instead of E Corp. their CEO is tyrell wellick, and he's not an American Psycho. he's a good-hearted nerd. so it's a beautiful day, until Elliot gets home and finds his black hoodie doppelganger in his apartment. yeah, that's our Elliot. it looks like the machine teleported him to this alternate reality. he spends the day investigating, realizing how good of a life this version of himself has. so the two of them have a chat where it's like, wow, sorry, bro, your life sucks. but when they touch it's an earthquake, and, oh good. hits his head. before he can call for help, angela calls him and it's like, hey, honey, are you ready to get married tomorrow and live the life of your dreams? so Elliot's got to a bit of a dilemma here, and he decides to kill his alternate self. yeah, this is some real twilight zone stuff. now, pretty soon though, it becomes apparent that this alternate reality is not actually real. mr. robots there with him like, yeah, sorry, kid, this is all in your head. it's like, wait, what about white roses machine, though transported me to this alternate universe? no, no, white rose was crazy. her machine did, in fact, do nothing, and you successfully shut it down. after some mental shenanigans, Elliot finds himself talking to Krista again. she drops the final big twist of the show on us. the Elliott that we've been following the entire series is not the real Elliott. he's another split personality they called a mastermind. this paradise world is a mental prison where real Elliott's been happily sleeping. he created this black hoodie, super hacktivist alter-ego to take down the man and save the world. he wakes up in the hospital. Darlene assures us this is the actual real world. he did go to the power plant and stop white roses machine from causing a meltdown. he's like, hey, Darlene, am I not actually the real Elliot? and she's like, oh yeah, yeah. I always kind of thought so I didn't really want to say anything because I was spending time with my brother again. so mastermind Elliot feels bad, realizes that he saved the world. his job is done. so real Elliot wakes up for the first time in a long time, having successfully faced his demons, both inside and out. and that's how mr. robot comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out. [Music]. 