welcome to the men of recaps. this is the bachelor finale, part two. we left Peter in Australia with a torn and conflicted heart. Madison had just left the show admitting that she loved Peter, but she didn't think it was gonna work out, leaving Peter heartbroken. and it ends a wonderful girl that Peter loved too, but he wasn't sure if he could fully give her his heart. this episode begins with Peter deciding he does love Hannah an. he's jumping in headfirst. he's gonna propose. but this whole season, they've been teasing a huge twist at the final rose ceremony. what's going down? turns out the twist is that Hannah Ann is not sure she's even coming yes after her last date with Peter, where he didn't give her the love she was looking for and just talked about how he's sad and conflicted. and Ann's feeling like he's gonna send her home, and she doesn't want to go there to get her hopes up. yeah, Peter never actually told her that Madison's already went home, and she's the last girl in it. so now Peter, who had just psyched himself up to propose, has the rug pulled out from under him, that's why he's like fainting and laying in the bed. but it turns out to be a non-issue. Hannah and does, in fact show up. Peter really melts this proposal. in fact, for the first 90% of it, it seems like he's gonna dump her, but then he turns it around, I love you, Hannah, Anne. and he proposes. she says yes. she's over the moon, and these two live happily ever after. just kidding. this crazy, drama-filled season can't end any other way than with more drama. sometime later, Peter and Hannah and have a talk, and it's looking like a breakup convo. Peters like, hey girl, this is awkward, but when I proposed to you, I thought that I was fully in love with you, but now I'm kind of like, hands like, um, are you freaking kidding me? and Anne's been so easygoing and supportive of Peter this whole time, but now it's her breaking point. Peter really wants to think of himself as the good guy, like, hey, I'm just always trying to be honest with you. but she's like a guy this moment having this conversation with me. I swear to god, I would never have done that to either of us. and why is it happening now? if you're not a hundred percent sure, don't propose to me. I'm giving you nothing but my full heart this whole time, and you're always conflicted and holding back. you know what? I should have seen the red flags earlier. I'm out of here. in the last section, she comes out and totally crushes it. she stands up for herself, shows a lot of emotional maturity, and there's no doubt Hannah and The Bachelor. but we're not done yet. Chris Harrison flies to Alabama to talk to Madison. turns out she's been regretting her decision to leave everything else aside. she still loves Peter. so Papa Chris lays down the good news for her. yeah, Peter got engaged to Hannah Ann, but then he broke it off because he's still thinking about you. so he flies Madison out to LA. where Peters got an awesome house, by the way, or does he still live with his parents? but he is thrilled to see Madison again. these two reconnect, and they bring her out in the live show. what's gonna happen? are these two together? is Peter gonna propose? no, it's a bit of an anti-climax. they're like, yeah, we're still in love, but we're gonna slow it down, see where this goes. the real climax is the convo with Peter's mom. after meeting both girls, the whole family was fully team Hannah. and remember, his mom broke down crying about it. and when he first told them that he and Hannah Ann were engaged, she was over the moon. she is real mad at Peter for dumping Hannah Ann and breaking her heart like that. as for Madison, she's like, hey, you know, obviously in Australia you were going through a lot, so we didn't like you because you didn't like Peter at the time. you'd expect her to say something like, but we're really excited to get to know you now and stuff, but she doesn't. she still really does not like Madison. she does not believe medicines right for her boy, and does not support them working out their relationship. and this is where Peters loves to where he comes to an end. if you want to find out more. you'll have to follow him on Instagram and stuff. if I had to guess, he's going to stay single and bang as many girls as possible. the end the episode bringing out the new bachelorette, Claire Crawley. she was a contestant a while ago and has had multiple bachelor appearances, but it's never worked out. so this time she's a little older, more mature, ready to really find the man of her dreams. will she find love? will I bother recapping it? find out next time on The Bachelor. hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion. 