that i couldn't receive the love that you were offering. and, um, i pushed you away. i'm afraid that i won't be able to regain your trust. serve someone who doesn't break like glass. and the person who i trained, the person i mentored, fired me. i take full responsibility for my actions. andrew duluca had absolutely nothing to do with it. you'll get a few weeks of community service at a free clinic, and you'll pay a fine. this is your little sister, allison. and allison, this is your big brother. who are you? i sat here silently while you fired my husband and two of your most effective department heads because they had broken the law. so, tom karasick is my punishment. i am living with cancer. i don't have the energy i once did. i don't want it out. you hear me? you offered me an hour. marry me again, please. yes. when was your last period? amelia, oh, my god. because i don't like you and you don't like me. we're not friends, so it's none of my business. it's a letter from the medical board. they're going to pursue action against my license. hey, happy first day. is it? you hired me as general surgery residency director, pregnant. actually, i know it's absurd. i'm gonna turn this place around. help me do the impossible. help me prove bailey's wrong. i want to be a general surgery attending i would be an asset to any hospital. the question is, do you want that hospital to be yours? i keep coming across people who can't get the help they need because of the same crap. planning to do is right about what i'm seeing. i want to publish. i do now. i kind of want to meet that kid. well, i kind of do too. some guess how many residents came here to work with meredith gray? we didn't come here for dr karasik or karev or avery. dr bailey, let's fix it. work somewhere else. what? you're fine your article. you wrote your article. this is savage. you went after everybody, big pharma, insurance, institutionalized discrimination. judging by the headline, hospital hell at graceland memorial fired surgeon speaks out. i didn't see it. well, come work for me. take head of trauma instruction, the department, however you want. i would like to explain how this happened. it was never meant to be published. i only pitched them a few ideas from hospital health. any of this has hurt you, i really am truly sorry. i made you study, i made you practice. i was your friend, your mentor, and every time you needed me, i was there. you're also pregnant. bailey, i'm sorry, tom. i need ct for my daughter. what's wrong? she's been vomiting and she has a headache. well, it sounds like the flu. she also has a vp shunt for spina bifida. so look, it's a simple surgery. okay, you need to go to court. i'll be with her the whole time, and i'll update you every step of the way. promise. are you kidding me? right now, i'm pregnant. how's your daughter? much better. thank you. she had to have neurosurgery so i couldn't leave. dr, you're not going back to clean up duty. you'll be making up your missed hours in jail. mom, mommy, i bless you. i'm sabrina weber. richard's my uncle, and he's your biological father. so this kind of tumor is operable, but it can grow really rapidly. so we need to get some new imaging right away. everything that i could but unfortunately i couldn't save her. get your hands off me, okay, dao. i didn't even want her to operate. and panel chair. dr paul castello, mr shepard, there's some things you need to know, ma'am. give me that paper, because that one killed my husband. it was the trauma surgeon who operated on my husband. if you want to take my license and make sure i never see another patient again, then you do that. but you have absolutely no right to ever mention my daughter. don't have time for a ct that one night should have cost you your entire career. my conflict of interest. my medical license should not be in this man's hands. he is dangerous. one of us tell them that their panel chair died. can't postpone because these people have come from all over to speak for meredith. [Music]. she deserved to lose her job. she deserves to pick up trash. no one should be questioning her license. it's over. i still have my license, yes, and i'm so grateful it's over, because you're one of the most exhausting clients i've ever had. come back to grace. sloan, oh, you are a pain in my ass, but you're fine, sir, take some time there to figure out what it is that you want. let me know if i'm a part of that. hi, who are you? cool. mac hayes, chief of pediatric surgery. all right. [Music] outside if you need me. i'm so sorry. [Music]. i should have trusted myself. i can't be a surgeon if i can't trust my own gut. i can't. i quit. i'm the best. uh, you're not 20 weeks pregnant? no, because that could mean, oh god. but the one thing i know for sure is you're the perfect woman for me. so i love you. i'm being sued for wrongful death. who's sabrina weber? i am more pregnant than i thought. okay, which means there's a chance that you aren't the father. i know we're angry with each other and we're hard-headed. then apologize right after that. i'm sorry, but it's too little, captain. it's too late. alex thinks i'm worth this much, not just alex. mike and i guess i have a new job. but i'd like you to put out some feelers about buying pack north. oh, and now we have to report to grace sloan an interview to keep our jobs. alex uh hasn't been returning my calls. he says that he's going through something and he needs time. foundation's absorbing pack north and its employees. your siblings were here when you came in last night, terrified. the only family i have. they were social workers. you broke them up. they aren't even together. but the board of which most of us are members, we've uh come to a decision, hunt and weber get their jobs back. pierce and allman become co-chiefs, and you find the money to cover it. and alex krevin hayes can go cheat. i came to seattle because andrew is now the same age as our father was when his symptoms started. it it runs in the family. failing to understand or properly consider the consequences of your actions is a sign of mania. because when you reach alex corral, leave a message. hey alex, i need you to call me. i need to hear your voice. andrew, that was an amazing diagnosis. you saved her life. yeah, not thanks to you. you're not sleeping, you're not eating. plus you are not acting like yourself. you are unbelievable. i'm growing a whole human in my body. and i want to raise him with someone who is going to love him and me no matter what a blood test says, hey, come home with me with my family. what you serious? what have you known me to not be serious? yeah, yeah, i know that amelia just took some personal time, and i know that link is having a terrible time with it. and i i know that i have this feeling that i can't shake, but has something to do with owen, you're not crazy. knock. never. who is he to you? he's the first man that i said, i love you too after my husband never met anyone like me. without so young [Music] mayor. this is not the way i wanted to do this, because the one perfect thing isn't in seattle, not anymore. i left and i'm with izzy is your trial gave me an excuse good enough to call her. she was single and wanted children and couldn't have them because the cancer nuked her eggs. but she had our embryos, twins, eli and alexis. mary, you are my best friend, and i will miss the hell out of you. but i'm finally exactly where i should be. this letter, it's officially the worst thing i've ever done. i love you. maybe it's not fair to say that, but it's true, lawyer, i signed divorce papers. i left everything to you. it's yours. you worked for every cent you ever owned and then some. i also left you my shares in grey sloan, amelia's baby might be yours. we if you have a baby with amelia, what does that mean for us? you're not yourself. listen to people when they tell you that, get help before it's too late. i feel that he might choose another woman again. i don't want to live without you. you seem pretty clear about how you felt. if the baby isn't here, you're in love with you. amelia. and i fell in love with this baby, and that is what matters to me. he is yours. it's not owen's baby. tom. this doesn't change the way i feel about you. you'll make a difference in people's lives. and the more i do that, the more you all just judge me and call me crazy. and i'm not, and i'm i love you. you went to jail for me. you saved me. i'm sorry, ladies and gentlemen, but the historic illusion of this, who are you? yeah, we ruled out, uh, dementia? no, we have not. get a pet scan. do i want to beta amyloid tracer and look for alzheimer's? it's not alzheimer's. [Music] as soon as possible. tingling in the extremities and sensitivity to touch are not signs of alzheimer's. definitely should do an emg to test his nerves. no, no, no. how about now? you listen to me now. all right. his hip replacement was made out of cobalt. we did a heavy metals test. it came back negative, right? not for cobalt. cobalt poisoning would explain the dementia, the depression, hallucinations, tremors, everything. don't throw your life away. teddy, i hate that i have dragged you into this. i hate that i'm hurting you because you love me. i am marrying owen. i love you too. i love you too. oh, my god. oh my god. i am marrying owen. this was, this was goodbye. richard. do you know where you are? great. show memorial. what is she doing here? sweetheart. i've been with you this whole time. is your mind playing tricks on you again? did you stand by me while i was being fired you by my hospital to humiliate me? or is that my mind playing tricks too? you grab a drink, celebrate. yes. except i'm so exhausted. will you ask me another time? of course. [Music]. i don't know what's going on. okay. okay, hey, teddy. i'm so sorry, honey. we'll reschedule. why are we rescheduling? owen got pulled in for last minute surgery. said to send everyone home. he didn't call you. you 