[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and The Walking Dead is back with its midseason finale that definitely serves as a satisfying cliffhanger for everything that we've seen so far. episode 8 has a lot to unpack from it. and throughout this video, I'm gonna be breaking down everything that you need to know about the last entry of the air as well as what we can take from the ending. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the episode yet, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you, but click in this video. now let's get into episode 8. the episode opens ominously with alpha telling Dante about her plan and how he must infiltrate the camp and gain their trust. it chronicles the characters journey and showcases how he was able to gain the friendship of the survivors pretending to be a victim of the apocalypse that just needed a place to stay. it perfectly recontextualizes the entire series and shows just how manipulative alpha really is. using her mole is a way to build paranoia in the camp, making everyone turn on one another. I think this is one of the best intros for the series so far, and it paints out just how much of a lie that the truce really was, with alpha massively manipulating those behind the scenes. Dante was the perfect killer, sneaking into the sick and diseased people's homes and killing them whilst they were at their most vulnerable. we learned that Lydia had never met Dante, so this is why she never identified him, and thus he was the best double agent that there could be. it's a chilling introduction that really shows just how good the series has become once more, and we catch up to the character in the present, with him just having strangled Siddiq. Rosita stops by and discovers Dante, who tries to stab her and cover up his crime. he didn't count on Siddiq coming back to life, though, and the recently reanimated corpse struts back into the house, almost going for his and Rosita's child, which forces her to kill him and then beat the crap out of Dante. Dante later gets interrogated and insists that he liked Sadiq and that he only killed him out of necessity. but Rosita can't shake off the fact that X did try and eat their baby. the line it's okay in natures, sometimes parents eat their young Daunte others in the episode, shows just how much he's lost his grip on humanity and that all the whisperers are like this and that they need to be taken down. juxtaposing this, he knows that the group still hold on to their humanity tightly, and that they will treat him like they tried negan. it really is a comment on society and how the tolerant often become victims to their good nature by letting those that don't share their morals get away with things that are deplorable. on the other side of the territory, Aaron meets with gamma and the to trade Intel. Aaron wants to know the workings of the whisperers, and gamma just want to know if their nephew is safe and sound. gamma is a really important figure in this episode, as she knows where the Horde is located, which we learn is apparently at a sunken field on the edge of the forest. the survivors realize that alpha now knows all of their plans operations and so on. and this has moved up the timeline of that counter-attack. Carroll reinforces that Lydia doesn't want to be found, and she has a real heart-to-heart with Darrel. on the way to Oceanside, we read John Judith, Michonne and a definite dead man walking Luke. I'm surprised he survives this episode as yeah, the guy gave a big farewell to everyone, like three episodes ago, and he's still around. so well done, pal. if at three or even four week wait between seeing them last time, like I can t remember when it was, it was that long ago, wasn't long enough for Michonne, she decides to take a side quest in order to get Judith a library book. I guess in this world they don't have Nintendo switches, so you just have to keep yourself occupied with what you can find. here, Luke is grabbed by walkers. and just as you think it's time for him to go and play the big hop in the sky, sheet music in hand, a mystery man pops up, saving him before vanishing an ocean side. he reappears, apparently trying to steal supplies, but he says he just wants to get home. paranoia is high, and there are suspicions that he may be a whisperer, especially as he's using a similar tactic as Dante did, didn't Phil trade? the group walkers start to walk her this way into the camp. so, sorry about that. terrible job. and he tries to escape, though his time on the run is a little shoo lived. we eventually learned that his name is Virgil, and he's from a naval base in Chesapeake Bay. and in exchange for his return home, Michonne wants guns and a Moe's from the base. and this hints at the fact going forward, they're gonna need them in order to take the Horde down. I know, I know, I say this every week, but surely the whisperers come in like [ __ ]. you can't keep dragging this out, right? look, ya'll alright, y'all, gonna do it on you. I'm glad Michonne is networking at least, because, as we see later, the group are gone and need all those guns they can't get. nevermind, there's a couple of action bits. and Eugene must have heard that Rosita was single and ready to mingle, and he pops up to save her, helping the character to push a Walker's wig back, literally. I really don't know if they're gonna give the Padawan his shot with Rosita, but hey, I guess the best way to get a girl is to just wait till everyone else dies. great work, Eugene. Gabe studies old videos of Dante like he's doing his own. heavy spoilers breakdown, and Rosita returns to see him for a shoulder to cry on, which Gabe rushes off, saying she needs to shut the hell up. it's clear that Dante is getting to them, making them doubt themselves. and though he was unearthed, I really don't think that the character failed in creating fractures, divisions and separation amongst the group. I'm just glad that no one says, don't you see? this is what Alfa wants, cuz, yeah, that that's getting a bit played out every time something bad happens. Gabe visits Dante in his cell asking if he's the world's best catfish. and he wants to know if anything that they've been told is the truth. did he really like comment and subscribe, or was he the one disliked? this entire time. I know it was you Dante. Gabe finally loses the humanity that he somehow managed to hold on to since his first appearance way back when. and the character completely loses it, killing Dante by stabbing him 9999 times. Gabe sort of highlights of the character that he actually had an opportunity for a second chance with the survivors, but he squandered it instead, choosing to stick with his first choice. and it's a great exchange between the two, even if there is a little bit of screaming at the end. now, what this does cement is that the survivors won't be holding back, and that they will be going after the whisperers using the same dirty tactics that they have used upon them. watching Gabe go crazy sums up the mind state of the camps. and no doubt, they have all been pushed to the edge, losing their humanity in order to fight the bigger threat in the forest. a group go looking for the Horde, and Carol and Daryl have the heart heart with Darrell saying that she never came back off the boat, that she's been like a ghost, a ghost in death, stranding available and PlayStation for now Carol is just destroyed by alpha, and she can't get over what she took from her. Darrell promises she's a dead woman. and eventually, the group arrived at the apparent Horde location and find the undead gone. Carol comes face to face with alpha for a rematch of their staring contest, and she chases after her along with the group, which leads her into a cave that yet. should have seen this one coming, guys. can't you shoot her or something? now, whether this was a play by alpha, and she told gamma to relay the information that would lead them face to face with the Horde, we don't know yet. but personally, I think it was all part of the master plan. alpha knows her own soldiers better than they know themselves. and even if gamma was sincere with this information, alpha was clearly planning on luring the scouts out, to lead them into a trap, just to give them what they wanted, a horde full of the undead. we realize you need to be careful what you wish for. as the group stand over them trapped in the cave, which is when we cut to black. now, going ahead, I believe that Lydia will be the one to come and rescue them. however, it won't be easy. a thing that she will have made her way back at the whisper camp, and no, she never entered it spot negan, who she will be confiding in. those who read the comic know that negan is, in fact, a sort of double agent himself, and he and Lydia will likely help to get them out the sticky situation. now we're gonna be spoiling the comic book from here on out, so if you don't want to know about the fate of our fur then I highly recommend that you turn off. now, if you're still here, thanks for sticking with us. but in the comics, negan is actually the one that kills alpha. and I was sure that this was going to happen before the mid-season finale. the fact that it hasn't makes me believe that we're going to go in a different route. and it will indeed be Carol that finally gets her claiming the top spot as the undefeated staring contest winner. a new thing that negan will still play a part, but it will be more about breaking the whisperers down from the inside, after letting it slip that Lydia is still alive. with Michonne bringing back an arsenal, the odds are gonna be even. and we may finally, finally get the whisper war before we head into the Commonwealth storyline. overall, I've had a lot of fun with this season. and no, it hasn't been perfect, it's still been a great course correction for the show and its many middling entries. this has been one of the best seasons yet, and I can't wait to see what happens when it returns next year. I will be slayed. love to hear your thoughts on The Walking Dead midseason finale and what you've thought of this half of the season, coming below, and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of the series so far, which would be linked at the end, if you go over everything you need to know about the season and give our predictions for where it's heading. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. we're also doing breakdowns of HBO's Watchmen, so if you want something else on the channel to follow, then that's the perfect series to head over to if you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey. will head over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with all the latest videos on the channel. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the marble phase 3, part 2, boxer on blu-ray, which contains Black Panther, infinity war and Game Captain Marvel and more. and all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on The Walking Dead in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of December, and the set will be shipped out from then to a baguette surprise. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. you. [Music]. you [Music] 