viewer on the exciting movies channel. today i will tell you about the movie. source code, everything's gonna be okay. captain colter stevens wakes up on the train to chicago, confusion in his head. he cannot understand how he ended up in this car. an unfamiliar girl is sitting opposite she calls him sean, and is surprised that he is behaving strangely. captain stevens tells her that he is not who she thinks he is, that he is a u.s air force helicopter pilot and that he is on a mission in afghanistan. the girl only laughs in response. she thinks her friend and colleague, sean, is just joking for colder stevens, the situation is even stranger. he sees in the reflection of the glass, not his own face, but the face of some other person. he gets scared, runs to the toilet to look in the mirror. a stranger stares at him from there. stevens rummages in his pockets, finds a wallet with a driver's license. they have the same man in the mirror, and his name is sean fantress. the stranger tries to calm him down, says that everything will be fine. at this moment, the train explodes. [Music]. captain colter stevens wakes up in a dark, multi-faceted capsule with seat belts fastened to one of the edges. strange and unfamiliar memories attack his brain. a woman's voice comes from somewhere above. the captain again cannot understand where he is. the last thing he remembers is the operation in afghanistan in which he participated. colter stevens looks at the source of the sounds. the monitor broadcasting a video from the military headquarters has a woman on it. she knows the captain, to save him from disorientation. a woman in a military uniform launches a special sequence of associations after them. captain stevens remembers her name goodwin. he asks her to connect him with his father. coulter wants to talk to him, but goodwin refuses. she asks to tell about the explosion and everything that happened on the train. when stevens cannot give details, she asks him to get back on the train and find the bomb. the captain thinks that he was pushed into a simulation. tries to argue, but goodwin returns him to the same carriage in the place of sean fantress. stevens is amazed at how well the virtual environment is, but there is no time to be surprised. he was given only eight minutes. the captain looks around, notes the details that distinguish each passenger, remembers from which side the explosion thundered last time. he realizes that the bomb is hidden in the toilet, runs there and searches the cramped booth. an explosive device is in the ventilation. he asks goodwin for a hint, but she doesn't answer. then stevens decides to introduce himself as a security officer and asks everyone in the car to turn off the electronic devices so he will exclude the activation of the fuse. because of this, a commotion begins on the train. coulter has to hit one of the passengers, but it doesn't help. another explosion throws him into the capsule where goodwin's face is again on the screen. stevens demands to call the chief in this assignment, the head of the operation. goodwin refuses. she informs the pilot that he has been with them for two months. asked to tell where the bomb was and whether he identified the terrorist. goodwin also says that people's lives depend on the actions of the captain, when he asks for at least something about the situation. goodwin, in consultation with doctor rutledgeam the leader of this mission, gives an explanation. she reports that a bomb went off near chicago this morning. all the passengers were killed. and we are talking about the train in which captain stevens is carried. goodwin also says that sean fantrace, whose body the colder wakes up in, died on the train. and if stevens doesn't find the terrorist, more explosions will occur. gathering his strength, coulter recalls that the bomb was hidden in the closet. goodwin asks him to return to the train and take a closer look at all the passengers, find those who behave suspiciously. perhaps one of them will turn out to be a terrorist. she stops stevens from arguing and loads him onto the train. [Music]. when he wakes up, he tries to figure out which of the passengers is dangerous. even asks for help from a stranger who calls him sean. but it turns out to be useless. along the way, coulter finds out that the girl's name is christina, and they are fellow teachers. then he notices an agitated and frightened man who gets out at the nearest station trying to save christina from a train that is about to explode. stevens, in a sudden impulse, kisses her and asks to go after him. they are in a hurry to see where the unusual passenger will go. leaving christina at the station, the coulter follows the man tries to prevent a terrorist attack, but he fails. a train explodes in the distance. he realizes that he was mistaken and chose the wrong person. stevens gets into a fight with the passenger. the captain falls onto the tracks where he is hit by a train and is transported to his capsule. [Music]. an eerie cold rains inside. stevens asks goodwin for help, but she is silent. she and dr ratligham are trying to fix the problem. coulter realizes that he is about to freeze. he takes matters into his own hands, tries to get the life support system back online, connects several wires and gets warmer inside the capsule. the captain restored the work of the monitor, but instead of goodwin on it, the face of dr ratledge appeared. stevens tells him that he tried to save the girl and wants to do the same trick with the rest. but ratlidge considers it pointless. he tries to explain to the captain how their technology, the source code, works. stevens is not loaded into the past, but into the version of reality that was preserved in the brain of sean fantras. and they do this for the sole purpose of the captain using the data in the memory of phantras to find the terrorist. moreover, all, these people are already dead. they died in the train that exploded this morning. when stevens realizes how important his mission is, he is loaded back with new instructions. coulter tries to steal the pistol that goodwin spoke of from the conductor's compartment. with his help, he planned to interrogate passengers, but he is grabbed and knocked out with a shock by the conductors. [Music]. it was too late. when the coulter woke up, he is handcuffed to the rail and christina is next to him. after a short conversation, the train explodes. once in the capsule, stevens again asks for permission to call his father. but goodwin doubts that this is a good idea. when coulter insists, she promises to try to tie him to his father. if the captain completes the mission, he is sent back to the train. stevens asks christina to find information about captain colter stevens on the internet, find out what happened to him. he himself goes to search suspicious passengers. the new tactic does not work. all he has achieved is to frighten the passengers. coulter asks the woman for a phone number to call. he finds out where the capsule in which he is being kept as in calls this institution. during the call, christina informs him that colter stevens died in afghanistan two months ago. something is happening. the picture of reality is shaking. other images appear through it. memories of where the culture is, sees his military colleagues due to a crash. stevens is transferred to his capsule. he tells goodwin that he learned about his death and asks to confirm it. she says that it is true that he died, but part of his brain remains active. and the capsule with monitors is just an illusion. it was drawn by the captain's brain so that the coulter could be somewhere while communicating with goodwin. realizing this, the captain is frightened. its capsule grows, increases in size. dr rutledge explains to him that everything he does takes place in another reality, but it also benefits from the reality in which the explosion has already occurred, and where the rutledge himself is. now, he says that stevens will have to die again and again on this train until he finds the terrorist. in return for this, rupledge promises that when stevens completes the task, he will let him die for real. dr ratlidge decides to take matters into his own hands. he thinks that the captain is too ceremonious. he loads him into sean's body many times, but the culture never finds the terrorist. in order to motivate the captain, ratlidge includes a recording of a conversation with his father, where he talks about his deceased son it works. waking up on the train, stevens finds a bomb and turns off the fuse. it turns out to be a cell phone. he calls from the fuse's phone. a man picks up the phone, and the coulter leaves the toilet to find the right person. he sees a passenger talking on the phone, takes him for a criminal and searches him with a pistol, but he was only talking to his wife. then stevens calls again, noticing the guy on the platform answering his cell phone. the captain follows him, but does not have time to get off the train before he leaves. stevens jumps out on the move. [Music]. christina notices this and asks to stop the lineup. coulter tracks down the unknown, finds his wallet and learns that his name is derrick frost. derek gets into the white van, but stevens doesn't let him leave. he reveals his cards, says that he knows who derek is. and he in turn shows that there is a new and larger bomb in the van. christina appears in the parking lot. she got off the train. coulter is distracted by her, giving derek frost a chance to escape. he shoots stevens, kills christina and calmly leaves to arrange another terrorist attack. the train, meanwhile, explodes again. coulter tells goodwin and ratlija the terrorist's name, his van number. he says he completed the mission and asks to be returned to the train before the body is disconnected from the life support system. he wants to save all the passengers, but the ratlidge refuses. derek's van is tracked. frost himself is arrested and the bomb is diffused. all project participants are celebrating. goodwin alone, sits in the workplace. stevens persuades her to load him onto the train again and shut off his body. when eight minutes have elapsed, goodwin agrees, i'm gonna save her. goodwin, once on the train, colter, stevens finds the bomb and disarms it by removing both fuses. then he stops derrick frost, the captain, handcuffs the terrorists to the handrail, says that his attacks will not come true. he calls the police from derek's phone, reports explosive devices and that the perpetrator is on the train. i am a sick and pathetic human being. after finishing off the terrorist, coulter sends an email from his phone to goodwin. then he calls his father, introducing himself to captain steven's co-workers. after a short conversation, he decides to spend the last moments of his life with dignity. makes one of the passengers, a tv comedian, make the whole car laugh. then he kisses christina, preparing to die. but nothing happens. coulter continues to live in sean's body at the base. goodwin sneaks into the room where what remains of captain steven's body is located. she locks herself in a room while the rattlage in the military try to break the lock. when the eight minutes are up, goodwin shuts down life support and the coulter dies. another good one from the reality in which stevens now finds himself. comes to work and receives a message from an unknown person. he introduces himself as captain colter stevens and says that their technology, the source code, made it possible to neutralize the terrorist. moreover, she created a parallel reality where goodwin is now. she doesn't believe. but then she hears people talking about a failed terrorist attack on the train. colter and christina are walking around chicago at this time. they are happy to be together. now stevens recognizes in their walk the moments that have already appeared in his memories after being unloaded into the capsules. subscribe and like if you like the video, the more reactions i see, the more often videos will come out. all good [Music]. you 