welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about the invisible guardian, palesia floral inspector. amaya salazar, a former fbi agent, lives in pamplona with her american husband, james. an artist, she returns to her hometown of bistan in navarre to investigate the murder of a young teen. thirteen-year-old anjo ali zasa ain hoa was found naked and posed in the woods, her face scrubbed clean of makeup and her hair neatly arranged, and a cake placed on her shaved pubis. amaya links this with the death six weeks earlier of carlawart, who was strangled with the same type of rope. and fears a serial killer may be at work. both bodies were covered with hairs from multiple animals. and oddity, as none of the bodies show marks from any animals, amaya and james move in with her aunt in gracie, who raised her for most of her life. she is greeted warmly by her sister, rozora, who is staying within gracie because of a fight with her husband, freddie. amaya's relationship is strained with her elder sister, flora, who with rosura now runs the family business, a commercial bakery. flora is divorced from her ex-husband, victor, and is resentful of amaya, who is trying to start a family. flora accuses amaya of abandoning their mentally ill and abusive mother, rosario, now in a nursing home, even though she had a pathological hatred for amaya. james is shocked to find out that rosario is not dead, as amaya claimed. amaya instructs police officer jonatha to look back 20 years for similar patterns and other events occurring in bistan. he connects several murders she believes could have been committed by the same killer. she believes she is looking for an older male who was likely sexually repressed in his youth, and who would be familiar to the girls, making it likely they would go willingly with him. the serial killer is dubbed elbasa one, lord of the woods, by the media, after a basque mythological creature. and grossi insists that the basal one is real and a protector of the forest, and that one saved in grazie's life when she was a girl by stopping her from falling into a cavern. another girl, ann arbizu, goes missing. amaya is convinced she sees anne outside her window late one night. but the next day, her body is discovered in the forest, her body arranged in the same ritualized manner, dead for 24 hours. amaya discovers anne was having an affair with an older, married man, amaya's brother-in-law, freddie. freddie attempts suicide because of his anguish, but after exonerating him, amaya does not reveal the affair to the police. the cake placed on the bodies as local texan texagory cake. flora states that it is of the highest quality, meaning it could come from only a handful of bakeries. when amaya requests a sample of the flower for analysis, flora gives her different flower than the bakery uses. flora is arrested for obstruction, but insists she was merely taking precautions, as workers frequently take home. the lab also matches the flower from the cakes to the flower in rosaria's home, which she takes from the bakery. but amaya does not reveal this either. another young girl disappears, but amaya is removed from the case. after her captain discovers her secrecy, detective montes replaces her, even though amaya suspects him of having a personal relationship with flora. aloysius dupree, an fbi friend, encourages her to remove herself from the case and look at it in its entirety. amaya thinks back to her childhood when rosario, in a psychotic rage, attempted to murder her at the bakery, at which point amaya was taken to live within gracie. amaya goes to visit rosario, who calls amaya a [ __ ] and attempts to bite her. she learns that rosario, now restrained, had attacked a nurse and bitten her while calling her amaya, and that her brother-in-law visits rosario weekly. amaya and jonan drive to victor's house, but jonah arrives first and finds it empty. while amaya flips her car into a ravine during a thunderstorm on her way to the house, she wakes up on the ground away from her car, and sees a large, hairy creature in the distance and follows him. the pursuit leads her to an abandoned house where she is attacked by victor. when she confronts him about the murders, he admits it was his doing so that he could cleanse the valley of the filth. amaya stabs him with pair of scissors and runs to free the missing girl whom he has chained up. victor follows, and just as he is about to kill amaya, flora shoots him. several weeks later, flora's book, which she dedicated to her mother, has been published. while amaya and james reveal to rosaria and dengraasi that they are expecting a child together. from a distance, a large, hairy creature looks over the valley before going back into the forest. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. 