i love you. tell the boys i love them, and i love the boys too. so the show is back to give us that friday feeling. and the latest episode has an absolutely insane amount of easter eggs in it. throughout this video, we're going to be going through the entire thing and breaking it all down. so if you want to know the ins and outs as well as our theories, then this is the video for you. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check out the latest entry yet, then i highly recommend that you turn off now. we will be covering some of the plot points from the comics, so it's probably best to just dive out the video if you feel like something could be ruined. if you're still here, thank you for clicking this. as always, this is the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul. now let's get into the boys. okay. so we opened eight years ago with frenchie in his apartment with his friend cherie and jay. sheree has been popping in and out throughout the season, and we learn why they sort of have a strained relationship as frenchie has to basically choose between his duty or his friends. at one point we see frenchie develop a xanax filled gas canister, which he uses to rob a bank with. and not long after, he's picked up by the cia, namely colonel mallory. in this episode, we start to learn minor elements about her past and get more information on the death of her grandchildren, which happened at the hands of lamplighter in the first season. we discover that this made her move to the country. and the character comes face to face with him at the end of the episode, which we'll get into in just a bit. we then jump to the present where frenchie is cutting out the tracking device from annie's neck. i kinda got a lot of suicide squad vibes from this. and with it removed, she's now able to go incognito. there's a hilarious running gag throughout the entry in which ashley keeps asking where she is. and this being taken out of her allows her to go to the sage grove hospital, which is a medical facility designed specifically for fine-tuning compound b. what you really care about though is the two lovebirds and how we left them last time. the first time we see homelander in stormfront, they're apprehending a criminal in a back alley. they end up crushing his skull. and i love how they complain about cell phones stopping them doing their job. last week, homelander was, of course, caught on camera killing an innocent bystander, and this ruined his reputation. he clearly doesn't care about it though, and he's happy just continuing how he has been. stormfront and homelander get it on and even smear their victims blood in their mouth as they kiss. i actually think that this is a minor nod to the comics in which huey went down on annie at one point and ended up getting blood around his mouth. maybe maybe that's a reach. anyway, throughout stormfront and homelander really developed their relationship, and we actually finally learned the truth about her. for weeks now, we've been theorizing that she was created in germany by frederick ward after he experimented on humans. we initially thought that her mother might have been a jewish civilian that was taken into one of the camps. however, we discovered that stormfront was actually married to vort and that she was in deep with the german forces in the comics. vort was their top scientist, and he created compound v with vogelbaum. during the war, they defected and fled to america, which is where they continued their work. stormfront was actually the first person to ever successfully take to v and after arriving in the us, she started to masquerade as the hero liberty, before going into hiding because of the murder that she carried out in the 70s. i always kind of wondered why liberty was allowed to lie low and then return years later. but it becomes clear that due to her marriage to vote, that she could pretty much do whatever she wanted to. the villains in this world either tend to have superpowers or corporate ones. but with stormfront having both, she's definitely not someone to be reckoned with. it seems that in her time out of the spotlight, she raised a daughter named chloe, which is the woman that we saw in the photograph last week. i was so glad that came true, because we finally got a theory right. there were certain clues that gave away her german descent, such as the name adele, which is actually german. and i think this might be stonefront's real name. i was not expecting it to go this deep, though, and it gets pretty crazy just how embedded she was with fort and the reich. we learned that stormfront has been running the sage grove hospital in order to refine compound v, so that she can build an army of supermen through this subsidiary of wart. i believe that she wants to make it seem that the super terrorist threat is so severe that the public will willingly hand over power to her in the seven this will allow her to take over the world, and thus she can remake it in her image. hitler, of course, wanted to create his own master race, and i actually have a theory that stormfront wishes to do the same thing with her and homeland. as child, homelander is a blonde head, blue-eyed superman, and his aryan features would be highly desired by stormfront, who would have been brought up to believe that this was the height of humanity. i think that her end goal is to become pregnant with his kid, so that she has a new suit weapon that embodies her beliefs. through vote surveillance of the character and ryan, she likely knows that homelander won't kill someone that's attached to his child. and thus, even if he did turn against her, he would likely allow her to live because she's looking after their offspring. this is, of course, similar to becca. i think that there are little clues here and there that tease how everything's gonna go. it's the only reason i can think why she would let him almost choke her and still continue to get close to him. but yeah, love does work in mysterious ways. now, we also learned that when v is injected into infants, it often works, but when it's injected into adults, it's pretty much potluck. stormfront wants to stabilize it so that anytime you inject it into an adult, you get a solid result. and i think this teases two things. now, in the comics, the boys themselves used v to fight the supes, and it is likely that the further we get into the series, they will be calling upon this to aid them in their fight. secondly, it also explains why stormfront doesn't age. as we know, homelander was injected as a baby, and he aged normally. however, stormfront has remained at the same age. and it is possible that because she was injected with it as an adult, she has not grown at all. those are our main theories, anyway, so make sure you drop them below if you have any others. now, thematically, this episode is about the past and the secrets of it being brought to the forefront. this is not only shown in stormfront, but also frenchy, lamplighter and most of the major characters in the entry. there's a hilarious bit when homelander wants to show stormfront some flowers that he's brought for her, but she says she has to go to vault tower for 20 minutes. he'll last far longer. and he gets tired of waiting and sets the trailer alight. which this at least he didn't crush anyone's head this time, i suppose. now, he once more becomes my favorite character. and watching him say that he needs to practice lines with black noir is extra hilarious to me, especially because we know that the characters are mute. and he sees the boys lair for the first time, and she doesn't exactly get the warmest of welcomes from billy, who has to tackle with the fact that she's a soup, something that he's come to hate over the past decade. also, starlight, don't you just light up a room. nice pun there. now, billy even puts her in his scopes at one point. i think that him being accepting of annie in this episode does tease that down the line, he might be more open to working with the supes to take down the corporation. huey also wears a billy joel t-shirt with his album cover from the stranger on it. i think there's been a dual easter egg in almost every episode so far, and it's nice that they keep up the tradition with this little nod. after learning about the hospital last week, annie gives the boys the location, and they investigate it to find out what's going on. we cut to maeve. i love how they've already made a brave made pride bar. i think this is really speaking to how corporations and politicians will proudly support rainbow flags on their apps and profile pictures in order to make it seem like they support the gay community, then they'll turn around and vote down their right to marriage. it's visual signaling at its finest. and maeve just seems completely deflated. however, a ray of hope comes in with the deep, who, through some halibut, has found a camera that was on board the plane from the first season. although it was hilarious out the deep, had to put some feelers out into the ocean. and again, it feels like the show is riffing on justice league, as batman suggested that to aquaman in the film. the plane crash was obviously one of the most shocking scenes in the first season, and its exposure would, of course, bring homelanders image completely crashing down. i actually think that maeve will take this footage to homelander and attempt to blackmail him in order to escape the seven. she even says that she could release it to cnn if he doesn't agree with her. and it's hinting at what's ahead. now, if you don't want anything from the comics ruined, then i recommend that you skip ahead about 40 seconds, as we will be discussing one of the big plot elements involving maeve. in the comics, maeve actually ended up turning against homelander, and she bugged the seven's headquarters so that the boys could spy on them. maeve met her demise after she tried to kill him. with a sword. however, as this was just a prop it didn't work, and homelander killed her. i do think that something similar will likely happen with her in the show. and she's gone on a really interesting arc throughout the series that, sadly, can only really go one way. now, on the set of the seven, the deep bumps into a train, and he sympathizes with him being kicked out of the group. two, he's clearly trying to recruit him to the church of the collective, and even offers him a can of fresca. if you checked out our last video, then you'll know we think that this is drugged and it's used by the church to sedate people and get them to be more suggestible so that they can recruit them. we actually see the church's leader, alistar adana once more later in the episode, and he's even serving it for dinner. whenever the case is, though, they are clearly riffing on scientology. the church is often criticized for recruiting high-caliber celebrities. and the collective seems to go after disgraced soups. a train even mentioned seeing the documentary about them, which does seem to be a nod to the one about scientology. the church knows the ins and outs of a train's life. and with stormfront being a member at one point, it does seem like they're also part of war ii. alistar also mentioned shockwave becoming the next a-train, and that war are allowed to do this because it's a trademark. i think this is a little nod to comic books in general, which often have sidekick mantles passed on from character to character. i mean, i mean, there's, there's been about seven robins at this point. now, alistair promises to get a train back into the seven, but clearly he's gonna have to do something. we then jump to the sage grove center. and i love how kimiko has a little bossy knuckle duster. she clearly is a boss too, as she refuses to pretend to be the patient on a stretcher, so frenchie has to do it instead. the hospital is absolutely packed with easter eggs, and there are a couple of patients in it that pull directly from the comics. now, firstly is love sausage and mother's milk actually calls him this. and in the source material, that's also the guy's moniker, the russian soup. first appears in the first volume of the comics. and he gets his name for his his, well, you know what it is. now, he even chokes mother's milk out at one point. and i bet it's not the first person to have choked on that one either, huh? you're having that. there's also a miniature character that could be riffing on ant-man as well. i don't know if it's just the bad picture quality that i had, but i think his skin actually made him look a lot like jack from jupiter. but, yeah, let me know if i'm wrong, i'll have re-watched the episode by now properly. but yeah, these early screeners to send you 480p most the time. now, it's here that they see lamplighter for the first time. and he's a far cry from the comics. in the original work, the first time that we encounter him, he's actually a zombie. turns out that compound b fires up your brain even in death. and after a supers killed vort tend to still use them for br to make it seem like they're okay, before fully retiring them. landlighter is someone that's gone through this process. and he's unveiled in a pretty horrendous state, crawling around in his own feces and mumbling about his fire. it's really messed up. and who knows, they might even end up going the same way with this version down the line. i did actually think that he might be a patient, but it turns out that he's just one of the staff. he also has no qualms about killing those that come in. and we learned that one of the patients was suicidal. so it does seem that vaude has set this up as a psychiatric hospital in order to get access to subjects. the casting of sean ashmore is inspired, as he was, of course, iceman in the x-men movies, but they've kind of switched it up here to make him more in line with pyro frenchie and coast stuff, this stretchy with hard drives. but when frenchie and lamplighter come face to face, things go to hell, with the patience being set free. i don't know why cindy just didn't crush the door and escape anyway, but she's clearly gonna become a wild card at some point in the series. now, due to the devastation that cindy leaves behind. i think it becomes clear that she was the character that killed rainer. she explodes several heads, and it's likely that stormfront has been sedating her and then bringing her out for missions. she's completely overpowered, and it looks like she's gonna easily take out anyone that she comes across. to make matters worse, one of the escape patients comes across billy and co outside, and he freaks out badly injuring huey. this leaves frenchie, mother's milk and chemical caught out with no cover. they have to navigate through the hospital. lamplighter and the group end up working together in this entry, and we also learn about his and frenchy shared past. now i think that this was written kind of weirdly, and i've even spoken to people who've also seen the episode and didn't really know what was going on. it's a bit difficult to follow at first. but the way that i took it was that the cia had blackmail material on lamplight air that they would release to the public unless he helped them spy on vote. lamplighter didn't go through with this, and frenchy tailed him before getting the call about his friend jay's overdose. he fled to help him out. and in this time, lamplighter went to mallory's house where he mistakenly killed her grandchildren. it seems that lamplighter had a guilty conscience over this, and he relocated out of the spotlight and joined the hospital to burn the evidence left behind by boat. again, if i'm wrong, my bad, but it does feel a bit all over the place. now, billy annie and huey attempt to commandeer a passerby's vehicle, and he pulls a gun on them, which makes starlight zap him. she sucks the power from his car to cauterize huey's wound, and they flee to a hospital. frenchy makes a knockout canister, like how he witnessed in the opening, but cindy quickly disposes of it. luckily, they're saved by stormfront, who's returned to see what's going on at the hospital. they sneak out, and frenchie apologizes to kimako for trying to save her, even though she never asked for it. it's good to see them actually on speaking terms again. well, not speaking terms, but you know what we mean. and mallory arrives to see lamplighter. now clearly they're gonna be using him to spy on the seven, like how he should have done in the first place. our first look at the character in the marketing material for the show showed him at the seven's headquarters. so it does look like he will be going back there and collecting intel on them. in the comics, we learned that mallory actually shot lamplighter before the events of the first graphic novel, and this is the person who left him in a zombie-like state. i love that they kind of tease that here, but i i do think they're going in a different direction. i think it's going to be great that they've got another soup in their ranks. and it's really going to be interesting to see whether they make his character follow the comics or not. at stonefront's room, we also see that there's scaffolding in after she and homeland are completely wrecked it last week. and it's here that she reveals the truth about her past. she offers homelander the position of being leader of her new world. though as i said, i think something else will be going on here. the episode ends with cindy hitchhiking and she gets into a car. now, what could be happening next week? well, with cindy's release, it also brings exposure to what vorde have been doing. she pretty much represents their dirty little secret, and her getting out blows everything out in the open. to make matters worse, she's also extremely powerful, and though stormfront has attacked her, she survived, showing that the most powerful soup in the seven still has difficulty taking her down. actually thinking that she's heading to vault right now and will be trying to take the company out. however, the seven will win. and such a large-scale attack will give them the ability to promote the supervillain problem even more. stormfront will be able to state that they really need to bring in more supes to protect the public. and this attack will enable her to slowly start to build her army. anyway, that closes out the episode. and as always, i'd love to hear your thoughts on it. so comment below and let me know if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our other breakdowns in the series, which are gonna be linked at the end. don't forget. we're also giving away a free copy of the christopher nolan collection. and all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and drop a bloody comment below. the win is going to be chosen at random on september the 30th, so make sure you get involved. if you're going to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the joy button below. you can also come chat to us on the discord server linked in the description, or, heavy spoilers, on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you being the best i've been definition. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 