[Music]. Veronica is a Spanish horror movie directed by Paco Plaza, set in June 1991. it tells the story of a haunting and possession brought on by the use of an a Ouija board during an eclipse. throughout the movie, there are several callbacks to the real-life case in which the movie is an adaptation of, such as key dates and a police report. in this video, I will be discussing some of the true light events that inspired the movie, as well as explaining what I take its ending to mean. the movie opens with our protagonist, Veronica, using a Ouija board in an attempt to summon her deceased father. the ritual is interrupted mid seance and therefore unable to be completed, which allows a demon to remain in the living world. throughout the film, this spirit haunts Veronica and taunt her family to no end. realizing that she must banish the demon, veronica reenacts the original ritual, and when things go wrong, she is murdered by the monster. the police arrive on the scene to witness the devastation, and thus the famous police report is created. while certain events have been adapted, the police report Israel and several scans are available online to be read in their full gory detail, known as the Velasquez case by spanish-language paranormal sites, the real story differs slightly from the fictional film. the case takes its name from the madrid neighborhood where a young woman, estefania Gutierrez Lazaro, rather than Veronica, reportedly performed a seance at school. this, similar to the movie, the girl was attempting to reach out to one of her friends, boyfriends, that had recently passed away during a motorcycle accident. a nun brokerage aboard, ending or interrupting the ritual. but the group that participated described seeing a strange smoke going up through estefania's mouth and nose. following this, estefania would sometimes go into a rage, barking at her brothers. she would also reportedly tell her Aaron said she saw evil shadows walking past her room at night. worried, sick, her parents took their daughter to see several doctors, but none of them could find anything physically wrong with her. estefania died, but not at home battling a demon. instead, she passed away in a Madrid Hospital in August 1991. the police report doesn't really have much to do with her estefania's family didn't get them involved until more than a year after her death. they did, however, report hearing a loud noise coming from an empty porch. the door of a perfectly closed armoire opened in a sudden and totally unnatural way, and a crucified Jesus separated from his cross. the later ghost encounters would receive a slurry of multiple witnesses. the actual basis for the plot of Veronica is little more than an anecdote. though the facts of the case aren't quite as spectacular as the events in Veronica. the police report contains evocative descriptions, calling it a situation of mystery and rarity. the events were witnessed by three officers and the chief inspector of the National Police. so this goes a long way in explaining why the velasca case continues to enjoy so much attention in Spain. while the ending of Veronica is very clear in the young girl's death, the meaning behind it is completely open to interpretation. personally, I view veronica as a willing participant in her suicide, realizing that the demon would not leave her or her family, alone until it got what it wanted, she sacrifices herself in a bid to rid those she cares about from its presence. Veronica had a very unstable life. she was practically the sole carer for her three brothers and sisters, due to the fact that her mother was so absent in their life because of the long hours she were the death of her father must have had a huge impact on the girl, especially because it happened at such a young age. and the longing to be reunited with him may have pushed her final act. in the movie, we see that daemon finally claimed her in the film's climax, but as she had already severed a main vein the possession will likely only be that of a cadaver, meaning that the monster was enabled to go and inflict pain on others, as it had been doing earlier in the film with things like the hot tap and strangulation. this is a courageous move by the girl, and we can take some solace in the fact that we see a photo reassemble in movies closing shop, symbolizing that she has been made whole again, and perhaps has been reunited with her father once more. in the next life. Veronica is a brilliant foreign movie that we are very lucky to have on Netflix. if you haven't seen the film, then I definitely recommend that you check it out. well, it's not perfect. there is still a lot to enjoy, and the horror fans will find plenty to love. thanks very much for taking the time out to watch this video. I would really appreciate it if you subscribe to my channel, as I create videos like this weekly, and I'm sure you'll find something on here that you'll love. if you're interested in more of my videos, and please check out my recent explanation of the Cloverfield paradox, which is linked on my channel. thanks very much for watching my video, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 