Liss and as always, I don't think these awards too seriously. we aren't on the Hollywood Foreign Press is just awarding the best campaign of brunches that they got. but let's be honest, they're just, they're fun to laugh at, especially when nobody wants Ricky to be there. in a little while, we're gonna see a short clip from the Irishman. it's eight minutes long. let me explain. now, compared to last year's broadcast, I think this one was better. each one of these can technically be logged in an IMDB. and as a live production, I thought it started off strong before Hakeem blamed everything on society. maybe lead up the awards in a way, no one could really be upset between 1917 and once upon a time. I'm still siding with Tarantino taking home his first Best Picture in February. but overall, I thought the speeches were really good. stellen raised eyebrows. Patricia reminded us that we're all going to die again. and television actress Jennifer Aniston, who worked a decade plus transitioning into movies, proved worthy of her 2019 television Globe nomination as she read lines for Russell Crowe. but honestly, I loved Rama's speech because, you know, I've been recommending that show in terms of TV. I gotta catch up on succession. I hate that Reese, Jodie and Nicole had to hear but they had to hear it. the Best Actress category was stacked. I highly recommend every single one of these shows. and I still don't know how Netflix managed to get the politician nominated. I mean, I know, Billy, I can't believe it. but in the end, it didn't really matter, because Phoebe did her thing. and wouldn't you know, when they see us. the Best Foreign Film category was also incredible. I highly recommend watching every single one of these. they have each made my personal top films list for 2019. and I would have been happy if any single one of these was called, but after hearing parasite, I did. Tarantino took home Best Screenplay, and rightfully so. but again, I think anyone in this category was worthy of it as well, and maybe, ironically, would have given a better speech. you don't share this with somebody else. you write it by yourself. I did it. in terms of the special Awards, I felt bad for Charlie's having to present Tom Hanks's honorary award after Kate McKinnon gave Ellen hers. because tink killed it. she she had me bawling with her speech. I highly recommend you take the time to listen to it as well as Ellen's bit, because it was very heartfelt and highlighted the risk that she took in order for others like McKinnon herself to be where they are today. then James Bond came out looking like the colonel, and everyone on Twitter wanted a piece haier the beer. thank you. today, the biggest surprise of the night came from the animated category, because that's exactly how the missing link filmmakers were acting. Hildur won for her score in Joker, and rightfully so. but I think she deserves more awards and recognition for her Chernobyl score, one that she also did this past year. when it came to the big acting categories, from supporting to leads, they couldn't find a net betting. but Laura Dern one who I was really rooting for, even though in her speech she said marriage story was about climate change. by the end, I don't know. Brad Pitt also won. and this man is 53. was really happy for Aquafina winning and seeing how she's gone from her MTV days at the beginning of the decade to winning Awards, which is super dope. half of Phoenix's speech was censored, kinda like his movie. and Renee, Renee was out here, I think, still playing Judy. thank you. by the end of this three hour broadcast, 19:17 ended up taking home the big awards for Best Director and Best Picture, just in time for its release, which it can't even be seen in the format it was shot in cuz Star Wars is taking up all of the IMAX theaters, and Star Wars wasn't even shot in IMAX. thank you guys for watching this video, and I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. but it's crazy to see the stats from like 2010 and seeing what a studios and what like networks are being nominated. dude, it is just streaming now. it is nothing, but it is only a matter of time. so these bad boys are streamed on YouTube, to be honest with you. YouTube's already got the World Series. so it's crazy to think, but I thought it was a decent Awards Show. again, everything that's missing, we know it's because it probably didn't have a campaign to fight for it. so that's why we all like making our own personal top tens and top lists. but these are the ones that are televised. I think it's always funny to make fun of them and cover them. and I do like when people like Aquafina are able to win awards. and hopefully people are listening to the foreign broadcasts or the foreign nominations, and hopefully they tune into those. so I'm curious to know your thoughts on this. let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. we're gonna see what the Oscars have. I'm still sticking to if they don't don't nominate my girl, I don't really care to cover them. but other than that, I'm curious to know your thoughts. good here this year. we'll see what happens next. one don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, or ricky gervais will narrate your life. 