Oh, we spoil a show. as always, I'm your host, definition and it looks like some major elements of Star Wars the rise of Skywalker have made their way to the light side of the Internet, with huge details emerging on the film's plot. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the leaks and giving my thoughts on them. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything about the movie, then I highly recommend that you turn off. now, leaks like this should always be taken with a pinch of salt, but these seem to line up with other leaks that have made their way to the net so far from industry insiders. so there's potentially a lot here that could be in the final film. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for quick in this video. now let's get into my breakdown of the rise of Skywalker. okay, so the film reportedly takes place one year after the last Jedi. due to the small scale of the rebellion. after the events of the last film, the last order have managed to conquer the galaxy. the majority of the opening takes place mostly from that perspective. but there's been some huge change ups. Hux has been replaced by Allegiant general pride, played by Richard Lee grant, and has been leaking information to the resistance in hopes that they kill kylo and allow him to retake control. kylo is torn between the dark and the light side, and still harbors feelings for Rey. the Knights of Ren returned from an expedition to the Unknown Regions to inform kylo about a secret arsenal of super weapons built by Palpatine. kylo and the Knights of Ren begin searching for the wayfinder, a device required to locate the Arsenal. back with the resistance, we see that they have all discovered their plan, and the group all head out to try and find the wayfinder first. Rose is now a high-ranking resistance commander answering directly to Leia, and stays behind to coordinate them from the base. the wayfinders coordinates are in c-3po is old memory unit in an abandoned Imperial blockade in a jungle world. here the heroes befriend the warrior Jana, played by Naomi Aki, and her people. after retrieving it, the heroes go to a decommissioned droid factory in a snow world to unlock it, where they are ambushed by the first order and rescued by bounty under zouri bliss, played by Carrie Russell, and her droid d0. during the battle, the memory unit of a command droid is uploaded into c-3po, causing him to develop an aggressive personality and take Chuy's bowcaster for himself. this kind of sounds a bit weird to me. I'm not sure how legitimate it is, and it's one of the main points of contention on the Internet at the moment. it may not be a massive plot point, but it's at this part of the leaks that they start to really take atone for the worse. from here, kylo meets an Oracle who directs him to the wayfinders location in a desert world. rey and her friends also learn about it from c-3po s memories. and ray and kylo meet and fight in the desert world while the Knights of Ren battle Finn pochi II. and the droids. Rey and kylo still share a false bond, which causes them to experience force flashes of past events as they bite kylo in the Knights of Ren retrieved the wayfinder and returned to the ruins of the Death Star in the jungle world to unlock the Arsenal's location. the resistance follows him, but they are ambushed by the first order and nearly defeated, before a local alien cloud helps them escape. again, this is another example of bad writing in the leaks, as it seems like every situation the resistance are pulled out of by a newly introduced character who just appears out of the blue, which I personally think isn't that good, right? from here, Finn recruits Jana and her people as reinforcements to battle the first order, while Rey conference kylo. now this is where the leaks really take a huge turn, and it's probably the most controversial part of the script, as it deals with the return of Palpatine. Rey and kylo learn that the wayfinder actually contains Palpatine spirit, and it's revealed that the Knights of Ren are actually liked him and manipulated kylo into freeing him. Palpatine possesses one of the Knights, played by Matt Smith, and announces his plans to seize control of the first order and use the Arsenal to subjugate the galaxy. he also reveals that he was behind Snoke. so yeah, a lot of retconning here. we knew that JJ Abrams wasn't too happy with the way that his characters had been handled in the last Jedi, and this is sort of getting stuff back on track. well, I can see why people are complaining. I think it works okay as a way to bring Palpatine back, and it's probably better than the clone stuff that was rumored. however, it does bring up the question, should Palpatine even return? to me, it kind of seems like backpedaling and sort of retro actively ruins the end of Return of the Jedi, as the character didn't actually die. so it really negates what was one of the most triumphant moments of the series. and now Palpatine has always been the big bad of the saga, from chronologically, the Phantom Menace all the way up to this. so I can see why they did it, though for me, it just doesn't really work. the film then sort of delivers call back at the callback, as Luke Skywalker and Han Solo appear as force ghosts and encourage kylo to accept the light kylo then joins forces with Rey to stop Palpatine. Rey and kylo defeat Palpatine, but he then possesses kylo. kylo urges right to kill him, and she reluctantly does. and Palpatine is unable to possess Rey and is destroyed for the last time. the first order is defeated, and Palpatine's arsenal is destroyed. ramon's kylo, and luke's force ghost appears and he resurrects him. if this is true, then, yeah, it just doesn't work for me. I think kylo really should have a big sacrifice and not be resurrected by a force ghost, because why has Luke not done this with other characters? it just doesn't make sense, basically. and it's very head-scratching. the film is then rumored to end with the sunset, and there were additional comments left in the notes that discuss a lot for the other casting announcements. apparently Lando doesn't do that much and isn't really integral to the plot. he's just there with the heroes occasionally piloting things, but that's about it. the final battle will also apparently take place on the jungle planet, with a Sith fleet there to fight. they also said that the Death Star remains will make it to the final battle, and Rey and kylo will use force flash fights against Palpatine. and that's the entire plot. honestly, it sounds a little basic to me, like some fanfiction rather than the culmination of the trilogy that Abrams had started out a couple of years ago. and now a lot of it will have to be a course correction for the last Jedi. but the whole plot of we have to go somewhere to get a weapon before the bad guy gets there, it just sounds a bit like Leicester to me. there's not really much here that grabbed my attention. and the spirit thing seems like a really weak way to bring Palpatine back. I'm a great believer of when a character is dead, that they're dead. and whilst we have had force ghosts in the past, they've never been able to possess people. and this seems like a bit of a weak way to add tension and bring characters back. overall, I'm hoping that this leak isn't true. as if it's not, then I really don't know if I'll feel all that happy with the trilogy as a whole. I thought the force awakens was quite poor and just retreading a lot about ground the last Jedi was, well, the last Jedi. and this seems like another Middle East script that Disney are putting out just to make as much money as possible from the property. I've been really disappointed overall with the way that they've handled the series since taking over it. and it just seems like they're trying to replicate the success of the MCU, without understanding that the Marvel movies can do that because they have a rich amount of characters that can be brought into things, whereas Star Wars tends to have a solid cast, but ones that can't really be brought back year after year after year and overexposed, because then they lose their magic. this reeks of ham-fisted plot devices and underdevelopment in terms of character. Carlo becoming good just because he was betrayed seems stupid. and it comes across like he only really turned back to the light because he was peer pressured into it by Han and Luke, and also realized that there wasn't really much choice, rather than him coming to the conclusion on his own, which to me, devalues the character quite a lot. his sacrifice seems rather cliche and doesn't really make him that endearing of a character to me. now, a lot of people are saying that this is awful, if true. and while I don't think it's out-and-out horrendous, there's still so much wasted potential here that could have led to a far better film. this doesn't reach any of the heights from Return of the Jedi or even Revenge of the Sith, and it massively falls short for me. I know they had to finish the trilogy, but it seems kind of a poor way to say goodbye to the characters, if it's the case, and I really hope that it's not, because the force is not strong with this one. look, I'm sorry. yeah, that's one of the most overused jokes on the internet. yeah. and I'm sorry for ending the video like that. I'm really sorry. anyway, and of course, love to hear your thoughts on this plot, liek, what you think of it? are you excited or disappointed? and it's Star Wars done for you? if this makes it to the big screen, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of the real killers behind season 2 of mind hunter, which would be linked at the end. you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, and can follow me on Twitter definition YT. it's the best way to get in touch with me and is the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see over there after this. also, just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of John with Korean blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the star wars leaks in the comments section below. the winner will be chosen at random on September the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from them to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 