[Music], hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2015 horror comedy film goosebumps. so let's get started. 16 year old Zack Cooper and his mother moved from New York to the town of Madison. Zach befriends a neighbor, Hannah, and meets her father, mr. shivers. Zach also becomes friends with champ. Hannah take Zach off on an adventure one night, and they are discovered by mr. shivers, who warned Zach to stay away. later. Zach, here's mr. shivers and Hannah arguing, leading to Zach breaking into the house with champs health. they wander into the study where they find numerous goosebump manuscripts all locked up. Zach unlocks one of the books, but when Hannah discovers them, Zach drops it and releases that monster snowman. they pursue the monster, and luckily, mr. shivers appears and imprisons it back in the book. on the way home, mr. shivers reveals that he is the goosebump author, RL Stein. Stein explains how he created the stories as a child to terrorize people that made fun of him. but the monsters came to life and became uncontrollable, so he trapped them in the manuscripts. at home, they find an angered dummy named slappy, who burns his own manuscript and flees with all the books, released for all the other monsters. and chaos ensues. Zach and flora Stein to write a new book that they can trap every monster, but he can only do so with a supernatural typewriter on display at the high school. on the way there, Zach notices that Hannah glows blue under moonlight, and questions Stein about whether Hannah knows that she's another character. sign reveals that she is a character and how he created her to cope with his loneliness. Hannah appears, telling him that they found the typewriter. Stein starts writing a new story based on the events around them, while slappy releases the rest the goosebump monsters. slappy confront Stein, breaking his fingers with the typewriter case. before the story is finished, a plan is created to have the monsters chase a school bus that will explode, temporarily destroying the monsters to give the group more time to escape. Zach continues to type the story for Stein, who is devoured by a monster ball. Zach finishes the story, but is reluctant to open the book because Hanna will be sucked inside, revealing she knew the truth about herself all along. Hanna opens the book, sucking his slappy and all the other monsters into it, bidding farewell to Zach with a kiss before she is sucked in. months later, Stein reveals that he wrote Hanna back into existence with one more book and burns her manuscript, making her permanently real. much to his horror, Stein witnesses the typewriter writing a new goosebumps book titled The Invisible Boys revenge. so that's the spoilers for goosebumps. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our Instagram for monthly giveaways, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 