apostle is a 2018 Netflix original horror movie set on the island of Ariston. the movie follows Thomas Richardson as he attempts to rescue his sister from a mysterious cult. there's a lot to unpack from the film, and throughout this video, I'll be discussing the movie in full detail. there will be heavy spoilers, so it may be worth skipping this for now if you want to go into the film with fresh eyes. with that out the way, I'm definition, and I ruin the movie so you don't have to buy Apostles. ending. Thomas Richardson has been through a lot. after infiltrating the mysterious call that inhabits the island, he discovers that they worship a deity known as her. we discovered that the Islanders only kidnapped Thomas's sister so that they could get the ransom money in exchange for her life. as the crops on the island are beginning to fail, Malcolm, who is the cult leader, discovers that under her the crops have been failing, and tries to feed her blood. he is also angered by the fact that her shows herself to Thomas, even though she was meant to be for his eyes only. it's revealed that Malcolm and father Quinn were in fact the ones who found her, and after witnessing what she could do, decided to exploit her abilities on the island. they have kept her prisoner and fed her blood in order to make the crops thrive. quinn boasts at the film's end that her was a machine, not a god, and that he has been using her purely for selfish reasons. he goes on a rampage and turns against everyone, even attempting to feed thomas to her in order to make the island thrive once more. this is because her needed flesh and not just blood. Malcolm had been trying to abstain from feeding her human flesh, but in doing so, had forced the island to starve, as it is not nutritious enough for the crops to grow from blood. this surprises everyone, however, by going over to Thomas and saying, free me, my child. Thomas burns her, and this fire quickly spreads to the rest of the community. Thomas managed to escort his sister and another Islander, but is stabbed during the escape by Quinn and lays down to die Malcolm joins him as they watched the survivors flee. and we are hit with the realization that Thomas's blood is nourishing the crops and causing them to grow. he has replaced her. to me, this piece works as a metaphor for how the human race is affecting the planet. her axes of metaphor for Mother Nature, in the way that if we feed and water her, she grows. however, if we look at it with the mentality that Quinn had, where the planet is a machine, then we are doomed to do damage. climate change is a huge issue, and mistreatment of the earth is slowly causing it to decay and die. we must take on the responsibility ourselves, much in the same way that Thomas did at the film's close, if we wish for it to survive for the next generation. it's a really thought-provoking ending, and I definitely enjoyed the film more than most Netflix original horror movies. this one has a lot of depth to it, and the metaphor definitely stands strong, in my opinion. so what did you think of apostle? do you agree with my thoughts on the film, or do you have an alternative theory. comment below and let me know. this is a channel for people who are mad about movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. make sure you check out my recent breakdown of the ending of bad times at the El Royale label at the end of this video. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 