[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this video, we're gonna do another why you're wrong topic, but not about fan theories. and this one, we're gonna take a look at Rob Zombie's soon to be trilogy of the Firefly family, which starts with House of 1000 corpses, then the Devil's Rejects, and will have its final installment on September 16th with the theatrical release of three from hell. due to the upcoming sequel. there has been a lot of discussion about the existing movies and the repetition of a mantra that I've been hearing for a long, long time, which is that the Devil's Rejects is better than house of 1000 corpses and is likely one of the best and most fully formed Rob Zombie movies. it's the Zambia STUV them all, so to speak. just to clarify up front, I do enjoy both movies and appreciate mr. zombies general aesthetic. however, I don't think that the Devil's Rejects is the better movie. and it recently dawned on me, what about it failed to hit home the start. it should be pointed out that these movies almost transcends direct comparison if it were for an active attempt to connect them via location, plot points and characters. the underlying themes and structure of each movie is of an essentially different type of horror sub-genre. and to some degree, the Devil's Rejects, if it hadn't been made with the intent of being a horror film, might have justifiably been classified as something else entirely. and I'm sure some would even argue that it wasn't made with the intent of being a horror movie, but as a horror themed exploitation mashup of some sort. at any rate, I'm going to treat them both as movies with a strong core or core and explained my house when thousand corpses stands out, starting with a brief description of both films. House of a thousand corpses is a more standard horror format at movie. it involves a group of people who find themselves at a classic backwoods hillbilly house for the night. the family has a different way of doing things, and the situation quickly devolves in the ways one would expect, with the group being treated to horrors of unimaginable significance and some really cool visuals. I'm not intimately familiar with mr. zombies entire catalog, so I don't know if his other movies, which seemed to divide critics, suffer from stylistic excesses like we see in Halloween too. but this is not the case in corpses, despite its flourishes, everything feels grounded, gritty and uniquely stylistic. I wonder if zombie excels in war standard formats with some level of oversight or restriction. and this isn't intended as a slide against him who or his directing skills. horror is an expanse of genre where basically anything goes. however, it seems like there's a general ambivalence about most of his filmography. and sometimes directors do their best work when they don't have access to resources and are required to rely on their ingenuity. as large as one's vision and budget may be, there still going to be restrictions on scope and runtime, which can work against you in the long run. this likely wouldn't have worked against him in this movie, because you don't usually get the big budgets and production freedom on your first time out. the point of this is to say that a house of a thousand Corpses was a well made type movie in a standard theme and sub-genre. but with his special and specific vision, the set pieces he put together were chilling into unsettling. the characters were mysterious and unnerving. it also benefited overall, from having a limited geography, allowing more control over the atmosphere and adding an element of claustrophobia, which was intensified by his camerawork. all of these elements come together in a slick package and just work well. we share in the terror and uncertainty of the characters and view the unpredictable and horrific events from their vantage point. in contrast, and as I indicated earlier, the Devil's Rejects is a very different type of movie. it's driven by the popularity of the core trio from the first movie, and so it shifts the point of view to their perspective. its scope is also much more expansive. it takes place after the events of the original and focuses on the police closing in on the Firefly family. we meet additional family members and observe them traversing a variety of new locations. and learn more about the history of the area. apparently, there's a tradition of rumors about what the family had been up to and who had been claimed as their victims. this includes relatives of local law enforcement. as a result, when the police finally decide to move in, there's little intention to actually arrest any of them. any confrontation could be viewed as an intended slaughter. so a majority of the film deals with the family's experiences while on the lam and the trouble and difficulties they have along the way. my reference to the genre question before lies in that there's a lot about this movie that is similar to other non horror films, like Natural Born Killers, or basically any movie about Bonnie and Clyde or Dillinger. it also has strong elements that tie it back to exploitation films. this doesn't work against it. it's just an observation that demonstrates these significantly contrasting styles and themes of the two films. The Devil's Rejects gets its street cred from filling out and fully forming the characters that were so intriguing to us in the first film. it takes them out of their cozy Byzantine living quarters and puts them in our world. as it turns out, they're as bad as they seemed. it's a nasty and grimy piece of filmmaking, but in a good way. I watched The Devil's Rejects for the first time when I was heavily in the mood for something shocking. unfortunately, and despite the strong recommendations, it didn't quite tickle my grunge bone, or whatever part of the body would be the funny bone equivalent of that, and continues to remain somewhat flat on repeated viewings. it recently dawned on me that the film doesn't quite get where want to go do the overall behavior of the family. if you spend time researching true crime or serial killers, you'll likely recognize the trio's behavior, while fitting for the tone of the movie, feels a bit off and distracts from their credibility. they shout and carry on laugh, act assertively, cuss and generally do whatever they can to make people uncomfortable. in all situations, this intentional and overt subversion of social norms is consistent with antisocial behavior, and may be seen as a commentary on those norms by the individuals engaging in this behavior, or, in this case, by the person writing the story. these elements have their place, but generally speaking, true Psychopaths, to whatever degree they are aware of their own abnormalities, want to hide their behavior as best they can. they don't do what they do to upset people. they do it because it's what comes naturally to them. further, it becomes an obsession that they need to fulfill. since they desire to have the continued opportunity to do these things, they don't benefit by shouting it from the rooftops. overt expression of their true feelings is a misstep, because they lose the benefits they've received from hiding it, the benefits of being able to move through society unnoticed, being viewed as normal by others in the context of what we deem appropriate, and generally being able to keep doing what's normal to them. the manic expression of their internal desire is existed to some degree in the first movie. however, the expression comes across as more natural and understandable when exhibited in their own private quarters and were presented with some degree of restraint. the Devil's Rejects maintained as this behavior, but in a situation in which discretion is actually more beneficial than ever. but the behaviors ramped up off the charts, which makes it feel like its sole purpose is to create shocking imagery. in situations, it could be argued that I am pathologizing the characters in the wrong way and that they fall within a different psychological category, or that this isn't the point of the movie. and that may be correct, but I feel like it works against the film. in this case, take Bill Mosley as an example. his character in house of a thousand corpses was creepy and philosophical. you had no idea what he was capable of, and his imaginative powers were on full display. the characters had interacted with him were similarly uncertain, and they were forced to wait to see what would happen next. this made it feel like there were things going on in his mind that had some sort of purpose, but that we couldn't fully understand, since we're not on the same wavelength. in the Devil's Rejects, he comes across as crass and reveals his motivations to be fairly basic. the story doesn't give much opportunity for him to work at his natural pace. and many of his interjections are flagrant, like he's trying to be hurt or make sure he's not forgotten. this can give the impression of insecurity or uncertainty. Mosley is certainly capable of more than this. as an actor, moving outside. comparing Otis to otis, compare this version of otis to chop top from Texas Chainsaw Massacre to that movie was partially comedic, and his character was still far more unsettling altum Utley. the constant attempts by all of them to be as vile as possible seem put on, like normal folks attempting to be shocking. this isn't helped by the fact that in the end, they've almost fully developed into ordinary people, expressing sadness to spare fear and so on. this could be viewed as character growth, but I don't think this was the necessary development. they held the audience's favor based on what we saw in the original film. and it's okay and interesting to show how a group of abnormal people would try to think their way out of the type of situations presented in The Devil's Rejects. it provides an opportunity to create something truly unique and different, rather than following normal tropes and expectations, audiences don't seem incapable of sympathizing with despicable characters. we root for an antihero in a way similar to a hero, because, when done right, at the core of the character is a little shimmering nugget of truth. it's a truth about us, or about something we recognize in human nature. and when that's missing, the characterization feels contrived or put on, which is what appears to be happening here. despite this, I do have high hopes for three from Hell. hopefully this next film, benefiting from the backbone of support provided by the previous movies, both strong in their own right, will help it be viewed on less divisive terms than zombies last few films. I'd love to hear what you think in the comments below, and for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. I hope you enjoy the video, and thanks for watching. [Music]. 