in 1985, marty mcfly is a typical teenager living in hill valley, california. at home, marty's cowardly father, george, is bullied by his supervisor, biff tannen. his mother, lorraine is an overweight, depressed alcoholic, and his older siblings are professional and social failures. an aspiring musician, marty's band is rejected for a music contest. he confides in his girlfriend, jennifer parker, about fears of becoming like his parents, despite his ambitions. that night, marty meets his eccentric scientist friend, emmett doc brown in the twin pines mall parking lot dock unveils a time machine built from a modified delorean, powered by plutonium he swindled from libyan terrorists. doc inputs a destination time of november 5th, 1955, the day he first conceived his time travel invention. the terrorists arrive unexpectedly, opening fire and shooting document. marty flees in the delorean, inadvertently activating time travel when he reaches 88 miles per hour, 142 kilometers per hour. arriving in 1955, marty discovers he has no plutonium to return. while exploring a burgeoning hill valley. marty encounters his teenage father and discovers biff has been bullying him since high school. george falls into the path of an oncoming car while spying on the teenage lorraine. and marty is knocked unconscious while saving him, he wakes to find himself tended to by lorraine, who becomes infatuated with him. marty tracks down a younger doc and convinces him he is from the future. doc explains the only source available in 1955 capable of generating the required 1.21 gigawatts of power for time travel is a lightning bolt. marty shows dock a flyer from the future that documents an upcoming lightning strike at the town's courthouse. marty's siblings begin to fade from a photo he is carrying with him. he and doc realize marty's actions are altering the future and jeopardizing their chances to exist. lorraine was supposed to meet george instead of marty after the car accident. early attempts to get his parents acquainted fail, and lorraine's infatuation with marty deepens. lorraine asks marty to the school dance. he plots to feign inappropriate advances on lorraine, allowing george to intervene and rescue her. the plan goes awry when biff's gang interrupts and locks marty in the trunk of the performing band's car, while biff forces himself onto lorraine. george arrives expecting to find marty, and biff bullies him into submission. after biff hurts lorraine, an enraged george knocks him unconscious. he escorts a grateful lorraine to the dance. the band frees marty from their car, but the lead guitarist is injured in the process. marty takes his place and performs while george and lorraine share their first kiss. with his future no longer in jeopardy, marty heads to the courthouse to meet document. doc discovers a note from marty warning him about his future and destroys it. worried about the consequences, to save doc, marty recalibrates the delorean to return 10 minutes before he left the future, the lightning strikes, sending marty back to 1985. but the delorean breaks down, forcing marty to run back to the mall. he arrives as doc is being shot. while marty grieves at his side. doc sits up, revealing he pieced marty's note back together and wore a bulletproof vest. he takes marty home and departs to the future in the delorean. marty wakes the next morning to discover his father is now a successful, confident author. his mother is fit and happy. his siblings are successful and biff is a serval valid in george's employ as marty reunites with jennifer, doc suddenly reappears in the delorean, insisting they return with him to the future to save their children from terrible fates 