[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2016 superhero film, Doctor Strange. so let's get started. there are many films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe that came before this film. if you'd like to see their summaries, please check out the spoiler in the cards above. the film opens in Nepal, where we see the sorcerer Elias and his elet's entering into the secret compound chimera Tosh, and they behead its librarian. they steal a few pages from an ancient text belonging to the ancient one, a long-lived sorcerer who taught every student at Kumar Tosh, including Callias, in the mystic arts. the ancient one pursues the traders, but they escape. in New York, and acclaimed neurosurgeon, Stephen strange, is badly injured in a car accident, and is now unable to operate. fellow surgeons and his former lover, Christine Palmer, try to convince him to move on, but strange pursues experimental surgeries to heal his hands. strange learns of a paraplegic man who mysteriously, now has full use of his legs. strange is directed to kamar Tosh, where he has taken in by Mordo, a sorcerer under the ancient one. the ancient one demonstrates her powers too, strange, revealing that there are a variety of dimensions, such as the mirror dimension, she agrees to train strange. though his arrogance reminds her of Callias. strange excels very quickly, regaining use in his hands, studying under the ancient one and Mordo, and reading ancient books from the library guarded by master Wang. strange learns that earth is protected from other dimensions by three buildings called sanctum, with their locations being in New York, London and Hong Kong, all of which are accessible through kumara Tosh. it is the job of the sorcerer is to protect the sanctums. strange reads from the same book that Kaylee's stole from, learning to bend time using the eye of agamotto. morto and juan warn strange events breaking the laws of nature, comparing it to chaos. his desire for eternal life. Kaylee's uses the stolen pages to contact a powerful being Dormammu of the dark dimension, where time is non-existent. Helius and his forces destroy the London sanctum in order to weaken Earth's protection. they then attack the New York sanctum, killing off its guardian. what strange is able to hold them off, using the cloak of levitation, until Mordo and the ancient one arrived. Mordo and strange, you become disillusioned, however, by the ancient one, as they discover that she has been using forbidden magic from the Dark Dimension to give her eternal life. kailia s--. is able to mortally wound the ancient one and escapes to Hong Kong. the ancient one then tells strange that he too will have to bend the laws of nature in order to feed chaos. strange, in mirto arrived in Hong Kong to find master Wong dead and the sanctum destroyed, with a Dark Dimension taking over Earth. strange uses the eye of agamotto to reverse time and is able to save long then strange enters into the Dark Dimension to face Dormammu. he creates an infinite time loop with Dormammu, with Dormammu being unable to escape after killing strange several times, and still unable to break the time loop, Dormammu agrees to leave earth and take Helius and his followers with him in order to break the time loop. Marta was disgusted with strange for breaking the laws of nature and leaves. strange returns the eye of agamotto touka Marta and moves to the New York sanctum to continue his studies. in a mid-credits scene, we see strange helping Thor, who brought his brother Loki to earth in order to search for their father and Louden. the scene is actually directly from the new Thor Ragnarok film. in the post-credits scene, we see moral confronting the former paralyzed man, stating that Earth has too many Sorcerer's, hinting that Mordo might become the next villain. so that was the spoilers for Doctor Strange. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 