hi. I'm a sucker for the oceans trilogy. I even like the og one, right? so needless to say, I was excited for this one. I'm not the biggest fan of giving women male hand-me-downs with these remakes. I respect women. they deserve their own original franchises. but this also kind of had like a stat cast. so I was expecting it to be a rented. it was a rented for me, cuz, you know, was gonna have these crazy dumb twists and turns and some that were ruined when they released the poster. let me explain. if you ever watch the Ocean's eleven, twelve or thirteen, you know that they didn't skip the first ten. the numbers actually are based off of the number of people who are involved in the heist. and since Danny ocean is the leader, they're his number of people, hence Ocean's eleven. you know, it's kind of like the Reese's debate, cuz it eight Reese's. it's mr. Reese's candy. anyway, he's turns out that Danny actually has a sister. since heist and runs in the family, she was dating some art dude who's straight-up Barney Stinson Durance assigning her name while they were doing some art fraud deals, and she was the one who got cut. and she ended up with five years in jail. moment she gets out of jail, she just started stealing again. turns out that you can do this thing where if you go shopping and you pick up some stuff around the store, you just go up to the front counter, pretend like you're returning the items without a receipt. then when they tell you you can't do that, you just get mad at for a bag and walk out. it does not work. that's why this videos late. it also turns out that Danny is dead for whatever reason. now you can see this says, Danny just faking his death. he's pulling a Dark Knight Rises and is out there somewhere drinking something espresso in a foreign country. but like, this movie had also promised a bunch of cameos from the originals, and we really only get two. they're not even from like, the top half of the 11. in my opinion, as much as I wanted Clooney or Pitt to make a cameo in this movie, it kind of seems like they said no, which kind of make some of the lines in this movie a little bit more interesting. like at one point, met David even came out and said, yes, I definitely have a cameo in this. and then a petition happened and they got rid of him. you know, I'm tired of saving Damon too. but like an online petition, by the way. they go full female planners to steal and a hundred and fifty million dollar diamond necklace off of Anne Hathaway at the Met Gala. and this just so happens to be the plan one. they hire mrs. Burton, who's a fashion designer in debt, so she needs the money to be Anne's designer for the events. she then requests the necklace and literally convinces Cartier allow them to use it, because, I kid you not, people like the me goes and every other rapper is mispronouncing their name and and this would elevate their status. they also hire Rihanna's a hacker. and I love Rihanna, and she's good in this movie. but they do her dirty. they got her video files tagged as JPEGs. they do the generic typing thing where she's trying to get on the computer, and literally it's just a Facebook page. refreshing. they get an Emmy winner to pose for Vogue. so that was she's able to get him on the list to get it in. Cate Blanchett then plays the chef who poisons and soups so she has to go puke in the bathroom. Dasani, over here, is the pickpocketer who takes it off her neck while she's hurling. telly is a jewel ooh, who takes it apart so they can all wear the pieces right out of the Meg Ella. and Sandra Bullock is the one who not only steals the rest of the Joe's when no one's looking, but also blames it all on her ex, who put her in jail in the first place. of course, she may be wondering, well, I mean, there's only 7. it's supposed to be a who in the Anne Hathaway, the big choice that was spoiled in the first vote, so they released is that it's Anne Hathaway who joins them in Juicy 8th females are supposed to be the smarter ones out of the 47 genders that we have in 2018. and y'all released the trailer and stills that not only shows the final act of the movie, but that spoils your own twist here. Anne Hathaway ends up being with them because she realizes what's going on after the heist, and she decides that she wants to join them because of the flash. excuse stop. right there. I'm in you are. yeah, I need friends, ma'am. forget the fact that she's a high-profile celebrity, whatever. she joins him very but to get away with it, especially because Sandra has ties with the investigator who's looking through everything, mr. British Sherlock over here. and he literally helps the criminal out because he's bored of being in the u.s. so he's able to blame it on her ex-fiance. I don't expect these movies to be perfect, right? I actually like this one for the most part, for the dumb fun that it is. I would rank it third out of the four. but it is one of those were you questioned how there's celebrities at the Met Gala, and they name-drop people like t-swift, yet rihanna is a part of the heist. I mean, I guess Ocean's Twelve did do that whole entire thing where Julia Roberts cosplayed as Julia Roberts. so maybe they're all just doppelgangers of each other. it just makes me wonder how you can end this movie bite dead george clooney at his grave, that he would be proud of it, if he would have seen when the man didn't even want to show up. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts. you know, I would say out of all the female remakes, the female reboots that they've been doing, again, I still stand by have them do their own original series, push them that way. but this would be the best out of the bunch. it is dump. has definitely a lot of moments that make no sense. there's a point where they're using selfie sticks to cover up some of the cameras, but it's like, brah, there's another camera on the other side. isn't that one camera catching you put in this? I don't know. it's still done fun. I think it's enjoyable for what it's meant to be. some frustrating parts, I don't know. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe and I'll send you a card er watch 