yo, what's up money? you got a problem? nah, yo, hold my poodle. huh? hold my poo dog. what you want some of this? you want some of this? you don't want none of this, son. i'll take the ball for you. [Music], welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will explain a comedy film about two fbi agents trying to improve their image in front of their supervisor. these two black men had to disguise themselves as white sexy girls. guess what happens when two black guys turn into sexy white chicks? let's follow their silly actions in the white chicks, white chicks begins with a scene in a mini market, guarded by two men with thick mustaches. kevin and marcus are two undercover fbi agents. when the ice cream deliverymen came, they immediately ambush him, thinking that the ice cream seller was a drug dealer. unfortunately, both of them got the wrong target, until the real drug agent came, and end up with a gunshot that made the drug dealer manage to escape. their mistakes really embarrassed them. their boss, chief eliot, was furious with the sheer stupidity of arresting the drug dealer at that time. there were also two other feb agents named jake and vincent. these two always embarrass kevin and marcus, and it's clear kevin and marcus don't like them very much. marcus has a very possessive wife named gina. every time he comes home from work, marcus is always scolded by his wife. and it is clear that his wife will not stay silent if marcus one day cheats on her. the scene continues as chief elliott starts announcing a new case that must be handled by the fib. this case is about fib's suspicion that the two daughters of the conglomerate, andre wilson, tiffany and brittany wilson, will be kidnapped. so the fbi decided to keep an eye on the two girls. chief eliot said that the two girls would arrive at the airport that day, but no one seemed to want to pick them up. finally, marcus and kevin were assigned to pick up the two girls. marcus and kevin finally meet tiffany and brittany wilson at the airport. two white girls who are sexy and look a bit annoying. both look so arrogant and treat marcus and kevin like servants. on the way to the hotel, tiffany and brittany said their destination to the hamptons was to attend a party on the weekend. unfortunately, on the way, the dog of the two sexy girls slipped out of the car and got them into an accident. everything turned into a disaster when britney and tiffany noticed scratches on their noses and lips, making them scream hysterically. they can't appear flawed at all, especially since both are excited to be the cover of a magazine. tiffany and brittany were so angry with marcus and kevin that they threatened to report this to their superiors. of course, it made kevin so panicked because they had made a mistake in the previous drug dealer raid, and now they are making another mistake. kevin finally had an idea. they weren't going to let tiffany and brittany come to the party that weekend, but instead, they were going to disguise themselves as the two white chicks. then a team of professionals who were always helping them undercover, came and started turning them into tiffany and brittany. no one expected the two black men had now turned into two sexy white girls. but they are still a man. marcus and kevin look disapproving and show a rough expression and voice like a man when teased by men. at that time, jake and vincent disguised themselves as hotel clerks, and marcus and kevin took advantage of that opportunity to take revenge on them. finally, marcus and kevin were allowed into the hotel. on the way, both of them were so surprised when they met three other girls who were so excited when they saw them. the girls were named karen, lisa and tori. marcus and kevin also have to pretend to know them while acting strange. the three girls took marcus and kevin to a hampton magazine event where many people enjoyed the party. while at the party, they meet heath and russ. it was clear that karen had a crush on heath. on the contrary, heath actually looks so interested in mr warren vandergeld, who has two twin daughters named heather and megan vandergilt. the twins are the eternal rivals of the real tiffany in brittany. and sure enough, when heather and megan saw marcus and kevin disguised as tiffany and brittany, the two began to argue, but marcus and kevin didn't sit still. and it was clear they were very good at sarcasm. heather and megan were humiliated in front of everyone. still at the same party, kevin saw a beautiful woman with curly hair. it turned out to be a journalist named denise porter. kevin immediately fell in love at first sight and decided to greet her. but denise was utterly unaware that the woman in front of her was a man in disguise. at the party there was also a burly man named latrell who really liked white women. then his gaze immediately fell on marcus, who looked sexy. latrell didn't even hesitate to try to tease marcus, who immediately rejected him outright. but the rejection only aroused lat rel who became more and more attracted to him. because there will be an even bigger party. karen, lisa and tori are excited to take marcus and kevin shopping marcus is invited by karen and tori to choose clothes that really make him suffer. at the clothing store, women are terrible when it comes to choosing clothes. they even tried to force super tight clothes on marcus. while he was trying to fit in his super narrow clothes. gina, marcus's possessive wife, called. that's when the shop clerk tried to help marcus put his clothes on. and their conversation made his wife think that marcus was having an affair with another woman. meanwhile, kevin is actually with lisa, who is choosing clothes. kevin is also very stressed with lisa, who always sees flaws in her many times lisa screamed hysterically, thinking she was too fat, even though, according to kevin, lisa's body shape already looks sexy. when leaving the clothing store, kevin's bag was snatched. and of course, marcus and kevin wouldn't let it go. so the two immediately chased the pickpocket with a tense and unbelievable action carried out by women. the pickpocket was finally caught. this incident surprised jake and vincent, who was watching them from inside the car. that night, the vandergeld's lavish party began, megan got on stage and started announcing that they were going to raise money by auctioning off the girls. the auction began by auctioning her for a thousand dollars, since she has already worked with heath. then heath bought megan for twenty thousand dollars, which shocked everyone. after that, megan announced that the next woman to be auctioned was tiffany, who was marcus. marcus panicked and asked kevin to help him. so tiffany began to be auctioned at a low price, until finally latrell, who was so interested in him, auctioned it at such a high price that it even reached 50 000 of a time. that incident made megan so upset that marcus's auction price exceeded her. that night, marcus and kevin were so tired all day disguised as women, but karen, lisa and tori suddenly reappeared in their room, so that marcus and kevin had to hurry to change their appearance as a woman again. while they were chatting between women, suddenly two men knocked on their bedroom door and tried to kidnap marcus and kevin. marcus and kevin then beat the two men back to the ground. they were later told that the two men were stripped as dancers hired by the tory. fortunately, their covert action has not been exposed. the next day, marcus and kevin and the girls went to the beach. there, kevin saw denise, and he decided to gain her attention. just then, latrell came out of the dressing room wearing only his underwear and tried to seduce marcus. meanwhile, kevin went into latrell's dressing room and put on his clothes and all his jewelry. he then pretends to disguise himself as a lat rel to impress denise. kevin finally managed to ask denise out. that night, the scene continues showing gina and her friends having lunch. gina began to suspect that marcus might be having an affair, and sure enough, when she was about to pay for food, her credit card was declined because it had reached the limit. the credit card says that marcus just bought a four thousand dollars dress. why would marcus buy a dress, if not for another woman. and it made gina even angrier, and she decided to hit marcus and his mistress. meanwhile, marcus has a stressful night because he has to go on a date with latrell. on the other hand, kevin is so excited that he will date denise under the guise of latrell. marcus is then picked up by latrell, and he tries hard to make latrell illfeel on him. at dinner, marcus even put his feet up on the table and started biting his toenails. his style of eating was made terrible, but latrell still idolized him. meanwhile, kevin, disguised as latrell, brings denise into latrell's mansion. at that house, kevin looked confused by the condition of his house, which was so luxurious, even though he had to act as if it was his home. all his plans go awry when latrell's dog appears and starts attacking him. luckily, kevin managed to get rid of the dog and was able to make out with denise. denise said that she is currently investigating warren vandergeld. she thinks warren vandergeld is a dangerous mafia agent smuggling billions of dollars. their chat ended when kevin and denise started kissing. meanwhile, at marcus and kevin's apartment, jake and vincent finally managed to break marcus and kevin's disguise. now they know that they have been in touch with fake tiffany and brittany. the night continues at a club where heather and megan vandergel challenge karen and lisa's team to a dance floor. at first, heather and megan seem to win because of their dancing style, but marcus and kevin won't let them. marcus and kevin then started to move up to the dance floor and started doing breakdancing. they even head over heels to amaze everyone in the club. in the bathroom, lisa says that the vandergeldt family is bankrupt. she said that warren vandergeld borrowed money from her family. this information made marcus and kevin aware of new information. meanwhile, the next day, the real tiffany and brittany were reading the newspaper. and they were so shocked by the news that they won the dance battle at the club. then they finally realized that they had been hiding in a hotel room. so who exactly is disguised as the two of them? gina and her friend finally come to the hotel where marcus is staying to confront him. when he realizes his wife is coming, marcus tries hard to hide all their disguised gear, including kevin, who is still dressed as a girl. finally, after checking the contents of marcus's room and almost escaped, kevin was caught by gina's friends who mistook him for a woman. having not had time to explain, gina finally left disappointed because her husband cheated on her. meanwhile, the real brittany and tiffany come to the hotel to find out who has cloned themselves, but jake and vincent were waiting to break their disguises. the real britney and tiffany were then dragged into a room where chief eliot was. jake and vincent tried to dismantle brittany and tiffany's disguise by grabbing their hair and even taking off their clothes so that their breasts were exposed. but they still believe that these two girls are fake, until jake starts to sag britney's pants and surprises everyone because she is a real woman. marcus and kevin's disguises were finally exposed and both were fired. at first marcus and kevin had disagreements, but in the end, they decided to uncover the crime of warren banderfield. marcus and kevin are finally back on the show that weekend. it turns out that karen, lisa and tori have registered both of them to participate in the fashion show. when they were ready to participate in the fashion show, the real brittany and tiffany suddenly appeared. and were so excited to join the fashion show. marcus and kevin then styled the catwalk as brittany and tiffany, but the real brittany and tiffany appeared when they just re-entered. that incident made people so fascinated by the speed at which they changed clothes. finally, the real brittany and tiffany appeared and shouted at marcus and kevin, who had cloned themselves. then marcus and kevin's disguise was exposed in front of everyone. suddenly, the lights in the studio went out, and a lion dance appeared and led the four girls onto the stage. it turned out that this was the kidnapping that had been planned all along. marcus and kevin then start fighting with heath and ross. it turns out that everything marcus and kevin thought was true. if warren vandergeld had planned to kidnap brittany and tiffany due to their bankruptcy, that's when denise and her camera arrived and managed to record warren vanderfield's confession. everything went awry when warren vanderfield tried to shoot denise, but luckily, kevin jumped in to save her. warren vandergeld also tried to shoot marcus, who was still disguised as tiffany. with a heroic demeanor, latrell leaps to sacrifice himself. in the end, warren vanderfield was shot and arrested. gina, who came with her best friend, tried to attack kevin, who was still dressed as a girl. that's when his identity was revealed. finally, marcus and kevin were received back by chief elliot as fbi agents. kevin ends up dating denise, and marcus reconciles with his wife. meanwhile, latrell looks so happy because he can get two white chicks, the real brittany and tiffany. this is the end of the hilarious action of two black men disguised as white [Music] chicks. you 