I'd most wanted to talk to you because your record indicated you never went along with the official version. I've been hoping you provide a missing piece, young lady. my whole brains, bunch of missing pieces. hey guys. Ryan and Greg back breaking down another episode of true detective season 3. this is episode 7, already the final country. again, spoiler alert. if you haven't watched this episode yet, get out of here. go watch it and come on back. it's really good. make sure you subscribe to visit. one more episode left until the end of season 3. so this episode starts off in a different timeline than what we've seen so far. we don't know what year, sometime between, I would say, 2000 and 2010. maybe Wayne's got the great little going on. but we see his daughter, right? for the first time since she was really young. what do we take out of that though, that scene? we still really don't know what happened in the interim, right? ya know? what how their relationship might have fallen apart, or something really horrible happened to her. but or if it's just a completely fabrication, fabrication and made up in his mind. well, you got my number, since that was too so we feared this. we kind of knew this was coming from last episode, the cliffhanger that we left on. Tom Purcell was killed, and they made it look like it was a suicide, yeah. but the gun right next to him - like that, and all the typed out note, type, down note, I'm so sorry. okay. at that point, you would think that purple and rolling would think, okay, something's up here. but at the same time, so many emotions are going through their head. you can see how they were just like, I'm done. I'm over it. yeah, the case is over again. Roland is extremely ridden with guilt from this, this whole thing that happened. you know, he, he kind of took Tom under his wing, kind of protected him, mm-hmm. and as soon as it happens, he kind of puts it on himself. and Wayne, Wayne deals with a little bit easier. they're obviously two different like men. they deal with emotional differently. and they there, we see that a few times this episode, where Wayne, you know, kind of like, I'm sorry. I didn't realize that you weren't the same as me, that were totally different. yeah. Roland takes it really hard, so it's totally heartbreaking for Roland when he knows that Tom is no longer with us. we did that drove me to it. we nitpicked this last week about Amelia and whether or not she's gonna say anything about the one-eyed man. so she immediately tells the judge what happened. so she did it. she did her job. she told the police. technically, this is what happened. so that's out of the way now. so we can go start looking at Wayne again and think, why, why wasn't this in the book exactly? why didn't anyone bring this up again? but we're gonna talk about that a little bit later, probably, why that happened. but we now know, Amelia did confirm that she saw a one-eyed black man. he came and talked to her during her book signing. significantly, she told yes, a second we came home, so I'll come immediately, because this is a pretty big bombshell. now for the Hoyts, getting rid of Purcell obviously completely deaded the investigation the second time. around two times in this investigation has been opened, it's been killed by just a murder, a murder that kind of wipes out any of the evidence or any of the loose ends, so to speak. dead men tell no tales, exactly. so if you were in the broader scope, when you're looking back in 2015, you know, this looks like the perfect way to cover up the conspiracy that's going on. who wasn't? I'm don't what are we got? you want to go back looking for anyone ID black man in Arkansas, for what? because your wife saw one. and again, in this episode, were reminded that Wayne considers work as a way to escape life, his normal life, you know, it's, it's, it's, can totally consumes him. and there's a little bit of butting heads between him and rolling, rolling when it comes to this case. someone's like, drop it. yeah. that's it. it's over. he's like defeated. of his friends, he feels completely defeated. and at that same moment, he knows that there's probably nothing they can do, regardless if they find more clues at this point in the investigation, and the waiting. just wants an excuse to not go home. he just wants to keep on working and keep on finding things that they, you know, following small leads that he 10. and Roland's like, come on, man, just just give it up. already back to Amelia. she talks to Lucy's best friend. that since the first episode, everyone's thinking is, did she have something to do with this? and that's what the way that director that first episode is is really well done. what it looks like. everyone could be a suspect. yes? so the payoff for her, for this character, may just be that photo, photo she gives some but I I still feel like maybe there's something else going on here, especially the the whole, the way that room was situated, the a little order. yeah, the whole order stuff. I got vibes of season one, honestly, in her room and all the things she's working on in there, right? so, yeah, it could be a clue for this. might have, she might have had something to do with Mike's murder, or she at least knows about it. or, you know, I think she knows more, and there's more than she's letting on. yeah, copy. I could bring it right back to you. I would grab a bit. now, the photo in question is obviously of Halloween night. and you can see the directors, who ever staged the photo, they made sure they show their hands, locate ones black, ones white, right? and they're in the ghosts, they're in the ghost outfits, and see the kids trick-or-treating. you know, it's a little bit more evidence that kind of places the two people there at the same time. but I thought, I thought it was very significant. the conversation between these Familia and the neighbor was when she said, you know, do you are gonna leave town? are you thinking about leaving? and she's like, why would I? why would I? someone has to remember this. someone has to tell their story. someone has to like, be here for it, because she really has. I thought about it like, this woman, I don't know what her connection is to the city. doesn't seem like to the town. I don't think she has any kids in the area. she doesn't have any family who. seems like she's just there by herself. but it's become, you know, this is home for her, regardless. now, back to Dan O'Brien for a second. he's flown the coop, apparently. or looks like, yeah, it looks like, it looks like Hoyt and or somebody might have dumped another body somewhere else. totally at the same time, though, I'm just gonna put that question out there. do you think the Hoyts got rid of Dan O'Brien, or something else happening here with the actual death of Dan O'Brien that we don't know about yet. I I think that immediately thought that the heights got to him, just because they were ready for Tom to come to their to come to the house. they were almost planning for this. they might have even, you know, motivated Dan to kind of get Tom kinda to come out of out of hiding and do this. and then they would immediately then tie up their other loose end, which was Dan O'Brien, and shut him up, because obviously has a problem with drugs, and you really can't trust him for holding anything, any secrets. so I immediately thought, and once we find out later, just the power and influence and the resources that the Holy Family has, that it would be easy for them to kill two men in a town, regardless of who's watching. we [ __ ] lost or burned. also, we got this very heartfelt scene in the 80s with Amelia and Wayne, which he's trying to explain to him about her book, and are you sure you want me to do this? because he could hurt your job. and so now this kind of gives us confirmation of what exactly happened, what went down, and how he got his desk job. is he told her straight up, no, he'll tell the story how it is. someone's gonna do anything. someone's gotta do it. this one scene show that, well, Amelia, she gave him every shot out of this. he's like, are you sure right? are you sure? that's what stood out to me too. it was the fact that, like, we've never seen this supportive side of Wayne when it comes to the book. every other time we he brings with a book, it's, it's, it's a thing of argument between those two, and he kind of is not really proud of it. but, you know, at this point in his life, when she was just getting, getting motivated to do it, he was like, go for it. like, we need, we need as much truth out there as we can get. these groups, they take Runaways, kids and orphanages, outright kidnapping and wider investigations are consistently curtailed. in both the Louisiana and Nebraska cases, high level politicians and businessmen were implicated, people with the power to make these things go away. now, 2015, Eliza asked Wayne about some of the specifics in the case, this time she asks about the black man with the bad eye, with the white eye. and she says, did you know anything about that? and he says, you know, we need reaction, but we know that Amelia and told him about it, yes. so whether it's a, do we know, if it's something that he forgot, or is he just playing his cards close to his vest and doesn't want to say anything, one part he's like, oh, no, I don't know. you feel like, okay, he knows everything, right? but then immediately he goes to Roman and says, write that down. write that down. where are we going here? it's kind of a mix between the two of them. you're like, okay, does he know everything? he's playlist boy with her, yeah. cuz at first you think, okay, when she brings up the conspiracy, she's bringing up all these things, and Wayne's like, okay, okay. I felt like he's trying to get her, yeah, to put the pieces together herself. I don't know. I was never confirmed that he got the name right. so the new information would be the name. he knew about the black guy with with the bad eye that and talked about numerous times before as a suspect or a you know, as a person, a person of interest, this means that happen, they didn't, they never got a much. they didn't solve that much. they never got the name. they never ID'd him after, after he approached Amelia at the book scient at the book science. so this destroys the theory that he may have figured it all out, he and then he just decided, all right, I'm gonna back away from this unless, of course, that he's gotten so sick that he legitimately has forgotten, and that's what I want he so that's what I think what happened with rolling words like right down that name wats right? in this episode. we also get the awesome Easter egg tie-in between seasons one, in seasons three. so it's all in the same universe. pedophile ring, right? I'm having in Louisiana, and we're over at Arkansas this season. but we know that those, those timelines kind of overlap, yes? so I wonder, are they gonna try to fill that in with the end of this season? who knows. I feel like, are we still looking at just an Easter egg here? I think it's a, I think it's nothing more than just an Easter egg. it's, it's, it's, you know, it's similar themes and things that are going around in different regions, regions of the United States. but I don't think that there's any big bad, you know, that's overlooking both of these things. I'll throw this out there to you then. do you think there's actually a pedophile ring going on here? do you think it's one situation and everything's getting blown out of proportion? because Harris laughs at that. he the second they bring that up, about the kids. well, the one we think, the the one thing that leads me to believe that there is some nefarious, horrible, disgusting group of powerful people that are doing this is what the what the young adults and kids, how they talk about the area and in the region, and and what goes on to those that are in less fortunate situations and kind of on the fringe of society. we talked about this last week, you know, that they're taken advantage of by people that have the money, the power, the political influence to do horrible and horrific things to them. you wanna write a book right about what happens to kids out here, what happens to girls? Amelia's back out on the investigation. she takes the kids with her, this time a bar, another example of Wayne being too serious about work and not being home, not even the kids. yep, yep. and she finds out that, okay, so there was a guy, one black guy, when I watts, he wasn't there to talk to Lucy. he was there for Dan O'Brien, right? so again, it's, I feel like Dan O'Brien might have been the key here to get all this started, this ball rolling of whatever happened to the kids. yeah, he was maybe running in the same circles as certain people that had the opportunity that 90, right? this all comes down to a few extra bills here and there. and the kids were always a part of this as well. so, yeah, it all seems that like Dan was the conduit for all these different circles of people to kind of connect with each other. and all for some money. yeah, to do horrible things with with kids, probably convinced Lucy to do this. and that's probably who Lucy was talking to on the phone right before Amelia knocked on her door a few episodes back, the Breitling [ __ ], you hear me? that's probably who she was talking to. total y'all gone wrong. I feel like she thought this was just gonna be a quick and easy, just donate the children to whatever they're doing. some scam they had, and it ended poorly, as you would think it would we're talking like this. and speaking of children, during this whole time, Amelia kind of panics and freaks out when she sees the kids no longer in the car. they could just fallen asleep, just like that when Wayne freaked out at the supermarket. same thing all over again. yeah. and then I think it goes with the theme that's been proven throughout this season of the paranoia and the the panic that was kind of widespread during this time, and certain with adults and and their kids, and what they're watching, what they're doing, who they're talking to. so for a second there, I actually thought that they were gone, like the Hoyts took him. I thought that, like, yeah, that someone was watching her investigate and talk to people, talk to people that she wasn't supposed to be talking to. and I thought that they took the kids. and I was my heart, my heart legs dropped for a second there. now, let's talk about Harris James right now. let's finish off this segment on Harris James, because the segment where there are dragging behind him, that score is awesome. yeah. so Harris knows he's flat. he knows it. so he's looking out the window and [ __ ] he knows there's nothing you can do. what's he gonna do? he's not doing anything. exist driving late at night, and and like, yeah, it's not, it's not a good situation over for him. he knows, it's like, I'm not gonna snitch, and I'm done. I need you to step out of the car, sir. and now we can confirm that this whole thing, that, yes, it was Wayne and rollin that took out Harris James. yeah, they shot him too. at first I thought it was just rolling, yeah, but no, they both shot him, and somehow they were just dealing with the guilt. yeah. what happened? a couple things here. you know, Harris James, I, I honestly thought that he was hurt, like internally, that he was not faking it. but it turns out he's faking it, and that he tried to attack and kill Wayne. so you got to defend yourself in that situation. I mean, obviously they shouldn't take justice in their own hands, but this is their only way, they're only, absolute only way to get information out of him. they failed again. they failed together. now, though they don't have that information, but we do know why these two had a falling out. now, in 2015, we got grumpy old men detectives. they are breaking down the case, still working the case. they talked to the former Hoyt kitchen maid who tells us the story, describes the scene over at the Hoyt mint a mansion that it was. there's a division of labor, division of almost everything. yeah. and she brings up another black guy with one eye, mr. Jim. mr. Jim, mr. June. okay, all right. and we had, wisely, of July. we had that earlier. okay. so it's starting to come together here. the big thing that happened here is miss Isabel, they talked about specifically, again, what happened to her? her family, her husband and child died in a car accident. yeah. she's starting to lose it. and right around 1980, just after, actually in 1981, right after the kidnapping, all the house maids, everyone, they are not allowed on certain parts of the Hoyt property anymore. right? specially the basement, where there is a huge security system lock and, yeah, yeah, so certain people are not allowed in certain areas. very hush-hush. she played it off like Miss Isabel was getting sick and getting worse, and but it, it seems like probably a lot more nefarious. yeah, they're hiding something, a person, a person in a pink room underground, in the basement. so we gotta find a little more evidence that that this stuff was actually going on. there's also a very touching moment between Wayne and Roland in 2015, where Wayne just comes out and apologizes for, you know, the situation that he put them in. yeah. and the way I interpreted that was that it was obviously long overdue, but he might have, you might have said that a few times to roll in and not knowing it, you know what I mean? it felt like something like, oh, man, I'm just like, real Rona feels bad. obviously his friend is, his friend is sick, but that Wayne is is kind of on a, on a loop, and just kind of playing that back over and over and heating whenever he's reminded by that, he then thinks, wow, I put rolling through that as well. also in 2015, Wayne reveals to roll in that he has been talking to the ghost Familia I in his head. he's brought that up now. so I wonder we're rolling it's going with all this, because he already told him, he normally knows about the gun. he talked about it to Henry, about that true. so he knows he's slipping a lot. so where's that tape? where does it take us for the finale? I don't know. but if they're leading little clues with that Chekhov's gun, that something's gonna happen here. and also, remember the car. let's go back now to that car, right? I've way, it's proven fact, they was there, though. there is a car there. we don't know if the car is looking forward, the cars watching. they got the license plate, but they got the license plate. that was a cool, like a little team up right there, the old timers is good. yeah. okay. so we're back in the 90s, and we saw that shot my trailer, Wayne burying something. you and I knew that this was doing something horrible. yes. Amelia is actually the energy stumbles upon it too. and he's just like, listen, you can't talk about this. let's just don't don't even ask me right now. I cannot get it. youth, if you go in the backyard, your husband's burning something, just having a good boy says, yo, just let's talk about this again the morning or something. okay? I mean, think about it from her perspective though. that is a terrifying sight, that isn't that's the last thing you want to see, last thing you want to see here, whose significant other burning all their clothes outside in the middle of the night, with a look that he just, you know, I just went to hell and came back, man. and finally, at the end, Wayne receives a phone call from mr. Hoyt. yes, this was an awesome scene because literally, get outs. he's literally outside the house just like, hey, man, I hear you're looking for me, and you're doing some stuff. she go inside and talk to us, your wife. okay. it just proved how much information power control this person in this organization, whatever is as entity, has over the town. his bodyguard, his mountain is, is gone. and I think he can put one in two, he could put it all together at this point. what happened? yeah. I mean, he says that he has evidence that he could literally go to the authorities, and that Wayne would be screwed. yeah. so clearly they had some type of surveillance on his own people, and he knows a lot more than what we what Wayne would assume. so Wayne's in trouble. that that was, that was a hairy situation, like he knows everything about your family, and you have no choice but to go with him. you may not realize this, but I've been pretty damn patient with you already. perhaps I should take my information to the prosecutor's office, or, like I say, happy to talk inside. yeah, beyond five before we get out of here. let's do some questions of predictions for the season finale. first of all, one sweet starts talking. I'm already googling, wait, that sounds so familiar. in it for a variety. put it out there, ready? that it is, in fact, Michael Roker. he will be plain Hoyt in the season finale. now all I can think is, like, William Hurt in a history of violence, my dear. because I feel like he's obviously gonna give us a lot of exposition and what I mean on here. and he's gonna inform us on a lot of stuff, because there's so much that has to be packed into this episode early a lot. he's gonna be the key here to give it all out there before we get to the final line of what happens at Julie and everything else. so with that said, I am so excited to see what happens here. because Michael wrote good but they didn't show nothing, nothing on him for the other episodes, like just categories as a finale, and just the voice and final scene of this episode. come on. but I'm ready. now, a big question that I have is, we know that Wayne isn't killed by Hoyt, but it comes to understands like they come to some set agreement right now? is that agreement listen to shut up, or I'm gonna kill your family. probably that's probably what it is, like what it is. it's also probably gonna tell us why he doesn't speak to Rowling for so many years. it feels like maybe he's trying to come out of this now and go, I gotta stay away. I know what happened. I know the truth, and I can't say a single thing. now, my question to you though, is, knowing that say he should not speak anymore, if heights like drop this immediately, right? why? even agree to do a 2015 documentary on the on the show, what's dead at this point. you would think they got Michael Roker, unless he, who knows what's gonna happen this final episode. but I'm gonna say we met Hawaii. old man. Hoyt is gone in 2015. so why not, why not wait? why not just wait until Hoyt dies and immediately, just right now, fixes a part to the no, no, no. I mean, go to the authorities and say, here's the evidence that I had. I had it was ready. I was ready to, you know, bigger than that. I feel like the heights gonna tell him this. there's bigger layers to it than just Hawaii. I just wanna know, will there be justice though, at the end of this episode? is it gonna be Chinatown? or just there's no win, it's a no-win scenario no matter what for Wayne. or how are they gonna solve this? how is old man role in Wayne to get to the bottom? my old man, true detective. grumpy old men. I'm assuming Eliza is a big key here for this. she needs to have other information that she's gonna share with him. she's got MELAS needs to be revealed. yeah. also, what happened with Dwayne and his daughter? Becca? she just get away from the whole situation? nice. does she get a feeling of what the white things makes me makes me feel a little queasy, because I what if he's like, all right, we're gonna take what he made an exam in an example. yeah, he's got to make an example where he takes one of the kids at that. I hope that's not it, but I'm just getting the vibe here that something's going on with Becca here. we're not getting everything until the finale, so that tells you something else is going on with her. I'm gonna do it out. you're a tough guy. you'll be fine. you don't know that. that'll do it for a breakdown of episode seven, but we'll be back here next week after the season finale. let us know your predictions of what's gonna happen in the finale in the comments down below, and make sure you're subscribed to the channel to see you next week, guys. bye. bye. 