today we will introduce you a movie called the incredible hulk, released in 2008. kawku and singh kahwan. vt, hulk, tri ki, tr than one, trong, n h n g huan. v t siu and hung marvel. let's start. the opening of the film is a flashback to the memory of bruce banner. he is a doctor of science in charge of the us. military's gamma-ray biological weapons research project. he used himself as a test subject, but the results were not as expected. banner has become a giant green monster that smashes everything in the lab and attacks everyone. his girlfriend, betty ross, was hospitalized, and her father, general ross, broke his arm. after that event, banner became an american deserter and had to flee to a small village in brazil. here he begins to practice martial arts with a teacher to control his anger stop becoming a green giant. he came here and worked as a bottling worker at a soft drink factory. that day, the boss called him up to fix the broken power line. seeing that he worked hard, the boss offered to increase his salary. inadvertently, he cut his hand, causing a drop of his blood to fall down. he knew his blood was radioactive, so he quickly told the boss to turn off the engine. he ran down to wipe the blood and breathed a sigh of relief. but he did not know that a single drop of blood was left on a soft drink bottle and it was packed and shipped to the us. the next morning, he received a package of flowers from mr blue, a friend he met online. he sent something that could create an antidote to his illness. he went home with the machine, with a photo of his girlfriend betty on the table, and started making the antidote, but still unsuccessful. he took his own blood and put it in a test tube and sent it to mr blue. at the pentagon, general ross received news that a man drank a radioactive water bottle and died. ross, based on this information, found banner's whereabouts and rushed to assemble an elite army to capture banner. the leader of the army was emil blonsky, a marine of the british royal family. troops to brazil, straight to banner's house. they kicked in the door, shot repeatedly at banner's bed, but when he turned it over. no one was there. he swung the rope and escaped. banner was chased everywhere by general ross's army. on the way to escape, he encountered thugs at work. he overcame them and continued to run. so he was hunted by a bunch of thugs and general ross and blonsky's army. in the end, he ran away to the factory where he worked. the thugs chased the place. they caught him and beat him so hard that made him angry, and the green giant in him appeared. he chased away each of the thugs and attacked them. general ross's army also arrived, and general ross ordered all weapons to be used to capture him. but no matter how many anesthetics and bullets were fired, suddenly, hulk pushed a large water tank into the soldiers. only blonsky survived. he pointed his gun at hulk and fired repeatedly. he angrily threw the whole machine weighing tons, and threw it at blonsky. hulk finally escaped. general ross, bloski and the rest of the soldiers went to banner's motel room to find the remaining clues, but there was nothing left they had to return to america. the next morning, at a small stream in the forest, banner returned to his original form with his ragged clothes. seeing a car coming, he immediately ran out to tell the situation and asked for help. he was allowed to come along, wrapped a blanket to keep warm, and they headed to the town ahead. he is in mexico. now he sat in a corner at the market with only his ragged pants. he was given money enough to buy a new set of clothes. he continued his journey on foot to america. at the pentagon, general ross was telling blonsky about the cause of the green giant's appearance and military secrets, that they were making biological weapons when the serum contained gamma. but banner didn't know. so now banner is the property of the us. military, so they need to find him to get him back. talking about banner, after many difficulties, he was able to return to the us. he went to the university where his girlfriend was working. he waited for betty to leave work. he watched her from afar, seeing her beaming smile, as if it were for him. but no, she smiled, kissed and held another man's hand. and left. turns out betty has a new boyfriend. he watched betty and her boyfriend with sadness. that night, he went to a pizza shop called stanley's. waited until the store closed before knocking on the door. the owner immediately recognized banner. he inquired about betty and learned that her boyfriend is very good, is the director of a hospital. he asked the old man's permission to stay at his house for a few days. he applied to be a pizza delivery man to easily access and get the data he needed. he disguised himself as a pizza delivery man to go up to his lab. the day before, he gave the security guard a small cake so it was easy to sneak in. he logged into his computer, searched for gamma ray data, but couldn't find it. along with that, he continued to search for his name, but it was also empty. he asked mr blue for help, but he couldn't. banner dejectedly, returned to his room, packed up and planned to continue running. at this time, below the house, betty took her boyfriend to old man stanley's pizzeria. banner went to the kitchen to say goodbye to stanley. but when he opened the door to look for him, he saw betty and ran away. betty ran as fast as she could to the back of the house, but he disappeared. betty's boyfriend also panicked and ran after her. and the two went back into the pizzeria. betty begged the old man to tell her west. hope ended. it was raining heavily. banner was walking in the rain, a car stopped near him. but when he turned around to see what was going on, he saw betty getting out of the car. the two could not hold back their emotions, hugged each other. betty begs him not to go, to come back to her. betty drove banner to her house. she gave him a box with a usb in it, which contained all the data about the two people's research. banner asks her if the general knows that he wants to dissect banner, to create a copy of him and use it to make a weapon to serve the army. he said he would run away again tomorrow, because if he stayed, both of them would be in danger. she said she would see him off to the bus tomorrow. then went to their room. both of them were awake and could not sleep. general ross decided to take out the super soldier serum that had been stored since world war ii to inject into blonsky's body. the scientist injected him with two injections, one deep into the muscle, the other deep into the bone. he was in a lot of pain. the next morning, betty saw banner off, and he continued on his escape. but before he could say a word to her, he saw the army ambush around. he had to flee immediately, the army following him closely. he ran inside the university library. he filled a bookshelf and took out the usb and tried to swallow it. meanwhile, betty is trying to stop the convoy from chasing banner. she stopped the car general ross was driving. he had to go outside to talk to her. she begged him to stop. at that moment, when banner ran to the overpass, he was surrounded by general ross's army on all sides. the boss ordered to shoot tear gas into the bridge. saw banner struggling inside. betty could not stand it and rush to save him, but was held by two soldiers. seeing his lover being bullied, the second person in him, rose up. hulk kicked open the glass door and flew out. the green giant shouted. he was hit by a rain of bullets from the soldiers. he ran over and attacked an armored vehicle. in the end, general ross ordered blonsky to attack him. blonsky repeatedly fired his gun at hulk. the giant splits the armored vehicle into two shields to make the blonsky continuous attack weapon. blasky realized he was no match for hulk, so he ran away. general ross sent the team of sonic guns to battle. blaskies bait for hulk to run to. hulk ran to the center of the gun. when he began to be hit by the sound waves until he could not stand. betty begs her father to spare the hulk, but he refuses. when he saw betty being held, he tried to get up, using a shield to hold back and the other to throw it at the car that launched the sonar he rushed to crush the other. general ross had to send helicopters in. blaskey pointed his gun at hulk and fired repeatedly. he then approached hulk, dropped his gun and challenged hulk with disdain. but in the end, he was trampled on his face and defeated. general ross was disappointed and immediately withdrew his troops. betty went straight to the giant. the general ordered the helicopter to fire at hulk. hulk defends betty with his body. then he throws the shield and breaks the helicopter's wings, creating a huge fire that engulfed the hulk and betty. general ross screamed in despair when he saw his daughter in the flames. it started to rain. hulk came out from inside the fire, took betty in his arms, looked at the general with angry eyes and walked away. that night, the general went to betty's house to gather documents and met betty's boyfriend there, he and general ross argued for a while. he saw that the general's ambition was to capture hulk by any means, not to find and protect his daughter. hulk carried betty into the jungle. he took her to a cave. he laid her down to avoid the rain. betty woke up and screamed loudly, startling hulk and bumping into a cliff. when she called his name. he was looking at her lovingly when the sky thundered and he shouted angrily. betty approached hulk to comfort him, everything was fine, and then he calmed down. two people sitting together in the rainy night. general ross visits blonsky. most of his bones were broken. only his heart was stronger than normal people. the general looked at him, then left without knowing what miracle blonsky had regained consciousness. his fingers could move again. the next morning, when betty woke up, the hulk had turned back into banner. she took the coat off him, and together they went to a small town nearby. in the shower, banner looks up at the shower and is haunted by the barrel of a gun that hit him yesterday, knocking him out of the tub. betty came home from shopping. when banner came out of the bathroom, looking at his listless face, she worriedly asked him if he was okay. banner said, okay. he was just trying to pull out the usb stick. betty cuts banner's hair. she hugs him from behind. they embrace each other passionately, no matter what happens next. however, in the middle of the heat, his heart rate suddenly increased. he told betty he couldn't get too emotional. that woke the second human. he lies hugging the beauty in regret. the general was sitting thoughtfully when a female soldier came to inform him that blonsky had recovered. general ross touched blonsky and found that there was no trace of the previous fight. blonsky said he was ready to fight again. banner was checking betty's personal belongings and left behind her credit card and phone for fear the military would find them. betty says they won't be able to go. with only forty dollars, she will sell the necklace her mother left her for money when she sold the bracelet. banner quickly accessed the computer to log in and contact mr blue to make an appointment. without knowing that the defense department was aware of this communication and was monitoring their movements. they bought an old car and excitedly set out to find mr blue. before leaving, she took her camera and took a picture of banner along the way. she asks him about what happened to banner. he started telling her everything. she says, his second self isn't bad. but with banner right now, he just wants to get it out of him. after saying that he fell asleep in the car when he didn't know, when they woke up, they had reached the tollbooth, in front of which were all the soldiers and police of general ross. he and betty abandoned the car and walked slowly back to escape, to appear, where they rented a canoe to take them to new york. then they took a taxi and met a crazy driver who thought his car was a race car. betty angrily got out of the car and cursed at him. so they just kept walking. they found the workplace of mr blue, and they have met. blue leads them both home. he is surprised because the green giant is real. they discussed an antidote for banner, but an overdose would be fatal. but banner says he's not afraid. so they started doing experiments. blue placed a potion made from magical petals into banner's body, start sucking banners blood out of his body. then blue uses electricity to stimulate banner's brain. after the electric shock, his eyes turn blue. his body begins to change blood vessels and blue color begin to appear. blue, engrossed in the experiment, hulk begins to awaken, seeing danger, betty climbed on hulk's body to reassure him. hulk began to docile. betty tells blue to pump the antidote into hulk. now, as the drug was injected, slowly, hulk's body also slowly shrank, eventually returning to banner's form. betty woke him up. so their experiment was a success. meanwhile, bloski was injected with the next dose of the drug, gradually transforming into a monster. general ross prepared his army to board the helicopter and with blonsky, set out to capture banner. blue leads banner and betty to the house containing banner's blood clones. they have limitless applications. they have the ability to make people immune to all kinds of diseases. banner says blue needs to destroy all of them because it will be very dangerous old while blue is thinking of nobel prizes in science. while the two were arguing, the soldiers outside targeted banner, shooting him with an anesthetic. his body slowly sank, just as blonsky ran up to him. he wanted banner to become a second person. seeing him faint, blonsky hit banner hard. then the army tied him to a stretcher and escorted him out. general ross takes his daughter's hand, but she looks at him with hateful eyes and says she won't forgive him for what he did to banner to hide his defeat and protect his own cause. the general led the troops to the helicopter and left at blue's house. he was being interrogated by a female soldier when she was knocked unconscious by blonsky. he tells blue that he wants to be just like banner, so he makes him like that. blonsky lifted him up, and blue had to accept blonsky's offer. blue injects banner's blood into blonsky's body. begins to transform into a giant like hulk, but he looks more like a monster than a human. he pushed dr blue down. the monster in blonsky began to go out and smash everywhere. the rest of the soldiers called for help from the general. the other line said hulk was here. he was surprised that hulk was actually on the helicopter. he immediately ordered the helicopter to turn back towards the soldiers the monster was smashing the people panicked and ran. the soldiers then used their guns to shoot at the monster. it immediately grabbed the bullet unharmed. it ran after the two soldiers car, brushing aside anything that stood in its way. it lifted a vehicle and threw it at the two soldiers. the signal was gone, indicating that they were dead. general ross recognized this as blonsky. banner said he would come down to attack it again. banner decided to jump down from above without landing the plane near it. but he himself did not know if he could become the hulk before he fell to the ground. and then it happened. he fell to the ground due to too much force and sank deep into the ground, forming a big hole. betty and dad turned their eyes to him and watched in awe from the ground. the green giant awakened. he shouted, slowly stepping forward, the monster has achieved his goal of dueling the hulk. he rushed towards the hulk, using all his strength to lift the hulk up and throw it away. hulk rolled several times, then stood up. wobbly banner immediately split the police car into two shields his familiar weapon. thanks to it, he rushed up to smash the monster, then ended up with a massive punch. however, the monster kicking the hulk through the walls. it flew up to cling to the wall to find hulk to calculate the next book. when general ross's plane rushed in, shooting repeatedly at him, causing him to flee to the roof. hulk now woke up, saw the plane was shooting monsters on the rooftop, and climbed quickly, just in time for the monster to jump up and cling to the helicopter. hulk also grabbed the monster's legs. hulk and monster fight in the air. one arm of the monster clung to the helicopter, disorienting the helicopter. general ross ordered an emergency landing. after spinning around, the helicopter landed on the rooftop, causing the hulk to fall first. blasky got on the helicopter, jumped on the hulk, grabbed the hulk and lifted him up, punching him in the face repeatedly. when he saw betty, he had the strength to fight back against blonsky, grabbing the spikes on his back and hurling him against the wall. at that moment, the fuel and burned around the helicopter. hulk then used his hand to swat hard, causing a strong wind to extinguish the fire. blasky was able to escape immediately, using a rope with an iron nearby to sneak up on banner. the general and his daughter were about to appear from the helicopter when blonsky tried to kill them. hulk saw a dangerous situation. he punched the ground with his strongest blow, creating a long crack that made blonsky slip. the chain fell from his hand. hulk caught it and used it to strangle him until he died. the reinforcements arrived. hulk stepped on blonsky and shouted loudly to vent his anger. betty approached him and said everything was fine. he called out betty's name. banner knows he doesn't belong here. he looks back at betty, then runs through the rooftops and disappears. at the end of the film, in an unexplored place in colombia, banner is jogging to control his heart rate. he went back to his little house and drank tea. he received a package with betty's necklace inside. he put it in an envelope with the address of betty's house. he meditated to practice anger control. after a while, he opened his eyes and a mysterious smile appeared. the general was drinking at a bar when the iron man came to him to ask him to cooperate with him to form a super soldier team. this is the end of the story. thank you for watching until the end, see you in the upcoming movies. this is the end of the movie. see you in the next movie. thank you for watching the movie. 