welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about melancholia. the film begins with an introductory sequence involving the main characters and images from space. these virtually still images reveal the key elements of the film. justina bride in deep melancholy, with birds falling behind her, of a lawn with trees and sundial with two different shadows. peter bruggles the hunters in the snow, burning the black horse collapsing in slow motion. justine is a bride being swept along by a river, her wedding dress tangled in plant matter. and finally, justine and her nephew building their magic cave before melancholia crashes into earth, delayed by their stretch limousine's difficulty traversing the narrow, winding rural road. newlyweds, justine and michael arrive two hours late for their own wedding reception at the estate of justine's sister claire and her husband, john. justine has a dysfunctional family. brother-in-law, john constantly complains about having to pay for the wedding, despite being very well-off. father dexter is hedonistic and selfish. to the point of narcissism. while mother gabby is brutally jaded, openly declaring her hatred of marriages during her wedding speech. no one ever asks what justine wants or why she is unhappy. but throughout the dinner she is praised for being beautiful. claire urges justine to hide her debilitating melancholy from her new husband, michael. justine finds several excuses to flee the wedding reception and wander the estate by herself. at one point, while the guests stand around waiting for the cutting of the cake, justine and gabby independently escape to take baths. michael is pressured to give a speech at one point, but it is very dispassionate and vapid. he attempts to consummate his marriage with justine despite her being clearly non-receptive, even ignoring her at one point when she asks if they can simply sit together for a while, causing her to flee in frustration. claire tells justine she is lying to everyone, while john aggressively reminds justine how much the wedding cost and tells her she better be [ __ ] happy. justine's boss, jack is ruthless, greedy and gluttonous. during his wedding speech, he's hustling justine to meet a work deadline. he pushes her throughout the evening to create a tagline to promote a new campaign. her boss's nephew, tim, is given the chance to exploit the opportunity to get the tagline at all costs in order to promote his career, a task similar to what justine was previously so successful at. he reluctantly, but doggedly pursues justine throughout the wedding reception, pressuring her for the tagline. eventually, justine goes out onto a sand trap and has sex with tim. unable to get the tagline from justine, tim is later fired for his professional failure. finally, reaching a breaking point, justine resigns by telling jack that he is a despicable, power-hungry little man and storming off. after several hours of being alienated from each other, justine and michael quietly agree to call off the marriage. michael departs, leaving a severely depressed justine isolated at the estate with claire and john furious at her, while storming back into the estate, a wedding planner tells claire the total number of beans in a jar for a lottery that was held during the event. early the following morning, while horseback riding with claire, justine notices antares is no longer visible in the sky. later, the reason for antares's disappearance has become public knowledge, a newly discovered rogue planet called melancholia, which entered the solar system from behind the sun, was blocking the star from view. the planet has now become visible in the sky as it approaches ever closer to earth. john is excited about the flyby predicted by scientists, while claire is frightened by alternate predictions of earth being hit and destroyed. in the meantime, justine's depression has grown worse. she can barely muster the mental strength to get inside a cab to arrive to claire and john's estate, and is essentially catatonic upon arrival. claire takes her sister under her care. one day, while horseback riding, justine finally notices melancholia in the sky, visible to the naked eye. upon seeing melancholia in person, claire becomes withdrawn and fearful, afraid that the end of the world is imminent. despite her husband's assurances, she searches the internet and finds an article predicting that earth's gravitational pull will draw melancholia back towards it after its flyby, ultimately leading to the earth's obliteration. her husband assures her that these anecdotes are written by prophets of doom. claire tries to relax, to little effect. meanwhile, justine unexpectedly shows signs of improvement. she begins to bathe and eat meals on a regular schedule. again, the day of the predicted flyby, justine tells claire that the earth is evil and that they don't need to grieve for it. claire dismisses her sister's claims, but is unsettled when justine unexpectedly tells her the correct number of the bean lottery from the wedding as proof of her clairvoyance. justine then tells claire, life is only on earth, and not for long. that night, melancholia passes very close to earth, but ultimately begins to recede in the night sky, to claire's great relief. the next morning, john has become visibly nervous, not breaking away from his telescope. when john vanishes after clear naps, claire observes melancholia through the astronomical equipment and realizes it is actually getting bigger and circling back, as predicted by the internet article. horrified, she looks for john, only to find him dead in the stables. he purposefully overdosed on pills claire was saving. claire releases abraham, and when justine asks where john is, claire says that he has ridden into the village. claire calls the rest of her family together for a completely typical breakfast, but shortly into it, claire's attempt at calm breaks and she once again checks melancholia's closeness, seeing that it has nearly doubled in size. claire realizes the earth is doomed and descends into a panic. in a moment of desperation, she attempts to flee the estate with her son, but the cars will not start, and the golf cart shuts down as she attempts to cross the same bridge that justine had attempted earlier. returning to the mansion, claire tries to accept the inevitable in a private conversation with justine claire suggests that their last act be coming together on the terrace with wine and music. justine crassley dismisses her idea having noticed that abraham is wandering around the estate without any sign of his father. claire's son, leo, is frightened. dad said, there's nothing to do nowhere to hide, leo says. aware of melancholia's closeness, he is reassured by justine, who uses his innocence in order to soothe him, saying that they can be safe in a magic cave. justine cries to herself as leo embraces her. they gather tree sticks to build a cave in the form of a teepee without canvas. the magic cave stands in the middle of a field on the golf course. leo, justine and claire sit in the teepee, holding hands, as atmospheres from both planets begin to violently merge. leo believes in the magic cave and closes his eyes. clara is terrified and cries profusely. justine watches them both and accepts her fate calmly and stoically. in the last shot, leo and justine sit in meditative posture, as melancholia fills the sky behind the teepee, while claire breaks away from their handhold and panics alone. melancholia hits sending a wall of fire passing through the field. as the planets collide, vaporizing the trio and cutting the screen to black, the sounds of the destruction of both planets slowly echo and rumble into total silence. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 