yeah, this is recap reps. we're running through all three Star Wars prequels today. so buckle up. here we go. journey to a galaxy. once upon a time, we were planted in the Milky Way in 1999, where an epic space opera that inspired generation got a hefty second helping full of CG animation. start again at the stars with the Jedi beginner, obi-wan and his master, qui-gon Schindler, who wrote where the Jedi doing mind tricks and saber fights, full of moral insight, but they trained favor right? yes, we'll get there, but for now, be patient. first deliberations and Foreign Relations negotiations, the Trade Federation, Senate delegations. yeah, I'm Bard is a faster fighter, all the things we know in life. weird-looking monsters based on racial archetype, money. my name is you're like aliens from Asia and a slapstick comedian from Lucas's Jamaican or later, Lainie, chosen one. could it be a Jedi fan? used to be a magic thing, but now it's just a blood exam. and he enters into an adrenaline junkies for deadly race that honestly, was better on n64. celebration. liberation. time to leave the cradle. but before we go, as you wish, yes are you and Jim Jones, padme. black swans. Bucky little teeth, just a simple handmaiden. just kidding. she's the queen now, except for war with the cannon fodder robot with military strategy, discipline or not. fried balls, blue balls. bill help. flailing. that's the metal pilot out nest. Padres talking to the shadows is a scary consent known as Darth Maul. puzzled sabers. Bandys cool. [ __ ], laser walls off. duel, taking Schindler off the list. movie blitzball. split. that was it. double like a chance to learn, even though it's quite wrong. wiping to a pyre to let qui gonn be quite God. celebrate history. I'm sure we'll be lifelong. all done. mr, why-would-you? space fight? song, people-people. she's gone. [Music], Sen Tian's disclose. who we go for this Oscar nominee. its have collected mystery and half romantic comedy. everyone looks similar to when we saw them last, but only as a beard. now, to show the time is past. so the public is disorderly and Pepys. that was Senator. Annie is a horny teen desperate together. it's super cute. flirting is so memorable. please, don't look at me like that. we do. it makes me feel uncomfortable. moving on. obi-wan is on a mission tracking the assassin who was hunted. politicians tranq darts, missing planets. mystery unraveled. more travels from the galaxy to basically in a store. like giraffe creatures who are built a clone army. so they're all the same. dude, throw a shrimp soma bhave you made one ozzie named Jango? Fett the assassin. oh, he has a buddy, slippery when wet. so the love story grows with two opposites attract represented by the Christensen tutorial on acting. can't you feel like I'm crushed? can you feel pain though I'm in agony? well, now I gots to know how you feel about sad. I don't like sand. its course, rough and irritating, and it gets everywhere. okay, now to Tatooine. mommy taking a knee on Akane. ride bike. see, mommy croaks. he gets a murder by luring them like animals that deserve sympathy. ob1 needs help, so forget about your killing spree. me mother. Republic down. teeters on the brink, but not because of pal cause of senator big rogue Geonosis be stability. Dooku is today. then running. jump conveyor belts, ending up the chains. escape from the monsters. hey, workers, the Jedi intervene. and now the post attack filled with new hacks. Jango said, is approval. battle seen. don't affect. three PIOs. cavity routine. you're my new cool DJ alters a physiology rescue just died by Yoda. starch and choreography. what more. oscar-worthy shot to show her beat the Army is super secret wedding. that's totally not ominous. [Music]. [Applause]. more in the Stars. hey David, everybody. obi-wan and 80 fine ships getting chubby. fight with Dooku over time. and at the Chancellor's persuasion and eBooks an engine to screw with. what easy capitation. now we need a new villain. we got gravest as reasons, mostly a droid, but he has trouble breathing, commanding an army with the lightsaber. Buffon faces off. the Kofi within, captain. let's move on. Christensen is trying hard to act McGregor, nothing out the norm. but hey, rockman is preggers discussing. and well, given any night terrors, they're just dreams. and ease the rumours. fight error. no, it's all literal. we take it super serious. so he talks about that with this father figure. city and seize the ones you love from dead. he likes a dark side Bower, not from a Jedi. I've had it with these defining symptoms. and then base makes a page. 90 years and 30 seconds, lighting versus powerful saber and e0 hour. then we do out the window. demented. ah 466 wiped about all of them. obi-wan Yoda, most of the any full of dark side chopping up toddlers on a murderous rampage. we had to use this one now controls the Senate seat. clowns you. is it for all mighty battle yoga tongs. now, we found from Dagobah that big tries to change his mind, but and he'd rather choke his wife - one more safer. five stars, laughing. guys. my crown Danny flies like sliced yellow I do, or the chosen will hate you. nice moment. 50 er wear panties the game, but not before she gives your babies arbitrary names. now they're reconstructing Vader back to James Earl Jones, who sums up our feelings. all debris falls. now that's over. guess it's all up to Disney. the future looks bright. but for now I need a whiskey. those was a Star Wars prequels. y'all, this is recap Gramps. let us know in the comments what you want to see next. make a good one next time. wipe them. what's up, guys. thanks for watching. if you like this, why not check out either these other two dope videos of ours. be sure to subscribe to stay up to date on all the latest warp zone content. company every Tuesday and Thursday. well, I'm gonna go take a long, cold shower and think about what I just saw. I'll see you next time. what so now? 