[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition. and finally, the fans have gotten what they wanted in regards to the sonic movie. now, if you've been following the channel, you've seen that there's been huge outcry over the design of the character in his new solo movie, with pretty much the entire internet slamming how he looks. and it doesn't seem like anybody was happy about it, except for this one guy on my video, right? they actually deleted their comments, so I can't find it, but they were, they wrote an essay about how good it was, and how this was perfectly fitting to the movie and its tone. and I just replied, do you work for Paramount? and they deleted their comment. so everyone, except that guy, everyone hated it. I mean, the guy looked more like Sonic than Sonic does. this pretty much began an uprising, and there were hundreds of beams that sprang forth from this, with pretty much everyone doing a better job than the actual designers. you do not want to know what tail to look like. well, anyway, bad news travels fast. and when you have so many investors and projects like this, they obviously want a huge return on their money. so no doubt they'll have been putting pressure on Paramount to fix this. this caused the director to release the following statement, thank you for you to book. I can't do the voice up. thank you for your support and the criticism. the message is loud and clear. you aren't happy with the design and you want changes. it's going to happen. everyone at Paramount and Sega a fully committed to making this character the best he can be. hashtag, sonic movie. hashtag, gotta fix this fast. yep, you really do, cuz you've only got till November to get this done. hashtag, gotta fix his face. I might obeyed that bill. well done, guys. we did it. sonic is now going to be the best version of himself. hashtag, Jim spiration. hashtag, thinspiration. it's crazy how much the studio are actually willing to put money into this. as if you like me, then you probably think that there's other parts of this movie that need fixing too. with a sledgehammer. just burn it. just burn every copy. I was actually kind of interested to see if people would eventually come around to this idea of Sonic, as we saw with Aladdin. I was huge outcry over Will Smith's genie, but slowly more and more people got on board with it. now this puts the studio in a strange position, because there are several really good designs already floating about on the internet, but they can't exactly take those exact ones and make them as it would probably cause some conflicts. I really hope that they just hire back the same designers and make it even worse. because I actually think the bigger the trainwreck that the movie is, the better it will be for publicity. we've already had one of the best movies ever made this year with a vendor's endgame. so why not one of the worst? it would be great. it would bring balance to the universe. and I've actually got to see it if they just kept it terrible. but now, if they fix it, it's probably just gonna be a mediocre mess, so I probably won't. this brings up the question that, should they fix the rest of this movie? like, if they have the power to do this, why not just CGI Chris Pratt back into it, as he was originally meant to be there? and James Marsden is probably good that he's gonna be in another bomb. it seems like a nice guy. I don't want the guy at being a bad movie. just fix your face, Sonic and everything. I'll be fine. obviously. I'd love to hear your thoughts on this. and if you wanted a train wreck, or if you're happy with what they're gonna do, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then make sure you check out my original reaction to the trailer, which will be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, it's scribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 