imagine you're attacked by vicious monsters coming from the sea. how would you beat them and how would you survive? in this video, we follow friend. he's a weather scientist traveling on an arctic mission to get to a nordic island. his predecessor has mysteriously vanished, and now it is for him to continue the research. looks like his boss doesn't like him very much. this story plays out in 1914, so we do not have access to phones, much electricity and other sources of comfort. this journey requires us to use different tactics. when our character arrives, it becomes clear that this is a hostile environment. not only is it cold, windy and harsh, but it also seems like his predecessor vanished in a rush. the house is completely messed up. not only does it look uncomfortable and kind of creepy, but it's also protected by wooden speares. now that would freak me out. why do we need this protection on an uninhabited island? it doesn't look like there are any dangerous animals here. the only thing you may find are fat seals, which, if we're honest, are hardly a threat. furthermore, the inside is completely messed up. why? if there is nobody living here and there aren't any large animals, how is it possible that this house looks like it was raided? if this was me, i would seriously reconsider this mission in the first half an hour on this island. i mean, once our crew sails off, we are completely on our own. we also hear that this island is far off any commercial routes, which means that once they are gone, there won't be any new ships passing by. meaning for 12 months, that's the length of our character's contract, we are completely stuck here. the red flags are there. but for now, let's see what we find on this island. the captain always treated me with the courtesy of an executioner. we find two important things. the good thing first, they come by a freshwater fountain. the bad thing, it seems to be owned by a guy named Gruner, at least that's what the carvings next to it say. when they arrive at the lighthouse, it becomes absolutely and 100% clear that there is something very strange going on. this lighthouse looks like a fortress. every opening is fitted with piercing spears, stopping anyone from entering, not just the fundament is secured like that, but every single window from bottom to top, that is red flag numero dos. the man they look for runs the lighthouse, pretty much the only other soul on this island. his name is Gruner. there you go. not very inviting, this Gruner, but we can't blame him. okay, he doesn't look like he's able to develop social skills up here. but anyway, none of our characters ask him about the insane amount of protection on this lighthouse. why not? that's literally the most important thing to ask, plus it is a very straightforward question, but they don't. and the captain and his crew are about to leave, which is a problem, because that means we need to decide if we want to stay or leave. you see, declining the offer to leave this island with them is one thing, but arrogantly denying the gun that is being handed to you as a means to protect yourself is foolish and stupid. this was a bad decision. if this was me, i would have not accepted the gun. i would have packed my bags and joined the crew without hesitation or regrets. no research would convince me to stay up here for 12 months, living next by a hostile neighbor who designed his home like a fortress to evade the dark forces of the sea. no chance. when nighttime arrives, our character goes through the records of his predecessor. skimming through the pages, he arrives at a drawing of a human eating monster coming from the sea. by now, leaving this island is not an option anymore. that is impossible, unless we can spot a ship off coast. so coming up with an emergency strategy is the way to go. how can i exit this house? are there any good hideouts in here? maybe a double floor or something similar? just knowing about any of these things would ease me up quite a bit. but our character doesn't bother. nope. he ignores all these very strange facts and just goes about his day. bad things are about to come. on the next day, he looks around his new home. that's a good thing. nothing important happens though, until he is spying out his only neighbor with his binoculars. but he just spots the naked men and join his freedom. nothing special, until he also spots a weird creature behind him. at second glance, though, it's gone. and he the rational man as he is, brushes it off as nothing important. again. alright. at this point, things are getting really strange. if this guy knows something that you don't know, then you either confront him directly, or at least stay vigilant. when the second night arrives, our character hears is a rumble on the outside. mind you, this island is free of any living beings. if you heard such sounds late at night in a place like this, you better brace yourself. friend gets up to check. let's be honest here, how creepy can a monster with duck feet really be? well, i guess we will find out. stomping on it, though, wasn't the best idea, i reckon. the grunting from the outside gets louder. if you want to survive this night, then you better hide. at this moment, we have no idea what is actually happening, so hiding and staying low key is the way to go. friend turns around, opens a trap door and hides inside. meanwhile, the monsters have entered the building. he uses a rope to stop the trapdoor from being able to open, which is a very smart move in all honesty. this small hideout here would become my best friend very quickly. but for some reason, he decides to peek through a small slit, and we get the shock of our lifetime. in the next morning, when he leaves his hideout, he finds his home messed up and pretty much in the same state as it was when he first came. now we know why. he does the obvious and walks over to the only person that might know what is going on. but groener, being the [ __ ] that he is, declines any sort of interaction. that's a death sentence. if there are monster is looking out for us at night, then we must find out who they are and what they want. most importantly, though, we must figure out their weakness. this is survival, and we need a plan. friend returns and prepares for the upcoming night. he cuts spares before he calls his home with wooden boards and tries to shield off any of the incoming monsters with a pretty pathetic construction. he also finds a rifle. at least if i were him, i would take this rifle and walk over to the lighthouse and make myself a guest without discussion. i would rather die by the hand of a man than being teared apart by monsters with duck feet. however, friend doesn't, okay? he stays back in his hut. and i find this a bad idea. if you decide to stay back, putting on a better boric collar, then those few lousy and dry wooden boards would have been better. this wouldn't keep a child out that is determined to enter my friend. the safest place though, is arguably the secret room underneath the trap door. the question though is, can these monsters remember? if yes, then they will know where you will hide. there is no way i would stay in here. i would either find myself a cave somewhere on the other side of the island or seek review, which inside the lighthouse. no matter what this old man thinks about it, one thing is clear though, if we want to figure out a solution, we must survive this night. first. friend braces himself waiting anxiously inside this hut, like me and cod zombie mode level 42. no speed cola and no juggernaut, my friends. okay, this situation is hardcore. we got a rifle with limited ammunition, and that's pretty much it. during his preparations during daytime, he also poured fuel over dry wood around the house, just in case. i mean, fair enough, but dude, i don't think this will end well. is this enough to survive this night? well, let's have a look. what a bad idea to stay in here. not sure what he thought about it, but it sure as hell wasn't enough. facing dozens of them at once is impossible to survive. he is visibly struggling and is about to give up. but then he remembers his emergency plan, lights up a torch, opens the door and throws it at the circle of fuel. the interesting thing is, the monsters run away, proving that the fire is an effective way to shield them off. if we have the resources to light up sustainable fires every night, we should be very secure. that is, as long as the resources allow. of course, friend takes a chance and runs out to hide behind a rock. it can get worse. uh, i'm sorry. the next day he returns, but finds everything burned to ash. not just that, but the realization that he's strikes too. how do you survive these nights for 12 months straight? well, you don't. but if you do want to have a chance, teaming up with your angry neighbor might be the only chance you have. of course, that is until a boat passes by, because there is no way i would spend more time here than necessary. also, always keep one bullet safe, just in case, you know. as he tries to confront gruner at the nearby fountain, something very unexpected happens. our neighbor seems to have a pet monster. how sweet. i guess this is what pokemon was in 1914. now, her character almost shoots her down, which is understandable. i mean, imagine you are attacked by a giant yellow rat trying to fry you with a million volt lightnings. you would shoot that thing down too, huh? but Gruner interferes. it looks like he is emotionally attached. and so our character uses this opportunity and blackmails him into giving him provisions and a sleeping place inside the lighthouse. thumbs up for that. a short while later, they move what's left from our character's cabin over to the lighthouse, and there we find out more of what's actually going on. in short, there is no revelation. Gruner tells us that they are attacked every night, and we need to stay alive. having the lighthouse available is strategically a great thing. by the way. we also have a generous amount of ammunition left, and we do have the light of the lighthouse. however, i would first consider why they attack. could it be that they just want her back? i mean, she doesn't look like a hostage, but we can't deny the possibility. this Gruner doesn't appear to be a very legit guy. what do you think? it is also important that they only attack at night and they do not like fire, meaning there is a good chance that they don't like heat. if that's the case, then all you need is metal plates and fire to shield them off successfully. but for now, let's begin the game now. basically, it's shooting down as many monsters as you possibly can until sunrise, and then repeat this every other night forever. this kind of sucks, if you ask me. and friend two has his issues with that. he's basically frozen in terror, not knowing what to do. he stands around and looks stupefied into the distance, as if he had a math class at 8 am. if you ask me, i will do everything i can, every single day to get away from this island from here on out, even if it means drowning at sea. what would you do? i'm very curious to hear your plan. it goes without saying that gruner isn't pleased about friends reaction of last night. we can't blame him. but what he pulls off is quite insane. the next night, when they brace themselves again, gruner turns around, leaves the balcony and shuts our character out. jesus, but if only this is necessary to remain safe inside, then why bother fighting? why not pull that lever every night and vibe inside to the menacing sound of flesh eating duck feet monsters? i don't know. when dawn breaks though, when gruner opens the window again, he finds our character covered in blood, but still alive. thanks for the ptsd, you see, the lighthouse looks very secure. i would establish a more secure barrier covering the windows and doors with the collected trash from alongside the shore. as long as we don't step outside, we should be good. sort of like dr neville and i am legend. another thing to notice is that the lighthouse light itself may attract these monsters. it isn't entirely clear. in one scene before, we have seen the pet monster gazing savagely into the light. logically speaking, if it's pitch dark and quiet. how would any of these monsters know that you are there? our characters, though, don't do any of that. nope. what they do is they repeat the fighting for many days to come, with no end in sight. what is worse than being stuck on an island haunted by nocturnal sea creatures? well, falling in love with them, of course. jesus christ, friend, please. this is not necessary. okay, let's keep things simple. look, i have no problems with interracial relationships, but this is a little strange. okay, but i guess that's what solitude does to you. maybe something good will come of it. i guess we will see. at home, gruner and our characters start to deepen their relationship as well. they play chess, that's what i mean. and their pet mob is being a pet mob. suddenly, gruner jumps up, grabs his gun and shoots down one of the monsters. almost entering the lighthouse. they have forgotten to prepare for this night. they struggle through the attack. there are just too many of the monsters having to fight with fists and kicks to avoid death. Gruner eventually is harmed when climbing off the ladder. at the same time, the light goes out as well. perfect timing, causing both of them to be stuck up there. well, gruner starts to sing, and for some reason that i have not yet figured out and probably never will, a minute later, the sun rises. and so we conclude that Gruner is either a magician or a funny dude. in any way, they survive the night. and for the next few days, the monsters do not attack, implying that it is not the light nor the pet that attracts them. during those days, friend continues searching the island, through her by the way, that he from now on calls Aneris. he finds a boat. thrilled about it, he goes back to tell gruner about it, who replies that he knew about it and that it belonged to Portuguese dynamite smugglers that suffered a shipwreck. being the quick-witted, guided friend is, he concludes that if they can recover the dynamite from the bottom of the sea, they might be able to exterminate these monsters with just one blow. Gruner first declines, but eventually changes his mind, secretly hoping that friend dies so that he gets back his solitude and his island. never trust a dodgy old man owning a pet monster, unless it is professor oak, of course. with their vintage dive set, they leave and hope to recover the dynamite. as friend arrives at the bottom of the sea looking like big daddy himself, he looks out for the dynamite caskets. he eventually finds them, hooks them up, pulls the rope and Gruner recovers them at sea level. at the same time, though, friend is surprised by aquatic monster kids having a blast around him. he loses balance and falls. not a situation you want to be stuck in, for sure. this is terrifying. however, having seen these kids playing just like human kids, strucks him. being the soft and kind-hearted guy that he is, he ponders about the war between them. what is the reason for this pointless bloodshed? now these are very noble thoughts, and i thought we might get a plot twist here, but the thrill of dynamite seems to be too strong. they continue by laying out the bombs though, and planned the detonation ahead. the only problem, no monsters have attacked for over three weeks, which suggests that these monsters do have a great sense of humor. i like that. as the days pass, gruner loses patience. he convinces his friend to lure them out. for that, our character has to position himself at the main door, while Gruner is at the top, waiting to activate the wire. but no monsters attack. now, perplexed by this, Gruner forces Aneris to sing. as she starts, we understand that she wasn't gazing savagely at the light before, but just howling with her peers. now our main character, though, doesn't like this at all. for him, treating this being with that level of disgrace is shameful. he is visibly against it. but what in god's name can you do about it? this is survival. if you don't want to be teared apart like your predecessors, then you need to do what you need to do. there is no place for compassion in here, at least not at this moment. now, as friend loses focus for a second, a monster appears and jumps him. this is the first time we can see one up front, apart from Aneris. now, they're physically much stronger and faster than humans. just with a great deal of luck, he is able to survive and escape. now the situation grows hectic. by now, hundreds of these creatures are storming the lighthouse. when gruner activates the bomb, it malfunctions, of course it does. however, friend comes for rescue and reconnects the wires, and then it's showtime. their plan was a success. they almost killed themselves, though, but let's ignore that. in daylight, the battlefield looks even more horrifying. hundreds of dead creatures plaster the ground, some of them still alive. now, friend almost can't take it, much other than gruner, who almost joyfully walks around and frees them from their suffering. the following night, the great wailing atones from the sea. the creatures mourn for their loss. and friend knows that what happened was a tragedy. Aneris disappeared as well. apparently, Gruner found her as a baby years ago, trapped in a fishing net. he freed her, but believed that she now owed him her life, which obviously is complete nonsense. it becomes clear that the real monster here is him. on the next day, feeling exhausted, sad and horrible about the event of last night, friend decides to create an offering on the beach. it's a sign of peace and truth. i think at this point, even if a boat passes, could you go back to normalty? just like that, the next day, the creatures come to accept the peace. but uh, doesn't happen. i see you, king of ___. Gruner jumps in between and threatens to continue the murders. he screams at Aneris, who has now joined us well, that no one is allowed to leave him, showing that most likely it was him who was the problem all along. who knew? now, gruner returns home, and just as we believe things may turn out well, he shoots down the child from afar, causing the truce and peace to be completely shattered. all this for nothing. every struggle and every death pointless. yet, bound to cycle forward, our character rushes back home and confronts gruner about his actions. a fight breaks out, and we get one last big revelation. friend reveals that gruner was the weather scientist that was believed to be dead, and that he was bound to replace. being reminded of that truth, gruner understands his misery, turns around, steps outside the lighthouse and is being teared apart by the monsters. and as of that moment, friend himself is taking his place and continues to struggle on this island without sharing anything with anyone. damn. what a strange, but kind of beautiful movie. there were multiple ways to survive this, but in the end, only peace could have truly led to a lasting change. how would have you survived these encounters? are you more the Friend type of person, or more the Gruner sort of person? let me know. and as always, binge another one. thanks for watching. peace. 