[Music]. nearly two years after Scott Lang was placed on house arrest because of his role in conflicts between the Avengers in violation of the sokovia accords, Hank Pym and his daughter, hope Van Dyne, briefly managed to open a tunnels of the quantum realm where they believe his wife, Janet Van Dyne might be trapped after shrinking to subatomic levels in 1987, because he also visited the quantum realm. Blanc receives an apparent message from Janet, with whom he is quantumly entangled, despite only having days left of house arrest and having been estranged from his two former associates, laying decides to leave a voicemail to Pym. soon after, hope and Pym kidnap Lange, leaving a decoy so as not to arouse suspicion from FBI agent. Jimmy woo, seeing the messages confirmation that Jana is alive, the trio work to create a stable tunnel so they can take a vehicle to the quantum realm and retrieve her. they arranged by a part needed for the tunnel from black market dealer sunny birch, who it turns out has realized the potential profit that can be earned from PIMs research and double-crosses them. donning the wasp outfit, hope fights birch and his men off, until she's attacked by a quantumly unstable masked woman. Lange tries to help fight off this ghost, but she escapes with PIMs lab, which has been shrunk down to the size of a briefcase. the three reluctantly visit PIMs estranged former partner, Bill Foster, who helped them locate the lab. the ghost restrains Lange, hope and Pym when they arrive, and reveals herself to be Ava star. her father, Elias, another former partner of PIMs, accidentally killed himself and his wife during a quantum experiment that caused stars unstable state. foster reveals that he has been helping star, whom they plan to cure using Janet's quantum energy. believing that this will kill Janet, Pym refuses to help them, and the trio managed to escape, opening a stable version of the tunnel. this time, the three are able to contact Janet, who gives him a precise location to find her, but warns that they only have two hours before the unstable nature of the realm separates them for a century. birch learns the location from Lange's business partners, Louise Dave and Kurt, and informs a contact at the FBI. Louise warns Lange, who rushes home before woo can see him violating his house arrest. this leaves Pym and hope to be arrested, allowing Starr to take their lab. lying is soon able to help Pym and hope escape custody, and they find the lab. Lang and hope distract star, while Pym enters the quantum realm to retrieve Janet. that the pair end up fighting birch and his men, which allows start to begin taking Janet's energy. Louise Dave and Kurt helping capacity birch and men so that laying in Hope can stop star. PIM and Janet arrived safely from the quantum realm, and Janet voluntarily gifts some of her energy to start to temporarily stabilized her. Lange returns home once again, in time for a now suspicious Wu to release him at the end of his house arrest. star and foster go into hiding in a mid-credits scene, Pym Lang, hope and Janet plan to harvest quantum energy to continue helping star. while Lang is in the quantum realm doing this, the other three disintegrate because of Thanos is snap at the end of Avengers infinity war. [Music], 