Welcome back to another movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of a film called 'Peninsula'. There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. In South Korea, a zombie epidemic erupts, and the government is overwhelmed in a single day. Captain Jung-seok of the Korean Marine Corps transports his family on a ship. He passes a couple with a little girl on the way, but he ignores their cries for aid since the guy is bleeding. Jung-family seok's board a ship where a zombie afflicted guy infects many others in a stateroom, including Jung-nephew seok's Dong-hwan. Because Jung-sister seok's will not leave Dong-hwan, Jung-seok seals off the cabin as zombies attack her. As armed troops approach, Jung-seok stops his brother-in-law Chul-min from entering. South Korea has been quarantined by other countries to limit the spread. Four years later, in Hong Kong, a guilt-ridden Jung-seok and Chul-min are recruited by Chinese mobsters for a mission with two other Koreans to travel to South Korea and collect a truck holding US$20 million, with the promise of receiving half of the money if they succeed. The squad gets on the peninsula by boat late at night and discovers the vehicle. The squad fends off and kills the zombie truck driver, causing additional zombies to appear. The squad flees when Jung-seok shoots many of them. On their journey back to Incheon Port, the crew is assaulted by Unit 631, a renegade militia that utilises light to lure additional zombies, causing the squad's vehicles to collapse. Chul-min hides in the vehicle as Jung-seok is thrown out. The other members of the team are slain, one by the accident and the other by Sergeant Hwang of Unit 631. Jung-seok is saved in a car by two sisters: Joon, a talented driver who can manipulate and kill zombies, and young Yu-jin. They rejoin their grandfather Elder Kim and mother Min-jung in their hideaway. Min-jung and Yu-jin were members of the family Jung-Seok declined to aid four years ago. Meanwhile, Unit 631 drives the vehicle back to their base. They confine Chul-min and force him to participate in two-minute survival games against unarmed zombies. Private Kim discovers the money in the truck and notifies Captain Seo, who calls the mobsters and devises a plan to flee the peninsula with the vehicle while keeping the plot hidden from the rest of Unit 631. Meanwhile, Min-jung learns from Jung-seok that the mobsters' ship is ready to pick him up and the truck in Incheon Port. She chooses to steal the vehicle with her family and Jung-seok in order to flee. Jung-seok and Min-jung attempt to steal the vehicle the following evening. Jung-seok finds that Chul-min is alive while holding Private Kim at gunpoint, and interrupts a survival game to save him, killing numerous zombies and Unit 631 troops in the process. Sergeant Hwang murders Chul-min after he protects Jung-seok from being bitten. Captain Seo is defeated by Min-jung, who saves Jung-seok from Unit 631. In the vehicle, Min-jung and Jung-seok attempt to flee the property, but are stopped by zombies. Joon, Yu-jin, and Elder Kim use their automobile to distract the zombies and liberate the truck. Unit 631 pursues the zombies with their vehicles, as zombies attack the humans. Sergeant Hwang is overrun by zombies after the family and Jung-seok successfully destroy the pursuing vehicles. Captain Seo ambushes the family at Incheon Port after killing Private Kim. He has Joon kidnapped. Yu-jin diverts Seo's attention in order to release Joon. Elder Kim guards Yu-jin, while Seo shoots him. Seo shoots Min-jung in the leg and flees to the ship in his truck. Seo is betrayed by the mobsters, who shoot him. Seo reverses the vehicle as he dies, allowing the zombies outside to enter the ship's cargo hold and murder the mobsters. Elder Kim passes away. A passing United Nations Chinook chopper is signalled by the family. Min-jung, who is injured, remains behind to create a route for Jung-seok, Joon, and Yu-jin to get away from the zombies. They get safely at the helicopter, but United Nations forces refuse to assist Min-jung. Min-jung prepares to commit suicide while surrounded by zombies. Jung-seok recalls Chul-min telling him that he didn't do everything he could to rescue their family, and he feels compelled to assist Min-jung. Min-jung resolves to live when Jung-seok shoots bullets into the air. With Jung-help, seok's she manages to flee the zombies. In a helicopter, the family, Jung-seok, and the UN forces leave the peninsula. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 