listen, imagine making the highest-grossing movie of all time, and then Evan Doolittle be your follow up. imagine somehow ending up as the second highest-grossing movie so far of 2020, even though they had a rough start, and still being in that they had paid Robert Downey around 20 million dollars to be in this movie. it cost a hundred and seventy five million dollars to make the whole thing. and even the people who they paid to see it for free at the test screenings didn't like it. this thing got pushed back after endgame, only to meet its own but really, you know, there's a problem when you're not even the best Doolittle installments. let me explain why. and I sent that to Gig and he goes, that looks right to me as a great let's do this movie. it's always it, you know? any mean, it's always that thing of you click and you go, here's my here's here's my cents. what do you think? and and then the other the gal or the guy, says, yeah, let's lean into that yet. don't say Robert Downey jr. now, I'll say that through his interviews, Downey has really talked about how much he enjoyed working alongside his wife, who served as producer in the film, on making this movie that his kids could see, since Avengers was pg-13, and they don't do that in their household. and how they themselves raised their own animals back home, truly believing that everyone, at some point or another has talked to an animal, be it their pet or the bugs that yell at on a daily basis. and I'm happy for them that said, he don't tuck me in and love me 3,000 at night. so for my 12 bucks, being heartfelt doesn't mean it's good, especially when you just throw money at things like this was supposed to be a children's film, you know, an adventure geared towards the whole family. and so they got the guy who wrote traffic, Syriana, call of duty ghosts'. they showed it to test audiences who acted like they saw another Universal movie. so they decided to push their spring day in 2019, right before Avengers 2, the dumping ground, that is January. they practically had three directors on this thing, because the producers wanted to make it sillier. and so it was delayed nine months. they changed the name from the voyage of dr. Doolittle to just do little for Americans. and in and after all of the delays, after maxing out that a hundred and seventy five million budget was marketing and reshoots, to the point that the observer claims the movie needs to make five hundred mil to break-even, what they figured this movie needed to be fixed was, see, there's a target audience, and then there's targeting the audience that said, this man was having a blasty blast on set. pretty much the story revolves around a vet who can talk to animals, but then goes m.i.a after his wife's death. it isn't until two kids show up to his place that he goes back to doctoring. but Tommy wanting him to fix Craig Robinson, the squirrel. and then this princess seeking help for the sick Queen. Dolittle chooses to give the squirrel mouth-to-mouth instead. but then they realize that they need another 80 minutes to stretch out this movie, so they add all these random dumb obstacles in order for him to help the Queen. there's a scene that's so bad it's good at the beginning that has Downey mumbling gibberish, because obviously, you know, in his house he just communicates with the animals. but they make the artistic choice that once the humans come into the picture to visit Dolittle, that this should happen. does that mean he speaking gibberish the rest of the movie in front of the human people? you know, I should have just put in asterisks, like when comics translate from Farsi. Robert also does a Welsh accent, the way he does indie films, it's a Welsh accent, right? Jackson, yeah, even Welsh people try not to do it. it was so bad, like the rest of the voice cast didn't even change their voice at all. I'm assuming they just, you know, wanted to keep them and they wanted people to know that it was dumb, since they dropped all the money for them. but granted, they then straight up ignore the setting. they chose the time period because they had John Cena playing a polar bear who sounds just like John Cena playing a polar bear. and since Koo Mouse ostrich, who sounds like Kumail, can see him, they spend the entire movie pulling dudebro jokes respects. rami malek is also in this after winning his Oscar, which cooked with Google. found his performance to be too convincing. but its first feature, after the gold, is this gorilla named Chi Chi Yu. as anxiety, Antonio was more pain than glory in this. I'm hearing bigmouth voices coming out of this dragonfly. Michael Sheen made the pirate from The Wiggles look like Akbar Abdi with what he did here. and then they really had Octavia Spencer say, how but a, it's a marvelous reunion with Tom Holland voicing a talk. and had I got Nami? will never know. seriously, I'm lost. banana makes perfect sense. the orange mental this is like being stuck in hell where the 101 minute running time drags longer than eternity. like the CGI. seems to be coming from different Studios. I don't know how this happened. look, some of it is super cartoony, while other animals look like first renders that they did on that new Lion King movie. many times the audio doesn't even sync. the ADR is so horrendous, you you could just tell all the overdubbing that was happening. the humans aren't even matching that animals highline's like they forgot to buy the tennis balls on set so the actors knew where to look. it's almost like one director directed it not knowing how to do CGI. so then they brought in another one super late to try to fix that. and when their budget got too big, they thought our wallets would fix it. Iron Man really died. so Dolittle could do little. and that's crazy to me, because I really do enjoy watching Downey's work. and if you follow the story to the point where he is now, it's insane, because thirty years ago, Robert Downey jr. couldn't even get one pitch through for an SNL sketch, and now he's a global icon who can get full productions on a whim. I just wish it was something better than do a little I think you guys for watching this movie. I'm Kecia. know your thoughts down below in the comment section. I didn't cover the end because I don't think I had an ending. but it's crazy to think that Universal had cats. no, I got this. I think the the final numbers for cats came in right there. and what happened with the box office. but I just thought, the music box theater is going to be running a drink along with, like I asked you, at first I thought, oh, no, they're gonna be showcasing this artisan film. now they're making fun of it. it's a part of that get drunk series. so at least, you know, it's crazy to think about it, but cats is definitely gonna make its money back once they, you know, they're gonna treat it like the room again. I don't know where they observed it, but according to the observer, Doolittle has to make up that budget, claiming it has to, you know, reach half of Billy. so that's, I, I think that's gonna be more difficult for it to do. I've seen grab your movies with less known actors have stronger legs, and Downey's fake ostrich, so maybe there is an opportunity, but we'll see. the voice acting again, I do like Kumail, and I'm not saying it because I don't want me, but every single character he voices is literally just the same inflections. and I'm hoping that with this new wave of voice acting with CGI, you know, because it was always animation, but now you've CGI is a new animation, this live-action animation. I'm really hoping they don't go this lazy route of just hiring talent and then not having them, I don't know, be talented like this. is not saying that there's anything wrong with keeping your saying boys, but voice actors are a thing, and I feel like they're just going the cheap route. it's not even cheap, but they're going the less creative route and just having voices, voice, if you know what I'm talking about. but I don't know, it's kind of annoying. it's been a problem. I hope they fixed it because, you know, I don't see where you're being so lazy when you have a hundred and seventy five million dollars on your movie. but that's what happens when you end up wasting that much money. here's to know your thoughts. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. 