[Music], hey, are you thinking about watching the new Deadpool movie, but you've forgotten what happened in all the other x-men films? well, no problem. here's a quick catch up. these films are big-budget, blockbuster examinations of racism and homophobia in America, mutant and proud. but sometimes the stories veer a little too close to being a soap opera. the first film opens in a world war ii concentration camp, when this kid freaks out and bends metal with his mind. his name is Eric, but he'll grow up to be the villain Magneto. years later, in Washington, a geneticist named Jean Grey is speaking against mutant registration, while the senator stirs up a lot of ante mutant bigotry, kind of like the Red Scare. there's even a list of names that symbolic elsewhere. there's a girl named rogue who finds out she's a mutant by accidentally absorbing a boy's memories after kissing him. rogue is unable to touch anyone without absorbing their memories and powers. she runs away and meets a cage fighter named Logan, also nicknamed Wolverine. he has amnesia, but can't give himself any memento tattoos because his mutant healing factor would erase them. he also has a metal skeleton, heightened senses and badass claws. he and rogue are ambushed by a mutant named Sabretooth, who has a lot of the same powers as Wolverine. and it's implied they have a backstory. learn about that later on. how you betcha a couple good guys, bring them to a special mutant school where Jean Grey works. the school is run by Charles Xavier, who can read to control people's minds, and dreams of living in peace with humans. he used to be friends with magneto, who now thinks that humans should be subjugated by mutants. magneto leads a group called the Brotherhood of mutants, who include Sabretooth, totu mystique. back at the school, wolverine wakes up and meets the mutant teachers there, who are also the x-men, a global strike force with an underground bunker, a secret jet and uniforms that look like body condoms. wolverine flirts with Jean Grey, hates her boyfriend, Scott, and there's also Halle Berry. storm who can control the weather. rogue joins the school and makes nice with a boy named Bobby, who controls ice. meanwhile, Magneto's evil plan is to use his powers to turn all the world's leaders into mutants while they're all visiting the Statue of Liberty. and also, hey, hear Stanley's first cameo. anyways, rogue runs away from the school, and they catch up to her at a train station. but magneto and his goons are there too, and they beat up the x-men and take rogue, because actually magneto needed rogue to implement his evil plan. they all put on their condom suits and go after magneto. storm fight stowed and unleashes this zinger, you know what happens to a toad when it's struck by lightning to everything, which was actually written by Joss Whedon, who also wrote the blockbusters Justice League. in Alien Resurrection, Wolverine fights mystique while she poses a bunch of times. then he fights Sabretooth and saves the day. afterwards, Logan hits the road to look for answers to his past. Magneto's in a plastic prison, and mystique is impersonating a senator. next there's ex to x-men United. it's a high-water mark for the franchise. i teleporting mutant named Nightcrawler attacks the president in the Oval Office. so General William Stryker gets permission to attack Xavier school. Logan hits dead ends in his search for his past, so he returns to babysit, while Scott and the professor go visit magneto and Jean and storm search for Nightcrawler. it turns out he's a former circus performer who was mind-controlled by Stryker into attacking the president. Stryker attacks the school, and the kids are helped by Colossus, a big guy who turns into metal Wolverine straight up murders a bunch of guys, while the military round up most of the kids. it turns out that Stryker knows Logan, but Logan has no memory of him. they escaped with rogue Iceman and a cocky young mutant named pyro. they go to ice man's house where he comes out to his parents as being a mutant. is that symbolic? pyro attacks some cops, until gene storm and Nightcrawler interfere and while all this is happening, Stryker kidnaps Scott and Xavier. Stryker uses his son's mutant ability to control people's minds, including the professor's. mystique breaks magneto out of jail, and they save the x-men from a plane crash. now the good guys have to team up with the bad guys to stop the greatest threat of all, the bigotry inside the human heart. mystique and Nightcrawler have this badass interaction. they say, you can imitate anybody and very not stay in disguise all the time. we shouldn't have to. symbolism. Jean and Logan make out for a minute, but she confirms that she really loves Scott. they figure out that strikers plan is to use Xavier and a duplicate of cerebro to kill every mutant in the world. they track him down to the same base Logan searched earlier. but this time they think to look underground. look in the basement. next time. look in the basement next time. they infiltrate the base, but Logan goes off to find the chamber where Stryker laced his skeleton with adamantium. he fights Lady Deathstrike, whose claws are slightly smaller than cardi B's, and wins by filling her up with metal. is that symbolic? they rescue the kids, and Scott his mind-control into fighting Jean, but then there's flames in her eyes, and she undoes the brainwashing. so what's that about? well, wait and see. also, you can actually see the team's earpieces in this movie, unlike in the Avengers. magneto shuts down cerebro, but then turns heel and uses the machine against humans. the x-men save the professor. pyro joins Magneto, and Jean sacrifices her life to save everyone. the movie ends with the flaming outline of a bird under the water. so what's that about? well, next up is x-men 3, The Last Stand, which I can't believe I'm saying this is not as bad as I remember. rewind to a flashbacks with young Charles and magneto meeting a young Jean Grey and teaching her to use her powers. and let's give a shout out to Wetty, because this is a great job de-aging these guys. fantastic work. proud of you. now fast-forward again to another flashback to 10 years ago, of a wealthy boy named Warren Worthington, who's growing angel wings, like in the movie Teen Wolf. the manifestation of mutants power serve as a metaphor for puberty. during the training exercise, we get a fastball special and meet Ellen Page, a Shadowcat who phased us through walls. and rogue is jealous, and she thinks that Bobby likes Shadowcat more because they can actually touch. and she's probably right. meanwhile, at the government, there's a department of mutant Affairs now, where we meet Hank McCoy, the Beast, old friend of the x-men and current cabinet secretary. Scott is really sad about genes deaths of Professor X one storm to take over someday. and because Halle Berry was a much more bankable star than James Marsden, Scott goes back to the place where Jean died to scream at the water. but then she comes back to life. how telekinetic cocoon. but she's evil now and kill Scott with kisses. it turns out that gene is the most powerful mutant ever, but had an alternate personality. called the Phoenix that was so evil the professor created mental blocks to keep it in check. meanwhile, beast tells the x-men that Worthington's company has made a drug that cures mutant powers. and rogue is all like, I would kiss my boyfriend now warns dad wants to try the mutant cure out on him, but he refuses and flies away in an underground blade club. mutants argue about the cure, and Magneto recruits a load of him to join his Brotherhood. the Brotherhood breaks mystique and a few other mutants out of jail, including the juggernaut, oh the jungle. but the cops shoot mystique with the cure, and now magneto is like humans, gross. but really, when she's normal, she still gets to look like Rebecca romaine, so that's not a bad life. gene wakes up, and now she's all hot for Logan, which is super because she just killed her fiance about ten minutes ago. her evil side takes over in Charles and Magneto both tried to recruit her, but she joins Magneto's team and pops the professor like a balloon. afterward, storm becomes leader of the x-men. warren and roles in the school, and rogue runs off to get cured. Magneto's army attacks Alcatraz, and, oh man, the Golden Gate Bridge has no luck in movies. the x-men show up and there's a big fight, while Jean stands on a hill and doesn't attack, for literally no reason. Warren saves his dad, while beast and Logan pump the Cure into magneto, turning him into a human, which is a nice reversal of the first movie when he tried to turn humans into mutants. but Gina still like mad evil, and she pills the flesh off Wolverines bones, and he's forced to kill her. rogue loses her powers, magneto kind of gets his powers back. and and Marvel's first post-credit scene, Professor X transfers his mind into his comatose twin brothers, brain dead body. next up, we're gonna rewind to the Year 1845, where two boys named James and Victor lived on a large estate. James is wealthy, and Victor's the son of the groundskeeper, who then kills James his dad. James grows bone claws kills him right back and finds out that the groundskeeper was his real dad, and Victor as his half-brother. and they run away together. and then we get an incredibly kick-ass montage where these two super-powered immortals fight a hundred years worth of wars and Vietnam, victor takes out a superior officer. they survive a firing squad and are recruited by young William Stryker, who's putting together a special team of mutants. one of them is a mouthy sword voting assassin called Wade Wilson. Logan eventually walks away from killing. fast-forward six years later, and he's working as a lumberjack. he's also living with a nice woman, who I bet lives a really long life. never mind Victor killed her. Stryker shows up and says, I can make you indestructible. then he pumps Logan full of adamantium. and a scene that looks a lot like David Fincher directed the First Avenger. he freaks out, meets a nice farm couple. they die, and his claws look about as realistic as the singing sword from Roger Rabbit. Logan goes around meeting a bunch of different mutants and saying things like, oh, hey Bob, what's up? gambit bikes, Buddy, Holly. and Stryker kidnaps all of these potential spin-offs for experiments. Logan finds out that Victor was actually working for Stryker all along, and so was his girlfriend, and she never actually loved him. then Wade, the funny, charming, handsome mutant from earlier, comes back as this guy. and Stryker calls him Deadpool, because he's a pool of dead people's powers. that's terrible. Logan fights Deadpool. really boring? yes, it is. and everyone is saved. striker shoots Logan in the head with an adamantium bullets, so now he has amnesia. the kids are freed, and they meet young Charles like, oh my god. who did this? who did this? affect hydraulics? no, this is why you only hire quality people like Wetty. now let's rewind again, back to young magneto bending metal in the concentration camp. a mutant Nazi named Sebastian Shaw teaches a little magneto to use his powers through anger. meanwhile, in Westchester, young Charles Xavier meet young mystique and they grew up to be the best of friends. fast-forward to the 1960s, and Charles is now reading girls Minds to get them into bed. he's soon contacted by Moira MacTaggert, a CIA agent who wants to stop the Hellfire Club, a group of Evil Mutants who are led by Sebastian Shaw. Shaw wants to start a nuclear war, because evil. meanwhile, magneto is travelling around the world and hunting down Nazis. he finds Shaw, gets his ass kicked, but Charles and the others show up to save him. now the whole group joined the CIA's mutant division, where the Beast works. but he has kept his mutation a secret. didn't ask, so I didn't tell. is that symbolic? magneto and Charles form a reluctant friendship, and they recruit mutants using cerebro. everyone then goes to Charles Westchester house and learns to use their powers. magneto a mystique hookup, and Hanks experiments on himself. backfire. the x-men stopped the Cuban Missile Crisis. magneto kill Shaw, but then goes heal and turns the missiles on the humans. classic magneto. Charles stops him, but takes a bullet in the spine. magneto leaves with mystique and a few other followers. later, Charles, he races Moira's memory with a super kiss stolen from Superman - yes. alright, let's rewind again to the end of World War two, where Wolverine is a prisoner of war in Japan. as the atomic bomb goes off, he saves the life of a Japanese soldier named Yoshida. fast forward to present day, and he's having night terrors after killing Jean. he gets pissed at some Hicks for killing his favorite bear, and a young woman shows up to bring him back to Japan. she's a mutant named Yukio, and her power is to see how people will die. she works for the same soldier whose life Logan's saved, but now he's the most powerful businessman in Japan. the old man offers to take away Logan's curse of immortality and use it for himself. Logan turns him down, but still loses his powers. in the tradition of great superhero sequels like spider-man 2 and Superman 2, the next day you Cheeta is dead. foul play isn't suspected, but it sure looks like this lady doctor viper is up to something, mostly because her name is doctor Viper, and there's a lot going on here with a conspiracy involving the government, the Yakuza ninjas, yashida's disinherited son, and everyone is trying to kill his granddaughter, Mariko. logan goes on the run with Mariko, and eventually the two fall for one another. and the next morning, Logan is able to bust out those Lumberjacks, kills Yukio comes back because she saw a vision of Logan's death. Mariko is kidnapped, and Logan destroys a robot that was on his heart, sucking away his powers. they track Mariko to the ninja compound, shout-out to Kurosawa, throne of blood, where dr. Viper is building an adamantium armor with the old man Yashida inside. it turns out he wasn't really dead, and he was actually behind everything along. what he tries to steal Logan's powers, cuts off his claws, but his granddaughter stabs him in the head. Logan used to view his power as accursed but now he sees it as an opportunity to be a champion for life. fast forward a couple years in Wolverine encounters Magneto and the professor at an airport, and they're all like, oh, we need your help, man. so fast-forward again by a decade or so to the future when mutants are being hunted down by robots called the Sentinels. Xavier and Magneto lead a band of survivors, including Wolverine and other people you'll recognize from the first three movies. they work up a plan to send Wolverines consciousness back into the past to stop the dystopia from happening. back in the 1970s, the inventor of the Sentinels, Bolivar Trask, who used to look like this, but now looks like this, was assassinated by mystique, and they used her DNA to make these killer robots. so rewind to the 1970s when Logan shows up at the x-mansion, but instead of teaching kids, Professor X is dressed like Eric Stoltz from pulp fiction and injecting himself with the drug that dampens his powers and helps him walk. mystique is in Vietnam, saving mutants from being sent to Trask at a young William Stryker, who used to look like this and now looks like this. Toth is there, remember him? they need Magneto's help to find mystique. and said they recruit a mutant with SuperSpeed named Quicksilver to break him out of jail. in what has to be the best seen in any x-men film. magneto and Charles still aren't cool with each other. they stop mystique, but magneto heel turns classic magneto, and the dystopian future is still happening. Trask convinces Nixon to make sentinels, which magneto uses to attack the president at the White House. mystique stops the assassination, prevents the dystopian future. Logan wakes up and Xavier's school to find the Scott and Jean are alive. so nothing in the last stand ever happens. to forget that. and Logan is fished out of the river by Stryker. so I guess he wasn't in Vietnam, didn't become a lumberjack and see his fake girlfriend killed. none of that happened either. wait, did any of this stuff happen. any of it from any of these movies. I guess everything from now on is part of an alternate reality. so now let's rewind again to ancient Egypt, which is ruled by an immortal power stealing mutant named apocalypse. while trying to take on a new body, he's attacked and ends up being buried for a few thousand years, until fast forward to 1983, when he's unearthed by Moira MacTaggert. now he looks like a Power Rangers villain, and begins recruiting mutants to be his Four Horsemen, including storms Psylocke and Warren Worthington, even though Warren was this exact same age. 20 years later, in another movie, an alternate reality, magneto lives a quiet life with his family in the woods. don't worry, nothing bad happens to them. and he doesn't have a role in this film at all. just kidding. humans kill them, and he retaliates by killing a bunch of dude. and he's recruited by apocalypse. Moira reconnects with Charles and fills him in on who apocalypse is. mystique saves Nightcrawler from an underground fighting Club. and brings him to Xavier's school. and I know that earlier in the future, they met for the first time. but an alternate reality, meanwhile, a young Scott Summers powers manifest, and his brother Alex takes him to Xavier's school, and no one has aged at all in the past 20 years. Scott meet Jean Grey. they sneak off to the mall and come back just as the school is exploding. Quicksilver saves everyone, but apocalypse kidnaps Charles, and Stryker shows up to start grabbing mutant kids, because that's what strikers do. these plucky mutant teens stowaway to strikers facility from all the other movies. they free the kids, stop Stryker and release Wolverine. apocalypse has a big, dumb, evil plan to end the world that also makes the professor go bald. the x-men stop him with a little help from Jean grace Phoenix side. and Magneto decides not to kill billions of people because mystique asked him not to. the x-men rebuild the school with help from Magneto. you know that mass murderer from earlier in the movie? and director Bryan Singer ends his last x-men film the way he ended his first x-men film. I feel a great swell of pity for the course. so after the rascal, there's a post-credits scene where the government steals Wolverines blood, which leads directly into Logan. fast forward to about the Year 2027, which is no longer the matrix type dystopia we saw before, but more like a sad Cormac McCarthy esque dystopia where mutants are slowly dying out. Logan is now a cab driver in a slowly being poisoned by his adamantium skeleton. he's looking after Charles, who takes drugs to suppress his dementia and seizures. a lady pays Logan to smuggle a little girl named Laura. it's a Canada, and it turns out that Laura's a mutant - taken from a hospital where she and other kids were genetically created from the DNA of the x-men. the military shows up, and everyone sees that laura has Wolverines powers, making her his daughter. the paramilitary guys attack, and Charles, Laura and Logan go on the run. they end up staying in a family farm. and just like Logan did all those years ago, an alternate reality. unfortunately, it ends up the same way. it's revealed that Charles psychic seizures killed his students, and then he's murdered by a savage clone of young Wolverine, who symbolizes the hero struggle with the demons of his past. the villains are led by a bad guy named Xander rice. years ago, he introduced the chemical into corn syrup to suppress mutations so he would have sole control of all the world's mutants. and sidebar, Rice's dad was killed when Logan first escaped alkali lake. bringing the franchise full circle and playing off the concept of original sin, Logan brings laurits the other young mutants, and they give him a drug to help amplify his powers, to temporarily make him savage enough to help them get away. Logan dies defending Laura, echoing this prophecy, holding your own heart in your hand. and what a fitting end to the x-men franchise. for screen crush, I'm Ryan Arry. post-credits, finally, we have Deadpool. we originally met him in 1975, and now it's modern-day and he's the same age. but remember, we are in an alternate reality. Wade Wilson is a badass assassin who falls in love with a woman named Vanessa. [Music]. everything is great until he gets terminal cancer. he volunteers for an experiment run by a guy named Francis who loves to torture wait. afterwards, wait is basically invincible, but he looks like a slightly more attractive Randy Johnson, so he doesn't want Vanessa to see him. he hunts down Francis to undo the procedure. he lives with the lady named blind owl. and his friend weasel gives him a superhero name from a fighting tournament called the Deadpool at his bar. on the way to catch up with Francis, Deadpool meets dopinder, who has a convoluted backstory straight from a Bollywood film involving his wicked cousin kidnapping his true love. anyways, Deadpool almost kills Francis, but Colossus and another x-man named negasonic teenage warhead, stopped him. oh, and Colossus has a Russian accent. now, Francis kidnaps Vanessa. Deadpool kills Francis and Vanessa doesn't mind his ugly face. in the x-men, franchise is reborn, until Marvel regains the rights and all of this is erased, and we get to start all over. for a screen crush, I'm Ryan Arry. [Music], 