welcome to movie summary. today, i'm going to explain comedy, horror film, sean of the dead. in crouch and london, electronics salesman. sean has no direction in his life. he is disrespected by his colleagues, especially noel. does not get along with his stepfather phillip, and is dumped by his girlfriend, liz. heartbroken, sean gets drunk with ed, his slacker best friend, at their favorite pub, the winchester. at home, sean and ed's flatmate, pete, complains of a bite wound from a mugger, and berates sean into getting his life together. that there's a woman in the backyard. they go to her and see that she's completely dazed. assuming she's drunk, they make fun of her, but when she attacks sean, he pulls her away, and much to their astonishment, she is impaled on a metal pipe. when she stands up, another zombie enters the yard. a zombie wanders in and tries to contact the cops while they are watching the news, but receives no response. they learn on television that the dead are resurrecting, and that the only way to defeat them is to remove the head or destroy the brain. they throw various objects at it, but it is finally incapacitated when ed slams an ashtray into its head. they proceed to the backyard, grab a shovel and a wooden paddle from the shed and beat the two zombies. now that they have discovered out how to kill them, they recall pete being bitten and attempt to contact him, but receive no response. sean attempts to contact liz, but receives no response. shawn's mother, barbara calls and informs sean that philip has been bitten and is slowly becoming ill. sean devises a plan to go to barbara's until philip arrives, then to liz's and finally to the winchester to hold out and wait for everything to blow over. they use pete's car to get to barbara's, where shawn finds philip and discovers he is still alive. shawn approaches barbra and enquires about her feelings for phillip. barbara is irritated and tells sean that he must maintain civility with philip, despite the fact that they clearly despise each other. sean informs them that they must leave, and philip is bitten on the neck. visit liz's home. sean notices david and diane when he walks in alone. he explains his proposal to them, and diane agrees, but david is unsure. sean eventually persuades them to arm themselves, and they do so. they meet at and pile into philip's small car, fighting and bickering over why they should go to the winchester. when philip awakens, he tells sean that being a father has been challenging. he explains that they met his teenagers and that he has always adored sean. he tried his hardest to be someone sean could look up to. but when philip died, he advised sean that he should take care of himself and barbara. shawn tells ed to pull over to the side of the road and tells everyone that philip has died. to their surprise, philip has returned as a zombie. and they stumble out. the group abandon the car and sneak through their london neighborhood, running into friends and evading zombies by imitating them. they take refuge inside the winchester, where shawn discovers that the winchester rifle above the bar is functional. barbara reveals she was bitten along the way and dies after giving liz and sean's relationship her approval. david attempts to shoot barbara, but sean stops him, causing the group to argue. sean accuses david of being in love with liz, which diane admits. sean, distraught, is forced to shoot barbara. when she reanimates, zombies break into the pub, devouring david, and diane rushes into the horde in an attempt to avenge him. the zombified pete appears in bite said and shawn shoots and kills pete. shawn, liz and ed take cover behind the bar, which sean sets ablaze, before the trio take refuge in the cellar. realizing they only have two bullets left, sean and liz contemplate suicide, while it elects to be devoured by the zombies. sean discovers a keg lift that opens out onto the street, and ed volunteers to stay with the rifle. as the zombies break in, the arriving british army guns down the horde and take shawn and liz to safety. six months later, civilization has returned to normal, and surviving zombies are used as cheap labor and entertainment. liz has moved in with sean, and sean keeps the zombified tethered in his shed, where they play video games together. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. the film was developed from an episode of simon pagan edgar writes sitcoms based the episode, art which was written by peg, along with his writing partner and co-star, jessica stevenson, and directed by wright, features the character of tim pegg, under the influence of amphetamine and playing the video game resident evil 2, hallucinating that he is fighting off a zombie invasion. knowing they had a mutual appreciation for george a romero's dead trilogy, pagan wright decided to write their own zombie movie. the screenplay was written by ryan and peg in eight weeks. they were inspired by films including night of the living dead and dawn of the dead, as well as raising arizona back to the future and the birds. the actors met three weeks before filming began for read throughs, where they also made changes to the script cast members from them include peg frost, stevenson and peter sarafinowicz. frost met peg when he was working as a waiter and was brought onto space. despite a lack of acting experience. frost explained that sean and ed have a dynamic similar to that of simon and himself in real life, as they had been living together for years. the film was shot over nine weeks between may and july 2003. write uses in camera transitions typical to his style to enable powerful visual storytelling. pegg also commented on the use of a magical realism style, which he says is part of right's direction. in its opening weekend in the u.s, sean of the debt earned 3.3 million us. dollars, taking seventh place at the box office despite a limited release to 607 theaters. as of june 2020, the film has earned 30 million 76 102 us. dollars worldwide in box office. the film was released only two weeks after zack snyder's 2004 remake, dawn of the dead. both are internationally distributed by universal pictures. sean of the dead received critical acclaim on rotten tomatoes. the film has a score of 92 percent based on 213 reviews with an average rating of seven. 80 tenths the site's critical consensus reads, sean of the dead cleverly balances scarce and witty satire, making for a bloody good zombie movie with loads of wit. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel. thank you for watching. 