welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and you're locked into the channel where we break down all the latest movies, TV shows, games and comics, as chosen by you the viewer. this episode, we're going to be going over DC's latest comic book movie, Joker, and why all of the clocks in the film are set to 11 minutes past 11:00. this motif pops about several times throughout the film, and in this video, we're going to be breaking down why this could be as well as what director Todd Phillips and star Joaquin Phoenix have said about the theory. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the movie yet and don't want anything room, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. the last thing we wanted to is wipe the smile off that face. so this is your last chance to back out. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of why all of the clocks and Joker are set to 11 minutes past 11:00. okay, so I've been talking to youtuber wars to you about this theory for the past couple of days, and we've both kind of been giving up our theories on it. I'm just gonna cover what I think this signifies, but make sure you head over to his channel after this video for more theories like this. and I'll link it in the description below, so you can see more of his stuff. anyway, throughout joker, almost every time that o'clock is seen, it points to the time, 11 minutes past 11:00. this seems pretty deliberate, and now Todd Phillips denies that it has any meaning behind it. it pops up far too often just to be a coincidence, unless someone on the set is just really, really lazy. the first instance that this happens in is during Arthur's meeting with his psychiatrist. sat in her office. he talks about his mental state as well as the Journal of jokes that he's been keeping, though the hilarious jokes in there all caught our attention the first time around when re watching the movie, on the back wall of the office, you can see a clock set to 11 minutes past 11:00. though this doesn't seem like anything special. during the conversation, the talk back and forth moves to Joker's time in Arkham Asylum, and we do a quick cut him trapped in a Cell, banging his head against the wall. in the top right, in a similar position to the psychiatrist's office, we can clearly see another clock set to the exact same time. now, I'll get into what I think this means later, but to me, this is set like this at the same time on purpose, in a similar position, for a very specific reason. later in the film, Joker is fired from his job as a clown for hire for taking a gun to a children's ward. upon leaving his job, the character punches out and dramatically smashes the clock off the wall that is used to keep time cards. again, the time on this is exactly 11:11. and once more, it carries forward this motif of being a specific time that a big moment for the character happens. another appearance of a clock later in the film comes when Joker is in the dressing room of the Murray Franklin Show. we get a look at a clock that displays the time around 10:40. and no, this is not the time that we've been obsessing over in the video. this for it's a safe assumption to make that by the time Joker gets on the show and eventually shoots Murray, that it would be roughly about 11 minutes past 11:00. now, whilst this is purely guesswork, I think it fits in with the prior evidence in the movie. and its immense, for me, at the very least, that this has been put there for a very specific reason. now, if we go above and beyond in our research, then the numbers 11:11 have a very special meaning to them that dates back over centuries and has been present in our culture for a very, very long time. this is because in the King James Bible, Jeremiah, chapter and verse 11:11, the following passage can be found therefore, thus saith the Lord, behold, I will bring evil upon them which they shall not be able to escape. and though they shall cry unto me, I will not hearken unto them. this pretty much sounds like it is referring to jokah directly. was very much getting revenge on a city and people that he abuses, wronging him, which we see throughout the film. those who've seen the film us by Jordan Peele may also remember that 11:11 pops up throughout that movie, and is referring to the same thing that I believe that jokah movie is hinting at. anyway, another theory that seems to be gaining weight because of the time on the clocks throughout the movie, is that the events of the film on the whole may be taking place predominantly in Joker's head. first off, we know that the character is prone to delusions. throughout the film, imagining that he's on the Murray Franklin Show as an audience member. secondly, in believing that he and his neighbor Sophie are having a romantic relationship, both turn out to be untrue. and it's possible that this brief glimpse at the asylum that we see early on in the movie and then at the end, are actually the real circumstances that Arthur is in, and he is simply making up the story. The Joker famously states in the graphic novel The Killing Joke, by Alan Moore, that if he has a past, he would prefer to be multiple choice. and this story that is shown purely from Arthur's perspective could be made up by the character in order for him to weave a narrative that he was the son of a rich billionaire that cast him to the side, and he ultimately ended up bringing down the family by causing an uprising where he was seen as a hero. it's definitely possible. and it does seem very strange that the clocks in the movie are all at the exact same time when Arthur has a defining moment in his life, search is leaving his job or getting revenge on someone that nationally mocked him. though, it seems like there is a lot of evidence to support this. however, Todd Phillips is flat-out denying it has any correlation at all. and in an interview with cinema blend, the filmmaker said the following when discussing the matter, it's a coincidence. no, I mean, I don't know. I think it's a coincidence. that's two times. is there another time? no, no, that's just interesting. backing this up. Joaquin Phoenix also said the following when asked about the theory and if the numbers held any significance. Paul is dead. Paul is dead. the Beatles. what I'm saying is, I do know that there are some things that we put in, whatever the f you call them. yeah. I mean, I think some of them you might read into that's the Paul is dead joke that I'm making. but no, eleven, eleven, it didn't mean anything to me personally. but those who don't know, this Paul is dead thing is a reference to the conspiracy theory that was floating around the 60s that had some fans believing that Paul McCartney of the Beatles had died and being replaced by an actor that had plastic surgery in order to look like him, so that the band could continue to make money for the record label. I don't want to get too much into the detail of it, as it's a little off topic, but it's definitely something that's worth looking into if you have any more questions on it. there's a lot of evidence to support the theory, but then why didn't they do it when John and I look? never mind back to the subject at hand, it looks like they are both being pretty coy about this and denying that there is any further meaning to it. so, hey, maybe it could just be that a broken clock is Right twice a day. I really don't know. but personally, I think it seems far too much of a coincidence to simply be put there unintentionally. could Phillips himself be lying about it? I don't know. but it adds another layer to what is already a film full of Miss cyrex false truths and events that are guided purely by perspective, which massively makes this movie worth returning to for one more visit, just to see if there's anything else that it could be hiding. this is a film that is about someone who doesn't have a full grip on reality. and it's great watching people question every aspect of the movie and really picking it apart. it shows just how complex of a film that this truly is. and similar to the Joker himself, how much more there is going on beneath the surface that needs to be examined. it's why the character has been one of the best films ever created since his inception over 80 years ago. and hopefully this video has helped you to gain a new appreciation for the movie, so that next time you go back and watch it, you start coming up with your own theories on exactly what is going on and why certain things that are part of the set are made in certain ways now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this theory, and if you agree that the clocks ever had meaning to them, or if you just think that it's all one big coincidence, as Phillips and Phoenix say. did the movie happen in his head? is Paul dead? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the hidden countdown in the background of Joker that signals the birth of both the character and Batman. we went through the entire movie and pointed out every time the numbers counting down to their arrival appeared. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to see some more fan theories on the film. thank you everyone who voted yesterday as well. I will definitely get around to covering the other things in the poll. I just wanted you guys to choose the topic for today. if you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server, which would be linked in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with all the latest videos on the channel. so hopefully you see over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3, part 1, boxer, which contained Civil War, dr. strange, homecoming, Ragnarok, amor. and all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning, it's like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on this theory in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen on the 15th of November, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 