welcome to movie summary. today, i'm going to explain epic historical war film troy. a battle between the greek armies of king agamemnon of mycenaean king triupus of thessaly, is quickly averted when the great warrior achilles, fighting for agamemnon, easily defeats triumphus, champion in single combat. after achilles was initially absent from the battle, thessaly joins agamemnon's loose alliance comprising all of the greek kingdoms. prince hector of troy and his younger brother paris negotiate peace with menelaus, king of sparta. however, paris is having an affair with menelaus wife, queen helen, and smuggles her aboard their homebound vessel, much to hector's dismay. upon learning of this, menelaus meets with agamemnon, his elder brother, and asks him to help destroy troy and retrieve his wife. agamemnon agrees, as conquering troy will give him control of the aegean sea. agamemnon has odysseus, king of ithaca, persuade achilles to join them. achilles, who strongly dislikes agamemnon eventually decides to go after his mother. thetas tells him that even though he will die, he will be forever glorified in troy. king priam is dismayed when hector and paris introduce helen, but welcomes her and decides to prepare for war. the greeks eventually invade and take the trojan beach, thanks largely to achilles and his mermaids. achilles has the temple of apollo sacked and has a brief confrontation with hector. he claims british ace, a priestess and the cousin of paris, and hector as a prisoner. afterward, however, agamemnon spitefully takes pre-shaves from achilles, and achilles decides he will not further aid agamemnon in the siege. the next day, the trojan and greek armies meet outside the walls of troy. during a parley, paris offers to duo menelaus personally for helen's hand in exchange for the city being spared. agamemnon, intending to take the city regardless of the outcome, accepts menelaus wounds paris, causing him to cower at the foot of hector. when menelaus attempts to kill paris, despite his victory, he is killed by hector. agamemnon then leads an attack on the trojan army, which is outnumbered two to one. hector kills ajax after a brief but fierce duel, and many greek soldiers fall to the trojan archers and infantrymen. with achilles and the myrmidons watching the battle from a distance, on odysseus insistence, agamemnon gives the order to fall back. after ajax and menelaus are cremated in the greek camp, agamemnon and odysseus argue about why they lost the battle. agamemnon gives brishace to the greek soldiers for their amusement, but achilles saves her from them. later that night, brishay sneaks into achilles quarters to kill him. instead, she falls for him, and they become lovers. achilles then resolves to leave troy, much to the dismayed patroclus, his cousin and protege. despite hector's objections, priyam orders him to retake the trojan beach by daybreak and force the greeks to return home. the attack unifies the greeks and the myrmidons enter the battle. hector duels a man that he believes to be achilles and kills him, only to discover that it was actually patroclus. distraught, both armies agree to stop fighting for the day. achilles is informed of his cousin's death by eudorris and vows revenge. after striking him. the next day, achilles arrives outside troy and challenges hector, knowing death would await him. the two duel outside the gates, and initially appear evenly matched, but hector is slowly worn down until achilles throws a spearhead into hector's shoulder before stabbing him in the heart with his sword. achilles then drags his corpse back to the trojan beach. priam, in disguise, sneaks into the camp and implores achilles to return hector's body for a proper funeral. ashamed of his actions, achilles agrees, and also states that hector was the best that he had ever fought. he allows british ace to return to troy with preem promising a 12-day truce so that hector's funeral rights may be held in peace. he then apologizes to you doris for hurting him and orders him to take their men back home without him. agamemnon declares that he will take troy regardless of the cost. concerned, odysseus concocts a plan to infiltrate the city. after seeing a carving of a horse by a greek soldier, he as the greeks build a gigantic wooden horses a piece, offering an abandoned the trojan beach, hiding their ships in a nearby cove. despite objections from paris, who requests for it to be burned down, prim orders the horse to be brought into the city after archetalis views it as a gift intended for calming the gods. a trojan scout later finds the greek ships hiding in the cove, but he is quickly shot before he could alert the city. that night, the greeks hiding inside the horse emerge, including achilles, attacking the sleeping trojans and open the city gates for the greek army, commencing the sack of troy. while andromache and helen guide the trojans to safety through the tunnel. the defenders outside the palace put up a heroic resistance, but they are no match for the numbers of the greeks. when the palace gates are breached, the few trojan soldiers left kill many greeks, but are ultimately overwhelmed and slain. while paris escapes, agamemnon finds and kills priyan by impaling him with a spear. he later tries to capture british ace, who then kills agamemnon by stabbing him in the neck with a concealed knife. achilles fights his way through the city and reunites with brishace after rescuing her from agamemnon's two greek soldiers. paris, seeking to avenge his brother, shoots an arrow through achilles heel and then several into his body. achilles takes out all the arrows but the one in his heel. he then bids farewell to british ace and watches her flee with paris, before dying in the aftermath. troy is finally taken by the greeks, and a funeral is held for achilles odysseus personally cremates his body while the surviving trojans flee to mount idaho. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel. thank you for watching. 