[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a science fiction action film, cosmic sin. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. in the year 2524, the technology is so advanced that humans are able to set up colonies on planets like mars and allura. for years, humans have been collecting resources on those plants, but there hasn't been any alien encounters on the desolate alien planet, two scientists are going to play a hormone game during a break. suddenly, the female scientist hears some movement outside and sees there is a spaceship landing nearby on the monitor. her boyfriend thinks it doesn't make sense, because, except for the two, there are no other living things on this planet that could ever interrupt their hormone game. to ease the female scientists concern, her boyfriend grabs a machine gun, goes outside and starts shooting into the darkness. he assures her that they are 100 absolutely alone. her boyfriend goes out again, but never comes back. no matter how much she calls him, there is no response. the female scientist gets nervous and reports an alien encounter to the spaceship. very soon, word spreads of an alien encounter. back to earth, a general is astonished to hear the news, as it is the first contact with aliens. soon he gives orders and gathers the team up, including an old soldier called ford, who is at a bar brawling. right at that time, during the fight, everyone pulls guns out and points them at each other. right then the police arrive. they all put their guns back and leave as soon as they hear the sirens. however, the police are not coming here to stop the fight. they are here to offer ford a job. ford was dismissed from his duty for causing 70 million casualties using the q bomb under the order of the alliance. if he accepts the offer, he can get a reinstatement. it appears the alliance is having some issues at a headquarters. ford meets his old acquaintance, doctor dot goss. the meeting is a bit awkward, as dr goss doesn't like ford. dr goss is very excited, for she thinks the first contact has a significant meaning. at least it shows humans are not alone in the universe. but ford thinks differently, and hopes the alliance can prepare some q bombs in case the aliens are not friendly, as expected. a female engineer gets an emergent mission to help the alliance activate a cue bomb. in the meantime, the human survivors on planet elora have returned to earth in a spaceship. dr goss has them sterilized as soon as they get off the ship. however, before they are quarantined, they start to change. they are all infected by parasitic aliens. these infected survivors attack the security guards and infect them too. the aliens are hostile, but dr goss urges the security guards not to shoot, and then leaves there quickly. under the protection of the security guards, one of the security guards can't help himself and shoots at one infected survivor's body. to their surprise, the bullet doesn't hurt the survivor at all. the security guards shoot again. this time, the survivor is shot in the head and dies. they realize that the infected survivors need their brains intact to function. all the people evacuate immediately and seal off the area with the infected people inside. the alarm in the base alerts ford and other people at the headquarters. the infected survivors kill a security guard in front of dr goss but she still wishes to negotiate peacefully with the aliens. she is fascinated by them and want to admire the masterpiece of god. a security guard shoots the infected survivor, seeing she has a gun in her hand. it turns out the infected survivors, controlled by the alien parasites, have a strong learning capability, so they learn quickly how to shoot and fire back. there comes a fierce exchange of fire between the infected survivors and the security guards. not long after, the general comes and joins the fight. however, the situation goes worse and runs out of control. more and more people get infected. the general helps the wounded and encourages them to continue to fight. a girl is killed in front of the general, which enrages him. before the infected survivors rush out of the gate, ford backs up with a rocket launcher and helps the group win the fight. after the fight, they have a meeting about how to deal with the hostile aliens. dr goss insists it is possible to coexist peacefully with the aliens. others don't agree with her. they think the aliens might attack earth. the general believes that what happened to the base was an attack against humanity. therefore, he dismisses the doctor and decides to strike first. soon word comes from the front line that there are more alien spaceships gathering on allura, and that an alien spaceship was shot down in a battle. the group hold an emergent meeting to discuss their next move. if they can find the wreckage, they might be able to track the radiation back to the alien's homeworld, then they can wipe them out with a cue bomb. however, an engineer spots out a problem. when the aliens arrived on earth, they must have sent earth's coordinates back to their home plan, meaning that the location of earth has been exposed. the aliens could launch an attack at any time. also, a q-bomb is powerful, but very unstable. if used in the wrong way, it could have devastating consequences and open a black hole. later, the general decides to bring a team to the front line. when everyone is suited up, they travel to the front line by a quantum jump gate, which can transfer them to the destination in a flash. after arriving, the space battle between the humans and the aliens is being waged. the human forces appear to be losing, and the aliens gain the upper hand. fortunately, the group managed to pass safely through heavy gunfires. but ford gets separated from the others because there is too much wreckage in his way. and the general gets hit by a piece of wreckage and drifts away. soldier mustache is with the engineer and soldier handsome. while ford and the general are offline, they don't know if they are alive or not. soldier mustache asks the engineer to check if q-bomb is all right. luckily, q-bomb is fine. not long after they arrive at the planet, they are ambushed by the aliens, which are all the infected humans being controlled. soldier mustache gets shot and is seriously injured. there are too many aliens and they can't hold out any longer. at the critical moment, another human squad comes for their rescue. they are survivors on planet elora. once humans are infected by the alien they can't talk, so it's easy to verify if they are allies or not. with the help of the army, led by yellow hair, they defeat the aliens. soldier handsome tells yellow hair their plan, hearing they are looking for the wreckage of the alien ship. yellow hair expresses a willingness to help them. soldier mustache is transferred to the orbital cannon to get medical treatment, while soldier handsome goes to find the wreckage with yellow hair. they search around, and very soon, yellow hair and soldier handsome find the crash ship. some aliens are in the middle of repairing it. through testing, they confirm that the wreckage leaves a radioactive signature. when soldier handsome is about to send the coordinates his equipment is interfered with by an alien signal. yellow hair suggests they don't do anything rash. it's better they go back to the orbital cannon first. it would be easier to get signal out there. on the other side, ford also lands on the planet safely, but because he has changed his tracks many times, he doesn't land in the same position as his teammates, who presume he is dead. not long after his landing, he is captured by the aliens and is held captive in a cave. an alien is controlling his mind and wants him to join them. before the alien succeeds, ford is found and saved by soldier handsome and yellow hair. then they head to the alliance outpost. together there, they learn how the aliens infect and control people. the aliens transfer parasites to humans through blood. once the infection spreads, people will become the aliens puppet and their army. even at the orbital cannon, they can't send out the coordinates because there is too much tachyon interference. they can't fire the q bomb either. in the meantime, soldier mustache is weakening and his condition is getting worse. ford can't bear to see him suffering, so he euthanizes soldier mustache. the engineer suggests going into orbit to fire the q bomb, but they are not able to get into orbit with the tachyon interference. while they are discussing what to do, they see the aliens have built a stable space gate in orbit. the aliens intention is obvious. they want to send an army to earth, which is the easiest way to wipe out humankind. ford comes up with an idea that they could fire the q bomb to blast the space gate and the alien enemy. but in that way, the explosion from the q-bomb will create a black hole. everything on the planet, allura, will be sucked into the black hole to save earth. ford decides to get the orbital cannon back online so they can fire the q-bomb and collapse the space gate. just before they take action, the engineer receives a signal sent by the general whose suit was damaged and remains in space. having known ford's plan, the general volunteers to help detonate the space gate. he asked the engineer to fire the q bomb through the space gate to destroy the enemy on the other side. he will destroy the space gate with the explosives on him, so that a black hole will not be created. in this way. he also requests the engineer not to tell the others. in the meantime, ford and his team are preparing themselves, as the aliens could attack the outpost at any time. when the aliens arrive at the outpost, they see that dr goss has been infected and has become the leader of the alien army. from dr goss, they learn that the aliens are a warlike species. they are born to be invasive. dr goss persuades ford to surrender, but ford refuses. dr goss leads the infected human attack on the outpost. then both sides fall into a fierce fight. yellow hair shoots the aliens from an elevated position. the human soldiers are holed up inside the outpost and losing the fight. after a while, when dr goss flies back to the space gate to organize the main forces, ford clings to her ship and follows her. later, the alien's main forces begin to pass through the gate, but the general still hasn't detonated the bomb to destroy it. the engineer can't wait any longer, so she launches the q-bomb. to everyone's surprise. dr goss intercepts the q bomb with an energy shield. seeing that, ford comes forward and hits dr goss. because of that, the balance of the energy shield collapses, which finally allows the q bomb to pass through the gate. right then, with a deadly blow, ford sends the q-bomb and dr goss into the transfer tunnel, while he himself has bounced back to planet elora by its blast wave. in the meantime, there's something wrong with the general self-destruct device. so he gives his coordinates to the engineer and asks her to fire another bomb at him. together with the explosives he is carrying, he can destroy the space gate. the general is soldier handsome's father. he doesn't want to see his father sacrifice himself, but for the humans future, he presses the launch button. with the massive explosion, the space gate collapses, sealing the entire alien army in the war between humans and the aliens ends and earth is saved, once again. this is daniel cc movie, channel, peace out. 