hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alert. today we're gonna be talking about the 2001 film, Mission Impossible, - the second film in the Mission Impossible series. so let's get started. the information about this movie somewhat relies that you've seen the previous film. if you need a quick reminder, watch my spoiler by clicking the link below. the film opens with a Russian biochemist, dr. Vladimir, of bio site pharmaceuticals, injecting himself with a new bio weapon known as chimera. chimera is a highly deadly virus that dr. Vladimir was forced to make by his company. dr. Vladimir plans to take the cure, known as Bellerophon, to the United States aboard a plane, where he is met by a man who is disguised as Ethan Hunt. dr. Vladimir is attack, the Cure is stolen and the plane is crashed, killing dr. Vladimir and the passengers aboard. dr. Vladimir was able to contact the IMF prior to his death, and they're worried that the former IMF agent, Sean Ambrose, is behind the attack, and were released the virus Ethan's team consisting of computer expert Luther stickell, who is in the first film, pilot Billy braid, and a professional thief, naya-a Nordhoff Hall, who is the ex-girlfriend of Sean. the team investigates Sean's headquarters and also investigates Sean at a horse racetrack, and are able to steal some information from him about the Chimera virus, the discoverer. once a person is infected, they only have a 20 hour window that the cure Bellerophon can be used, and after that, the infected person will die. the IMF team then kidnaps John C. McCoy, the CEO of bio-psych pharmaceuticals, who developed the virus and the cure. they find that Sean only has the cure to the virus, but not the virus itself. so the IMF team attempts to break into the bio psych facilities to destroy the remaining virus. however, Sean is there with his men. Sean also brought Naya with him, who he uses to retrieve the virus, knowing that Ethan will not shoot her. nya, however, injects herself with the last remaining strain of the virus infecting herself. she knows that this will protect her from being killed by Sean, at least until he can find a way to properly use the virus. Sean decides to let an eye out in the streets of Sydney and hope of triggering a pandemic, causing a massive demand for the Cure Bellerophon. Shawn also forces McCoy to sell them enough shares of bio site to give Shawn the majority control. with the incredibly high demand for Bellerophon, bio sites stock price will greatly increase, making Shawn and obscene amount of money. however, Ethan breaks in the meeting and steals the samples of Bellerophon. nya has walked to a cliff side in order to kill herself and keep herself from other people, to prevent them from getting the virus. there is a long chase, than a showdown, between Shawn and Ethan, but Ethan wins in the end and gets the cure to nya. there is no sign left of the virus and mission is complete. the IMF clears Maya's criminal history, and Ethan continues this vacation with her in Sydney so that was the spoilers for Mission Impossible 2. if you have a film that you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 