Hi a pandemic that was deliberately created so that a few people could make big profits from selling the antidote two women screamed hysterically after seeing a mysterious worm coming out of a man's body then the driver's license was transferred to a man named Jaehyo where he was a former Professor in the field of biochemistry he lost  All of his money when investing in stocks forced him to work as a drug salesman at a pharmacy. Ji Hyuk has a wife named Game Xeon and two children named Junwook and Yi Ji Hyuk has a younger brother named Jevil who works as a detective. He handles a case where the body of a person is found.  woman who was reported to have been missing for several days when her body was found The woman was very pathetic, very thin and black the next day again found many human bodies in several Jibril rivers and went to the lower Han river where the first case was detected On the face of Hai, he suspected that the water in the river had been contaminated with dangerous substances, but the manager there denied this. Jibril was very confused about this case and because she was tired, she decided to spend the night there. When she woke up in the morning, she was very surprised because she found the body again.  which there are even more in the River, his fellow detectives called and said that the test results from the water in the Han River were very clear and not polluted. Hearing this, Jevil became even more confused about the cause of all that happened. The discovery of this body was not only found in the river but also in the river.  every place that had water until one day the body of a man was found in his bathroom bathtub, from inside the man's body came out a strange worm, many of which were then taken to the laboratory of the Korean National Health Agency for further investigation. A professor said the worm was named yungas i. yes  That's the type of worm found there, if like a grasshopper, the eggs of this worm are in the water and may enter the human body through the anus or mouth, then the worm will look for a place to breed. The person who becomes the host will have a very high appetite but  does not gain weight after that the person will feel thirsty continuously to encourage his desire to enter the water in the water the worms will come out of the person's body and get ready to lay eggs enough worms come out from the body resulting in people being attacked by attacks  The government immediately announced it to the public and caused panic. Jihyuk's wife and children turned out to have gone to the Han River for summer vacation and without realizing they had contracted the parasitic worm and Ji Hyuk began to see his family have the symptoms as announced  eaten by the government jihyuk then invited his family to go to the hospital but it didn't Hi because his wife and children were sometimes out of control due to dehydration yoonjo, Jevil's girlfriend, works at the Korean National Health Agency, he is part of a team tasked with finding an antidote for this epidemic of worms  This parasite is a new type, so it is not easy to find an antidote, even ordinary worming drugs actually make people who are infected go into convulsions and die. On the other hand, the number of people who are infected is increasing day by day, more and more governments are issuing policies to quarantine people who are infected in an area.  sports arena to prevent them from looking for water sources that could harm their wife and children. j-hope was also replaced. Now there, meanwhile, on the other hand, Gmail, which is on the Han River, met with the manager of the river. At that time, the manager told me that one night before summer vacation there was a  suspicious group of people who dumped dog carcasses into the river But because he didn't want to lose his visitors he didn't report it Hi in a hospital a patient was found who recovered from the parasitic worm outbreak after taking a drug called windazol the government then spread information about the discovery  and make people scramble to buy windazol but the drug is very difficult to get because it turns out that the drug is no longer produced as well as Ji Hyuk who is very difficult to find the drug in the midst of his confusion his friend who works at a pharmacy said that there was windazol in stock that he could buy but  at a high price without thinking, let's go straight to his friend after successfully buying the drug and will return to meet his family he sees a mother hugging her child who is in pain Ji Hyuk feels sorry and gives some of the medicine but  n unfortunately there were people who saw the incident the man screamed and made jihyuk attacked by people who wanted to take his medicine and that resulted in the drug being destroyed .  the police came and arrested the dealer. On the other hand, the owner of a matchmaking pharmacy that produces windazol named James Kim is being tried by the President and some government officials have asked for windazol to be produced again but James Kim did not immediately agree to that and asked the government to buy some shares of joa so that the formula  windazol can become the property of the government Jibril goes to meet his friend who works in Pharmacy joa he threatens his friend to tell him about the windazol drug and there the truth is revealed his friend told me that far away Pharmacy caused this epidemic to happen they made an experiment about worms  A new type of parasite that can only be killed with windazol the worm is then inserted into the dog's body and the dog is dumped into the river. the warehouse and there they found a lot of windazol medicine but when they were about to take the medicine an unknown person threw fire into the warehouse and locked them slowly they started to lose consciousness due to difficulty breathing luckily Yeon Joo came to save them and  take them to the hospital. The president is about to sign an agreement to buy Gowa Pharmacy shares so that windazol can be produced again, but a minister comes and whispers something. It turns out that the minister informed about Gowa Pharmacy's rottenness so the president canceled signing the agreement, meanwhile Ji Hyuk who  repeatedly failed to get the antidote started to think of the antidote formula with his background as a Professor of biochemistry he then went to Joa Pharmacy and took ingredients to make medicine the workers there Gom and helped j-hope make medicine short story ingredients ingredients  the medicine is distributed to several pharmaceutical factories so that production can run faster, the medicine is distributed immediately to each patient and the epidemic is gradually subsided. The film closes with a scene where Jevil and Yoonjo are eating together in a restaurant while watching news about Kim Ok's arrest.  from the film this time, hopefully this film can be the right film recommendation for all of you to watch, I'm goodbye, don't forget to like share subscribe or follow this channel so you can get recommendations for other exciting films 