i think you killed my father. give me an hour to get to her hair. you'll never see me again. no, we could have been so happy. no, no, no, no, no. i need help in here. i heard dr manning was in an accident. dr marcel, who are you? i'm her fiance. they found a mass adenocarcinoma. i don't want anyone to know. i don't want to be the sickers. i'm leaving bed. i'm never going to be able to get past what happened here. i need a fresh start. i'm so sorry, natalie. what are you doing here? i don't want you coming around here again. we're getting married. what? i don't remember you asking me to marry you. my lymphoma is progressing and there's nothing more they can do. i want to be there for all of it. welcome back. and the concussion. i mean, i'm taking it slowly. oh, no. now you were burning up and now you're on chemo for breast cancer. i'm going to be careful. i just have to ask, do you love him? my relationship with philip is the only thing in my life that's working right now. come on, maggie, i need to take a minute. that crockett guy what's the deal with him? i'm not sure he's my speed. strikes miss someone doesn't take things seriously. we told your supervisor we didn't want you treating our daughter. i just need to check one, dr manny, don't you feel worn down from your king? if you don't want us to treat you medically, then you're getting help. i'm gonna want to oversee all your cases until we know that tbi is isn't adversely affecting your patients. you don't have the authority. it's for your own protection. depression. you scare people with diagnoses and then you sell them on treatments they don't need. this is the second time this month parents have lost faith in your judgment. no, hey, bert, what are you doing? these two people went through a terrible divorce. they haven't talked to each other for a year. i just want him to be happy. that's it. sure bert, no more. we're going home. he needs these antibiotics now. no, hey, take care. are you on your mind? security? it's okay, buddy. everything. truth is, she chose phillip right that night in my car. she was coming to show me her ring. i don't know what she was gonna say. to you. but i do know she wasn't gonna show you any ring. this cancer's a heavy lift. but there's strength in community. once i let him in, it was a real comfort. he slipped the ring on your finger. when you're unconscious. he's lying to you. it doesn't matter, because it's over. i know, he said, someday, but you make the best mom ever. i'm sorry. i just, i should have done something, said something. get out of my life. is this what i think it is? uh, fertility chart. just seeing the chart, it's like you can get a little overzealous. hey, get off here. hug [ __ ]. it would jump from here gang initiation. what if you found somewhere else to stay? thank you. i'm ben. maggie. you know, i should probably eat an actual lunch after this. i don't like to eat alone. this has been my date. okay, my lips are still tingling. i like to call it exactly what it is, low ovarian reserve. i'm the reason we haven't gotten pregnant. guys, you told me to get out of your life. we aren't good for one another. i'm sorry, natalie. look, i just want to make sure i'm not the problem. i don't even know if i want a baby anymore. i don't know what's going on between us, but maybe it's a good thing i'm going away. i want you to remarry she wants you to remember her the way she is tonight. but dad, i'm never gonna see her again. let me let you, uh, under the influence of drugs right now. you all were handing out oxys like candy. and now i'm lift a fin for myself. but i want to help you now. you and i agreed. what happened was in state. i have to tell ethan 35 year old female looks like an od let's go clear. come on. i'm sorry, april sexton, will you marry me? i don't think i can have kids. i love you no matter what. okay, the looks of that rock, i'm guessing you didn't tell ethan. no, i didn't, and i would appreciate it if you didn't mention it again. mention what i'm proposing, opening a safe injection site at the hospital. preventing deaths would save the hospital money in the long run. allow drug use on our premises appear. nightmare. i want us to try to get pregnant again. there's another way on sanctions site, but they're illegal. you could lose your license. you in amen your narcan inhaler. you overdosed. but you're gonna be all right. you have to work out whatever feelings you're having about dr marcel fast. i met you this morning. i'm gonna try to turn things around. good. you're letting this get way too personal. will it never a good idea, for god's sakes. isn't it personal? you lost a brother to drugs. dr hannah asher, gynecology. we are three weeks into ivf. you know what they say, blinking, the kids are growing. how about you and i keep our distance from one another? just as soon as you stop treating patients and seek treatment for your addiction. if i go down, so do you. so does the sight crack it? it's okay. what happens in the past, i can't remember what it was. no, you won't turn yourself in. i can't let this go on. i thought we had an understanding. you can't possibly know what it's like every day i say i'm gonna quit now. we just have to set up the nursery. but in the meantime, how about that date? i will turn myself in. i can go with you. yeah, like that. come to my place. your patient and her baby almost died today. while you're off somewhere getting high. you think whatever you want to. where's your hormone therapy going? it feels like my skin is crawling with hands. how lucky am i to have found you. you give me hope. then what do you need? a favor? it was a mistake thinking you'd turn yourself in. i'm a horrible person, aren't i? no, you're human. it must have been an agonizing decision turning in. hannah, i think he did the right thing. you're officially in your mission. if you have one wish right now, what would it be to spend my life with you? you know, you better not be playing with me, because you know i'd marry you tomorrow. after inseminating the eggs, none of them fertilized. you can start another cycle in as little as six weeks. i'll do it. you know, i was just trying don't come back again. go. go. i'm sorry. i couldn't let you keep treating patients. i had to make your addiction known. what you did was a betrayal. you're an excellent doctor. i wasn't about to let you throw your life away. it's beautiful. ben, you're beautiful. i pronounce you husband and wife. you're right. you gave me my life back. april, really? huh? all this time acting like friends. this is augie, one of my students. i haven't been able to reach his foster mom. it's too much and i can't. no, it's a sick kid. that day when i found out i couldn't have children, you pushed me away and ran into another man's arms. you want to come up? just wonder if that's a good idea. there's actually very little difference between drug addiction and romance addiction. let's go up and discuss it. dcfs is gonna start looking for a new foster placement tomorrow, and we'll spend the night with anki it was so easy for me to see crockett as the problem. whatever happened between me and in the past, i get it now, because it's been a really good couple of weeks. yeah, it has. and not just us we have been knocking out of the park. really proud of you, because the real problem was always right here. whatever it is you want, it isn't me. dad. are they gonna separate you from me? oh, yes. because you haven't been a very good dad. i promise. i'm gonna do better. and detectives, bridges and haze from the new orleans police department. oh, my stopping grounds. oh yeah. i got the last of my stuff out of your apartment. so here investigating a murder from seven years back. well, what they want with you get the impression they think i'm a suspect, because they claim to have gotten my dna at the scene. yeah, you are love. i was afraid you'd abandoned me. we used to date about a year ago. another part of my past i'm trying to put behind me. judge just gave us a warrant for his arrest. detective, i am not interrupting a surgery on an 11 year old child for any reason besides my neighbor. he got shot. where was he shot? i think in the stomach. please. he's only nine. hey, let's go. shoot. don't shoot. hey, take it easy. i just want to help the boy. fine, but if you try anything, i won't. he's baby. she died from leukemia not long after her first birthday. but did you donate bone marrow in the past? yeah, i did a long time ago. i suppose it's in my medical record? oh, dude, he's not resisting all right? ethan april, you're making a mistake. you've got the wrong you said you found dr marcel's dna at a murder scene seven years ago. a recipient of dr marcel's bone marrow. appreciate all your help. yeah. dr moody told me about what happened with your baby. you 