welcome to the man of recaps. this is the Walking Dead, Season ten, episode 15. it is not the season finale, but it is the finale for now. episode 16 is delayed due to quarantine, so we won't get it till later this year. this episode starts off with the new character, the crazy purple haired girl, living in the city by herself. she's a little bit wacky, but seems to be a good guy. you could call me princess. why princess? because Queen makes me sound old and pretentious. she shoots up some zombies with her enormous machine gun, which unfortunately scares off the horses. oops. she feels bad, says she's got some wheels nearby they can use. and the gangs not sure if they can trust her, but they go along for now. meanwhile, beta has led his zombie horde into Alexandria. yeah, it looks like they figured he was coming and evacuated. but oh, alden is spying on him. he's in the windmill with Aran. they're scouting it out, reporting back to the rest of the crew, who's hanging out in some other building they called the tower. Luke is working on some science. he thing. he is the second smartest guy around, besides Eugene. of course. Luke is a music nerd, not an engineering nerd, but I guess in the zombie apocalypse, you take what kind of nerds he can get. he does seem to have a girlfriend now, that girl from Oceanside he was flirting with an episode one. anyway, for his science project, he needs someone to go out on a run, and Carol volunteers. Carol took Kelly with her and apologizes for getting her sister, condi, trapped in the mine. yeah, Magna made it out, but we still haven't seen what happened to Connie yet. Kelly's got faith that her sisters still alive, though, and she's like, hey, Carol, I know you've been getting a lot of hate this season because you've been acting like an idiot, but don't beat yourself up too much. you've just been doing what you thought you had to do, and that's your superpower, going off solo and doing what's got to be done. at the tower is an incredibly important character we haven't seen in a while. it's dog. yeah, he's alright. oh, and olivia is there to Uncle Lincoln comes up like, hey kid, sorry, I murdered your mom. they have a big conversation. Lydia hated her mom, but it was still her mom. so she hates negan, but kind of likes negan. pump us and confirm, the one that expired. in the end, though, they work out their issues, and these two are tight. princess is leaving the group to the garage. she takes them through this field like, hey, be careful where you step, because it's a minefield. and even though she's been through here a bunch of times, this time the distraction, she forgot her place. they'll stand around in the rain for a while while Princess tries to not get them all blown up. they're wasting time. they're on a tight schedule to get to Eugene's date. speaking of dates, Eugene's grooming options are limited in the zombie but for the rest of us, there's manscaped. no one wants to jungle down there. the modern man takes care of himself and has a nice, manly trim. trust me on this one. you don't want to risk your sensitive areas to some random cheap razor. what you want is the manscaped lawnmower 3.0, precision, engineered with anti NIC properties to give you a good trim around those delicate areas. in fact, you should get the manscaped perfect package. order with my link in the description for a free pair of boxers and a sweet leather toiletry tote, plus my promo code, recap 20, for 20% off. yeah, it's a no-brainer. click that link in the description to order now and get your manscaping on. betta leads the Horta way to try to find him. the Whisperer is like, hey, we trust you. you're the new Alfa. and he doesn't like that. he's about to kill this Whisperer, but gets distracted because he's gone full-on crazy. now he's hearing voices of the walkers. Darryl scouting around the woods, and Judith came with him. she's like, hey, I don't want to go hide with the kids. I want to learn to be a scout like you. they find a whisperer around enough, some zombies and take them all out. they interrogate the whisperer. it's the one beta almost killed. and she's like, yeah, Bane has lost his mind. I'm quitting. she doesn't have any more information for them, so Darryl shoots her in the head, and Judith is like, what what? she's been killing walkers her whole life, but killing humans is new to her. Judith misses her parents, or more accurately, Michelle, since that's the mom that raised her. of course, her real mom was Lori, who I've completely forgotten about. and she barely even remembers her dad, Rick, who, of course, is probably not her dad, as she's almost certainly Shane's daughter. but either way, they're all off the show now. so the closest thing to a parent she has is her uncle Daryl. and these two are a beautiful family. I'm rooting for the two of them and dog to live happily ever after. eventually, princess remembers the way and leads him out of there. they're pretty mad at her, but she's not malicious. she's just a little scatterbrained and hasn't seen another living human in over a year, so her social skills are a little rusty. Eugene's like, hey, I'm a socially awkward guy - it's all right. I forgive you. princess's wheels turns out to not be working cars, but bicycles. it's still faster than walking, though. so hey, it's a win. Yumiko twas the most skeptical of princess this whole time, but now she's like, hey, we could use a new zany character in the show. just come on with us. meanwhile, beta is still leading his zombie horde. he doesn't seem to have noticed that there's no whispers next to him anymore, because he straight-up hearing voices from the zombies. he sees a broken branch and a cat, and from this, knows exactly where they are. Erinn and Alton see them switching directions, but too late, they've been captured. so beta leads his horde to odd abandon ha, spittle, this is the tower. and that's how episode 15 comes to an end. so it's a cliffhanger for now. how will the whisper or war come to an end? we'll find out later this year when our real world finally gets back to normal. as soon as it's out, you know I'll be recapping it. so hit that subscribe button. until then, man, every caps out, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to support the channel. and be a recap champion 