hey guys. welcome back to flicks recap. my name is luke pelletier, and today we're covering the invasive, 2015 psychological torment known as the gift. before we go ahead, be sure to like the video, drop a comment, and, of course, subscribe to the channel if you dig the commentary. let's get to it. simon callum and his wife, robin, have just moved to california. simon provides cyber security systems to large corporations, while robin is an interior designer. one day, the two are shopping in a mall when a guy called gordon mosley, aka gordo, recognizes simon. simon has a hard time placing him, but gorda reminds him that they went to high school together. simon and robin don't really have time to catch up, so they take gordo's number to contact him later. but they don't have to wait too long, because the next day, gordo leaves a bottle of wine at their doorstep as a welcome gift. he must have remembered their address from when simon was giving it to the cashier at the mall. a few days later, gordo even shows up unannounced. at their house when robin is alone. even though robin finds this a little strange, she stays polite and invites him in to give him a tour of the house. she even asks him to stay later for dinner with her and simon. at dinner, gordo asks simon if he's in touch with their high school buddy, greg pearson, after which the conversation shifts back to their high school days and how simon was their class president who basically got the student body whatever they demanded. meanwhile, gordo says that he served in the military for a while after school, but then left, after which his life seems to have been a mixture of good and bad things, highs and lows, peaks and dips, that sort of thing. after gordo leaves, simon tells robin that gordo must be delusional because he thinks they're friends, when in reality, they barely knew each other. the next night, simon and robin return from a party at simon's new job and find another gift from gordo waiting for them at the door. gordo got them fish for their koi pond, a nice gesture, but something that simon finds disturbing because it means gordo came to their property without asking them. simon tells robin that back in high school, kids used to call him gordo the weirdo. the next morning, gordo shows up to their place again, seemingly looking for simon. robin hesitantly invites him in for some tea. he sets up their tv for them and goes to the kitchen to put something back, but apparently notices a gordo the weirdo doodle that simon had scribbled on the fridge from the previous night, after which he leaves embarrassed. that night, simon and robin have dinner with their neighbors, lucy and ron, and another couple from simon's office. they talk about gordo and are all surprised when simon tells them that gordo actually invited him and robin to dinner at his place with another couple. even after seeing the insult that simon had put on the fridge. everyone advises them against accepting the invite, but they end up going anyway. they're very impressed by gordo's extravagant house, since it totally defies all their expectations. gordo tells them that the other couple cancelled last minute, so it's just gonna be the three of them. seconds later, gordo receives a call and has to step out for a bit for an urgent work thing. simon and robin are shocked because gordo just leaves them alone and drives off in his car. simon thinks gordo is obsessed with robin, especially with all the unannounced visits to their house when robin is alone. when gordo returns, he confesses that he had lied to them earlier. he wasn't really dealing with a work thing, but actually speaking to his ex-wife who recently left him. apparently, he and her have two kids, but the ex-wife has custody over both of them, sad as it seems. simon doesn't seem too moved by the story. he forces robin to go wait in the car because he wants to talk to gordo alone. simon then rudely asks gordo to stop visiting them. the next morning, robin notices that the fish in their koi pond are all dead, and their dog is missing too. furious, simon drives over to gordo's house again, but this time a woman answers the door, and she claims to not know anyone named gordon simon. and robin contact the police, who find out that the house actually belonged to the owner of a car rental company, who had given gordo access to his garage to pick up a car. but the police don't want to accuse gordo of stealing their dog without some kind of proof, which at this point, the callums don't have. so robin prints out lost dog posters to put around the neighborhood. but as she's printing them out, she hears something and goes to check. she finds that the faucet in the kitchen is running. scared, she goes over to lucy's to tell her about this, who offers to accompany her back to the house and check around. but robin doesn't want to trouble lucy, because she thinks that it might just all be in her head, since lately she's been having trouble sleeping. she does, however, use lucy's bathroom, accidentally finds some sleeping pills conveniently, and then steals some of them. she takes a pill later that night, when simon is asleep and is about to go back to bed, when she notices that the light in the front yard is on. she goes to check and finds that her dog is back. simon's pretty sure that the dog's disappearance and sudden reappearance is somehow related to gordo. in the next morning's mail, robin finds a letter from gordo apologizing to her and simon about dinner, and telling them that the only reason he used someone else's house to host them was that he was ashamed to have them see where he actually lived. as if that wasn't pathetically sweet enough, he also says, specifically to simon, that he was willing to let bygones be bygones and only had good intentions for them. now we can assume that this is because of simon's drawing on the fridge. but robin asks simon what gordo means by letting bygones be bygones, but simon says he doesn't know, and that gordo is an unstable man who shouldn't be trusted. but gordo's letter and the sleeping pills that she's taking together seem to be having a terrible effect on robin, because she's having nightmares about gordo. the next day at work, simon finds out that he's contending for a promotion against this other guy, danny mcdonald. he shares this with robin and also confronts her about the sleeping pills that he had discovered in the bedroom. robin tells simon that she started taking them because she hasn't been feeling good about the whole gordo situation, and that she wants simon to make peace with him. when she asks him again, what let bygones be bygones meant, simon gets flustered. he says he just wants her to get on with her life and stop thinking about gordo. and that's exactly what she does. she forgets all about gordo. she moves on with her life, and soon she gets pregnant. but just as all good things must end, this vacation from gordo doesn't last. one day, she goes out shopping with lucy, when lucy tells her that a creepy guy is staring at her from outside the store. as you might guess, gordo is back. since simon didn't want to talk about gordo. robin talks to simon's sister joan to see if she knew anything about gordo from high school. joan tells her that gordo was sent away because he was found, quote unquote, getting molested by another older kid in a car. simon and his friend, greg, reported the incident, after which gordo was bullied by all the students for allegedly being gay. robin then snoops around simon's home office to find out more, and soon finds an entire background check file on gordo. gordo apparently has several charges against him, including breaking and entering and abduction of a minor. robin then finds greg through some online digging and goes to see him at his work. she talks to him about gordo and the molestation incident. greg tells her that the entire story was a lie that simon had fabricated, because, in truth, simon was a bully. simon had basically ruined gordo's life by targeting him. gordo's dad even tried to kill his son and then got sent to jail because of that lie. when robin confronts simon with this information he yells at her for going behind his back. he's not ready to own up or to apologize to gordo for his mistake, because he thinks gordo should have sucked it up and left that part of his life behind, as a partner should be. robin is deeply upset to see this malicious side of simon. to make it up to robin, simon finds gordo and apologizes, but gordo says that it's too late for him to accept his apology. now, simon isn't happy with this, and reverts back to being a classic high school bully, using physical intimidation to force gordo to accept his apology, and threatens to destroy him if he came near his family again. simon then lies to robin about gordo accepting his apology. meanwhile, at work, simon ends up trumping the other guy, dany, to get the promotion they were competing for. he's celebrating with some friends and coworkers when a loud thud from upstairs startles everyone. then someone throws a rock at their window, shattering it to pieces. they go looking for the intruder outside, when someone leaps at simon from out of nowhere, and then tries to run away. simon catches the intruder, who turns out to be danny. danny accuses simon of cheating him out of the job promotion by sending a misleading email to his bosses saying that he knew that people at dany's old firm had found him inadequate. at that moment, robin, who is already incredibly disappointed in simon, goes into labor. simon and lucy take her to the hospital where she gives birth. but after all that happened with danny, simon is fired from his job, and robin doesn't want to be with him anymore either. devastated by back to back tragedies, simon returns home only to find another one of gordo's gifts left at the door. it's a car seat for the baby with some other gifts inside it, a key to his own house and a cd, which has an audio recording of all the bad things simon had said about gordo the night he'd invited him and robin to dinner. then there's another cd, this time with a video recording of simon and robin having dinner at their own house. and of gordo doing things to robin when she was passed out one afternoon due to her sleeping pills. it's implied here that gordo sexually assaulted robin when she was unconscious, and that robin's baby is actually gordos and not simons. shocked by this realization, simon rushes back to the hospital. meanwhile, gordo also goes to the hospital to see robin, who is taken aback to see his injured face and arm. he congratulates her for the baby, and when she asks about his injuries, he tells her that simon lost all control and had beaten him up. when simon reaches the hospital, he can't find robin in her ward. he does see gordo waiting outside an elevator, but is unable to catch him as he frantically looks for him everywhere. simon receives a call from gordo, who's still inside the hospital. gordo confuses him, saying that he may or may not have assaulted robin, and suggests he look at the baby's eyes to figure out the truth. simon goes back inside and looks at the baby, but try as he might, he can't figure it out. in the end, he's just left helpless and anguished, not knowing whose baby it is. as the film ends, gordo revels in simon's misery and leaves, removing the brace around his arm as he does so, further suggesting that he had lied about his injuries too. the big thing that stands out to me, that i really enjoy about this film is the duality between both big players. both simon and gordo trade the roles of protagonist and antagonist many times in the film, which i think is just so effective and adds to the overall unease of the entire story. personally, i think it's a crazy toss-up between whether or not gordo actually did anything to robin while she was passed out. between his outstanding charges and the sexualized trauma that gordo faced as a kid, even if it was a malicious falsehood, all might still have had an impact on his development, assuming gordo never surrendered the best parts of him. by committing those acts against robin, he ends up getting the best revenge possible. it's a damned if you do, damned if you don't for simon. if robin does take simon back, there'll always be this big doubt over his fatherhood, unless, of course, he gets a paternity test done, which even then would probably only ruin his relationship with robin all over again. what stuck out to you about the gift and what did you think of the ending? drop a comment and let me know. and of course, be sure to like, share and subscribe so you don't miss the next recap. until next time, 