all right, we're back in spuds eating pizza because he doesn't understand show business. all right, number 26 is my man. Charlie Chaplin, Oh God, oh no. we flipped them. we fillet that right? we flipped them, and they need, yeah, I so this is right, number 26. Jen's officiator. nice. apply. he's coming. he's next. all right. all right. well, now we just got to skip over Denzel so we can get to number 27. Charlie Chaplin, all right, I'll pause it. you can't look at this, man. tell me, hey, funny. all right. now, the thing about Charlie is that with the big eyebrows and the mustache, he looks goofy as hell. but you take all that off, and he just about wanting to praise little bombs you'd ever seen in your life. sometimes it's pretty with it. yeah, look, look at down. pretty. who the hell looks like that? weird people. I don't even know where they make them, the same place that made me, probably. oh my god, I know. you arrogant. next. nobody. 48. Billy, Dee. Billy. Billy Billy. now, I don't know if all of y'all have seen the Star Wars, Empire Strikes Back. video on this channel. but their story about mama, she met Billy Dee, and she fangirled out. and that's why we said, Billy Dee, Billy Dee, cuz that's exactly what she said, exactly how she sounded. yep, she could. she just, uh, he was reeking of beer. he wreaked of colt 45. it was hilarious. is the funniest thing I've ever seen. he just sitting there, he was drunk off his and she was losing her mind. and he could have given half of number 29, Lenny Kravitz, too many piercings. good lord, well, I'd have that many piercings, and I'd say the same thing to you. well, you know what sad is, he always be wearing them shades to cover up his eyes. it's so sad. it's like the only thing that's wrong with him. everything else imperfect. number 30, Jim Morrison, show me a second picture. oh, no, no, that does look like you, spud. good Lord, Jesus, it looked just like you. I personally do not see it as in the relationship, yeah, like the likeness. yeah, I personally do not see it and do not get it. I you look like a Cabbage Patch version of that man who also looks like Jesus. so you look like a Cabbage Patch version of Jesus. number 40 is ray Fiennes, who Odin veins, though, not that. not that him at all. and number 40, okay, go ahead. sorry, I'm interrupting. yeah, you were interrupting. I can't tell how the guy's eyes to look that deep in his head, or it could just be his face. which leads us to number 41. Thanks. all right. which leads us to number 41. who the hell is dad? oh, that's right, Ernie. Daniel wreck. do you know, we were looking through lists to try and find our own people, and Daniel Radcliffe was on one of them, and I was like, the was it really? yes, he was on one of them lists, cuz people crazy. number 41. this list is completely logical. who the hell is down? is that still rave? is that Joseph? oh my god, that's Joseph five. when was he playing Michael Jackson? oh my god, is he playing Michael Jackson? that song that a white man plays Michael Jack there's wrong as hell. what I want to know is what this is from. I've never even seen this before. they acted. I got, you this looks like Voldemort's not Rafe's Voldemort's brother, right? yeah. much traffic sir. see, that's like, holy God, like boxer-briefs to go fling. right at his face. he looks like Brent. he does look like Prince. and when you look at for just long enough, that eyebrow on the left, I know, doing something weird is on fleek. [Laughter]. anybody for too long, you're like, damn, they ugly. I don't know what you how you getting that from this picture? cuz I don't know, if you just look at every tiny detail, you're like, that is weird. oh, yeah. like that right here. look at that right here. yes. phone number 43. William Levy, I don't like what? how do y'all find it? whoa. that looks like now. I'm in oh, I have, I am beyond scarred. Oh, probably happens to probably what is rod does his life? he's like somebody thrown play-doh on the Mona, Lisa, this is so sad. what? nahin asleep and he been hitting the espresso. what is wrong with this picture? everything? I'm assuming there's at least a good one of them that I on the left, it's squint and you wouldn't notice that if the rest of his face was not that symmetrical, you know what I'm saying? like the symmetry shows the flaws more glaringly, you know what I'm saying? and we got the number all him wrong. we were not at 43. he was 33. all right. now next is number 34. val kilmer, no, I know there's gonna be a bad picture. I know it's coming. oh, really. like he stuck his thumb too long. and why the hell does he wear my glasses? [Laughter], this is why we told you to stop sucking your thumb. and you little cuz your teeth were done that. you lucky. you were lucky to have me, spud. you'd look just like that right now, - the baldness. that picture right there, that doesn't really do him justice. you all see him shirtless in the volleyball scene. you know where he tenses its height tips. you know, tits? yes, you can. men do it to women on time. he probably some admirer. all right. which number 35? Mikhail Baryshnikov. that's a bad man right there. all right. now, that man got us four days. there's a man who will not spring whoopee cushion exactly. his buns are so tight he could just hold the whoopee cushion in place he's were dead. aside from the fact that he's never look like a sculpture than in a real person, exactly, he's never looked ugly. I don't think there's a single instance where he has looked bad. and the fact that he's Dunning, no, is it? no, see, can't find it. a Russian version of Robert Redford. yep, but better - the freckles. Robert Redford - do we put him on this list? I think we did. I'm ashamed. good. yeah. that's where he belong. at the bottom. number 36 is Joaquin Phoenix. that just looks like a beer with the face. oh, my god. this looks like some duck dynasty. it looks like what happens when pale people find jazz. what's that about? his big thing? he looks like a zombie. smooth. well, okay, this is not working. this was when everybody thought he was going crazy. this is when he was pursuing his, quote, unquote, rap career. what? yeah. okay. so he was playing a character for a movie, and his direct I don't know if it was his eye, the directors. but he was playing the character in real life, he was method acting, and they thought he was going crazy. and so he really acted like this man that you're seeing on screen for months and months until the movie was done. and then he went back to being normal. and even then, Jed was a David Letterman. and then David Letterman was like, I thought you went can cuckoo. number 37 and Agassi, I'm sorry. we have sprite with dinner. I'm just whatever. number Zac Efron. now, this man was not on the last list. and I was like, what is wrong with you? okay, I understand now. what is wrong with your face? I think, I don't know what is going on here. I don't know what midlife crisis this was. I think teenagers crisis. this his face was looking, people say his face was like a panini. what the hell is a panini? all right, then grilled sandwiches. yeah, the ones right at the air. this is recent. can we just rewind to the greatest showmen? oh, my lord. that small. what's sad is he probably paid somebody to do that. that's not something you got to be paid for. something they enjoy doing. you are just born able to do that. okay? I don't know. yeah, I'm sure that there's a money-making business in, you know, feeding celebrities and neuroses and making them look weird as hell. but like, how much they paid that barber to let, I'm Joaquin Phoenix beard just grow out? yeah, it was so hard not to trim. see, the funny thing about this picture is, is that you can still see what's right about it. yeah, it's not as bad as a lot of the others, yeah. but it's so funny, because all the celebrities, you get away with doing this, or glish, it's like, you know, learn walk down the street with that. you just, boy, it's funny, because I bet you there's a place in Hollywood where, like, LeBron James walks in and everyone's like, hey, LeBron's here. remember he like, so the unicorn in his beard. my husband, Claude Rains, I call this man my husband. for so long. find a good pick. that's my cane. are you down? that is the surefire way to get on this list, governor anything up. just come on everything. you'll never look ugly. all right. there's got to be another picture. yeah, yeah, other ones coming. a better one. oh, I know. it's gotta, oh, they're much better, much better. now, see, this is one of those things where I'm like, okay, you wouldn't think it right away that he's hot, but we had an accent with the accent and the swag and the suave and the suave and the suave swag in the swaggy suave. and the hi here, right in the 4-inch he girl crack. heels better than Bruno Mars. if you ever seen mr. Smith, there's a scene where he's leaving the room, and when he turns, you can see the heels. yeah, is hilarious. there's like three inches in it. it's, I think, anymore for forage. oh, my god. number 40 is Dean Stockwell, the counterpart of Scott Bakula. now, if everybody who is what damn doing frontiers, I should know. I sure don't you. that's much better, Martin. all right. now, anybody who is who is watching this, y'all know that you cannot have Dean Stockwell and Scott Bakula on my hottest men's list unless you a quantum leap fan. so shout out to all our fellow quantum leap fans, y'all. dope. is a quantum leap errs, and let's just hope the guy would get that movie. how about we don't hope to go it. don't ever get that movie. I want that movie. I do. do you want the case? we would have worked in that ending in season five that wasn't really screwed up. next to number 41, Jim Carrey and B I know what it's gonna be. we both think, we both know. I think we're expecting it. no, I Santa Claus is coming to town. you know, his hair's got B died because, Oh, Joe. okay. now, I would look, see, part of this picture is the reason he's attractive, the cuz he's funny. yeah. like, I may not you get it. look, he he's funny. you know, he's having a holly jolly Christmas in his younger days, like, you know, like, like Eternal Sunshine of the spotless mind. man is beautiful in their movies, you know, in that movie. and you know what sad is is that I think there's something about funny men, or men who are comedians, and how their faces move when they make jokes. because I see major crow's feet in this picture, and I have them bad because I'm always making faces and always whooping in my face. and that's what Jim always does. it's sad to see. I'm gonna look terrible when I'm 80 something. number 42 is Ricky Martin. alright, now, this picture is not good. I think that goes without saying, because he looks like he is riding horseback toward you to bring you a bowl of menudo. like if you're hungry, he just flies in on a unicorn carrying a bowl of menudo to feed you. it feels like that robe is always wearing. it feels like a spray tan. [Laughter]. number 43 is Andy Gibb. and good luck trying to find a bad picture of this man. Oh, yep. that's rather. you wrong for doing robbing like that. he's wrong that they made a joke out of robbing. he started a joke. oh my god. this is Robin Gibb. this is not Andy Gibb. okay. Andy Gibb died very young. he was one of the Gibb brothers from, not from the Bee Gees, but he was the brother of three of the Bee Gees. and, okay, there's a knee. thank you Jesus. it looked like they blurred his chest hair because it was inappropriate. oh, my god. oh, I just wish we could have seen him on the bear talk-shows. want to know what he's doing with his hands. like he missed his pocket. he's like, hey, girl, it's down there. just wanna let you know. like, sudden. that's how you got well, you don't walk in the club just suddenly point to your junk, like, hey, yeah, yes. they just want to let you know. dalliance is too much. the medallion is fabulous. I would wear a medallion like that. number 44 is Billy Idol. oh, jesus, please be a good picture. I gotta be. Oh, barely know. Oh, mm. oh, my god. all right. now, when I was at Billy Idol, I meant young Billy Idol, you know, preferably with all his clothes on. but I don't know. they're gonna go there, yes? huh? yeah. maybe you scream. ma, ma ma, ma, ma, ma um. see, I used to make my hair do that. didn't work. I know that's because he had stylist. Thank You. lazy. now I'm too lazy. I was like, you know, if I ain't never gonna little like Billy Idol. I just put my hat. I'm just putting my hat on, putting my beanie on. I don't give a [ __ ]. oh, you know, they'd like to see you wear exactly. well, my hair isn't that stringy. you know, you gotta have like, particularly thinner tears to defy the laws, to defy the laws of gravity. mine's too thick. number 45 is Paul Rudd. uh. he had to be on this. that is a whole big day at school peak. I've never even seen that before, where you'll find this. oh, my god. now that looks like someone who should be in stranger things. yeah. oh my gosh. okay, getting better. slowly progressing into Paul Rudd. don't care. tell just Robert Downey jr. you didn't give me a good picture of Paul Rudd. okay. Paul Rudd was on Larry no, ignore the chaplain from the photo. chaplain, friend. they ignore the faux chaplain fronting the Harris, right? Paul Rudd was on the list because he's like, dick cutie, cute ever. he really is. he's just like an everyman. I love him all right now. and he, as you're looking at, this is number 47, Robert Downey, jr. now, my problem with this picture is that they put the same amount of makeup on him as they did to Charlie. but here's the problem, this is higher resolution, exactly better detail. we're back in olden times. the makeup didn't look this bad, right? it doesn't look like they just slapped a leech, and a big fat leech on his lip. girl, you're so scandalous. oh, my gosh. all right. now, Robert deserves to be on this list though, because there's something didn't weird about him. the older he gets, the hotter he gets. and I can't explain it. I don't know. he got that Benjamin Button disease. yeah, he didn't look that good when he was younger, but, no, no, he looked a little homely when he was younger. but as he's got eight, by the time he's 90, oh, my god, he's gonna be fabulous once he's dead. can you easy? he will. he will ascend to God like looks by the time he's dead. it's gonna be short-lived, huh? but what have you. and number 47, Elton John. this is now Elton John. this is still Robert Downey jr. 46, that's goddamn line. oh, my god, what is Oh, see this what? this is before he was hot. this was a number 47 is Robert Redford. and the only reason we put him on this list is because if we had, oh, lordy oh, he's been advanced. oh my god, I think I just became impotent. oh my no. mames man picked us out because she loved young Robert Redford. yeah. oh my god. the orange hair around the nipples is just like screaming orangutan. and I'm just, I need to get the hell out of here. before I was colorful. oh, my god, changed. I can't look number 48, Rob Thomas. he look like he about the message. I love Rob, but every time he sees you look like he got some bowel problems. what do things? constipation? no, no, what? can't want to do things came from this movement. a spice on the ass, or squirt. that does look like one of for the walls. pleasure. this is weird splashes. yeah. it looks like if you photoshopped that face onto one of them Olympic divers, like mid jump. anyway, yeah, exactly. all right. number 49, Will Smith. now, he was not on the last list that I looked at. did he get stung by a bee in this movie or something? well, what? quit waters from? give it a damn rest. okay? and his defense, there's a terrible moustache, and his defense, so he's a comedian, all right, you know. but he's aging wonderfully, you know, by a facial hair that goes all around their mouth. it looks terrible. I mean, if you take off the fat, like, nobody sheriff that moustache at all, not going down below the display of the mouth, because once you do that, he's walrus fronting. yeah, he's clearly Wallace. no, no, that's only if you shave off the bottom, they may look like, wow. yeah. I've seen some walruses. okay, we live in the south. the walruses are here. [Laughter]. wills doing it right though. you know, he got to, but you got the facial hair on the bottom, you know, he got the good full goatee, yeah. but if he closed his mouth, you the beard would be more apparent. okay? what I'm saying, I think so. yeah. it's hard to notice when his mouth is open, that why? yeah, I got sure. yeah, yeah, it hurts. yeah, yeah. all right. I browse sort of thing. yeah, are there more pictures of him. oh, can we say next and from my mama's mama. number 50, Gregory Peck. I personally do not know who Owen if she would've liked him when she saw him here. Oh, Lord. see, this is how I see didn't live longer. I'm glad she didn't live longer neither. that is one good thing. if I die, now everyone that I currently think is hot will eternally stay that way for me, so I don't have to see these people grow into old prunes. there you go. all right. now, see, I I right. yeah, there's that for Omaha. down from Roman holiday. it's Roman holiday time. yeah, yeah, in around it, yeah, but maybe a little soon. look, a couple years soon. all right. now, I personally, I'll think he's hot. but if we didn't put him, yeah, but if we didn't put him on this list, Mama's mama will come back from the grave and whatnot. so we had to. and that's all we have to say about that. would you like to address the meth heads for the first time and say your good-byes? it's sad. it's like a little funeral. everybody dies. every time you rent a video. it's like going to a little funerals, like buy meth heads. maybe I'll see you again, maybe I won't. I'm crying for one reason, but it's not that well, isn't that? Robert Redford titties. tell us. I'm bad. I'm sorry you had to see that. no, no child should ever have to see this. all right. and everybody's been asking me for the 50 hottest women, but I haven't done it yet, because then people be calling me a misogynist, which is exactly why I'm gonna do it for movies explained for. I'm Jeb and I'm spud. oh, don't that sound nice? and we will see y'all in the next video. alright, stop. that happen. Jesus. what you think this is a circus? 