[Music]. welcome to the breakdown, when we break down some dubs. today we're breaking down a film about her mother of a school shooter, and how she deals with the aftermath of the event. I want to find out what it's like for Eva after the crazy events that happened. stay tuned for a breakdown with a big black, I mean, BBC opening. and then we see a close-up on some open blondes. then we transition to an introvert worst nightmare. there's like some big food orgy, lots and lots of tomato play. obviously, though, this scene is a representation of something. next we see a woman who obviously ain't having a good, satisfying life right now. she goes outside to find this scene. her house has been vandalized. then it cuts to a close-up on a little girl playing pirate, and the mommy, Eva, goes for a kiss. but no, actually, she's drowning herself off. yeah. oh. we cut back to the past, and we see the titular character, Kevin, but I wouldn't be mad if you call him Barry Allen, back in the prison. even gets ready for a job interview. and it seems she is well known by everybody. then back in the past, we seen a woman's old job, and she leaves the job at a distraught state, as we hear police sirens. then back in the prison, she gets the job just by how the negatively popular she is. then after leaving, some random woman slap sir. somebody sees this happening. but Eva, let's go back in the past, even makes it to a promising alone with the parents. then back in the present, she notices red marks on her face. all her attempts to think of better times are drowned out by the police honors. do more flashbacks. we see that a massacre is taking place. and then the woman goes to some penitentiary. she's been here before. and then we see she is waiting on her son, Kevin, who has a habit of biting his nails and hoe to get in. look at that. it cuts to her giving birth with an unhappy face. then she is trying to fix her vandalized houses. neighbors live on. he tries to connect with her new baby, Kevin, but he cries whenever he is near. although when it comes to the father, the baby absolutely loves him. back in the present, Eva seems to run into someone at the grocery store. in HEIs, she runs away with the entire broken crate of eggs, just to get away, and even eat the eggs with those shells all in it. back in the past, who see, Kevin is a pretty quiet and unenjoyable child. he won't speak, smile or have any fun. Eva takes them to a doctor, but the doc says nothing is therefore, once he finally begins to play with IVA, but just him doing things on his own volition. well, Halloween night, back into prison. some Halloween is high. so even then, we see that Eva's disconnection with Kevin leads to disconnection between the husband. on a lunch break in a prison, even gets caught by a wheelchair guy, we see he had been shot in the massacre back in the past. Kevin catches Eva giving the father a blow job. he starts exhibiting the symptoms of some personality disorder and an obvious dislike for Eva at a young age. then Eva finds that Kevin has vandalized her working room. although Kevin consoles and plays innocent in the presence of the father, Kevin is very annoying to Eva and a little too big for diapers. as well. he shits on himself, she faces it, then he sits on himself immediately after, which angers her coffee on the throne, which breaks his arm. Kevin doesn't like Eva, but he doesn't tell the truth to the dad, and lies about how he broke his arm, holding leverage over her, which allows him to do whatever he wants and antagonize Eva further. then even gets pregnant with the daughter from the beginning, but Kevin doesn't like her. then we see that Kevin got sincere, and oddly starts to warm up to Eva's since she's saying sorry, and because they were comfortable around her. but in turn, starts antagonized to father. back in the present, Eva gets are not gonna door by some religious members asking if she knows where she'll end up after death. she'd oppressively replies that she will end up in Hell, where she belongs. then back in the past, who see that Kevin's nice and this was just an illusion, and things switched back soon after, you see some more family dynamic between Kevin and the little sister. and he talks back to her despite her respect for him. then, if it catches Kevin beating his meat, and he doesn't stop beating, even when she looks. he even turns towards her. back in the present, he was at a Christmas party. one of her peers asked her to dance. but then when she politely says a no, he gets our disrespectful, cause they're a stuck-up [ __ ]. she leaves and sees another mother and daughter outside, reminding her of ties with her daughter. the to catch Kevin looking at a poster until vanishes, like Harry Osborn in spider-man 3, Kevin and Eva go to play some mini golf. then after stars rainy, they go home, and they get ready to go to dinner. at dinner, Kevin toss Eva antagonize her more. the two can't even have normal conversations because of Kevin's hateful attitude. Eva searches Kevin's room and finds seedy. she goes to Playa but fun since i hack attacked me by kevin, she asked why he asked the city. and he says, there is no point. that's why he knows right from wrong, but he doesn't care. then at Christmas, Kevin gets a bow and arrow for a prison. you see, the mom has concerns about this, we see that the daughter also has got a hamster, but the hamster goes missing. later on, even makes up a story to tell the daughter and to mom, throws food in the sink compactor, thinking it gets topped up. and we see that this is what a hamster is. then off screen, something happens to the daughter in which she has to get a glass eye. evil blames Kevin, but the father keeps his opposing opinion back in the prison, as evil ways to see her son. a sad woman sis Byron and Eva consoled her. now we know why the girl had an eyepatch. in the beginning, we learned that the two parents are getting divorced, as Kevin his own. then later, Kevin gets a package in the mail. we see he orders some bike locks, claiming that he was selling in school. finally, we see the scene at the beginning of the movie. then we see the school setting, in which Kevin puts those bike locks on doors, locking people from getting out. he gets his bow and arrow already. then we see that the mother came looking for Kevin. she sees firefighters. could he know his bike locks? then Kevin walks out and surrenders to the police. the scores of people shouting anger and sadness. then bodies get dragged out, as Eva dips. despite we see that Kevin shot at people with his bow and arrow during her gym period, Eva makes it home looking for the husband and daughter. we see that blinds close up again. Eva walks towards and finds the dead body of the husband and the daughter. as the sprinklers go Eva walks away, and we see all Kevin committing his atrocity, position-wise, and it comes back to the prison. he even starts to put order back in her life. and she goes to visit, or freaked out Kevin in jail. it's been two years since the shooting, and he's about to be moved to the adult prison. she asked him to tell her why he did it, but we see his mind begins to crumble, and he doesn't know why he did it a spite he thought he did. the movie answers time's up, and she gives him a hug that we wouldn't expect him to accept, then even leave, sadly as the screen goes white. but I was a pretty disturbing film. guys, it's sad to see that shootings like this are becoming so commonplace in today's society, but we don't usually put ourselves in the shoes with appearance of the killer. anyway, enough about Kevin. we need to talk about that spooky stuff. I think there are a lot of bias that makes people think that school shooters must have bad parents. but we can obviously see that Eva was a caring mom and it was a loving family. some things are just mentally unsalvageable. and a terrace house, despite their bring ups. certain factors like genetics and add to that, then once to start, woman goes to when Eva found the bodies of the husband and the daughter. not only did she find out her son killed many innocent kids, she found out that her entire family had been destroyed. not a good sight the Wolves enjoyed. woman goes to an eva through ten. if Kevin was black, he would get that as beat everyday. and that's it. this will be released in 2011. sent near that Batman stop Hugo Strange in Arkham City. and a director, Lian Ramsey, used a book written by Lyons River. thanks for watching. we need to talk to Kevin with me. this has been a breakdown. this watch this breakdown on we need to talk to Kevin. if you do, make sure you subscribe and stay tuned for some new videos. also, check out some of those old videos. we got a lot of interesting movies in a different disturbing breakdown. playlist. anyway, spooky out 