unlike most Call of Duty games, black ops 4 doesn't possess the typical campaign. instead, in its place our minor cutscenes, brief exchanges and audio segments. throughout this video, I'll be discussing those elements in relation to woods and Mason to give you a breakdown of their overall story, as well as what this means for the series as a whole. there will be heavy spoilers, and may be worth skipping this video for now if you're yet to complete the game without the way I'm definition and I play the game, so you don't have to. at the ending of Call of to II, woods and Mason's story culminates in an exchange between the two via an audio segment. in order to fully understand the meaning behind there, we must first breakdown Savannah's overall plan, project blackout. Savannah is Mason's granddaughter and is just an all-round bad egg. project blackout itself is a process in which highly repeatable dead soldiers are cloned and trained to be a blackops level. this training takes place in a ground called blackout, hence project blackout. these soldiers are referred to as archetypes, and it's revealed that woods in Mason are among their ranks. Savannah's sister, Jessica, is on to this plan, and thus Savannah needs her killed. in the end, it turns out that Woods has been working with Savannah in order to kill Jessica. woods has been using the brainwashing techniques from black ops in order to control Mason. and this is why we hear an audio file called Mason's ladder in which woods reads the numbers out loud to the character. in the final exchange between the two, Woods tells Mason, it was you in a box. it always was. this is in order to make him more compliant. it refers to the scene in black ops 2 where Mason and Hudson rescue woods from a shipping container, and nurse tricks Mason into believing that would saved his life. the final cutscene takes place in the asylum area black out lap, which adds a lot of weight to the theory that both Woods and Mason now exist in project blackout. players that journey to the same spot and blackout confined a note written by Mason showing the faces of the specialists with their names written underneath woods, Mason, Menendez and Rezanov are all available characters and have been confirmed to be archetypes in project black out. there also exists a lot of evidence to support the theory that Savannah is, in fact an archetype herself. in the cutscene I slash the lamb in you, letting their black blood stream, we can clearly see another person sitting next to Savannah on her bed. this person looks identical to her, and could be her archetype. there's a wealth of Easter eggs currently developing in regards to the game. and there's a great thread on reddit, which has been regularly updated with new developments, that I will link to in the description of this video. it massively helped putting this video together, and there's still a lot to uncover, so make sure you check that out at the end of this video. so what are your thoughts on the development story of black ops 4? do you enjoy piecing together the tidbits of information we've been given, or would you prefer an overall linear narrative? as I mentioned, there are constantly evolving pieces of information, so if I've missed anything, or something's changed, make sure to leave the updates in the comments. this is a channel for the hardcore players who are heavy into games. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace you. [Music]. 