Welcome to Moviecaps. Today I will show you an Action, Drama, Sci-fi film from 2012, titled Chronicle. Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. Andrew has just bought a new camera and explains to his drunken father (Richard) behind the door that he will be filming everything from now on. His mother is terminally ill and bedridden. Matt, Andrew's cousin, picks him up and drives him to school. Matt questions Andrew's filming, but awkwardly accepts it when he claims it's just something he does now. Although Matt is the closest thing to a friend Andrew has, he still avoids him at school. There is a campaign going on. He eats breakfast alone in the bleachers and films the football team and cheerleaders practicing. One of the girls scolds him for being creepy. On his way to his locker, he is ganged up on by school's bullies. One of them takes his camera and films Wayne slapping him. On the way home, Matt invites Andrew to a party he wants to attend. He is hesitant, but Matt insists because this is his last chance to do something for once, since he's already a senior. Andrew says he'll think about it. Matt then suggests that maybe he should leave the camera behind since it might alienate people from him, but Andrew insists it's important. That night, Andrew sits in his room watching his video footage. His drunken father Richard bursts into his room, slaps and throws Andrew off his chair, and demands that he open the door when he says so. Neither his family life nor his school life are particularly good. Afterwards, Andrew decides to attend the party Matt was talking about. At the party, Matt insists that he get away from him and go socialize with people. He is embarrassed to be with Andrew. Andrew's filming catches the attention of Casey, who is also filming the party. Matt shows up and tries to make a pass at her, but completely fails. Andrew makes fun of him. However, as the party continues, a drunk partygoer takes notice of Andrew and claims he's filming his girlfriend. He sprays him with a drink and spits on him. Andrew leaves the rave in despair and cries outside. Andrew is approached by Steve Montgomery, the school's popular star quarterback and future politician, to accompany him to record something strange he has found in the nearby woods: a hole in the ground from which a loud and strange sound emanates. Andrew is hesitant, but when he hears that Matt will be there, he agrees. The three enter the hole and discover a large, blue glowing crystalline object. When Steve touches it, the object turns red and the group is plagued by nosebleeds and pain. When they are thrown out of the cave by a force, the camera cuts off. Weeks later, Andrew films himself with a brand new camera, Matt and Steve displaying telekinetic abilities. They perform a ball test, where Matt tries to stop the ball with his mind, but fails. To get revenge, Matt throws the ball sideways and hits Steve. Andrew takes his turn and stops the ball in its tracks. They suffer from nosebleeds when they overexert themselves. Of the three, Andrew is the one doing the best with his newfound abilities. While Matt has trouble putting two Lego pieces together, Andrew has no trouble building an entire tower in seconds. They return to the hole, but find that it has collapsed. The sheriff's department is sealing off the area for safety reasons. As he rides along with Steve in his car, the two become closer. Steve also questions Andrew's filming habits and believes he is putting up a barrier around himself. Andrew thinks that's probably what he wants. Andrew tells Steve about his unhealthy home life with his sick mother and drunk father. Later that night in Andrew's room, Richard argues loudly with someone on the phone and reveals that he is struggling financially to keep his mother healthy. Andrew looks distraught as he levitates the camera. Andrew is at the docks with his mother. She knows she does not have long and is trying to strengthen her son. As Andrew talks to Matt while skipping stones, he asks him if Matt is thinking of making something more of their power. At the bleachers, Matt theorizes that their abilities function like a muscle that gets stronger with use. Andrew suggests taking their abilities out of the backyard. The three boys develop a close friendship and begin to use their abilities to play pranks, such as scaring children by unleashing toys on them at a market. They try to pull a piece of gum out of a man's mouth, which they fail to do. Twice. In a coffee store, they also find that they can create an invisible barrier around themselves that protects them. Andrew makes a silhouette of the Virgin Mary and scares the waitress. In a parking lot, they move a car. The lady is confused when she returns. However, things go too far when Andrew pushes a rude trucker off the road and into a river. Steve rescues the man from the river and Matt calls the authorities to get the man medical treatment. They are shocked and outraged that Andrew would go so far. Andrew does not understand their anger. Matt reminds him that he put a human being in the hospital. Matt then makes three rules: they never use their powers against living beings, they never use them out of anger or rage, and they probably should not use them in public anymore. Despite Andrew's objections, he's overruled when Matt insists that's exactly what they need now that they are getting stronger, and Steve agrees. The next day, Steve asks Andrew and Matt to meet with him. On the way there, Matt makes it clear that while he's not mad at Andrew, he still thinks that now that they are getting stronger, they should think before they do anything. Although they meet where Steve said they would, he is not immediately found until Steve reveals himself to them floating in the sky, having learned how to fly. Although Matt has a harder time keeping up, Andrew is the first to get it right immediately. Not long after, all 3 are in the air, floating in the clouds and having fun. A passing plane knocks Steve to the ground, but Andrew saves him from a fatal fall. They admit to each other that this was the best day of their lives and agree to fly around the world together after graduation. Andrew expresses interest in visiting Tibet for its peaceful nature. Steve and Matt agree. Matt goes to Casey's house and tries to appeal to her, claiming he's not the nerd he used to be. Meanwhile, Steve and Andrew sit on top of the town needle. Steve praises his skill with the ability he has. They talk about their possible futures and how Andrew's relationship with Matt was different before high school. They were close friends before Matt started avoiding him. In a way, Steve is a friend that Andrew never had. Steve encourages Andrew to enter the school talent show to gain some popularity. Before he goes, his mother shows her admiration for his friends, but his drunken father is suspicious of how Andrew gets to school without Matt driving him. He thinks he's up to something and tells Andrew he's on to him. At the talent show, Andrew baffles his classmates by disguising his powers as an impressive display of magic tricks. He drops cards and then collects them back. Rope dancing while juggling. That night, the trio celebrates at a house party where Andrew is in the center of attention. After having drinks with his classmate Monica, Andrew and her go upstairs to pop that cherry. Casey is also at the party and they hit it off when Casey invites Matt to go somewhere else with her. Meanwhile, Steve goes upstairs to congratulate Andrew on his success, but he hears Monica scream in disgust as she storms out of the room with vomit on her blouse. He goes into the room and finds Andrew sitting there humiliated. Steve tries to comfort him that this kind of thing happens and not to worry, but Andrew angrily pushes him out of the room. Andrew becomes increasingly withdrawn and hostile. His father eventually discovers Andrew's camera and berates him for keeping such an expensive item for himself while he struggles financially. He also falsely accuses Andrew of wasting all his money and claims Matt and Steve are not his friends, calling him an embarrassment. Andrew counters and calls him an idiot. This infuriates Richard even more, so he physically attacks him. Andrew uses his ability to overpower him, throwing him against a wall and claiming that he could crush him if he wanted to, and throws the defeated Richard to the ground. His rampage causes Steve and Matt's noses to bleed and hurt. Matt ignores the nosebleed to continue his date with Casey, but Steve is drawn to Andrew, who is adrift in the middle of a storm. Andrew asks how he found him and explains how the nosebleed led him to him. He notices Andrew's black eye and realizes his father did it to him. An emotionally distraught Andrew tells him to stop pretending to care about his situation because he does not think Steve was his friend to begin with. Steve reminds him that he's always been there for him and Matt, but Andrew grows increasingly frustrated and keeps telling Steve to leave him alone until Steve is suddenly struck by lightning and killed. At Steve's funeral, Matt confronts Andrew about the suspicious circumstances of Steve's death: even though Steve was killed by lightning, the news has not reported lightning strikes and his body was found in a field, but there was no reason for him to be out there. He's also outraged that Andrew is filming at a funeral and demands that he turns off the camera, but Andrew refuses and tells Matt to back off. He denies knowing about it or being responsible for it, but Matt does not believe him. It later turns out that Matt was right when Andrew privately asks for forgiveness at Steve's grave, believing that his abilities are possessing him and that he misses him. Andrew distances himself from Matt and feels alone and unpopular at school again. After being bullied again by Wayne, he uses his powers to rip several teeth out of Wayne's mouth. Andrew begins to see himself as a predator and feels that he should not feel guilty about using his powers to harm weaker people. As his mother's condition worsens, Andrew goes to get his mother's medication. Before he leaves, Matt shows up in Andrew's room and confronts him about the incident at school with Wayne. Annoyed, Andrew tries to brush him off, but Matt gets aggressive and reminds him of the rules. Andrew, finally fed up with Matt, aggressively assures him that he's not breaking the rules and tells him to stay out of his life. At the pharmacy, Andrew finds out his mother's medication is too expensive. As a result, he decides to use his powers to steal money for her medicine, equipping his fathers firefighter suit. After robbing some local thugs, he robs a gas station where he accidentally causes an explosion that sends him to the hospital where the police investigate him. At his bedside, his grieving father informs the unconscious Andrew that his mother has died. Furious, he blames Andrew for her death and accuses him of forcing him out of the house to look for him when his mother needed him. Believing that Andrew can hear what he is telling him, he demands that Andrew gets up and apologizes to him for taking him away from her in her final time of need. Andrew wakes up, grabs his father's hand, and blows up the outside wall of the hospital room. Matt is attending a family birthday party with Casey when he suddenly gets a nosebleed and senses that Andrew is in trouble. He sees a report on the TV news about the explosion at the hospital and knows Andrew is involved. Matt and Casey head to the hospital and find Andrew hovering outside the building with his father dangling above the ground by his ankle. Andrew accuses his father of driving him insane and drops him, only to be rescued by Matt. Andrew proceeds to wreak havoc with his powers, picking up Matt's car and nearly killing Casey before Matt saves her life. Matt confronts Andrew at the Space Needle and tries to talk some sense into him, telling him that it's not too late to turn everything around and they can start over. Andrew disagrees and berates Matt for abandoning him when he needed him. Matt admits his mistakes, but is willing to make amends if Andrew stops his attacks. He tries to remind Andrew that this is not who he is, but Andrew declares himself the Apex Predator and attacks Matt. The two fight across the city, breaking through buildings and flinging vehicles as Matt continues to try and talk to the injured and angry Andrew. He begins to use his powers to destroy the buildings around him, threatening many other lives. Unable to get through to Andrew, Matt snatches a spear from a nearby statue and impales Andrew with it, killing him. The police surround Matt, but he flies away. Some time later, Matt lands in Tibet with Andrew's camera. Matt positions the camera to see a Tibetan monastery in the distance and says, "You did it." Before flying away, he says goodbye to "Andrew" and leaves the camera behind to continue recording the quiet scene. The end. Thank you for watching! Subscribe if you'd like to see more videos like this. 