listen, Amazon isn't playing with their shows. like I admit that when I first was looking into them, I wasn't really taking them seriously because all I cared about was their two-day shipping. so every time I got an ad for Bosch, I would ignore it more than the NBA. but one day I decided pinching all their shows. and they're freaking incredible. like Amazon is already making plays every award season with their movies. but when I saw this show called homecoming, i legit. think this may be top three best series going on right now. however, what I want to talk about in this video is another one that's taken my heart, a show that I do believe is in the top 10 of the year. and I'm gonna go on more tangents than mrs. Basel. let me explain. so I highly recommend the show. and as most of you know, if you've watched these videos, I highly encourage you guys to stop to let me explain, go binge it and then come back to talk about it, so you could just, you know, experience it on your own. but this show pretty much revolves around this housewife named midge, whose businessman of a husband strives to be a comedian, only for her to find out that he's been stealing more lines than IGN what's crazy about the show is that, after she finds out that her husband is a liar, that he's a cheater, she takes all of that anger out on stage, where she finds out that she may, in fact, be the comedian in the family, and then becomes the incredible mrs. Mazal. I think it's interesting how this is pretty much a play on Joan Rivers, who was also a young Jewish divorced wife who got some mentoring from Lenny Bruce to become a prolific female comedian. that was pretty vulgar. you shut that card or I don't want you to sue me because I said she wasn't attractive. but I made it up because I got her a spa day at pets R Us. I had a very bad when I was having my child, when I was kidding. I mean, Melissa, I screamed and screamed, and that was just during conception. very angry. I don't know why, cuz I think she's a brilliant author. I think you just bring it back. did you see her as Lincoln? Kim Kardashian, you know, II looked, I was at the wedding and I caught the bouquet. is that safe? yeah, first thing to catch from her that didn't need a shot of penicillin. but if they ever make a real biopic on rivers, they have to get Christine Baranski to do it, because, look at him. I love season 1. season 2 is good, but it's nowhere near season 1. and I that has to do with the kind of like sophomore slump that a lot of shows go through, where it's not saying that the second season is bad, it's just not as great as the first. but what's always consistent with Mazal is a dialogue and Stan. I don't know the details, but looking at Stan, just want to apologize and tell them everything's gonna be okay, which it won't, cuz it Stan like you ever watch a musical, and by the time they get to the music, it's not really up to par. or maybe they do something like in season two, where, you know, they hype up a painting or something that's supposed to be visually stimulating, and you know that they can't live up to the hype that they're giving it so the cameraman never actually shows the painting on screen. well, I love how Maysles acts are actually funny, right? I've seen a lot of stand-up based shows or movies where they turn the audience into a laugh track, even though the punchlines that they're given on stage or weaker than Urkel. and I think all of the credit goes to the Paladino duo right here, who write the show together, which i think is really cool. there's there's long chunks of time where we actually, during a day, don't see each other. one person is down on stage directing, one person's in the writers room, or one person is in editing, or one person's sound mix and it's one person's hiding, yes, one person's just sobbing in a corner, eating their hair, usually me. and we have those moments where it's like, what was your day like? even though our days were kind of the same days and in the same arena, but we didn't have the same experiences. but when you consider that Amy, who also previously did Gilmore Girls, which I hear is a great show that y'all should binge, you realize why every scene feels like a tennis match with words pork chops on my tab. I can't believe that the rabbi's been mad at us since the wedding. it only took four years of apologies and a dreidel signed by Sammy Davis jr. but we finally bought this graceful. you like your free pork chops? zip it then delivery Thursday. obviously. when you have a great cast, that's easy. you know, some of y'all may know Tony Shalhoub is monk, where he's really good. but here he's literally touching everything. so they don't clean in here. it's fine, just the way it is. you have to pick your friends as if there's a war going on. you want a husband will take a bullet for you, not one who points to the Attic and says, they're up there. I'd say he's the second most important role as midges father. there is the mom, who is kind of getting more development in the second season, even though I don't warn about her son. and that dude, the CIA agents Joe, who's a complete and utter buffoon. in season one, he's the ex-husband who like, hi, how do you go for the secretary over this so proportional? how long have you been measuring yourself like this every day for 10 years, even when you were pregnant? mm-hmm. there's not enough daiquiris in the wall. granted, I feel like he's eventually gonna become midges bodyguard, since he's already been paper buying it a bit for her. or he takes that small loan of 60k that his dad gave him back in the day and finds his own nightclub to trump the competition and give Mazal spot to perform. suzy, whoo. look, I can't get over where I remember her from, cuz I don't know how many of you watched Matt to be back in the day, but every time I see her, I'll never be able to think of anything else but mrs. Swan. she was my favorite character after Stewie. but here she please, the manager who, by the end of season two, gets offered a job to manage the competition, who I personally think she's gonna take in. I think she should take it, but again, that's just me, and I personally think she's just still be carrying that plunger. and then there's season two's new love interest, who Chuck's he's so adorable. and I want to say that, in my opinion, they're gonna stay together. like he's already a busy doctor. so that offer that Mazal gets at the end of season two, I don't see why he wouldn't support it, considering that he already likes her stage persona. I personally don't think it's gonna be a problem. but considering that they're trying to make something out of what kind of feels is really nothing, that's where I guess a lot of the criticisms for the show starts to come in. like, I've heard a couple people complain that Mazal isn't really that empowering, considering she's already rich, she's gorgeous, and she seems to be divergent with the way she always gets everything her way. and while I kind of see that, you know, being raised by a single mother, I'm not really gonna give hazel a pass or any Pop's because she works two jobs just for fun. I don't think you do validates her story. like, yeah, she does get a lot of passes, but she's also put into a lot of situations where she has to figured out herself every time her time slot is pushed back, she makes the best of it. she takes her criticisms and downfalls and turns them into comedy. and I also think she's trash sometimes. so, yeah, she's not perfect. she messes up. so in the same way that I'm against censoring comedians, I'm also not gonna look down on a character and play the oppression Olympics on them. like, if I'm watching something, I'm here to hear their story. I think comedy is heading into a very dangerous place right now, and I'm very worried about there's there's some, some weird on it. I am NOT myself, if we start not being able to do stories, hmm, because view to the lens of me too, or this, that you can't suddenly have anyone having a political position or it's or thinking about the message that it's sending out. there's no comedy about what you just, no one's seen it like, you know, outrage addiction. I think we're all sort of into that. said, I don't know what's going on with the parent side of this story. it almost feels like the kids are just there to be used by Mesa whenever she needs a line or they need to advance a little part of the story. like season two began and I had completely forgotten that she had an infant. I thought this baby had just gotten dropped off by a stork or something like there's been little to no conversations with the kids, and I'm not expecting them to give a Jacob Trembley speech or anything like that. but if you're gonna have them as plot points, give them a little attention. she didn't even think about them when she automatically signed up for a six-month tour. she thought about everyone else but thumb, like even I more about a Donna's when he went more about a Donna's when he went on his that said, I'm so excited for season three. I highly recommend both seasons. and it just continues to prove that while Netflix and Hulu and all these other stations are doing big stuff, Amazon a mess. okay. [Music]. thinking I'm checking out this video. I'm Commissioner. your thoughts down below in the comment section. which character stands out the most to you? I don't know if you guys have seen missus Mazal. if you were like me and you just want paying attention to the Amazon shows, I listen to y'all's recommendations. you know, I say listen all the time, but I listened to you guys. this was one that was recommended a lot on the intercut podcast. if you guys don't know the intercut podcast, definitely go check that out. I host it with my buddy Zach, who, by the way, has a music video, which I'll link up right here. definitely go check that out. he's been directing some incredible stuff. but over there on the podcast, we're always talking about, like, new shows. and recently we've just fallen in love with Amazon, because you guys are recommended stuff. this, I would say it's top 3 in Amazon. homecoming is one that I definitely want to make a video on. but, you know, Amazon's got a bunch of secret things over there that I guess they are getting pushed a lot. just no one's taking Amazon as serious or, I mean, people watch it, I just don't think that they're taking it as serious as they do Netflix or some other streaming stuff. for the people who, and you still look down on streaming, there are some really good stuff going on over there. Kirsten, are your thoughts down below in the comment section? any other shows that you recommend that you want to see. until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you to Peter lubbers 