[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition, aka, a friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and with far from home putting the world in a spin, the web has just received reports on what the original ending for the film was supposed to be. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the alternate scenes, as well as why they were changed for the final cut. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't seen far from home yet and don't want anything ruined, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into my breakdown of the alternate ending for far from home. okay, so in the original ending of spider-man, far from home, Mysterio is revealed to be a disgruntled ex-employee of Tony Stark, who, along with others, has been trying to get access to his tech. early in the film, Peter, who doubts his own abilities, hands over the Edith glasses, which grab the wearer access to stocks Arsenal. and with these now in the clutches of Mysterio, he is able to launch a massive attack on Tower Bridge. Peter rushes there, manages to defeat Mysterio, who seemingly dies, though don't believe everything you see on the internet. and he returns home after saving the day and getting the girl of his dreams. Peter swings through the city with MJ, and all seems great, until a live broadcast of fake news from the Daily Bugle net reveals that Mysterio, or one of his cohorts, has created some fake footage that shows he launched the attack on Tower Bridge. as another gut punch from beyond the grave, spider-man's identity is revealed as Peter Parker, which, yeah, what a cliffhanger. whilst we cut to black, this scene actually played out a lot differently in the original ending of the film, with the writers, though, coming to the same conclusion, revealing Peters identity to the world in a different way. when speaking to the New York Times recently, co-write as Eric summers and Chris McKenna, stated that initially, Peters identity reveal was going to be part of the final act of the movie, instead of just part of the post-credits scene. in the interview, they stated with Mysterio, there were versions of the story where he was at the forefront as an out-and-out villain that Peter and Nick were chasing around Europe as he pulled off these events. this was all building to this backstory of why he was doing it, which was a wholly different third act. we went down a lot of different roads. and ultimately, because Mysterio deals so much in deception, it was sort of natural, and it led to a story structure where his entire identity was a mislead. for a while, we were challenged by the producers to come up with something that Peter sacrifices by the end of this movie. and when we hit upon that as a group, it became a very scary idea. it's such a bold maneuver that it became inevitable, particularly with a tricky character like Mysterio, who's this dark father figure from the grave. is he trying to give Peter his I'm Iron Man moment it's thrust upon him? but is this a lesson or a punishment? we played with the idea that Peter is the one who sacrifices his identity out of necessity during the final battle. then it seemed more interesting if Mysterio tricks him into doing it. but anytime we wrote a version where he was being revealed for the world in that battle, it felt like it diminished the victory before it became a tag. it was really just the end of the movie, right as he feels like he's stepping up his spider-man, he has the rug pulled out from under him again. so it seems like Mysterio was going to use Peter being gullible again to reveal who he was, similar for the scene earlier in the movie where he accidentally gave up Ned and MJ's identity de Becque during the skyscraper fight. what really hits home with me is that they talk about Peter sacrificing his identity out of necessity, which could have meant that Mysterio held some of Peters friends hostage, and therefore forced him to reveal who he was of the world in order to save their lives. whilst I think this would have been cool to see, I definitely think the post-credits scenes stinger works a lot better. as not only does a compromised peter's identity, it also sets him up as a target for both heroes and villains, as the world will believe that he killed Mysterio and has been orchestrating the attacks. the fact that he has edith, of course, gives him access to this. and many will no doubt worry that he now has too much power, especially for his age, which of course, sets of civil war to potentially with Captain Marvel trying to take this back. personally, I think the ending that we got works a lot better, and easy to see why I've made it to the final cut. as this original ending allows Peter to become the hero, which is, no doubt not what Mysterio wanted, hence the reveal. in addition to this, it was also some discussion over the post-credits scene and getting JK Simmons involved, in which the writers said there had already been some interest and possibly using JK Simmons when we brought JJ on her back. so once it was decided that we were going to reveal his identity at the very end, instead of the final battle, it all fell into place very naturally at J Jonah would be involved. something that had been floating around through this entire movie was the idea of fake news, and how you can believe everything we see. we had been toying with that idea that Mysterio would turn spider-man into a villain, just like he did in the comic books. and I felt like that then tied into this J Jonah 2.0 as the Alex Jones of the MCU. originally, Nick Fury and Maria Hill were not scrolls either. however, the writers felt that it would be a disservice to fury to have him tricked by an illusionist when he's supposed to be one of the world's most cunning spies. overall, I definitely think the changes work a lot better. and the film really got me hooked on to what could come down the line. it was a smart move for the film to play out the way it did, and I really can't wait to see what's next for the webhead. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the film, and if you would have preferred the original ending or not, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of everything that we know so far about the Marvel San Diego Comic Con. face for panel, it goes over all of the upcoming movies, and it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. I'll leave that linked at the end, and hopefully I'll see you over there. after this, I also just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of Avengers endgame on blu-ray to one lucky winner. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the movie in the comments section below. the winner will be chosen at random and August the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from the end. whoever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again to take the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 