listen. so I think two of the biggest movies out of Sundance is the Zoomer inspires Ola and the Grand Jury Prize winning me not eat. and I think both of these will still be talked about by this time next year. let me explain. so Zola's based on roughly a 144 to 148 Twitter thread that's been called a beta see a lesson in hoe ISM. there's audio retellings of it on YouTube, fan trailers. there's an entire profile that was done by Rolling Stone. and while the movie is adapting that article and Zola's story, it really is a literal Twitter thread adaptation of a movie, from the sounds, the framing, the pacing. we've seen a lot of movies that try to showcase and tackle text messaging on screen. this movie just goes for it. it tells the tale of zola, who was waitressing in Detroit when a sex worker named Stephanie befriends her, invites her on a Florida trip for work. and then you get this 90-minute odyssey. night 24 and Sony are distributing it, but, um, I don't know how they're gonna handle the MPAA with this. can I say this, because a lot of the older generation that was pulling up to the screenings. we're thinking that it was about the poet. I was her waitress. in terms of casting, Taylor Paige is a star. she's been in a couple of things, dating back to a part in High School Musical 3, but she is the breakout in this like casting directors, I appreciate y'all's work. I truly believe you deserve a category at the Oscars. so do your job and cast this woman right here. don't pull another Lupita and like, years pass before she gets her due. Riley Keough, Stephanie um might be too good. calling Domingo plays the pimp who goes by accent to accents. and Nicolas Braun went from sky high to cousin Greg and now he's Derek. and yeah, Derek is pretty lost, I think, in life. I think he's a vapor without a vapor. you know, that said, this movie is nothing without Janissa Bravo. uh. I wasn't the biggest fan of the previous movie she directed, which was also at Sundance a couple years ago. but having seen Zola twice, she absorbs you into this world. there's a certain basketball sequence where she plays with sound in order to make the new setting unsettling. at one point, she even switches perspective to another character. but because they used reddit to tell their story, it changes the way the movies being told. and she's an entire lookbook that I wish I could grab for the movie. since the technology and culture of that time, from 2015, it's already considered a period piece. that said, not everything is an out vote for me in this movie, I I do think the movie still needs an ending. it is taken to be in a parallel universe, in a sense, with everyone's names being altered. but considering the ending to the real story and how the movie, you know, decides to end, I do feel they could have had just a bigger conclusion. but that's just my personal opinion. I'm still very, very happy James Franco didn't direct this, and I'm even happier that Riley Keough was cast over Bella Thorne this movie directed by someone else. we're Taylor and Riley are swamped. and it was very important to me, in my body, to make sure that Taylor was what I needed her to be, which was subversion of myself, and that Riley was a version of the nightmare. now, this one comes from a 24 in plan Brad. so the hype was through the roof. now, most of us were calling it Minari throughout the entire festival, but director Lee Isaac Chong mentioned that it's actually pronounced me naughty. it's based on the directors childhood. as the movie follows a Korean American family who sets up a farm in Arkansas. and well, I think people left the screening loving Alan Kim and his cowboy outfit the best. I'm not gonna like. this is a this is an ensemble. the entire cast is spectacular. Steven Yeun has been an international star, from all the stuff he's done in the States to burning to delivering one of the best subtitle Easter eggs and bongs. okhta Han Yuri, as the mother, is an anchor. in cements the theming of the movie, especially with the confrontation she has in the second half. but the grandma, Yan yujeong, looked at 9i and said, give me the mantle of best grandmother year. and I'm saying this because right before our screening started, they like, hyped her up a lot. the grandma was gonna be like, really good in the movie. and I mean, like they overhyped her and it's still delivered. so this is me hyping her up to you. but what was really wonderful was every single actor here was really engaged in the process. and it really felt like we were just living, and they just happened to be filming. and that was really wonderful. I know it's cliche DuBose about its authenticity, because everyone's just trying to do that nowadays. but the fact that Lee Isaac and Steven are cousins, I think adds a lot to it. after the premiere, they talked about how both of these guys, both of these men, were hugging their fathers in tears. I was in tears. and then came the notes. Lee Issac head working with a 24 and Plan B. what I loved about those guys is that they are really always on the forefront, I feel the pushing something new in cinema. and they were encouraging me, hey, look, make it more Korean. is what is the note I got from my first draft of the script. I'm sure most of you read that buffoonery from Sarah and Oscar voters, who believed Best Picture needed to be an American film, even though none of the A's and AMPAS or the words Best Picture is staying for America. what I'm curious about is how they're going to label this movie, because last year at Sundance, they premiered The Farewell, and that went all the way to the Globes, but that was considered a foreign film, even though it wasn't the u.s. dramatic competition. and u.s. plays a big part, because the farewell wasn't just referring to the ending, but the first goodbye when she moved to America. I mean, at E this is an American family as well. they're moving to Arkansas from Cali. they're running an American farm on American soil. they're working with the Bible Belt community, and in an awkward way, but progressive nonetheless. and I've never really understood the whole set habla English only in America, considering that our own states, including Oregon, saw originate from an indigenous language that's not English. so I think it's time some of y'all redefine what will make something an American film. because American doesn't just mean you think guys watching this video, you should know your thoughts about this. like I said, we're gonna be covering more and more of these individually, but we do have the whole big must watch Sundance video if you just want to sit down for like 15 minutes and see the stuff from this festival that you would maybe want to play have in your radar. we also have a much longer intercut podcast episode that i mentioned if you want to see us cover practically every category that was there at Sundance. the next festival that we have up is South by Southwest. I'm curious know your thoughts on all these things. again, Zola, I think, do you think, you know, when you go to a film festival, it's a lot of people who, you know, know about the film festival, or can afford to go to the film festival, but like, the public has yet to see these movies. and I think, me, natis gonna be like, just critically praised all around. but I'm very curious to see how the younger generation, not just the younger generation, but normal people on Twitter, who don't like a write for a living, what they think about Zola, cuz I think it's gonna, it's gonna be huge. we all know Hollywood's are scavengers, and they don't really give a crap about foreign filter right now. they're hot. and if they can get anything that's labeled Korean, old man, they're gonna take it. so if you are a Korean filmmaker, this is a PSA right now. bleed them dry. pull Oh Marty Scorsese and take that 150 mm. take whatever you can. because right now, with streaming services, I mentioned this in the past, everyone is just playing the content came trying to make as much as possible. if you are a filmmaker, if you have any ideas, jump on that. and for the goofy ass. I just got to say this right now, especially after the Oscars and stuff, I had a lot of people telling me that 1917 should have won because I was the most American film. it's British, you fools. but I guess it had war, so they considered American. other than that, I'm very curious what you guys think about these movies once they come out. I believe they are both scheduled to be coming out in the summer, unless they push them for like awards reasons that I'm here to know your thoughts. other than that, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a six-pack of water from the mountains 