[Music]. five friends head to a remote cabin where the discovery of a book of the dead leads them to unwittingly summon up demons living in the nearby woods. welcome to total recaps. today we will explain a 2013 horror titled evil dead. take a seat and enjoy. a young lady covered in blood walks through the woods. at the opening of the film, a person follows her and finally leaps on her, tossing a sack over her head and whacking her with the butt of his axe. the lady awakens in a basement in the company of a woman who speaks only welsh. the father of the young lady comes in front of her. when she asks for her mother, the father informs her that she murdered her. the elderly lady pressurizes the father to murder his daughter, so he douses her with gas. as she begs him not to. the young lady warns him that she will devour his soul. before he can light a match, her eyes become yellow and she looks demonic and begins writing. as the father drops the match, the father pulls out a shotgun, declares his love for her, and then blows her head off her shoulders. later, a vehicle is going to a peaceful area of the woods where a cabin is located. david, his girlfriend natalie, and their pals, olivia and eric, are introduced. there is also mia, who is david's sister. mia complains about a weird smell. as the party enters the cabin, mia, a recovering drug addict, takes a bag of powdered cocaine from her purse and dumps it down the well, resolving to stop using drugs for good. olivia informs david that this isn't the first time they've attempted to completely cut mia off of her drugs. she begins to scream later that evening, indicating that she is experiencing withdrawal symptoms. olivia administers a sedative, but mia continues to complain of an awful smell that no one else notices. grandpa, their dog, sniffs around the floor and discovers a basement entrance hidden under a rug. when david and eric enter the cellar, they find the smell is emanating from decaying animal corpses. they also stumble upon a weird looking book that looks ancient. the following day, eric cracks open the books cover, which is scrolled with warnings such as, leave this book alone and do not [ __ ] read this. eric naturally flips through it and comes on a page with some scrub phrases and a warning not to speak, write or hear what's within. he covers the book with a sheet of paper and uses a pencil to shade over it, exposing some words that he starts to read at the same time, mia, who is outside, starts to feel sick and hears a weird voice calling her. she enters the cabin and begins gathering her belongings, stating that she will no longer be present. she climbs out the window and takes eric's vehicle. but as she drives through the woods, she notices the figure and crashes the car into a marsh. mia attempts to get out when she wakes up, but a person emerges from the marsh, and she flees, falling into a thorn bush. the branches and sticks encircle her arms and legs. and the person, who seems to be a bloodied and horrific version of herself, regurgitates a black, wormy creature with thorns that climbs mia's leg and enters her when david and olivia hear her cry, they go out to locate her. she was allegedly attempting to hurt herself, according to the group. when david enters her chamber, she informs him that something is in the room with him. when he walks outdoors, he notices blood on the ground. he looks for grandpa in a hole under the tool shed and finds him. david pulls him from the hole, but he's already dead. mia brutalized the dog to death with a hammer that was laying nearby, according to david. he rushes back inside the cabin, hoping to see mia, but she's in the shower. she raises the temperature of the water until it is scorching hot, and her skin begins to burn. she is quickly rescued by the group. eric sees an image of a creature with flaming flesh on an open page in the book. as mia is frothing at the mouth, david puts her in his jeep and drives her to the hospital. unfortunately, the roads are flooded, so he will have to turn around. olivia gives another sedative to mia, but she then enters the living room with a rifle. mia lets out a terrifying scream as she raises it up and shoots near david. and the door swings open. you're all going to die tonight, she adds in a possessed voice. olivia then tries to take the rifle away from mia, but mia vomits huge amount of blood all over her. olivia shoves her down the basement, which eric seals. he believes it has something to do with the items discovered in the basement. olivia attempts to wash the blood and vomit off of herself, but the mirror shatters as she sees a mangled picture of herself. she goes away, then stops and twitches her eyes as she wets herself. next to olivia, the book suddenly opens to a page showing a person wielding a knife in their severed facial flesh. olivia is ripping the skin off her face with the shattered glasses. eric enters the bathroom. he staggers backwards and slides on the skin of the cheek. olivia stabs him in the face with a needle and then with the shattered glass, just as david and natalie walk in eric pushes her off and breaks a piece of the toilet, which he uses to beat her to death. eric's wounds are being treated by david. he informs david that it's his fault since he opened the book, and that it's his responsibility that this is happening. when natalie returns to the living room, she discovers that the cellar door has been left open. mia is still sobbing and pleading for assistance. mia's voice turns low, demonic and menacing when natalie attempts to dive down and grab her, stating he won't stop until he is all of you. natalie attempts to flee, but mia grabs her hand and bites it. she attempts to defend herself with a box cutter, but mia snatches it and cuts her tongue in half. natalie is grabbed and kissed, and her mouth are filled with blood. david locates them and rescues natalie. they slam the basement door shut, trapping meal within. david discovers eric attempting to set the book on fire, but it won't burn. he informs david of what he has learned from the book. a terrible creature has been released, and it is bound to me a soul. it is looking for a group of souls to unleash something known as the abomination. natalie, on the other hand, is having some serious issues with the bite wound on her hand. something inside her arm starts to spread, and she notices a knife. mia comes out of the basement to warn natalie not to cut it off, but natalie cuts her arm. as her arm comes off, david and eric track her down. eric informs david that there are three options for ending this, burying mia alive, decapitating her or burning her alive. eric considers david a coward since he refuses to do any of it. natalie enters, now possessed, and she pulls out a nail gun and fires at eric, who is pierced by a few nails. natalie begins beating david with a crowbar. as he attempts to grab the weapon, eric fires a nail gun at her, prompting her to begin bludgeoning him with the crowbar. david shoots her hand off with the gun before she can administer the deadly blow, before she dies. natalie seems to return to normal, moaning about the agony with mia still inside david ultimately decides to burn the cabin down. he pours gasoline on the floor. but before he can put down the lighter, mia begins singing a lullaby that their mother used to sing. and david is unable to respond. a bolt of lightning hits a tree outside, causing it to catch fire. he devises a new strategy. he takes two syringes and some other equipment and starts to dig a hole outdoors. he makes his way down to the basement. he comes upon mia, who cuts him with a box cutter. she attempts to drown him, but eric intervenes and strikes mia. david confronts eric, and he finally dies. david drags mia outdoors and begins burying her as he begs him to stop with her original voice. he buries her fully, then waits till the rain stops and the fire on the tree dies out. david then digs mia from the ground. he takes a vehicle battery and inserts the syringes into mia's chest in an attempt to resurrect her. she does not return. he tears up as he covers her body and goes away. mia, on the other hand, stands and approaches david. she's back to her old self, and they hug. the two return to the cabin to retrieve the keys to david's jeep, but david is followed by a possessed eric, who stabs him in the neck. he takes out his gun and fires at the gasoline canister, causing the cabin to burst into flames, and killing himself and eric for good. it begins to pour blood outside. mia is grabbed by a hand that erupts from the earth. it's the abomination. it pursues mia, who attempts to escape by grabbing a chainsaw from the tool shed. she hides under the jeep and manages to [ __ ] the abomination by slicing off its legs. however, when she attempts to flee, the abomination turns the jeep over, crushing mia's arm. she yanks herself free, cutting her arm in the process. the abomination moves closer to mia, but she slams her crippled arm into the chainsaw's handle and kills it. its body decomposes and returns to the earth. the rain has stopped and the sun has emerged. mia goes away first, no more, but alone. meanwhile, outside the burning cabin, the book closes itself and waits for its next victims. thank you for watching. if you want to see more, make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications. see you later. 