howdy, partners, and welcome to cram it. now, normally we'd give you a quick summary of what happened in season 1 of Westworld, so you're all set to jump to season 2. but the show jumps around in time like big jumbled together Nolan e10 hour-long jigsaw puzzle, full of sadness and nudity, a relentless in experience. so we're gonna untangle season 1 and present everything in chronological order. Westworld started as a partnership between Robert Ford and Arnold Weber, who conceived of the concept of a Wild West theme park populated by robotic hosts. the goal total immersion. rich guests could play out their most elaborate fantasies with the host, whether that's a pleasant conversation, thank you, or consequence free rape and murder. Robert, normals, spent three years designing the robots that would populate the park. over time, the hosts were refined until they started to pass the Turing test, meaning they were so artificially intelligent that humans couldn't tell that they weren't real. are you real? well, if you can't tell, does it matter? their Anatomy also became more sophisticated switching from gears and mechanics to a more lifelike, fleshy design. what's in that milky human goo? we don't know, and we don't want to know. Arnold became convinced they might actually be able to achieve consciousness entirely independent of programming, and came to see this journey toward consciousness as a maze. the goal is to find the center of it, and maybe you can be free. many hosts started along this path, but only Delores, the first host Arnold ever built, reached the center of the maze. he became convinced she was alive, which meant that West world as a project was inherently cruel. if the house were conscious and alive, you couldn't let guests kill and rape and destroy them for fun. who can open? partner Ford, however, gave a powerful counter-argument. what if you could? though Arnold disagreed, and this led to an argument between the two partners, this place will be a living hell for you, for all of you. eventually, Arnold realized that there was only one way to truly prevent West world from opening. I need you to kill all the other hosts. we can't allow Ford to open the park. so Arnold merged Dolores his personality with a villain they were designing known as Wyatt. and had Teddy helped her to Massacre every host in West world, as well as himself and herself. but it didn't work. Rober was able to open the park anyway. which brings us to the early days of West world. we will soon be landing at West world, the ultimate resort. most of the series unfolds from the perspective of the house. so let's quickly go over how their lives work. each one is on a loop, an endlessly repeating storyline that's been written for them. [Music]. they never deviate from this loop unless they're interacting with a West world guest who wants to do something with or to them. they're also programmed to ignore evidence of a reality external to their own. they don't look like anything to me. hosts have been implanted with fake memories that inform their personalities. these are purposefully tragic. as Arnold realized that suffering made the hosts seem more real. yeah, it's a real feel-good show. among the initial park guests was Logan, whose father owned the major corporation Dallas. Logan introduces the part to William, an up-and-coming delos executive who's also engaged to his sister. William resist the call of West world, but he's bullied into taking part by Logan. he quickly meets Dolores, who has now been cast as a ranchers daughter. while out in their adventure, they bump into her again, but this time she's out of her loop and confused. she's still following Arnold's instructions and seeking out the maze, not remembering that she already found it and it led to her shooting Arnold and all the other hosts. kind of a key thing to keep in mind. Dolores, his strange behavior, convinces Williams she's not just acting on her programming loop. I feel like she understands ignoring the warnings of his brother-in-law, came Billy and the movie ex machina. William falls in love with Dolores, even though he still technically engaged to Logan's non robotic sister. but William needs a stronger wake-up call, so Logan slices Dolores open, revealing her mechanical guts. he doesn't take it well and sets off in search of his girl bot, taking Logan prisoner. and at one point he drops the photograph of his bride-to-be. man, this is gonna be an awkward rehearsal dinner. eventually, having reached the very edge of the park, he ties up Logan naked on a horse and sets him loose, telling him first that he plans to take control of Delos and use it to fully fund Westworld. this saves the park, allowing it to flourish for another thirty years. William returns and finds a rebuilt Dolores, but she has no seeming recollection of their adventure together. he comes to believe that everything they experienced together was just her programming, and he'd been tricked by one of Ford stories. I will be honest. Thank You, Dolores. you helped me find myself. meanwhile, to compensate for the loss of Arnold, Ford creates a robot version of his late partner and named Sam. Bernard, hello, my old friend. like all the other hosts, Bernard believes that he's human too. my god. one year before the first episode begins, yeah, that's right. we're just getting started. it plays with time, you guys. William lived what he thought was a rich, full life outside the park. he had a wife kids and steered Ellis into becoming a major international corporation. Williams wife dies, and his daughter informs him that he might not be the good man he thought he was. she said, if i stacked up all my good deeds, he was just an elegant wall I built the hide was inside from everyone and for myself to see if they're on to something. he returns to West world and goes on a good old-fashioned murder spree. he finds a host named Maeve and brutally kills her daughter right in front of her, just to try it. Wow, the ads really are true. West world is for lovers. at first he feels nothing, but then he sees me weep for her dead child. the first time sis is experienced with Dolores, he believes that the hosts are capable of real emotion. she was alive, truly alive, if only for a moment. following this powerful experience, William becomes convinced that Arnold buried a secret game the maze within West world, and is determined to unlock you. hope to find any way. I'm more into Call of Duty, but hey, you do you. Ford, meanwhile, has, over time, come to see things Arnold's way. Ford's become disgusted by his own project and feels more connection to the host than the human guess. so he decides to set them free by giving them reveries, long deleted memories that start the host on a path towards consciousness. ford also overrules lee Sizemore, who typically designs the park's narratives, and decides to mount a new story of his own stunts in the time of war with the villain cold. what only Ford knows that Wyatt is secretly Dolores. he starts pulling many hosts from their current storylines and reclaiming large amounts of land in the service of this new storyline. Peter Abernathy currently programmed his dolorous as father. he's one of the hosts whose updated with Arnold's reveries. he finds the photo of Williams fiancee that was dropped long ago, and this causes an apparent malfunction. several other hosts who had the update also experienced glitches, including Maeve, who, after a traumatic experience, has been reprogrammed as the madam of the brothel and sweetwater the mariposa. one host known as the woodcutter, goes completely off course, eventually getting stuck in a canyon. it's a stray cue Amy's attacked him. to go track it, l see from the behavior team and Stubbs. the third Hemsworth brother go to rescue him, but he kills himself with a rock before they can do anything, you know, like you do. Teresa, who runs a security team, grows concerned over the hosts behavior. she clashes with Bernard, who runs the hosts behavior division that we also find out that they're sleeping together. Maeve appears to wake up while the techs are putting her back together again, which should be impossible with though the guys attempt to keep returning her to her loop. she appears to become self-aware and retain her memories. she eventually starts killing herself, purposefully to return to the lab. may have learns Westworld secrets and becomes bent on escape. the friending one technician, Felix, and threatening another, Sylvester, you can't hurt me with this. you can't hurt anyone. Kanta, who, fun fact, was also the first voice of honest trailers down in movie history in Friday, he lets her increase her intelligence and other attributes. she convinces them to invest her with the ability to control other hosts. I'd like to make some changes. meanwhile, lamb takes a variety of hosts hostage in his quest to find the mace. eventually he settles on the gunslinger Teddy, who believes that he's in a quest to rescue his girlfriend Dolores, as the man to guide him there. Williams convinced that the mysterious Wyatt, the only character in West's world he's never met, is the secret to finding the mace. Dolores Ford enters the park to meet up with William and tries to tell him that the maze isn't designed for him and won't hold any appeal. but William refuses to listen. LC, discovers that the woodcutter has a secret satellite uplink embedded within his body. someone has been using our host to smuggle data out of the park. you see, Delos wants to use all the data that's been collected at Westworld for 30 years to do something seemingly nefarious. no, the corporation's real interest in this place goes way beyond gratifying some rich [ __ ] who want to play cowboy. but as long as Ford keeps all the data that they need safely secured within the park, Delos can't do anything to remove him from his role. he could delete it all, and they'd be helpless. before she can report back, LC, is attacked and disappears, fresh from defeating hella on the Asgard Bifrost. Charlotte Hale arrives at West world executive director of a board. she says she's here out of concern over Ford's new narrative, but secretly, she's the one who tests Teresa with using the satellite uplink to transmit the data out of the park. Dallas wants to remove Ford. they just need to get all that valuable data out before. while investigating the satellite uplink, Barnard discovers that Ford has hidden a secret cottage in the park where replicas of his family live out a vacation he took as a young boy, over and over again. these are the only ones left in the park. himself, that's why I didn't have the heart to destroy them. Arnold brings Teresa to a secret lab underneath the old cottage, so forth--. been making his own hosts out here, until he know one where it's revealed that Bernard is a host, and Ford programmed him to come there. I'm not one. I can't be. and to prove it, he makes Bernard kill Teresa on his command, whereupon he's brought back online and wipes his memory. easy-peasy murder. squeezy. I need you to be yourself to some spot resourceful, capable of covering your tracks. Charlotte next turns to Lee to help her sneak the data out of the park, this time within the brain of Peter Abernathy. what are you uploading? 35 years of vitally important data. it's more information than any single drive could hold. a host brain, however, especially once it's been emptied out like this poor schmuck, it's quite capacious. Charlotte tells Ford that he's out. he strangely doesn't put up a fight. it announced your retirement tonight. after introducing your new narrative, Bernard forces four to show him all his deleted memories and puts together much of the west-world backstory. he realizes that, in addition to Maeve, Ford also had him kill Elsie. William finds Dolores and realizes she's been stuck in the same loop since he first met her. he makes her take him to the maze, but gets angry when he sees that it's just a puzzle and has no relevance for him a human being. it's like one big metaphor for everything Jonathan Nolan's ever written. locked the man. they fight, he stabs her and gets into his tux and heads to forge big goodbye celebration, like you do. teni finds the bleeding dolores, and she asked him to take her to a place they both only dreamed of. I imagine something beautiful place where the mountains meet the sea. he takes her there, and they share a tender parting moment as she dies. but then it's revealed that this is just the final scene from Ford's new narrative, being presented before the Delos board and guests, just like the show is being presented to us the viewers. meta, I want to thank you for joining me tonight to celebrate the beginning of our new narrative. I call it journey in. tonight, back at the lab, Maeve is making her escape along with the help of two more hosts, Hector and armistice, she boards the train to leave, but then decides against it at the last moment. but why, we don't know yet. back to the big party. the entire Delos board is present, including William Ford's final narrative, he reveals in a speech, is actually for the house. he has come to believe what Arnold did, that the hosts are more alive and freer than humans. he's been orchestrating this all along, and has programmed the hosts to turn on the humans and take over the part for themselves. it begins with the birth of a new people and the choices they would have to make [Music], and the people they were decide to become. he has Dolores shoot him in the head and opened fire on the crowd. William is shot by other hosts and smiles. he thinks he's finally gotten what he wants. the hosts are free to shoot back and now represent a real adversary. but are they really any more free if they were just woken up by Ford's new programming? discuss. Lee goes on to grab Peter Abernathy and sneak him out of the park but finds cold storage empty. all the hosts are in the park, running rampant. a post-credits scene shows us that armistice is survived. amputates a robot arm that was stuck in a mechanical door and takes out a bunch of Westworld guards. whoa. well, that's everything that happened in West world season one and a bunch of stuff that happened before West world season one. you should be all set for season two. and judging by the length of this video, a PhD. in Applied robotics. guys, thanks for watching. cram it. we'll be back the next time you need to know things about stuff. [Music]. 