hey guys, welcome back to explainer x in today's video. i am going to explain lolita romance drama movie so know the story of this movie in today's explanation, so without wasting any time, let's begin. In the beginning of the movie, we see a young boy named Humbert, when Humbert was 14 years old, a girl comes to his town who falls in love with him. The name of this girl is Annabel. Annabel and Humbert both become very close and fall deeply in love. But a few days later, Annabel dies due to a deadly disease, and Humbert is deeply saddened by this. Many years pass but Humbert did not have a relationship with any girl after Annabel. Now Humbert is 50 years old and he is a professor. Humbert also has to write a book of his own, so he shifts to a small village in France. Coming here he finds that his Uncle's house has been completely destroyed and now he has no place to live. So his uncle sends Humbert to live on rent at a friend's house. Haze and her 14 year old daughter Lolita lived in this house. Haze shows Humbert her entire house. But Humbert doesn't like the house and starts leaving when Humbert sees Haze's daughter Lolita. Seeing Lolita, he misses Annabel and falls in love with her at first sight and that is why Humbert agrees to live in this house. Many days pass and Lolita also starts getting attracted towards Humbert then one day at night Humbert is working in the room when Lolita comes and asks him if you work at night then you can't sleep. He says I can't sleep at night and Lolita suddenly comes and sits on his lap then Lolita that mom calls her and she leaves from there and Humbert is writing about Lolita in his diary and another and us It also turns out that Lolita is also attracted to Humbert and Humbert is always thinking about Lolita, a few days go by like this. And we learn that Lolita's mom is going to send her to boarding school. Lolita refuses them but she sends her anyway. When Lolita is leaving Humbert is looking at her from the window. Lolita also sees her. and then Lolita comes running and hugs her and starts kissing her and after that again Lolita leaves from there after this a maid gives a letter to Humbert and says that Lolita's mom has given it After that again that letter it is written in the letter I love you very much. And want to marry you and if you don't want to marry me then you leave this house because then I don't want to see you again in this house Humbert is shocked to read this and then he thinks that if I After leaving this house I will never see Lolita again so he agrees to the marriage and a few days later Humbert and Haze get married but Humbert is never intimate with her and feeds her sleeping pills every night puts to sleep. Some days pass like this and one day haze finds her diary in which she wrote about Lolita, haze gets very angry after reading this diary and then decides to divorce her Humbert goes to the kitchen to get a drink to pacify Haze. But when he comes back he sees that haze is not there. Humbert sets out to find her and then learns that haze has had an accident. And haze dies after that again he goes to summer camp to pick up Lolita and he comes in his car with Lolita and then he tells Lolita that his mom is sick so he is because She didn't come to pick him up and now we are going on a vacation and they both book a hotel in the evening. In this hotel Lolita meets an old writer named Clare and Lolita is very much attracted towards him. would have happened. Then Lolita and Humbert both fall asleep on the same bed. Next morning when both of them open their eyes then Lolita starts kissing Humbert and then both of them become intimate. Then they leave the hotel. On the way, Lolita asks Humbert to call her mom but Humbert refuses her and tells her the truth that Lolita cries a lot that night after hearing that her mom is dead but Humbert comforts her then she is quite For days, roam here in different places. Then Humbert gets a job there and Humbert and Lolita again shift there, then Humbert admits Lolita to the school, many days pass like this, then once Lolita comes to Humbert and tells him that he has to go to school. I have to participate in the play but Humbert refuses to do so because she thinks there will be too many boys and she is very insecure about this, but then Lolita s*****s Humbert Is. And Humbert agrees to this. One day Humbert gets a call from Lolita's piano teacher who tells him. Hearing that Lolita has not been coming to class for a long time, Humbert feels that Lolita is having an affair with someone else and both start quarreling over this. Lolita leaves the house in anger and Humbert leaves her very much. looks for more and then she meets Humbert says sorry to Lolita and Lolita tells her that I have to travel then both leave from there to travel and then they travel like this for many days after that again Humbert notices that a car is following him Humbert asks Lolita to note down the number of that car. The car follows them both for a long time. But then a car suddenly stops following them. A few days later, Humbert sees that a car is following him again. Humbert stops his car this time and moves towards the chasing car, but He reverses the car and runs away. Now Humbert comes to his car and asks Lolita for the number of the car which he had asked to note down, but on the paper on which Lolita had written the car number, he had pasted chewing gum. Humbert gets very angry because of the reason that the number has been erased and he slaps Lolita. Lolita gets angry. Then Humbert convinces him. Now after some days both stay in a hotel. Humbert tells Lolita to stay at the hotel and goes out to get something himself. He comes back and sees that Lolita's feet are dirty, and he understands that Lolita had gone out and that he might be having an affair with someone else. Then both start traveling and once again Lolita becomes very ill. Humbert admits Lolita to the hospital. The next morning, Humbert calls at the hospital to inquire about Lolita's health; the nurse tells her that Lolita has been taken away by her uncle. Now Humbert becomes very tense that the one who was following him may have left with Lolita. He tries to find out who has taken Lolita to the hospital but no one knows anything about the man. He searches for Lolita everywhere, But 3 years pass by but Lolita is not found and one day Humbert gets a letter from Lolita. In this letter, Lolita tells that she is married and pregnant and needs some money. Lolita's address is also written in that letter. Then Humbert reaches out to Lolita. Arriving there, Humbert sees that Lolita is pregnant. He then asks Lolita about her husband. Lolita shows her husband to Humbert. Seeing him, Humbert understands that it is not the man who was following him. Humbert then asks Lolita who she had a fling with so Lolita tells her that she had a fling with clare and that she liked clare too. But clare was sexually inactive and she wanted to make a porn video of Lolita so Lolita ran away from her and married a guy now Humbert says goodbye to Lolita and he goes to clare. Here he shoots Clare and kills her. Now the police go after Humbert and he surrenders himself to the police. Now we are told that Humbert died in prison due to an illness and Lolita also died while giving birth to her child, which is how the movie ends. 