hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the story of the movie, parasite, part two. now, the time after a few months of that incident, is shown in part two, when military officers were aware that there are parasites in the city who are attacking humans, and they wanted to rescue them. so they get released a serial killer from a prison who could detect the parasites from the human beings. human beings are presented before him one by one. then he calls everyone human beings. but he becomes thoughtful as shinichi appears before him. after a great deliberation, he says that he is also human. returning to the house, miggy tells shinichi that there is a parasite at a little distance of us. they visit a nearby building where a parasite is eating the flesh of a human being. noticing shinichi, that parasite moves to shinichi, but miggy puts it into death. suddenly, shinichi senses as someone is behind him. he was no one else but that person who had taken the photos of miggy and shinichi at the end of part one. then the city mayor comes on the scene, who speaks out in parasite's favor. he was a devilish person, and the teacher had togetherness with him. now it is shown that teacher had given the birth of a baby who was a human being. that mayor had known that shinichi is killing parasites. he also wanted to end him, but teacher prohibits him. she tells, miggy and shinichi belong to one body. i want to see how they get together with each other. killing shinichi, our parasite mighty will also know more. sushi had sent that spy after shinichi to keep an eye on him. while walking one day, shinichi again senses as someone is behind him. that spy suggests, while spying, you should reveal yourself before police. but shinichi says, no. police department is also full of many parasites. shinichi comes to know here the teacher has engaged spy to pursue him. he says to the teacher, going there, what is being done by all of you? why do you not cease it? then teacher says to him, why are you killing our companions parasites? they are yet learning how to eat human beings. after a time they will stop killing them. he keeps quiet, and he reveals going to spy that teacher is very menacing. parasite, beware, she may also harm you. but spy does not trust him. next day, spy meets that mayor. he wanted to confirm whether shinichi is speaking truth or not. so he sets the audio tape in mayer's room. knowing about it, mayer orders to assassinate spy, saying he has become a threat for us. he sends a parasite to his house in order to kill spy. they kill his daughter because he is not at home. miggy informs shinichi, five parasites are coming to attack you. a man advances them. he was the amalgam of the five parasites. miggy and shinichi explode his head while fighting. they think as he is dead, but there was only one parasite who had been killed. other four parasites were still alive. rest of the parasites are alerted and start handling him. then teacher says to mayor, if i disallowed you that you will not send parasites to end shinichi and spy. so why did you do so? here mayer notices the teacher was developing the feelings of human beings after being a mother. he disgusts it and sends three parasites to end the teacher being parasite. she gets understanding as someone is coming to end her, calling them to carr park, she ends them while fighting alone. coming back to the house, she notices that her baby is missing. from there, he finds a note there with a statement, come to bridge for a meeting, and your baby is in my custody. actually, spy had left that note, who wanted to take revenge of his dead daughter taking the life of teacher's baby. that teacher moves there in confusion with shinichi. shinichi tells spy, you will get nothing after killing this baby, because this baby belongs to human species. military officers also come there. they knew that mayer had concealed many parasites in his building. now they were sending the building people one by one. they were shooting the parasites among them, after finding serial killer was also present there. then mayer is shown to deliver his speech, who is telling the actual monster is human beings who are ending parasites with no cause. then there the present military officers target him and end. then serial killer shouts he was human being, but just helping parasites. turning back, they find that man who had five parasites in him. everyone shoots him, but he does not get any harm. then it is shown that spy is about to throw that baby. witnessing teacher has to transform into parasite to save her baby. she thrusts her one hand into the body of spy. as a result, everyone comes to know that she is parasite. police start firing on her continuously. and she had known that she will be no more. now she comes to hand her baby over to shinichi. as she give this responsibility to shinichi, she immediately dies because of receiving many gunshots. here, shinichi reminds his own mother, and he develops the human feelings. now police take shinichi for interrogation, but they are reported that a man having five parasites have killed the military officers. then shinichi drives to that place, but those parasites cause of his accident, stopping him. he moves to the forest. he says to miggy, he will detect me where i am, until you are with me. he requests miggy to segregate from him. meantime, that parasite comes there. he begins to attack him. shinichi and meg had befriended. now samiggi sacrifices, segregating itself from shinichi's body. it asks shinichi to run away from there. miggy is killed by that parasite as being depressed on it. shinichi moves to his friend's house. she takes care of him by heart. while lying he immediately observes that his arm is generating one more part of miggy. it happened because miggy's essence had transferred into shinichi's body when it had cured him. so it may be produced if he wanted it. shinichi knows that parasite will again detect my location as it has generated. so he leaves for the sake of his friend's life, saying goodbye. going outside, he is caught by that parasite. reaching a mill, he stabs a chemical earthing rod into his body, but he remains safe. he says, what are you thinking about me? i will kill other human beings after killing you. and other parasites with me will dominate all over the world. he is almost killing shinichi. suddenly, miggy is regenerated as his hand. it attacks on that parasite. meanwhile, there is a trouble in his body, and he becomes irritated. miggy tells him that rod had the multi-chemicals with which you stroke him. so all parasites don't want to take the hold of his body. all parasites leave his body one by one. now only the skeleton had left behind. shinichi throws it down into the fire, which takes his life. after a long while, everything is shown routine wise. miggy is saying to shinichi, no parasite has left behind in this world. so we should not live together. i will be separated from you. but shinichi does not agree. but miggy itself rooted it out, and shinichi's real hand appears. and being sad, he begins to remember miggy. now it has shown that much time has passed. shinichi and his friend were leading a happy life, and they used to go to meet the teacher's baby. suddenly, it has shown that serial killer had come back. he captures shinichi's friend. he whispers in her ear, the real monster is human being. but shinichi's friend says to him, the real monster is you. you kill the people on it. that serial killer pushes her down from the building, but shinichi suddenly goes there and rescues her, extending his hand here, he realizes that miggy has helped him out here. the movies, part 2 is eventually ended here. thanks for watching. like, comment and subscribe. don't forget to hit the bell icon. 