[Music]. a beauty dived into the bottom of the pool. it turned out that her ring got stuck on the iron plate, but she couldn't get it out. the sister on the shore also jumped down when she saw it. miss fortune never come. singly, when my sister was pulling the ring, the sewer water rolled her hair in. the two dragged desperately under the water. but they don't know the administrator sees no one in the swimming pool. press the switch of the swimming pool cover. the swimming pool cover slowly closed. when they successfully surfaced, it's too late. they called for help immediately, but the administrator has left after get off work. i can't hear them calling for help. so from now on, they will be trapped in this pool. no one will come until next week. my sister broke down immediately. she banged the lid frantically. fortunately, my sister's persuasion, she calmed down quickly. sister encourages her to say, we can save ourselves. then swim to the diving area, trying to push open the glass cover. but the glass cover is too strong. they can't push so they had to swim to the edge of the pool, find a way to escape. soon, my sister found a small hole. but this hole is too small. can't even reach out. i want to break it hard, but i can't do it. sister gave up. at this time, my sister found a plastic board she polished against the hole, hope to make the hole bigger. but my sister taunted him on the sidelines, it's useless. i can only wait for your fiance to save us. it didn't take long for my sister's mentality to collapse. he blamed all the mistakes on his sister. it's all because of helping sister pick up the engagement ring. they will be trapped here. blame my sister for being tired for love. my sister gets more and more angry. sister thinks she doesn't want to quarrel with him. inexplicably, angrily left her and swam under the pool. finally took out the stuck diamond ring. at this time, she thought of using the lid of the sewer come to smash the glass. but she couldn't pull the lid with all her strength. so i went to my sister for help. she believed her sister could do it. but her sister refused blame my sister for searching for ideas. sister is angry. this doesn't work either. that's not okay, then everyone don't go out. she no longer counts on her sister. suddenly, the phone in the stands rang. the emperor's sister's fiance called. my sister began to pin her hopes on her boyfriend. i hope he can detect something wrong and save himself. but this time i waited from the afternoon to the evening. the lights in the swimming pool are also turned off regularly, and the phone keeps ringing, but he hasn't waited for anyone to come. the sister started quarreling again. my sister suddenly found her holding her head. looks very uncomfortable. she finally closed her mouth. my sister told her that she had diabetes three years ago. she won't tell her sister. i don't want my sister to worry about herself. but now my sister can't take care of so much. she urgently needs insulin injections, otherwise it won't last too long. looking at my uncomfortable sister, sister finally panicked. she no longer fights her sister everywhere. take the initiative to pick up the plastic board and polish the hole. she must take her out. just then the pool came. this is the cleaner of the swimming pool. it happened that the phone rang at this moment. she was so happy after seeing the phone and bag. then the sisters cried for help, startled the cleaner who was stealing. when she learned that the sisters were trapped in the pool, the cleaner felt bad intentions. she took the wallet, but there is only one banked out inside. so i took away my mobile phone and bank card. see a camera on the wall, ran to the control room again and turned off all monitoring. come to the pool, ask them the password of their phone. my sister thought she was going to unlock the alarm, so she said the password. cleaner untie the phone, but began to turn over the photo to spit out. my sister's appearance also release the phone message of sister and boyfriend. finally, the cleaner blackmailed my sister to give me the bank card password. i'll let you out. sister is mad, swearing at the cleaners and resolutely refused. the cleaner sees them so stubborn. so i turn off the hot water circulation in the swimming pool, forcing them to hand over the coat. the low temperature in the middle of the night makes the pool water cold. the sisters soon shivered with cold. the cleaner continues to threaten to give out the password without freezing to death. sister had to compromise, spoke the password. the cleaner left satisfactorily. as the water temperature gets lower and lower, sister can't hold it anymore. the cleaner came back when my sister was desperate, because my sister's card is only 80 yuan, but she wants more money. if they want to come out, they must show their sincerity. looking at the elder sister and sister who are at stake, they are extremely worried. she whispered to the cleaner, tell her, sister has diabetes. urgent need for insulin injections. hope to arouse the sympathy of cleaners. but the cleaner doesn't believe it and ignored them both. let them think clearly in the water. sister, looking at the plastic board in her hand, i want to teach the arrogant cleaner. so she sharpen the plastic board, pretend to tell the cleaner secretly. when the cleaner puts his ear on the lid hole, my sister took a pointed plastic board and stabbed it up. cleaner looking at the injured ear, she was completely irritated. she turned on the cleaning system in the water. the sisters have been trapped for seven hours, already exhausted, they can't resist the huge shed at all. the cleaner looked at the palm of the wind belt very proudly. the oxygen in the swimming pool is getting thinner. soon's sister passed out. sister hugs her sister to the entrance of the cave so that she can breathe the air. now my sister's spirit is gone. she wants to protect her. my sister keeps begging for mercy. the cleaners turn off the system only after seeing death. take the opportunity to continue blackmailing sister can't resist anymore. very reluctant to hand over the ring come back to the office. the cleaner looked at the ring contentedly. at this moment, the phone rang. it's from my sister's fiance. if you can't get in touch, you will call the police. the cleaner is finally scared. now everything that can be blackmailed is here. she decided to stop let the sisters out. the cleaner came to the office to enter the password, but the password is wrong. she tried again, and it was still wrong. the cleaner panicked. can't open the cover right now. have to wait until the swimming pool opens in two days. the sisters must die at that time. but if you call the police now, i will go to jail again. the cleaners decided to leave them behind and run away. she must not go to jail again. the cleaner is gone. the sisters are desperate, and sister's body has reached its limit. she fainted while lying on the buoy. sister hugged her to the pool. sister trembling all over. sister knows that she will die if she doesn't inject insulin, the only one that can break the lid. now it's the iron lid under the water. my sister swims to the bottom of the pool and pulls the lid hard. but failed the first time. still fail the second time. turn back to the surface for ventilation. looking at my dying sister, vowed to succeed. this time. she found a pair of swimming trunks. use your swimming trunks as your hands, to lift up with all your strength, after trying several times, when the power is about to run out. finally succeeded. when my sister dragged the lid to her sister excitedly. but i saw my sister had fallen, head down in the water, no breath. my sister was so scared that she broke down and cried. keep giving artificial respiration to my sister. fortunately, sister reacted. she immediately turned around and picked up the lid and beat it to air dry. a crack appeared. seeing hope, my sister is getting stronger and stronger. more and more cracks. finally, the rain and the wind broke. when she dragged her sister out of the pool. her arm was scratched by the cover all blood, but she can't care about the pain in her arm. sister has lost her breath again. my sister hurriedly pulled out the insulin and gave her an injection. sister finally woke up. by this time, the cleaner came back with a gun. she had a hunch that the sisters would escape, then they will call the police to catch that they plan to change after closing my sister begged the cleaner to let them go, but the cleaner wouldn't listen, still approaching slowly. my sister guarded her sister tightly, crying and assured the cleaner they will never expose him. the cleaner finally put down the pistol. actually, she was just too scared. dare not kill at all. she returned the ring to her sister. sister keeps her promise, let the cleaner go. when sister wakes up, they have been rescued. blood is thicker than water, support them through the crisis. the sisters finally open their hearts. 