welcome to the man of recaps. it's the Walking Dead, Season 5. the group is trapped at terminus. but first we get a flashback to see what happened at terminus. they were trapped in their own cars because these, like, other bad guys came in and like rape them all and stuff. so that's why they decided they would never trust Outsiders again. so back in the present, our groups ready to fight with whatever makeshift weapons they can get. of course, they fail though. now I'm getting kind of a cannibal vibe from this terminus place. oh yeah, definitely cannibals. their leader is this huge frat boy douchebag, Gareth. and like, right when they're about to slaughter Glenn, oh, there's noise outside. what's this? own explosion? that's rach in the world. what's happening? well, Carol and Tyreese were still outside on the way there, when they find this term this guy who talks pretty specifically about how they're going to eat Rick and Friends. there's a convenient zombie horde near behind, a conveniently placed propane tank and some fireworks for Carol to explode a hole in the fence. so that's pretty cool. all the zombies making it. now, Rick uses a confusion to use a sharp stick to stab the guy. and that our whole gang makes it out of terminus unscathed. and as they tend to do, they leave the place of smoking ruin. Carol meets back up with the gang where it's like, thanks for saving us. I'm sorry I exiled you for whatever that was. also, here's your baby. Congrats. it's probably Shane's, but it's still cool. the gang is on the road again. the first thing they do is find this pastor. he's like, hey, I'm a pastor. I've been living in this church. it's pretty much unscathed me. I can't drive, so I had lots of food, but now it's all gone. we've got to go to the food bank down in the city. so it's like, okay, let's go down there as the basements all flooded with zombies. but they go and they kill some zombies. uh. this one guy, Bob, he like, gets pulled down. luckily, he's not bit, or so he says. anyway, they come out with a bunch of canned food, and they have an awesome canned food party. and Abraham is like, hey guys, remember I'm going to DC to bring the scientists here, Eugene down, and we're gonna cure the whole zombie apocalypse, save the world. and Rick's like, yeah, actually, that sounds like a good idea. let's do it. Daryl and Carol are out scouting when a car drives by. it's got the cross in the back window. that's the same car that abducted Beth last season. Daryl's like, hey, Beth and I almost had a romance arc. I gotta go follow her. meanwhile, Tyrese's sister, Sasha and this guy Bob, are like having a romance thing. and he's outside crying, though. and he's like, hid in the back of the head and kidnapped by the terminus guys. and they're like, haha, we're gonna eat your leg right in front of you because we're sick. you taste so good. but he's like, huh? sucks for you. I'm bit you're a poison now it's like, wait, is that how that worked? we don't think it's that how it works. it doesn't matter. the King realizes they're missing Bob, Daryl and Carol. Rick's like, yo, pastor, what's your secret? you behind this. he's like, no, no, my secrets. I just let my congregation get eaten by zombies while I lock myself in here. so not that bad. Bob's dropped at the doorstep though. he's like, yeah, I was bit. and it's determinist guys. they ate my leg. Abraham's like, look, I'd love to stay and help you fight terminus, but I can't put Eugene's life in danger because, you know, if he dies, like, he's the only one that could save the world. but Glen's like, hey, if you stay one night, help us fight terminus, me and Maggie, I'll come with you on your mission tomorrow. so he's like, okay, fine. deal. so the game goes out to fight this. of course, terminus was hiding, like, right outside, till I get in church, they're gonna eat the leftovers. but Rick's like, ha, we're smart too. we're hiding in the shadows. and he takes them, and he ends German is pretty quickly, right there. so Abraham goes off in his DC. mission. Rick's gonna stay behind and wait for Daryl and Carol. so it's like, okay, maybe you'll see you later one day. Glenn. Maggie do you go with them though? so that's cool. and the ticka school bus, they're off. now, where is Beth? well, she wakes up in a hospital with an actual doctor and an actual police officer. she's like, um, thanks for saving me. I guess they're like, yeah, health care ain't cheap. maybe you got to work off your debt. she's like, okay, whatever. I'll be a nurse for a little while. but this other nurse like, bring her in cuz she was escaping. she's I kind of had to be eaten by zombies and stay here. and she's like, oh, that's weird. she soon finds out why the cops are in charge, and they like sexually harass and rape all the nurses sometimes. she talks to the policewoman in charge, is like, sorry, we all have to make sacrifices greater good. so Beth befriends a laundry boy who's like, yeah, you're right. this place sucks. let's get out of here so bad. sneaks into the office and gets the key, but this other nurse there, and she killed herself. and Justin the police officer comes in, is like, hey, sex right now, or I'm gonna like, get you in a lot of trouble. but then she wakes up a zombie, so but hits him over the head and feeds him to the zombie. and they sneak out through the elevator shaft. I don't know why they didn't just take the stairs, or what the key was for, but anyway, they make it outside, where there are lots of zombies. and Beth does get caught by the cops. but laundry boy makes it away. back inside, Beth is there, but that she sees Carol, who's brought in. what's going on here? how this happened? well, the DC gang runs into some hiccups almost immediately. and it's like, well, we've only driven about a mile. let's just go back to the church. but Abraham's like, no, this is important mission. we press on. so they find a fire truck, and they use the hosts like, blast a bunch of zombies, which works pretty well. but the fire truck breaks down, and they're gonna go on foot, but it's full of zombies. neighbor hams like, whatever. we got to keep going. but it's like, you can't. and then Eugene admits, I'm not a scientist, and they're like, wait, say what? he's like, yeah, I'm just a nerd, and when I saw this big beef head guy, I like used a lot of big words to make him think I was a scientist, so he would be my bodyguard. so Abraham punches him in the face and almost kills him with one hit. and then he's like super depressed, because we got his story to where he like had a family, but they were scared of the things he had to do to survive, so they like ran away from him. I don't he finds him dead. he's like, gonna kill himself. but he finds Eugenia gave him a reason to live. back to Daryl and Carol, hot on BET's trail. the car they're following leads them into Atlanta. but their own car breaks down, so they lose it. the next day, they go up and they find this van that's got the crosses on it. so they go check it out, and they realize, oh, this van probably came from the hospital. unfortunately, lots of zombies coming. so they strapped themselves on and go for a nice little ride. they walk it off, though. they're fine. they run into laundry boy who's gonna rob them then it's like, wait, you know, Beth, yeah, just in a hospital. car comes by, and they're going to find everything. Carol gets kicked by. it's like, wait, no, they can fix her, you know, let her take her in. so they let him do that. we get her later. the go grab the rest of the group to make a plan to rescue Beth and Carol. they're going to use laundry boy as a distraction so they can kidnap some cops. trade. this cops name is Bob though, which was Sasha's dead boyfriend's name, so she trusts him. but then, he, like, tries to escape, and Rick has to go chase him down and shoot him in the head. that was what he gets. anyway, they got two more cops, and it's like, yeah, you down for this trade? and they're like, yeah, we're down to this trade. so they're making the trade. everything goes smoothly at first with then-head cops like, hey, I want my laundry boy back. and Rick's like, no, you can't have him. but he's like, yo, it's fine. I don't mind laundry that much anyway. but then bets like, yo, I'm gonna stab you for that. oh, and I shot you in the head. what Batho know is an accident. then Daryl's like, I'm gonna shoot you in the head. and then they're like, okay, no more shooting in the head. let's just all walk away. so Beth is dead. and it's super sad because Jarrell almost had a hot girlfriend. her sister Maggie's there to it. the rest of the gang, see, the priest went on a walk one day and like, accidentally led all the zombies back to the church. so they had to lock him in. he's like, oh man, I'm dumb. and then the DC crew came back with the fire truck. it's like, yeah, he's not a scientist. we're not saving the world. let's all just meet up. so where are they gonna go now? DC was a bust. the churches gone. it's like, well, the laundry boy said he's got a nice neighborhood over in Virginia. so they go there. unfortunately, it is overrun with zombies. they go to laundry boy's house where he meets his mama's dead. and Tyreese finds his younger brother, who bites him. and he's like, oh man, I'm bleeding out. so they have to amputate his arm, but it's sort of too late. he dies. by Tyreese, you had a good run. so now our group is without cars, running low on food and water, walking the earth without purpose of direction, with very little hope of survival. and the imagery of the shot reflects the duality of the title, Walking Dead, referring not only took the reanimated zombie corpses, but to the surviving humans themselves. and in case you missed that, Rick says it literally. a few scenes later, they are, in fact dying of thirst when they come across these bottles of water left in the middle of the road with the note that says, from a friend. it's like, don't drink that, dummy. it's definitely a trap. but then they find this Justin Timberlake, looking nerd. and he's like, hey, what's up? I'm a friend. I left you the water. I've got a really nice neighborhood back there that you guys can all come join. and rates like the AI. no offense. the last people we did that try to eat us. I don't trust you. but Michelle's like, hey, we may as well check it out. so they go find his are being nearby, and they all drive off to his thing. they do end up with some zombie trouble, by the way. they gotta like, shoot them in the head with some flares. it's pretty cool. then they find his partner who was nearby, and it's like, his partner, partner. and it's like, oh, you guys are gay. I trust you. then, you know, gay people are trustworthy. so he brings it to his neighborhood, Alexandria, and it's got great walls, and it's a real nice place. and this is their leader, Deanna. she's like, hey, what's up? I used to be a senator. this place was built as like a self-sustaining community, so we still out like power and running water, all that good stuff. and Rick's like, you know what? that sounds good. I'm in it's like, hey, we also got a ton of houses. you can take any one you want. but the group's used to stay together, so they'll stay in the same one for now. anyway, it does have running water. so Rick takes a shower, and he's like, it's time to shave my Robin Williams Jumanji beard. wow, look how clean shaven he is. so he comes out looking all sexy, just in time to me the hot neighbor next door. so the group's checking out the neighborhood. seems pretty nice. Karl meet some friends his own age, including this one who's a hot girl that came in from the outside - and I wonder he sees her, like, sneaking over the wall. he follows her out there, and she's like, yeah, it's just, you know, hard living in a civilized life. I like being out here with the zombies. and they hide in the zombie tree. and it's like, oh, you know, it's definitely on. so they make Ricca sheriff, obviously, and Michonne gets to be his deputy. and Rick's like, yeah. it turns out this place isn't a trap. these people are just super soft, weak because they've been protected the whole time. if we don't like how they're doing things, will just take this place for ourselves. so to that end, they have a secret meeting outside. see, they had to give up all their guns while they're inside the walls, but they're protected by like, this chick, and they're like barely locked up. but also, Carol's pretending to be super nice, and she's like, yeah, I can just walk in there one day and like, leave the window open. so they do that. they steal some guns, and they find the zombie outside, by the way, with the W in its forehead. what's that about? later they have a fancy welcome party where Rick's new crush, turns out, has a husband. that's too bad, but she and Rick definitely have some sexual tension. they also meet Diana's husband, who's the architect that built the walls. and laundry boy is going to become an architect too. but first they have to go on a run to get some more, like, power supplies or something. this is Deanna's son. he's like this douchebag, and he's in charge of runs. so they go out there and they find the power supply's or whatever, but then he finds this, like, zombie who's got like this grenade on it. it's like, wait, no. he shoots. Oh, boom. and he ends up impaled on this thing. and this girl's hair gets hit - so Eugene has to save her. and then it's like, okay, man, we're gonna get you out of here. oh, no, it's not gonna happen. sorry. zombies got you. so he dies a horrible death. and these guys end up trapped in the rotating door. Eugene comes by out the truck, and he leaves zombies outside. he leaders them away, and it's like, okay, man, hold the door. I'm gonna break the glass. but then this douchebag is like, y'all want to save myself? sorry. oh. and he squeezes out of there, which opens the other side. and laundry boy gets pulled up, and he gets torn to pieces, right in front of Glenn. so gun comes up and he beats and he's like, man, you're a terrible person. like, I hate you now. so this is Rick's crushes son. and he lets it slip that his dad like, beats his mom. so Carol tells Rick, and Rick tickles and tells Deanna, who's sad about her son being dead, by the way, and does trust Rick, because this guy told the wrong story of happens went down. and she's like, what do you do? we don't have jails. anyway, he's like, I'm gonna shoot him in the head. and she's like, no, you can't just shoot people in the head. but he goes to see his lady. he's like, hey, obviously you and I should be together. if you need help breaking up with your husband, just give me the word, I'll do it. so she's like, yeah, do it. so he comes in and like, he and Rick have a fight, which spills out onto the street. and Rick's about to just like, choke him out, right there in front of everyone. and Dan is like, hey, you can't just kill people. and he's like, you know, I got a gun. I'm in charge here. and he gives an impassioned speech about how they're all too soft and they need to man up, but he's scaring people. so Michelle takes him out elsewhere. it's Morgan. that's where it's friend from the very beginning of season 1, and also again in season 3, where he had lost his mind, and he's being held up in the woods by the guy with W says it stands for the Wolfpack. and when they're trying to rob him, he, like, has these bow staff skills now, and he beats them all up. nergi, Justin Timberlake's got a motorcycle in his garage, so Darrell fixes it up. these two are going out on the road to look for more survivors. they find these trucks full of food which is awesome. but surprise, it's full of zombies. yes, it's a trap, and it's the wolf pack thing going on. so they're hide in this car, and luckily Morgan's there. he busts a mountain, they managed to escape. he's okay, I'm looking for my friend Rick. you seen him? so ever, it's been put in timeout. Indiana's holding a vote tonight to see if they're gonna kick Rick out of the neighborhood. looks like we'll play nice for now, but if they try to kick me out, we'll just kill them all. meanwhile, the priest is coming back from another walk, and it's like a man clothes, like, be behind you. but he's like, no, I'm not gonna close because I'm in the middle of an existential crisis. he should really not be allowed and walks anymore. anyway, Rick finds the open gate, and he like, tracks down the zombies. and so they're holding the Town Meeting, and it's like, well, Rick's not here. I guess we should start without him. so all of his friends are like, yeah, viryx are really good guy. we should let him stay. but the end is like, you know, I don't trust him. I think we should kick him out. but then Rick comes back. he's like, hey, sorry. I missed the meeting. like I was single-handedly saving the town. you guys need me because you can enclose the gate. just then the husband comes back and he's guys got the sword and the accent? he kills the Anna's husband. and she's like, oh my god, Rick, you have my permission to shoot him in the head now. and Rick's like, with pleasure, boom. takes him out. and just then Morgan comes back. it's like, oh, hey, man. and that's how season five comes to an end. 