[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2012 animated comedy film, wreck-it Ralph. so let's get started. as the film opens, we see at night in an arcade video game, characters leave their normal roles and free travel to other games. wreck-it Ralph, the antagonist of fix-it felix, is ostracized for doing his job, while the hero, felix, is praised. tired of being mistreated, Ralph announces that he will earn their respect by winning a medal. Ralph disrupts a game session of a first-person shooter, heroes duty, and scales the games central beacon to obtain a medal, causing a sigh bug, one of the game's antagonists to hatch, which can adapt to and devour other environments. Ralph and the side bug stumble into an escape pod, which is launched out of the game and crash lands in sugar rush, a candy-themed kart racing game. while Ralph is missing, his game is labeled as malfunction and potentially could be unplugged. Felix ventures to hero's duty and teams up with the game's heroine sergeant Calhoun, to retrieve Ralph and the sci bug. in sugar rush, Ralph's medal is stolen by vanellope von schweetz to buy her way into the race to see who could be chosen as an avatar for players. king candy, the ruler of sugar rush, for bids adieu to vanellope being a glitch. Ralph and vanellope agree to build a race cart for her to win the race and retrieve the medal. they flee to an unfinished racetrack, and Ralph teaches vanellope to dry. King candy hacks the game's code and obtains Ralph's medal, which he offers in exchange for preventing vanellope from racing. King candy explains that if vanellope wins, her glitches would cause the game to get unplugged, and vanellope would die, unable to leave because she's a glitch. Ralph reluctantly agrees and trashes Penelope's cart. he returns to his own game, but notices vanilla Peas images on the side of the sugar rush cabinet and realizes that she's not actually a glitched in character, but actually meant to be a playable character. she looks in Calhoun search sugar rush for Ralph. Felix fears that Ralph gone turbo, alluding to a rogue character in the past at the arcade who abandoned his own game and destroyed another out of jealousy, resulting in both getting unplugged. felix falls in love with calhoun, but she abandons him when he reminds her of her fiance, who was eaten by sy bugs. felix is in prison in King Candy's castle, and Ralph frees him and vanellope rebuilding the cart. Calhoun discovers sy bug eggs underground, which hatch and start devouring the game. vanellope participates in the race, but is attacked by King candy. Penelope's glitch reveals that King candy is actually turbo, who took over sugar rush and displaced vanellope as the main character. Ralph, Felix and Calhoun evacuate the game, but if vanellope cannot leave due to her glitch, Calhoun points out that the Sai bugs are being destroyed by a beacon of light. Ralph is confronted and carried away by a sigh bug infused turbo, he breaks free, causes a volcano to erupt and is saved by a vanilla bean. the volcano beacon destroys the Sai bugs and turbo vanellope crosses the finish line, rebooting sugar rush and restoring her status memory as princess vanellope, the main character of sugar rush. Ralph and Felix return home, allowing their game to be spared. Felix and Calhoun marry, while a Content Ralph gains the respect of his fellow characters. so that was the spoilers for wreck-it Ralph. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check us out on our various forms of social media, and definitely check out our new Instagram giveaways that we're doing every month. and also remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 