watch your new 50 as hard as you can. hi, I'm Luke Bryan for Joe Blow calm, and welcome to movie endings. explain, where we'll be taking a look at some of the more ambiguous and discussed movie endings that have left audiences debating their true meaning long after the credits have rolled. this time we're going to look at the oscar-winning 2007 thriller from the Coen brothers, No Country for Old Men, a tightly wrought, tension-filled tale of a simple welder who finds two million dollars in the desert after a drug deal gone bad, and ends up on the run from a hitman hired to recover the money. Josh Brolin plays Llewellyn lost, the man who finds the money and tries to make off with it, to deadly consequences. and Javier Bardem, in an oscar-winning performance, plays Anton sugar, the hitman in question. in a lot of ways, the entire movie is a cat-and-mouse chase between the two, and we see Anton's passive, calm, yet lethal destruction as he attempts to hunt down Maus. however, there is a third main character, played by Tommy Lee Jones, sheriff Bell, who is also trying to track down the money, but at the same time find a hitman who is killing everyone in his way to get to the money. Bell doesn't enter into the film until after the first 25 minutes, but he quickly becomes a central figure in the movie as we enter cut between all three men during the story. interestingly enough, none of the three main characters share any screen time whatsoever, despite how closely connected they all are. they may occupy the same space in scenes, but you never see them on screen at the same time. No Country for Old Men was adapted from the Cormac McCarthy book of the same name. and while there are differences between the book in the movie, including a little more meat to the sheriff's character towards the end, there's not that much that really sheds more insight into the conclusion of the movie. so to get into the ending that is confused some people, or merely just provided certain movie watches with an unsatisfying conclusion, we need to get into spoiler territory. Llewellyn Moss ends up getting unceremoniously killed off-screen towards the end of the film. and sheriff. Bell gets to the scene too late. it comes out of nowhere and leaves little to be desired. after such an involved and personal feud between Maas and Anton that was surely going to be paid off in a face-to-face confrontation. that's the best deal you're gonna get. I won't tell you you can save yourself, because you can't. yeah, I'm gonna bring you some hora. decided to make you special project, mind you. and go ahead come look for me at all. then we almost get a showdown when bell is outside the motel room where mas was killed, where the money was surely hidden, and Anton is inside waiting for Bell to enter. early on in the film, Bell investigates the trailer of Llewellyn Moss and lets his young deputy, Wendel, go in first. perhaps this is a sign of Belle's realization that he's no longer fit enough to lead the charge in a time where he is finding himself increasingly out of his depth. this time, however, he's alone, and given the fact that most of his relatives were law man who died in a blaze of glory too young, it appears that he almost wants to accept his own fate. he knows how dangerous Anton is and has no backup. however, once he enters, Anton has disappeared and his life is spared. it was almost as if Belle was suicidal in this moment, knowing that he probably had no chance to take on this psychopathic killer, but he did it anyway. that's an interesting character choice. following this scene, we see mosses late wise, Carla Jean, played by Kelly Macdonald, confronted with Anton in her home. he explains that Maas had the chance to save her life by giving up his, but chose to save his own skin. it's left fairly ambiguous as to whether or not Anton murdered collagen, but if you notice him checking his feet, it calls back to earlier in the film when he removed his socks after a series of murders in the motel. and given our little reason he needed to slaughter other characters earlier in the film, I mean literally side characters on the side of the road, it stands to reason that he did, in fact, kill Carla Jean. this is the best I can do. god, no, I'm gonna call it the coin mount had no say. it's just ease her. questioning of whether or not killing her had anything to do with the chance of a coin toss or a decision he had already made in his mind, continues to raise the theme of fate and circumstance the colors the entire movie. and in what would have ordinarily been a cruel twist of fate, we see an tonka in the car wreck. we can see that the traffic light above the road actually red green. so Anton proceeded to drive, but nothing is certain, and the chance nature of light caught up with him. eventually. still, he managed to survive like a cockroach, and shuffles out of the film. the final scene sees sheriff Bell, Restless in his retirement, telling his wife about a dream he had concerning his father. in this moment, we see that the semi twist the film is that this is Belle's story. in fact, the opening of the film is narrated by Bell, which bookends the film nicely. and he tells a story of a time when you didn't even need to carry a gun as a sheriff, a role that both his father and grandfather had held. and he laments the increasing violence of the time period of the film is set in 1980. it's a movie where the sheriff never cracked the case and is only left with the murdered body of the man he was trying to protect. ultimately, the film is a tragedy with no hope in sight. the good guys die, the bad guy lives. and the only character we have any interested in who's still left standing leaves us at the end of the movie by ruminating on his own mortality. had free own dreams. why you got time for him? now? anything interesting again? - um, both had. my father and I miss peculiar. I'm older now, and he ever was by 20 years, so in fifties, the younger man. anyway, first thing I don't remember too well, but is about meeting him in town somewhat. you give me some money, and the loss to the second one, it was like we was both back in the older times. and I was a horse back going picking mountains for the night, going to this pass in the mountains. his cold snow on the ground. he rode past me and kept on going. never said nothing, but I just, well, he had his blanket wrapped around his head. we go fast. I think he was caring for her in Hoorn. the way people used to. bhisma. I could see the horn from the light inside of it, about two colours a month. there's a game. I knew that he was going on ahead. he sits in the back a fire somewhere out turn on the dark don't let go. I knew this whenever I got there, he'd either now woke up. the fact that Belle is older than his father ever was, by 20 years, seems to play heavily on his mind in his dreams, along with money that he might have lost in another dream. they tell us that he feels that he's out of place and that he lives in a country that isn't for old men like him. as the title of the film suggests, the lost money dream could point towards his lingering guilt of not being able to wrap up his last case with the two million dollars. he is also confronted with his existential crisis by his uncle, who tells him, this what you got thing that's new as countries heard on people caged up, which come ain't no, wait, no, knew that's Randy. so the ending of No Country for Old Men is a quiet and simple one in a movie that's filled with violence and calls and a fact and states and consequence. it simply shows an old man looking back on a dream he had and wondering what it all meant. when really he's looking back on his whole life and pondering its meaning, which is something we all end up doing eventually. yet maybe in a film that is so downbeat, Belle's yearning for meeting his father again, with a fire waiting for them both to sit around, is a sliver of hope for the goodness in life to reveal itself to him, and that maybe not quite all hope is lost. what your thoughts on the ending of No Country for Old Men? do you think it's as clear-cut as I made out? or maybe there's more to former sheriff Belle's dream than meets the eye? be sure to chime in with your comments down below, and thanks for watching. [Music]. you 