what would you do if you were kidnapped by a stranger and locked in a home with other brainwashed victims? would you be able to escape? in this video, i will break down the mistakes made in the movie. do not reply. the movie starts off with chelsea laying on her bed reading a book and getting texts from her friend. her friend facetimes her, and they talk about dating. chelsea is running late for school, so she goes downstairs and sees her mom is decorating the house early for halloween. chelsea is driving with christina, but she doesn't want to because christina is the typical high school mean girl. they arrive at school and chelsea talks with her friend mia. mia says she will be going to someone's house that night, and chelsea is confused because she thought it was their movie night. we see that chelsea tagged along and went with mia to hang out with her friends. seth and chelsea are watching a movie when she gets uncomfortable and runs out of the house. the next day, she meets up with mia and tells her what happened. a few seconds later, dylan shows up and teases chelsea about the night before. chelsea is on her phone when she keeps getting texts from an unknown person, the campus security shows up and takes her phone away. i don't know who this squiggly digly guy is, but why is he taking the students phones away? chelsea's mom picks her up and is mad at her because this is the second time she has got her phone taken away. her friend then brings her another phone, and right away she starts to text the stranger off the internet. she then proceeds to tell this random person her name and age, which she will later regret. the random person on the internet asks her for a picture in her outfit. she doesn't think twice about it, so she takes christina's cheerleading outfit and sends the stranger the picture. three weeks later, we see chelsea is talking to the stranger on the phone, and they talk about going on a date. on the other side of the phone, the stranger looks to be a grown man, and in the background we hear what sounds to be the man's daughter. the man says they will meet at a halloween party later that week. christina is helping chelsea with her zombie makeup so she can go to the halloween party and meet this man. the man finds her, and they sit on top of some stairs and drink an unknown liquid. okay, why would she drink this if she still doesn't know what this guy looks like? she can't see what he really looks like because he has so much makeup on. a few seconds later, she starts to trip out, so the man takes her to his car and puts zip ties around her wrists. she wakes up in a dingy basement and realizes she has been chained up. brad here walks into the room and slaps chelsea and tells says her new name will be sadie. she wakes up and sees another cheerleader that says her name is sadie. the girl unlocks chelsea's restraints and says she is free to go. chelsea runs out of the bunker and tries to escape, but everything is blocked off or locked. clearly, this is too good to be true, so the first thing i would do is grab a weapon, then try to find the best place to escape or hide. sadie then shows up and tells chelsea to clean the rug and to keep everything neat. sadie takes chelsea to another room where we see a third girl at this point. we can suspect that these two girls were brainwashed by brad, and that he is planning to brainwash chelsea as well. the girl in green then helps chelsea clean herself, wash her clothes and bleach her hair. in the other room, brad is seen knifing the air while using his camera helmet. the girl in blue then helps chelsea with her makeup and says her favorite part of the day is outside time. by that, she means using a virtual reality headset. we see the three girls are at dinner with brad when he says that chelsea's father was sent home from the army to help look for her. after dinner, chelsea takes some food to the girl and covers her mouth to keep her quiet. the girl says her name is tina, and starts to break down crying when chelsea tells her that her parents are still looking for her and that she has been all over the news. we then see brad start to have a flashback, and the girl in blue just decides to sit there and watch. if that was me, i would have already tried multiple times to kill this guy. and i know that the girls can overpower him. and kill him, which, for some reason, they haven't tried yet. brad's flashback shows him when he was younger, getting slapped by his mom and almost getting put in the dungeon. brad is doing this because he has basically followed his mother's footsteps, but in a more sick way. he then tells the girl in blue that she can go home when she is done. with one final video, which sounds way too good to be true. they go into the dungeon, and brad puts on his helmet and holds a knife up to the girl in blue. she sees this and is scared because she thought she was just doing a simple dance out of nowhere. brad takes his knife and stabs the girl repeatedly until she dies. he then enters chelsea's room and lays his head on her stomach. she wakes up and tries to act asleep so he won't notice her. she is able to act asleep, and he leaves the room. the next morning, she talks with one of the other girls through a hole in the wall. this girl says that she likes brad, and we see now that she has definitely been brainwashed. they are eating breakfast when brad doesn't like their behavior and says there is no outside time for either of them. chelsea is talking to tina when she says she was pregnant with brad's baby and tried to escape. she said brad stopped her from escaping, beat her and killed her baby. chelsea tries to help the girl by putting a new bandage on her leg wound, but they both know that won't help much. tina also tells her all she knows about escaping that place. we see chelsea start to wipe down the table for brad, and the girl in green steps in and takes over. as you saw, brad doesn't want anyone touching the picture of the girl that he sabbed earlier in the movie. tina calls chelsea in her room and says she wants pills so she can kill herself. so you're telling me they have had pills this whole time and haven't tried to kill brad with them yet? it almost seems like these girls want to stay with brad. chelsea is able to unlock her door, but if she gets caught, this could be the end of her. she goes into another room and takes a few of the pills so she can give them to tina before leaving. she notices the necklace of the girl that got stabbed earlier in the movie. while out of her room, she takes the chance to try and get help from brad's computer. she then hears brad's lawnmower shut off, so she quickly makes her way back to her room. while cleaning her shoe prints, she spills the pills and brad is almost done locking the door. she makes it back to tina's room, but brad hears clicking in her room. brad then tries to suffocate tina, but chelsea steps in and gets him to stop. to get out of the choke. she says she wants to kill tina, and brad lets her. after this, brad looks proud of her and basically comforts her for killing tina. he takes chelsea to his room and then makes her watch the video of him killing the girl in blue. brad then try the virtual reality. and chelsea is about to try and kill him when he turns around, and she has to make up a question about the helmet. brad takes her back to her room, and she realizes brad is really starting to like her. she then decides to kill herself and swallow lots of pills, but a few seconds later she pukes them back up. the next morning, we see brad is happily looking at chelsea, and the girl in green is a little jealous. chelsea takes the other girl to their rooms and she shows her what brad has done to tina. but the girl doesn't believe her because she is brainwashed. i would not try to tell this girl the truth, because she may throw us under the bus so she can be all alone with brad, because, as i said earlier, she likes brad. a few seconds later, the girl in green tells brad what chelsea said he had done. brad then gets mad at both of them and throws them in their rooms. chelsea wants to prove to the other girl that brad is a killer, so she sneaks into the hallway so she can get the other girl. they both go to brad's room so she can show her the video of brad's murders. he shows up and zip ties chelsea and takes her to the dungeon room. he then puts on his camera helmet and prepares to kill chelsea. the girl in green shows up with a knife, but brad quickly knocks it away. chelsea picks it up, and they get into a fight with brad. they are able to get his keys and run to the locked door. before they open it, brad shows up and they get into another fight. this time they are able to knock out brad and make it outside where they ask some lady for help. later we see chelsea talking to a therapist after what she has been through. we also see that brad is still alive, but he is in prison. two girls are seen talking to someone on their phone who they know nothing about. the movie ends with a stranger on the phone asking to pick them up. overall, this movie was terrible. do not go out of your way to watch this fully. but i hope you all enjoyed this video, and if you want, check out my other videos. 