[Music] wasn't to the breakdown when we break down all the messed up. [ __ ] y'all kept blowing me up saying stuff like, do I Spit on Your Grave, or do the next I Spit on Your Grave? well, first of all, there is no I Spit on Your Grave for but there is an I Spit on Your Grave. oh. [ __ ], here we go again that we've been waiting on. turns out they wanted to release us some time ago. finally. okay, not all. [ __ ], here you go again. it's deja vu, but basically the same thing right now. about a year and three months ago, I started off this series with, I Spit on Your Grave. i watch the movie online in my dorm room, making sure to turn the screen away from my roommate from saying it. I uploaded that video, and probably about six subscribers. one is my friend GTA man. the other five are different, different accounts belonging to me. so just like Halloween, there are many timelines. I Spit on Your Grave 1978, it's in his own universe. while I Spit on Your Grave, 2010, is in his rebooted universe. this movie is the official sequel to I Spit on Your Grave, 1978, detailing Jennifer Hills and her daughter, who have to deal with the family of the rapist. from 1978, it takes place 40 years after I Spit on Your Grave. Jennifer Hills has a place in my heart since she was the first character I immersed into and it's truly the other mask out of this channel. so get ready, I Spit on Your Grave deja vu, or day of the woman. deja vu, the original, is an extremely disturbing movie because it shows extremely a realistic interpretations of rape. but this is still a sight to see. so let's get into the breakdown. cue, to go home. [Music]. forty years after Michael Myers Taub Haddonfield and Jennifer Hills cut dicks off, the old rural town still echoes her name. in fact, the whole goddamn world speaks the legend of Jennifer Hills, who authored a book about the events of the Ray titled, I Spit on their graves. remember this gas station exactly? it's the same one that Jennifer visited that sadly got her put in the spotlight of some [ __ ]. it's still being used by who? by the wife of Johnny. Johnny was this guy, the leader of the game. Johnny's wife is named Becky, and she is listening to a radio show that has Jennifer Hills as a guest. she's basically doing what I'm doing, recapping. but Becky also looks at a magazine with the motto named Christina Hills looks like Jennifer Hills birth to daughter named Christina, who is the supermodel of the year. speak of the devil. Jennifer Hills herself, after all these years, I mean, the other Jennifer was cool, but it's my homegirl right here. and she pushed out a gorgeous daughter named Christie. Jennifer has been a single mom for a while. I wonder what happened to the dead. but Christie is like the world's most famous model. she is tired of the sensational career in the baggage that comes along with it. but like a good mama, Jennifer says that, I'll support you through every decision. as they leave the restaurant, somebody in this van is paying a close eye. these two guys named Kevin and Scott asked Jennifer for an autograph on her book. they're eccentric as [ __ ]. but Jennifer is a nice woman, so she signs their books. the problem is that they are just getting ready for a silent takedown. and Jennifer is held from behind. Christie fights with him, screaming loud as hell and [ __ ]. but what did she'd say? he said, that good chick. plus, she gets ko it into next week. they drag both Jennifer in the van as well as Christy. the van comes through to the gas station, and Becky gets in, acting like the damn mastermind. she's like, why is Christina here? she ain't got nothing to do with this, but maybe we will save her for later. Becky's like, I said, the husband of Jonny who was cut down in the testicles. remember, before Jennifer was bumping Playboy cardi? so let me get this straight. y'all waited 40 years to get Jennifer. I mean, based on later dialogue, they seem to have no problem traveling to New York, where Jennifer actually lives. but I guess they just wanted to want her to be there first. like, what after? that's sad, right? Jennifer, let some know. look, you can do whatever you want to me. but my daughter, she better get a first-class trip back to New York. they um actually agree with Jennifer. and so they dragged mommy and scott takes Christie back to New York. they bring Jennifer to a man named Herman, who is the father of Matthew, remember him? they bullied Jennifer basically, just all types of [ __ ] talking. seems the plan is to hang her, just like how Jennifer hanging Matthew forty years ago. I loved how Jennifer just mean, loves everyone, though they make her dig her own grave. but I don't think miss Hills is just gonna do what they say. she was just waiting for the right opportunity with the gun. she is the boss. and caused them more on Hicks, saying she'll be back for them. I guess there was a contingency plan just in case Jennifer escaped, because this actually seems like it's the most preferable. while Jennifer is continuously manipulating the surface, she is on top of Christie, is trying to speak some sense into this annoying idiot holding the wheel. she eventually convinces him to let her go potty. but looks like she actually plans on total rady. while he gets nasty, she hits him over the head, and then the boss, and then the boss again. I wouldn't just leave him like that. but she only has mommy on her mind, so she Sprint's to the van like a GTA character, leaving this [ __ ] stranded, while Christie races for Mom. Jennifer is traveling down at Old Town, only stopping when she is selling playing a brand new guitar. I'm kidding. it's just some crazy old woman on a bike. she tells Jennifer that you're gonna get hunted down before going right back to Grove Street. Becky gets an ATV from the station to HUD down her prey, while Jennifer runs into two crazy old drunks. these loony as folk help Jennifer out, driving super slow and chewing her ear out with nonsense. thirty seconds after she gives into the damn truck, they kick her out because they realized no police officers are in this town. should I tell her to wait until they can bring back help? coincidentally, Jennifer finds that she is at the same church that she went to forty years ago to speak to God about the revenge he was gonna partake in. she also sees the graves of her attackers, which caused Jennifer demonic. Becky is looming in the background. so Jennifer cliche lee hi's in the grave until she roams elsewhere. she runs to the church, but is caught by Becky. realizing that her power level has lowered after 40 years, she begs Becky to spare her daughter. but like a badass, she says she has no regrets. in response, Jennifer has her neck slit many times. Jennifer has her head [ __ ] cut off. I I don't [ __ ] with that. now I know. now I know how you angry Game of Thrones fans feel. I don't [ __ ] with this at all. it better be a dream. you don't kill Jennifer Hills. she's the reason I'm even watching this damn movie. so after coming to terms with the death of 1978 continuity, Jennifer Hills, Christie has to come to terms with it - for some unknown reason, she knew to come to the church, discovering her mom was brutalized. corpse. okay, precisely. that is the correct way to react. when disturbing Queen Jennifer Hills is murder whatever. realistically, though, I imagine how damaging the site is to see your mom dead. Plus her head is off his hinges. I'm so high he hurt though. Christie looks for another way into the church to ask for help, since the doors locked. but when she gets back to the main entrance, she fuzz her mother's corpse is gone by some bastards in the van. she runs away into the woods, seeing her me, she gets grabbed by this ugly [ __ ] Kevin. and Kevin influences her men to rape her. he tears all her clothes off, but he is impotent. he can't get hard, so he sits back, unless Kevin raper, he knocks her out first. though, kind of glad cuz after irreversible I don't think I could listen to any more crying. so, yeah, that happens. kind of reminds me up Last House on the Left. Christie gets back up, doing the walk I always hate viewing, only to run into Becky. she just talks her usual jealous nonsense until Christie stops the gums out her mouth. but remember what Jed said, that's a good chick. again, Herman starts to see that what they're doing isn't right at all. it helps Christie escape Becky's unwanted advances. Christie, just like her mother once did, and her mother, in a whole different universe, walks through the forest hiding from her attackers. in fact, she waits all night long. in the morning, she gets out of the tree trunk to wash up as best as she can, but also find a change of clothes. coincidentally, though, Christie walked past the house that Jennifer Hill stayed in. Christie finds a change of clothes near Herman's residence, and her face already shows that taste for justice that I've already seen plenty of times. Herman is just out doing yard work, stuff like that, but grabs a sickle out of a tree to tear down the very thing reminding him of his dead son. while Herman deals with that, Christie is just inside, eating after a long day, but she's already planning her attack. Herman later, hears a noise, going inside to see Christie with that classic grin. he tries to shoot her, but she took all the bullets out already after knowing he would use it. he runs out and goes out back to find this assault rifle, this gta3 ass gun, but she is already gone. he believes her to be in shock to [ __ ] and shoots inside. she used this opportunity to attack and hissing with a sickle, watching him dancing pain, he says, why me? but she mocks him by saying, you forgive me, don't you? since I spit on your grandpa tag, and it's like to give people a taste of their medicine. I feel as if her saying that means he probably said it to suck up to the other three. she jacks Herman's ride and drives up to the gas station where Becky is. Scott and Kevin also meet up there to brown-nose. but most importantly, they have the mission to go find where Christy is. she follows them, leaving behind Herman's car so they can investigate. while Kevin searches for Herman. Christy pops up like Herman is dead. he thinks he has the better hand, until Christiane reveals hers she makes him strip, just like how Jennifer made Johnny strip. also, like her mother, she plays the nice girl, giving him a flower and [ __ ]. she manipulates him into believing that she actually cares about him. DejaVu, right? she asks him to take her back to New York, which he has no problems worth, because his whole forgettable dialogue during the previous car ride involves him wishing to leave this place behind. she lets him play with her goodies and even gives him a [ __ ]. but secretly, she is just gonna shoot this bastard. she then decides on something a bit more personal and stabs him in the dick, just like Johnny, though the orgasm just matched the pain for a bit. Scott is in the car listening to Porto trip by Asha falero, only to get out once the screaming bumps louder. Scott runs out there Christy, but she says, I ain't got my mom's patience. I go straight for the balls. and he gets shot in the balls, but, um, barely any reaction. instead of him crying in pain, he's all like, why'd he do this? she makes him lay down after this cringy display, and points the gun to his butt, saying, [ __ ] your [ __ ]. well, that was probably the golden chainsaw, honestly. becky searches for Herman, but finds him dead. she also so happens to track down Scott and Kevin's bodies. while she investigates, Christy pops up an axe where her mama's body is. probably would have been best to ask the last two idiots who killed cuz this [ __ ] wants to die. that anger makes her take a nail. but right before she gets her neck slit, though, two goons save her and beat the [ __ ] out her. Becky, like they literally killed Becky for her. she's finished when Christy hits her over the head with a bottom. the goons say they know where Jennifer is. she's buried next to your father. what? oh, I see. so Jennifer was impregnated by one of the rapists, most likely Johnny. since the second rate was sodomy in Matthew was probably impotent. they'd bring her to the mother's grave. and Christy reveals that justice prevailed. and the two goons also point Johnny as the father. hey guys, before we go on, does anybody think that's kind of weird? if the original took place 40 years ago, then that would have to mean christy is 40 years old. she looks a lot younger than that though, like maybe 29 at the most. I mean, 40 is still young, but it just seems like she isn't that old yet. just about the context of her dialogue. okay, whatever. Christy understands everything now, such as why Jennifer never told her, but she is still mighty proud to be the offspring of the legendary grave spitter. Christy asked for their help to transport the body back to New York to give her a funeral. that were rival of presidents. just as they are about to lift the body, the woman who rode on to Jennifer on the bike suddenly kicks Christy into the grave. it's revealed that the two drunk UN's we're just stringing Christy along. in fact, they are the grandparents of Christy, meaning that they are the parents of John. this was just a part of their grand plan. no wonder they just randomly left Jennifer off by the church. they basically bully Christy, screaming religious phrases at her and beating her over the head with a shovel. they really beat her too. and eventually Christy falls down. and the three all believed that their work is finished. Christy was, unsurprisingly, not ready to lay down. so she gets out of that grate and shovels the [ __ ] out of that crazy old bat. she didn't knocks her crazy grandma onto the ground and digs right into that old bat stomach. she picks up a shotgun, telling her grandpa to carry the body to my new truck. he is so basically lost in despair, stolen return of doing what she asks, he asks her to kill him. Christina sighs, though that a better punishment is living. unknown to Christie, though, her grandpa can summit, uh persona, and tries to, but he used the wrong type of gun and just ended up blowing his brains out. okay, seriously, he just killed himself. Christie says, may God have mercy on you, grandpa. Christie walks into the same church her mom walked into, getting on her knees, saying, straight up, I ain't come for forgiveness. everything I did was an eye for an eye. she then randomly takes the [ __ ] cross off the wall and lays it on the floor. what does that represent? y'all? this movie ends, and the two children of Becky roll up to the gas station looking for remember those two brats? Christie drives right by with her mom's body in the trunk. the two kids say, I wonder who that was. Christina Hills has secured revenge against the people who killed her mother by killing the entire guilty bloodline that was related to those rapist back in 1978. pretty cool too, the Sox are bringing back to them. but kill Jennifer used to do it? objection no, that's I don't agree with that plot point. it's not acceptable. but Christie Hills still follow the example in out of respect to the original Jennifer Hills. I gotta say, this snot setting up the woman who cleans guys. don't [ __ ] with him. are you gonna get [ __ ] up? now, let's get to the spooky stuff. [Music], hey, spooky. did you like this movie? no, not at all. it's honestly easily my least favorite movie in this franchise. I read reply on irreversible that said, it wasn't even that disturbing. I see what you mean. I mean, it honestly felt Kemetic. showed me way too much of these unintimidating idiots who served as the antagonist. kevin was just ugly as hell, get off the screen so much trying so hard to be crazy. Scott was just Becky. it was just annoying to the rape, isn't I Spit on Your Grave. original and remake were crazy, intimidated, like I could I almost identify with Jennifer. the three crinimal is in the Last House on the Left were scarier than the idiots in this movie. and did they really have to kill Jennifer killer by cutting her damn head off? I mean, I kind of est\xc3\xa1ndar. lastly, it felt like a comedy, really there was. there was barely any seriousness in terms of what I prefer in the series. I said, the original, I Spit on Your Grave, then I spend your grave. - then I Spit on Your Grave. remake, then I Spit on Your Grave. three, then this one. now on to it. the most disturbing moment is when they [ __ ] killed Jennifer Hills. I don't that's just not gonna sit well with me at all. I understand if they were inclined to pick the rape, but that's like the most disturbing moment in every movie in this series, the most enjoyment was probably literally just seeing Miss Hills again after 40 years. I couldn't really truly laugh or smile at any revenge that was dealt in this movie. and that's it. I hope you guys enjoyed the official secret. ah, screw you. great. I don't know if they're gonna make another one, but this might be the last one. there are still plenty of films like our spinning your grave out there, so maybe I'll get to UM one day. until next time, spooky. Oh, 