hi. so HBO decided to adapt the book by ray bradbury, which, you know, if I'm being honest, right here, right just for a little bit, I think it's a great metaphor about suppressing information and knowledge from people, you know, even the extent of taking that choice away from citizens. but like when you bring computers into the mix, considering that wasn't around when the book was written, book kind of falls into its own ashes. I was super excited to catch Michael B Jordan produced and started what could be his break, had a breakout of 2018. but honestly, it was just a stream. it's sadly, well, let me explain. so in this world, you got these firemen who burn up books because they're trying to get rid of any opposing ideas. it's write up that when you're given too many options in this world, it just overwhelms you, and it leads people to make bad choices. and sometimes I guess that's true. you know, I always overstuffed myself when I go to a buffet. Johnny Storm over here is one of those firefighters who blazes up books every time they find them. and he even streams it online. this dude's pretty much at the Jake Paul of this world, because he gets famous off destroying stuff. you got Lilly Singh, who's doing a super job of going from YouTube to the YouTube news. just in this world, they're following them as they outs, which anybody who's been hiding books? and it's just a little weird, because they do have an internet in this world, right? granted, it's known as the nine, and it's pretty much what happens when a GPI fully takes over with net neutrality. everything is supervised, and it's just full of bad opinions. so it's Madame de face book. but the fact that technology exists in this adaptation, it makes me wonder why they're still keeping to that idea of having to preserve books. like, I don't get why we're playing The Book of Eli when we can just cryptically send out codes via online stuff. I've also always wondered how they learned English, because there's like, like nobody in this world actually knows how to read text. eventually, they do end up finding the library from beast castle, and it's there where Zod reminds kill monger why they burn books like Huck Finn and anti-feminist stuff, because getting rid of those ideas helps fix those relations see, we're not born equal, so we must be made equal by the fire. so by this logic, if we only had laws telling you not to murder people, it might just stop happening. they end up confronting a lady who has these books, and before they can blaze them, this lady pulls up with us suicide book vest. I get that she wants to die for her books, for the cause on the stream, but like, girl, why'd you duct tape them as if they were like dynamite? also, why is Brad wear his own book in this pile? as you can guess, Montag finds a girl who he likes, and she's a part of the rebellion, trying to smuggle book info across the border to Canada. he stops taking those Visine The Giver drops that they give everyone, and he starts collecting books like Mathilde. his mind is more knowledgeable than Ross. and when he tries to help a father and his daughter who are hiding, it's like, bro, if I'm a Schindler's List, you don't crack the glass. Montag, that meets up with me. since I got cast in this movie, at some point and he makes a run for it after his team turns on him. he's getting chased, and they're even labeling him murderer, which I always think is hilarious, because a white kid can shoot up a school. it's a mental illness. one black man claims a dude, all of a sudden he's a terrorist. Montag does go full Johnny Storm at the end and turns into Pikachu's master. but the rebels are able to send out that literal, physical tweet that has all of the information they need across the border in order to save the 50 shades series. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm gonna be completely honest with you, I saw this movie twice. they can maybe I miss something. maybe I'm just not getting the world, but it's just, I don't know, it's I've always liked the original book, the idea of the original book, but to be completely honest, the idea of burning books and people like booing texts is dumber to me than like, sending kids in a post-apocalyptic world to go fight for your people, to not starve. I don't know, I thought it could have been better. I was really rooting for HBO and your boy, Michael B Jordan. but it just didn't work. you know, we're living in a world where you really think you can get rid of memes. it doesn't matter how shredded Michael B Jordan is, that's just not happening. than that, I'm curious to know your thoughts down below. let me know any other movies you want me to cover. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a neat Kindle 