hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the story of the movie saw 2005. the movie starts and we see a guy named michael who became the victim of jigsaw killing. and he finds himself in an unknown room, stuck in a life-threatening helmet. jigsaw sends his message using videotape, where he finds the reason for being here. actually, michael was a police spy who keeps telling the police about people. according to jigsaw, he ruined the life of many people by making their arrests. according to the rules of the jigsaw game. he was left with only one minute before his helmet gets locked and he dies. jigsaw gives him the hint that the key to the helmet has been fixed at the back of his eye. today was his assessment of whether he could sacrifice his eye, which he kept on people, to save his own life. michael tries much to dig out the key, but all in vain. at last, the timer ends and his face shatters away. on the other hand, we see that detective eric and his son had an argument. he gets angry and asks his son to leave. when he repents upon his mistake, he tries to go back to him, but his son, daniel, was lost and had no information. then detective alison calls upon eric about the investigation of the crime scene of michael, because michael had left a note for eric on the wall. and here we come to know that michael was an informer of eric. he used to send people information to eric. after reading the note on the wall and logo on the helmet, he understands where those masks were manufactured. finally, eric finds out the secret and exact location of jigsaw with the help of other detectives, where they find jigsaw as a weak person suffering from cancer. there they find out that they have not found a jigsaw. in fact, he did smart planning to trap them. there they see on monitors that jigsaw had kept michael's son, daniel, and many other in a room filled with poisonous gas. and those people were left with only two hours until they die of poison. jigsaw also tells eric that only those people were locked inside, whom he arrested against false evidence. and he did all that with the help of michael. and up till now, people who were trapped never knew that daniel was michael's son, otherwise they would have killed him for revenge. jigsaw tells eric that if he wants, he can save his son. that would be only possible if he follows the rules of his game. the rules of his game were quite simply, that one has to understand jigsaw for a while, according to the rules of the game. he agrees to talk to him alone. during the conversation, eric finds out that jigsaw knows him very well. eric used to torture his prisoners very badly when he was a police officer five years ago, so that they could admit the crime. and once he broke the teeth of a prisoner. and not only this, but he also managed to make false charges against the criminals. he tells him the reason for being jigsaw, as per him, people don't know the importance of life, and they don't have survival skills until they see death in front of them, like eric felt for his son at that moment. he understands that humans have much power to tolerate pain. and he wanted to tell the people about the importance of their life in his wrong way. jigsaw says that he has a sign which he imprints on the body of those who don't survive. on the other hand, all the prisoners were trying to find out their reason for being here. there the people never knew about each other. amanda finds out the tape of jigsaw, in which they find out that they were left with two hours unless the poison gas kills them. to survive the game, they had to find the hidden antidote in the room, the secret code of which jigsaw tells them in the form of a puzzle, that the code was present at the back of their brain in the color of the rainbow. jigsaw also tells them that their presence there was linked to only one reason, the clue of which they would find out from the x mask hidden in the house. they also find out a key and a note in which jigsaw warned them not to open the door with the key. but xavier denies the jigsaw rule and tries to open the room with the key. but in doing this, the trigger of the gun opens up, and gus dies of staring in the hole. jigsaw intentionally provided the door key for two reasons, because he knew that someone would try to open the door despite his warning and would die. and on the other hand, to tell the people that rules need to be followed, otherwise their end would be the same after sometimes the room door opens up by itself, and they find no way out. after checking the house thoroughly, then they find the door to the basement. they find the jigsaw new message, a pail and many other things. they also find the name obi, which was one of the prisoners names. they find out that obi was the reason they were there, but he never knew that why he was there. jigsaw tells that he had put the two antidotes in a kiln, and one of which was obi's gift for kidnapping all and bringing them here. and second was for one of the other prisoners. the recorded message was a puzzle that said, when you are in hell, the only devil can save you. and that message ends. but no one cares about that. when obi's name reveals then xavier threatens him with killing. but obi never gets frightened. he goes inside the kiln to find out antidotes. and he successfully takes one of the antidotes. but to find the other antidote, the door of the kiln shuts by itself. it catches up the fire, and he dies. and that antidote vanishes there. then they find out another room, and the timer of the room triggers up. after listening to the tape, they find out that this room was the test room of xavier, who was a drug dealer involved in putting people under the addiction of drugs. in this test, xavier had to find out the key of the room placed inside the needle's waist, where that other antidote was present. but instead of doing it by himself, he throws amanda inside. after trying so much, amanda finds out the key, the time was out, till the time, and the door gets shut forever. after being alone, xavier enters room 1, where he finds out the number, because of which he solves out the puzzle of jigsaw. jigsaw had written the secret code at the back of everyone in the rainbow color. to find the code, he kills him. and there they find out the thing which was connecting all of them, that was that instead of daniel, everyone had gone to jail. and daniel's father, eric, was responsible for sending them to jail against false charges. and when xavier finds out this, he comes out to find daniel. now addison finds another room where the antidote was kept in a glass casing. she ignores the recorder and tries to find out the antidote, but she gets trapped in it and dies because his veins are cut off. and if she had listened to the tape, she might have found the key to the glass box, and she might not be killed and would have found the antidote. xavier listens to her shouting and reaches out there and takes out her code and leaves her for dying there. after a while, a girl dies of poison after finding code from many people's body. xavier tries to find out daniel. eric sees his son's life in danger and loses consciousness. he hits jigsaw real hard to find out the location of his son. and jigsaw agrees to take him to the exact location, but he makes a bet that he would go there alone. xavier follows them and reaches to the washroom and asks them to tell them his number. then amanda asks him that how would he understand the number written on his back? and xavier thrashes out the skin at his back by cutting it. xavier dies after being hit by daniel during fighting with both of them. on the other hand, eric enters the place jigsaw had told him. he enters the basement and the force team enters there, but they can't find the people on the video monitor, and couldn't find the victims. and then they find out that this was not that house, and they were seeing the captured video. this means whatever had happened to the victims occurred before capturing jigsaw. on the other hand, eric enters the washroom for finding his son, but he finds neither amanda nor daniel. then he finds out the dead body in the bathtub. when he gets closer, the dead body injects him and makes him unconscious. when he wakes up, eric finds out that he is chained. now, a tape nearby reveals the secret that there was another mastermind instead of jigsaw, and that mastermind was amanda, who did all this to take revenge on eric, because she was never on drugs. but eric put false charges against her and arrested her. and she was jailed and got addicted to the drugs. in the prison, eric had ruined her life. but jigsaw made her leave drugs and gave her new life and told her the importance of life. she gets impressed by jigsaw and starts working under him. and here her first prey was eric. and she intentionally got included in the prisoners so that she could complete her mission. and jigsaw had also told eric that his son was at the safe place he was indicating towards him. and amanda says to him, game over forever, and shuts the door. and the movie ends with an evil smile of jigsaw. thanks for watching. 