that's my brother. no, I was, hey, we're alive again. and it looks like we're actually, we're actually in the right orientation this time. it's probably a separate video. so go back to the, go back to B go back to the man every caps home page. theoretically, you should find it here. I'm gonna put it on my little cool hey everyone. I hope everyone can make it back over here. it's too bad we had about a couple of you waiting. hopefully you can find your way back to the right video. let's see, are you still on the old one? actually, go back to the old one and tell Jack to go to the new one. although the old ones stop streaming. we'll see. we'll test it out. but in any case, for eunuch austerity, come check me later. this is the man of recaps live pre-show show. I'm joined once again by mr. Vinson. hey, right. and this week by Johanna. it's been an exciting first two weeks of Game of Thrones. first two episodes have been pretty good. this what do you think of the last episode? actually, episode 2 - the overall story arc. indeed, indeed, it was. the joke is of this never, never saw last week's episode. it's okay, we'll forgive him. there's a busy weekend. to be fair, I only watched Game of Thrones with you, and you're busy with your mom. but Joanna, how big the game of Thrones fan are you? I'm obsessed. I've seen the second episode of the season already four times. so, yeah, just every day this week, mica, it just made me feel so happy watching all the happier things that I know we're not gonna get. great to see all these characters, you know, talk. it's nice because we've got such a big final season here. so much of it is going to be, you know, action and and big events going on, starting tonight with the Battle of Winterfell. who's ready for that? so, yeah, last last week's episode, it was a lot of fun. just did get people to actually hang out the characters we've grown to know and love over these eight ish years. yeah, it's been exciting. today, some will die, no doubt about that. what we were gonna do today was top, top lists. today, this episode is supposed to be a big battle scene, so we're gonna talk about top battles in Game of Thrones. they've been some good ones, some characters will die. so we'll talk about top deaths in Game of Thrones. although, you know, it just occurred to me, not a lot of deaths in battle. what about that? what do you guys think about that? chat, any characters, any major characters, have they died in a battle? I feel like the big ones are, you know, the red wedding, yeah, Ned Stark, things like that. now, executions. yeah, yeah, we'll see. you remember any service op coming right here. they did bring him up and like, put him down as the chopping block. yeah, that's uh. Sean Bean, yeah, that's true. our friend mr. bean. Sorry, Sorry. shopping calls you that. let's jump right into it. plus weight. plus, we've got a special guest coming later in the episode. I'm not going to give it away, but he's actually on the show. I managed to get someone from Game of Thrones to come down to my apartment today. so it's pretty big times. pretty big times for man to recap. seriously. so, yeah, without further ado, let's jump right into it. please. also talk in chat. say everything you want to say. say. hey, we've got a beautiful girlfriend off screen reading the chat, and she'll tell us. you know what you guys say, you know, any cool questions? any cool comments? and, oh, I'm sorry. I was reading. well, everyone says hello, and there some good questions coming in. but somebody did mention that the last episode was the first episode since season 3 in which there were no deaths. so that's what a lot of us, it seems so good because nobody - happened. oh, no, three, yeah. so the season three, episode 7, there's at least been a death every single episode. I believe that. I think a lot of times it's a small character, maybe. oh, yeah, of course. Justin yeah, but I wonder what the episode is with no deaths in season 3. I'll have to go back and find out, or do, you know, tell us. there's also one thing else here, an exciting amount of Game of Thrones predictions. now, I said that, I think, maybe last time, that I wasn't going to talk about my predictions for the end of the series, because I think that I'm right. and so spoiler, you know, if I, if I shout it out right now. so I did write them down in a sealed envelope. Game of Thrones predictions right here. I will show you that there is a paper inside. let's not say, notably Konami, but did write some some things down here. so, but I do have, I do have my prediction for who will be on the throne at the end, and a couple of major characters where I think they'll be. and then just and alive or dead list in general. so we will seal this right now. in fact, on camera. will prove that. we will prove that I didn't tamper with it later, that I've licked an envelope in a hundred years. so that will be exciting. after the last episode, come back here. we'll do a live opening, a final post show, I guess. and it will be super cool. so, top three battles? since tonight is a big battle episode, what do you remember as a great battle? your favorite battle so far? my favorite one was probably with Jon Snow. but when he is like up and, like, he first sees the night game, when they let go to save it's actually really hard on camera to think, yeah and talk at the same time. but yeah, I think that one was probably one of my favorite, because I think that was like the first realization that he realized, like, what force he was going to be dealing with. like, he kind of only saw the whites and he was just like, well, this [ __ ] sucks. yeah. I think like, when he saw them and he saw how quickly he resurrected all the dead, it was just kind of like, we have, yes, that's a good call. a hard home, battle of hardhome. yeah, that was fantastic, because it was the first time we really got to see that, the White Walkers and the knight King in action. yeah. and you realize how big it the reddit is. you know, they've been talking about it for a while, and it's kind of like, oh, yeah, sure, yeah. it's Ami's and the White Walkers, they're clearly a threat. yeah, but like, how is that, you know, how they gonna get over the wall? what are they gonna do? you know, they're just Dom bees, yeah. but, yeah, we've got to see firsthand there that they are. they're pretty intense, yeah, scaling over the little, like wood wall, and it's like running through it until they can, like, break through. it's like they have no other ambition aside from like, killing everybody. it's like, that's our end goal. always sounds like, okay. and they're not dumb, walking dead, like slow, like they're zombies. yeah, they can move fast. they can, they can use weapons. we're gonna see zombies tonight, like, holding swords and shields and spears, I imagine. so that's good. Vince, do you remember any, any cool battles? do you have a favorite one? I don't these kind of battles, but I definitely appreciate a trial by combat. I think it's a definitely an interesting about doing things. and shout-out to Tyrion for always like, we easily just way out of it. was my favorite characters, for sure. he's favorite. it is amazing. if you went through this whole series on a rewatch, and you were like, how many times did Tyrion almost die? it would be quite a bit. constantly in danger a lot. but the other big battle is one of my favorites. was one of the first ones, the Battle of the Blackwater, where Stannis sieges King's Landing. this is a really, really good one. I love a good siege, is the thing. it's one of my favorites. and I love Stannis back in the day. he's a fun character. and of course, it was interesting too, because at the time he was kind of a good guy. you know, maybe going to defeat the Lannisters, but at the same time, you had your good characters on the inside. Tyrion was the one who's defending it, of course. you know, we loved him. it was a good one though. a lot of fun, fun, you know, some fun fighting, some good times. I love Tyrians big speech. you know what? he really rallied all the troops of King's Landing, rallied the defenses. they cheered for him. half man showed that he really, you know, can be a good leader. the time comes. he knows just what to say. yeah, all the time. that's actually one of my favorite parts. do you guys remember Stannis is pre-battle speech to his men? I think he said was school. what do you say? he's like, let's he's just like, let's go kill them. like, it's like, a lot of us are gonna die. let's go. oh, I'm embarrassed. I don't know this cool by heart, but it was. it was basically a one-sentence, the pre battle speech. and I always loved that about him. I thought that was a cool moment. so that's a good ones. and we didn't mention, obviously, babble of the bastards. some of you guys in chat, yeah, I see those coming in. yeah, that one was incredible. that was a big one last season. obviously, Jon Snow fighting against Ramsay snow to take back Winterfell, just like the whole two armies, like, colliding right in the mid was incredibly impressive. yeah, I was as well. film. does it make any major movie, you know? yeah. reminded people of Saving Private Ryan and stuff, the way he was in the middle of the chaos. and you get nice, a nice long stay, a long take where you have a chance to really see what's going on, you know, as people and horses are running everywhere, arrows fallen like crazy. yeah, I was. it's amazing. yeah. real testament to Game of Thrones is production value. we have a couple people saying that the Blackwater is, you know, people love that one to their favorite. and someone says, take this city. did Stannis they take this state city? yeah, yeah. let's take this city. so, I mean, I'm not about to run through a wall, but, no, not bad. indeed. you undersold it. i love, i love the sea. just like that because you realize how much effort it is. you're like, oh, wait a minute. we got to get on the boats and we got a row to shore, then we got to run through the arrows to get to the walls the ladders. yeah, that's a lot of work. I can't believe anyone ever actually did it in history. did it Castle sieges happen? it seems like way too much effort. yes, they absolutely did happen. history professor over here, Hannah dude. and she burned the boats in history. or is that just like a metaphor? yeah. they've actually burned boats before when they knew they were losing. absolutely. that's great. also, so people couldn't retreat. mm-hmm. oh, no, I meant like, the people who are attacking, they burn the boats, so they are not allowed to retreat at all. they have to win or they die. yes, yes. okay. oh, absolutely. yeah. that's a crazy move. it is a metaphor. I had a well, it is nowadays, a metaphor. yeah, that's true. it wasn't as many burn boats anymore. no, it's a metaphor. yeah. there's no going back. I have to commit only forward. that was a great battle that never happened, the First Battle of Winterfell. oh, and Stannis tried to attack it with the remnants of his forces that almost everyone abandoned him at that point. and, yeah, that's, I love the other line, it is only forward. you know, we can't March back. it's like this is it, when you're clearly yet, you're clearly not going. but yeah, someone just mentioned that the director of the black are the bastards will direct tonight's episode. yeah, is it? it's Michael Sata check. maybe that's a name. I know, I know, I recognize some of the directors. I don't normally pay attention, but I watched enough game with her host. I know Mr Bryan cogman has done some of them. I think he did last weeks. and and I think sap a check, Mikey. Mikey SAPO, as I call him, is the big battle guy. so, yeah, this promises to be one of the biggest battles filmed of all time. I'm pretty excited. let's actually talk a little strategy about how this battle is going down. you're pretty pretty excited about that. yeah. where is? where is John supposed to be? do you know, I don't know where he's supposed to be, but I hope somewhere safe. I hope somewhere far away from the battle. but I know he's not going to because I thought his it is character he'll be in the thick of things. yeah. I wonder how much time he'll be riding a dragon and how much time I'll be on the ground. a little bit of both. yeah. is he good with dragging stuff? yeah, they did that one in Episode one. know, pretty soon. I mean, that's true. I don't know, yeah, he did hold on successfully. he's gotten the hang of battling from a dragon yet. yeah. it's also rough cuz you can't do much except just be like, dragging him, burn them. you can't like reach. yeah, yeah. she's no good with a sword. she's good with a dragon. it's actually an interesting thing I was thinking about is the Dragons. you know, first two pictures, the final battle over the eight years ago, when I was just reading the books, and, you know, I had seen season 1, I was like, ok, eventually we're gonna have dragons fighting the army of the Dead. and how are they going to lose though? and I'm just gonna blow through all these zombies? no, but we got to see at the awesome zombie battle, put that on the top vilest awesome zombie battle beyond the wall last season, where they were capturing the white that, yeah, the dragons are actually very gullible, flying around down there. the night king, he's real good with that javelin. so if they've got a bunch of White Walkers, maybe that are as good as him. or if he's just there with the javelin, uh, yeah. the dragons, you don't want to just, you don't want to send them out. they might get taken down early, and then you're really at a disadvantage. I would be so sad if another dragon dies. puppies, would that be the saddest at like, character. you don't want to die like dragon, a dragon be and then like John Sarah Danny, yeah, three days. John snows wolf, yeah, we thought that he was just abandoned, you know, to the CGI budget. but he was. he still so, the most tragic deaths, exclusively, will be animals. what would be the most tragic deaths today? I would be very, very sad if, Brienne, yeah, or both. either of those would be really sad to see go. and, you know, I think they're both in the danger zone. I would say the safe zone are sort of the main characters, John and Danny. I think I think they'll make it. there's still three episodes left after this one, you know, they have to, they have to go forward. but yeah, any of these mid, mid tier characters, any of them could go in a heroic sacrifice tonight. okay, what made me so sad? you just got knighted. that was a big thing that happened last week. she was officially, sir brand a knight to the seventeen. that's such a big smile and a nice clap for and a great story about his giants middle it's just the best. some people saying like, sir Davos Podrick. Oh, Sam, Oh, Podrick. know, Davos anywhere? I need a bus to survive. and go home to his theoretical life. and kids like that. does he still happen somewhere? you mentioned them early on, but he's been away for a while. and Podrick is just coming into his own after a song like that, he might, yeah, I don't know. this battle might go one of two ways. it might be just like, one or two deaths, yeah. or it might be like, they're like, look, actually, right now this is that, this is a huge deal. yeah. so I'm excited to see which way it goes. I have actually no idea. that be honest. I have my final life and death list but I don't know how much of that is happening. tonight, someone asked, do you think that take on Charlie deserve to die? and I go, that's a silly questions. a good question. throw back. good all talking about, yeah, Nicola, entirely. you remember, he was Sam's brother. and you remember it was last season Danny burned him and his father for, you know, not bending the knee, not surrendering. and, you know, even though they were on the wrong side, Circe's clearly the bad guy, but it was a noble thing of them to do, is not to surrender. but also, I absolutely would have agreed with Tyrion and not burned dick on, you know, you execute the father. say, pick on, let's put you in jail for a bit. you know, we could think about this later. you might be, you know, you seem like, generally a good guy. I guess she didn't know that at the time. yeah, exactly. you always, it's nice to have, don't know, it's nice to give people a chance. yeah, like a second to, like, answer. it's like, take a decision. it's if you were conquering a country and you said, surrender or die, people refused to surrender? would you? what would you do? that's a deep question for a stream. you still have to just kill them, right? yeah. I mean, yeah, you have to. that's what Danny ended up doing. okay. she was like, if I don't, then all of a sudden, what did she say? - Tyrion. she said, if if he's allowed a third choice of imprisonment, then everyone's gonna want that choice. I didn't think of that third option. Chrisman, exactly. if you make it an option, that's sort of, sort of an easy choice for them. yeah. you get to plain both sides. hmm. don't have to commit it. no, I think that's fair. I mean, like, has Danny down the hill turn ish? is that a bad question? no. what do you mean in terms of becoming, say, a more ruthless ruler? exactly. yeah. there's been a lot of talk, I've seen around forums and stuff, about Danny becoming the new mad queen, following in her father's footsteps. and I think that's a bunch of rubbish, as they saying in England, cuz, yeah, I mean, she's made hard choices like this, like executing dick on, yeah. but, you know, she hasn't seem to take any joy in it. it's just really, it's a tough dilemma when you're trying to conquer a nation. you know, you have to be a bit ruthless, no doubt. everything seems like she still wants to be a really good ruler and is a good person. um, her, you know, she's been annoying these last two episodes, kind of actually bucks head with Sansa. John tells her about his parentage, and her first thought is like, wait, so you're above me in the line of succession instead of, wait, you're my nephew. I've been banging my nephew. so, yeah, it's a tough thing for and, I mean, maybe she will head down that path still. we have a couple episodes left. but no, I think she stole a real good person. she stole a good guy in my boat. okay, okay, just checking. I would burn dick on Charlie, actually, I support her. yeah, you got to be. yeah. so we've been talking a lot about the kids, right - like Daenerys and John and Sansa. these are all the kids that have survived their parents. but one person we haven't mentioned yet is bran. and so I wanted to kind of ask about that. so at the beach, or David Koepp, you know, was asking about him, and I think it's a good point, because I can't stop talking about it, because my thinking is, but, you know, he's kind of the odd child out right, who has this kind of journey that he says he has to be a part of. so what are you guys think about that and where he's ended up? I mean, he's not like a person, or he doesn't consider himself a person anymore, right? so, I don't know, i think it's, it's interesting to see his character develop into this non person now, and just kind of exist and just say these little, quick, like snippets of somebody's past. it's like, you said that before. it's like that. but, yeah, I don't know, it's just, it is fun, if you can't hold a normal conversation, just, people, yeah, people ask them a question, and you respond to make a cryptic, cool answer. imagine the follow-up, like, okay, so what do you was like, we have plenty of time. tell me your story. because it's like, I'd have anybody, like, the only person that could understand him, I feel like, would be Tyrion, cuz it's like, he has the patience to sit down and kind of like listen to every little thing that he could possibly tell him and like break it down in his own mind to like relay that message to other people. it's like, I'm not talking to brand it's like, no, I did, I did it for you. and like, this is what, this is what he's doing. it's like, okay, well, like, I like that just, like, now we're gonna talk about it. okay. what's going on? yeah, actually, tell me you're going back to right here. I don't think he's gotten into too much detail with his is up there, siblings, you know, sense I didn't ask many follow-up questions, right? there's, like, I learned from the wizard in the tree. okay, sure. and their defense was, like, too much going on right now. yes. take care of your like, slightly strange brother saying, hopefully this tracks itself and, you know, after puberty and such, exactly. yeah. I wonder what brands, um, you know, future holds. I don't, I don't really see him, you said you don't see him having a happy ending out there. yeah, because what's he gonna do? like go back to normal, you know? or just like be the weird uncle in the Winterfell Tower. yeah, that could be back to the tree if they win. he's like a walking history book, right? like, it's like he just has to be by himself, like, absorbing all of history that's going on, that has happened, that might happen. it's like, you can't talk to people. what do you like it? I know what you've been doing is like, oh, yeah, yes. we talk big battles. well, I think, I think the guests might be arriving is pretty soon. actually, special guests. is that? that's them, right? that's them right now. that's exciting. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna get the door for him, uh? and then, Oh, see, they've got a lot of input, I think, about tonight's episode. so hopefully we learn some cool things here. yeah. can't wait. so, Jenna, who was the worst step for you? mr. king, can you hear me at all? yeah, I don't have much of a voice normally. I'm feeling talkative tonight. uh, yeah. hey, I'm the night's king. mini recap. see over you had to go to the bathroom, so you said you guys could interview me just as well. yeah, what's up? I'm coming in tonight's episode, big battle, you know what I'm talking about? me versus Johnny and Danny. yeah, that's my prediction. I mean, you you have the numbers for sure. oh, yeah. can I ask you a question? what do you do to prepare for like hmm, excellent question. thank you. a future zombie warrior. you know, the key thing when you're going into a big game or a big battle, you know you got it, you gotta have the preparation. we've got the playbook going down. we do practice seven days a week, basically. 24/7 is basically practice. we've got a good team. that's what it's about, building a new team. you've got the best zombie forwards. we got Wildings. you got a 90 Watchmen. we got everyone from hardhome. they're all cool. we got a bunch of horses. got a couple Giants. those the big, big sluggers, big hitters coming in, pinch hitters, Germany elephants. yeah, we actually do. don't tell Cersei this, Lucy, but I found an elephant. just a pisser, I don't care. let me find one. so I went all the way across to the Narrow Sea. II over there, went to Pentos. I was like, yo, pentose, give me. I got an elephant. yeah, only the one, and you treat them a giant for it. pregame meal. like, what are you? oh, man, yeah. well, do we eat mostly just snow, actually, just ice and snow. snow cones. yeah, we actually got that Jeff. you haven't seen him yet, really on the field mode. she's always sort of the background, next to me. he's gonna hand me the spear. he's our white Walker. chef, yeah. snow cones, mmm, snow snow popsicles, ice popsicles, snow pancakes. just takes up snow, and you you know, yeah, a little little ice syrup, it's amazing. nice. yeah. yeah. the other thing that's important to stay loose. stay loose before a big battle. we take ice baths. drink some ice cold. brewskies, nice. we like brewskis up there. Cheers. yeah. rookies. now, you know, don't want to drink before, no, of course not. that's why you can't drink. okay, drink. yeah. well, I think the nineteen, I think you have to get out of here now. you gotta go prepare for your big battle tonight. it's trip. I'll be there. you got 44 Network you guys gonna see me. I'm gonna be up there. I'm gonna be sword in hand. oh, don't forget, I'm driving that dragon. that's the big surprise. it's gonna be, gonna be good. well, I hope you don't, oh, man, it was. it was nicer than I expected. yeah, yeah, have a lot of good tips. a little more relatable. yeah, hey, what'd I miss? did I come? didn't? I can come. yeah. oh, man. I can't believe I missed him. he was real quick in and out of there. yeah. he's a big battle or something. I don't know. yeah, he does. he's got to start walking. it's taken him eight seasons to like, get from the north to winter. oh, so good. nothing. they should have a spin-off show about, like, what took him so long. you know, there are definitely a lot of like, screen cyclists, right? yeah. imagine hunting for snow pancakes. you told me about that on the way out. he was like, you already had some pancakes, huh? yeah. so that was exciting. maybe need drinks. Johnny white Walker, that's his only drink? Johnny white Walker, yeah, uh, sponsored by potentially, not actually, we're not actually sponsored by Johnny white Walker. I don't know what the legal yes or not. I need a lawyer. if you're a lawyer, I need you to an agent and work this all out. so, yeah, that was pretty exciting. what do you guys think? is it? is this a half-hour episode? should we go as we go? 25 more minutes. take you guys ready? finale? no, we're gonna call it now. we've got some, we got some preparation to do too. over here. I'm excited to the episode. any final words? your final predictions? total, uh, John still alive. count Johnson. Oh, alive. a lot of tears coming out of these guys. pretty soon she'll be a lot of action. I'm excited for the pivot from the first two episodes as true. let's get going. this is, this is, this is the big one here. this is one. it's a hundred and twenty minutes. so, yeah, I'm ready guys. thank you so much for joining us tonight. a little live pre-show here with the man of recaps. Game of Thrones, season 8, episode 3, coming right now. Battle of Winterfell. catch you later. I need to figure out catch a different sign-off phrase. my welcome phrase, I say welcome to the man 