Hello Ladies and Gentlemen, this is another episode of Cinema Summary And, let's talk about something in particular: Forrest Gump. An extremely quotable film. Inspiring, yet, tear-jerking. Based on the novel of the same name, it stars Tom Hanks, as the titular Forrest Gump-- a mentally impaired renaissance man. Equal parts heartwarming and heart breaking, hilarious and horrific, a period piece and yet so resonant with contemporary culture. Forrest can run fast, but if you're pressed for time--here's Forrest Gump: Gump: In 1981, Forrest Gump recounts his life story to strangers who sit next to him on a bench in Savannah, Georgia. On his first day of school in 1950s Greenbow, Alabama, Forrest meets a girl named Jenny Curran who, unlike the other children, immediately befriends young Forrest. Due to leg braces fitted to correct a curved spine, Forrest is unable to walk properly. One day, a young truck driver stays at the boarding house that Forrest lives in with his mother. The young truck driver turns out to be Elvis Presley who, while playing guitar for him, becomes enthralled at the jerky hip thrusting movements the hobbled Forrest makes while trying to dance. Later on, Elvis becomes famous by imitating the dance. The Theatrical adaptation of Forrest Gump does away with some parts that were included in the book. In fact, Robert Zemeckis did this deliberately: in the original book, Forrest Gump was looked down upon far more harshly, even by his mother. The perspective and outlook upon Forrest was changed. In Zemeckis\xe2\x80\x99s mind, this change from negative to positive beget more changes, especially in regards to the realism of the movie. If one thing changed severely, this would in turn have a domino effect on the characters and setting of the film. Thus we have two somewhat different stories today. Forrest is often bullied because of his physical disability and marginal intelligence. One day, while trying to escape some bullies chasing him, his braces fall off revealing the young Forrest to be a very fast runner. Despite his low intelligence quotient, Forrest's new running ability leads to him receiving a football scholarship to the University of Alabama in the early 1960s, becoming a top running back, being named on the All-American team, and meeting President John F. Kennedy. After his college graduation, he enlists in the US Army, where he befriends a fellow soldier named Bubba, who convinces Forrest to go into the shrimping business with him when the war is over. In 1967, they are sent to Vietnam and, during an ambush, Bubba is killed in action. Forrest saves many of his platoon, including his Lieutenant, Dan Taylor, who loses both his legs. Forrest is awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroism. While Forrest is in recovery for a gunshot wound to his buttocks received while saving his platoon-mates, he discovers a talent for ping pong. He becomes a ping pong celebrity and plays competitively against Chinese teams in ping pong diplomacy. At an anti-war rally in Washington, D.C., Forrest briefly reunites with Jenny, who has been living a hippie lifestyle. While in D.C. in 1972, Forrest meets president Richard Nixon and is put up in the Watergate hotel, where he accidentally reveals the Watergate scandal, ultimately forcing Nixon to resign. The story of Forrest Gump is a \xe2\x80\x98been there, shaped history\xe2\x80\x99. With Forrest Gump being a completely fictional character BUT the events he is involved with are true. Except for the Bubba Gump Shrimping business which became real after the movie was released. There are \xe2\x80\x98artistic liberties\xe2\x80\x99 taken in regards to certain events but\xe2\x80\xa6 overall it is historically accurate in the same way that buckshot hits the bullseye: within historical authenticity with inaccuracies taken that do not entirely affect history to be too incredibly and wildly inaccurate. Returning home, Forrest endorses a company that makes ping pong paddles. He uses the earnings to buy a shrimping boat, fulfilling his promise to Bubba. Taylor joins Forrest in 1974, and although they initially have little success, after their boat becomes the only one to survive Hurricane Carmen, they pull in huge amounts of shrimp. They use their income to purchase a fleet of shrimp boats. Dan invests the money in Apple Computer(which Forrest naively thinks is "some kind of fruit company") and Forrest is financially secure for the rest of his life, but gives half of his earnings to Bubba's family. He then returns home to see his mother's last days. One of the perhaps stranger things that was cut out of the book was a section of the story wherein Forrest becomes an astronaut and crash lands on the moon. Whilst there, he meets an ape called Sue, and together they return back to earth crash landing in a jungle, filled with cannibals. What also changes is the ending. Whereas the film ostensibly has the shrimping business be late middle and penultimate part of the film, the creation of the shrimping business is actually the ending to the original book. In the late 1970s, Jenny returns to visit Forrest and he soon proposes to her. She declines, but slips into his bedroom and makes love to him that night before leaving early the next morning. Heartbroken, Forrest elects to go for a run. He decides to keep running across the country several times, over three and a half years, becoming famous in the process. In the present, Forrest reveals that he is waiting at the bus stop because he received a letter from Jenny who, having seen him run on televison, asked him to visit her. Reunited with Jenny, she introduces him to his son, named Forrest Gump, Jr. Jenny tells Forrest she is sick with an unknown virus. The three move back to Greenbow, Alabama. Jenny and Forrest finally marry but she dies a year later. The movie ends as Forrest and his son await the school bus on Forrest Jr.'s first day of school. 