welcome back. today, i am recapping the movie tag, 2015. movie two school buses are shown. as the movie tag starts, there were some students. one of the students names was mitsuko. she is writing something in her diary. her friends satirize her, you are always busy writing. why are you not amusing with us? concentrating on them, her pen is dropped down. she bends herself to pick up the pen. meantime, a sharp thing appears and cuts the metal body of both buses dot as a result, other students go away from this world forever straightening her. mitsuko is shocked to see what happened. she was bent down, so saved, but she is very frightened, and she starts running. coming out of the bus, that fast thing was the fast wind, which was bisecting everyone. wind also blows after her, and mitsuko begins to run fastly. while running, she observes four girls. she says to them, bend yourself so that you may survive. but wind finishes three of the girls, among them before their understanding. and mitsuko saves one of the girls. then they encounter the girls riding on bicycles, and they also want to save them, but the wind also cuts them before they save them. dot, at the same time, that girl also meets her fate. mitsuko begins to run to and fro after being scared. reaching the bank of a stream, she washes her hands and mouth covered with blood. there were already many lying students there, which had become the victim of the wind. she changes her dress. dot, in the next scene, it is shown that mitsuko reaches a school. while walking, there are also many other girl students. their uniform was different from mitsukos. that it means they were not the school fellows of mitsuko. a girl comes to mitsuko there. she asks what's up. actually, she was her close friend. but mitsuko inquiries, are you really my close friend? because she was not getting what is happening here. it is shown that mitsuko and her close friend have a close association with each other. suddenly, a gust of wind came along, and mitsuko goes into the school building in fear. her close friend was not understanding anything as to what is going on. she asks mitsuko, why are you behaving mysteriously? what is wrong with you? mitsuko tells her, i don't know either it was my dream or reality, but i am evident that gust of wind has sliced apart all the girls hearing it. her close friend brings her near the window. she says, waving her hand outside, it is just a gust of wind, nothing else. the wind is blowing routine wise.mitsuko's is cooled down, thinking, it may only be my dream. afterward, mitsuko's close friend takes her other two friends, and she plans to skip the class. their teacher approaches there as they are coming outside the class. she observes them, but they all four run from there quickly, and their teacher is left behind. they run to a lake. mitsuko's friend reveals mitsuko's dream to other friends. point one of the girls runs away. she says, it may be true. it is like a mirror world where the contrary happening occurs compared to this real world. saying it she throws a rock into the lake. shea says, look, i have thrown the rock here that it is quite possible that i have not thrown it in another world. suddenly, it is shown that alligator engulfs one of the girls. but that friend says, look, i had already told you, what is happening here cannot occur in another world. and it cannot happen in this world what is happening in another world. dot. so she has been engulfed in another world by the alligator. look, she is secure here. and it was just our imagination that a couch is also shown near that lake. those girls begin to play with pillows, lifting them from there. then it also comes on the scene that two girls are watching them, standing at a distance. point one is bridal. actually, those girls had married each other. then one of the friends tells, we will have to do something as such, which is unfeasible in another world, because our fate has been penned down and we only can change it. then they come back to school, and they move to take the next class. mitsuko observes a placed pillow on the floor while taking the class. she bends down to lift it. meanwhile, their teacher starts firing on the whole class. lifting the pillow, she looks up, but all her classmates are ended here. she had survived once again, as she had dreamt. mitsuko's teacher comes to her and says, how dare you skip the class? now? you will be no more. but her remaining two friends also come there along with it, and they escape rescuing her. but the teacher also kills those two friends. mitsuko runs outside with the rest of the survived students, but school teachers were continuously firing on them. the wind sliced apart the other survived students as they come outside from there, mitsuko had again been left alone here. afterward, she runs to a crowded place, then moves to the police station. she is revealing everything there. when the law police officer hears this account, then she says, you have not worn the student uniform. she shows her mirror. mitsuko has converted into a different girl, and people were identifying her with another name, not mitsuko that it is shown here. that her wedding is going to be held. the same lady police officer takes her for her marriage, and the people were congratulating her in the surroundings. reaching the church, mitsuko's close friend is also present there. mitsuko asks her what is going on. she says, keep quiet. we are under the control of someone.do as i want to say you to do. saying it, she makes her put on her bridal dress. she says, goes now. mitsuko goes ahead with the marriage ceremony. then all girls start mocking mitsuko, her close friend, begins to kill everyone one by one, dot but all the girls do not stop threatening her. there is a box in place of her groom. as she proceeds that, a horrible pig comes outside with the opening of the box. being scared, mitsuko attacks it with a broken bottle. then mitsuko and her close friend run outside the church. here, two girls also block their way. but mitsuko's close friend escapes after ending them. and mitsuko comes to the other location. looking into the mirror while walking, she finds that she had again converted into a different girl. there is racing. some of the girls come to her. they say, identifying her with another name, that you are the best athlete. why are you not racing? she feels the extra power of running as she starts racing. she tries hard to win the race. here, she also witnesses her late friends, who had been ended in the school. and her close friend also approaches there. they notice, while racing, those ladies who had blocked their way at the church coming towards them. athletics say to them, go away from here. leave this world. she reaches a dark point while racing. there are some of the students wearing uniforms. they come to mitsuko and say, we are dead and will also kill you. but mitsuko's friend arrives there and says, don't be entrapped in the clutches of these girls. repeat your real name again and again. meantime, her close friend comes and begins to call her mitsuko. mitsuko, she comes to her real appearance of mitsuko. along with it, her close friend shows her the stuck wires on her hand. with it, she requests, pulls my wires so that i may come out from this world. but mitsuko was afraid that she may not be dead while pulling the wires, being associated with her. she was not willing to pull her wires. but she pulls the wires on the insistence of her close friend. dot at the same time, her close friend is sliced apart. then she notices a gate coming out from there. she observes that she stepped into the men's world. there are her posters, which are being seen by some of the boys. that a boy comes to her and says, you are in the future. hearing it, she loses her consciousness, coming into their senses. she moves forward. she observes an old man playing a game in a room, and she notices the same characters in that game which she has performed. that old man says, i have made this game and i am controlling all of you. you had been killed a time ago, but i created you again taking your dna. mitsuko thinks that she may return to her own world after knowing about this game. then a man calls mitsuko to him. coming there. the old man says, go and complete the game's final stage. and mitsuko goes to him. as being frightened, she recalls the sad word of her friend, along with it, that you will come out from this game while doing the incredible thing here, which is unfeasible in another world. and she chokes that old man. she says, stops playing with us. picking the stick of that old man, she stabs it into her abdomen. consequently, she is dead. and the old man had no idea of mitsuko's doings. done in this way, her fate had taken a new turn. she was no more in this game, but she was alive in the real world. then it is shown that games characters also kill themselves in some way, now they were no longer part of the game. then mitsuko is shown lying in a frosty place. she had come back into the real world, and everything was ended here. she was completely secure. and the movie also completes with it. the movie ends here. thank you for watching. 