a film with the participation of bradley cooper and lady gaga, pulling in the audiences to a journey of love and music with much happiness, but no less grim. jackson, jack main a famous country rock singer, privately battles an alcohol and a drug addiction. and plays a concert. his main support is bobby, his manager and older half brother. after the show, jack goes out for drinks and visits drag bar, where he witnesses a tribute performance to edith pf by ali kampana, who works as a waitress and a singer-songwriter. jack is amazed by her performance, and they spend the night talking to each other, where ali discloses to him her unsuccessful efforts in pursuing a professional music career. ally shares with jack some lyrics that she has been working on, and jack tells ali she is a talented songwriter and should perform her own material. jack invites ali to his next show, and despite her initial refusal, she attends, and, with jack's encouragement, sings shallow on stage with him. jack invites ally to go on tour with him, and they form a romantic relationship in arizona. ally and jack visit the ranch where jack grew up and where his father is buried, only to find that bobby had sold the land and it was converted to a wind farm. angered at his betrayal, jack punches bobby, who subsequently quits as his manager. before doing so, bobby reveals that he did inform jack about the sale, but jack was too inebriated to notice. while on tour, ally meets res, a record producer who offers her a contract. although visibly bothered, jack still supports her decision. rez refocuses ali away from country music and towards pop. jack misses one of ali's performances after he passes out drunk in public. he recovers at the home of his best friend, george noodle stone, and later makes up with ally. there, he proposes to ally with an impromptu ring made up from a loop of a guitar string. and they are married that same day at a church ministered by a relative of noodles. during ali's performance on saturday night, live, bobby reconciles with jack, and later ali and an inebriated jack have a fight about ali's growing artistic success. jack drunkedly criticizes ally's new image and her music. her success appears to be outpacing his own recent decline in popularity by comparison. ali is nominated for three grammy awards. at the grammys, a visibly intoxicated jack performs in a tribute to roy orbison, and later in the evening, allie wins the best new artist award. when she goes up on stage to receive her award, a still-inebriated jack staggers up to her where he publicly wets himself and passes out. allie's father, lorenzo, berates a semi-conscious jack, while ali attempts to help jack sober up. jack joins a rehabilitation program. shortly thereafter, jack recovers in rehab for about two months, where he discloses to his counselor that he attempted suicide when he was 13 years old. he also mentions that he has hearing problems due to tinnitus, which has been getting worse. jack tearfully apologizes to ali for his behavior. ally asked rez to bring jack to perform with her on the european tour, and rez refuses, prompting ally to cancel the remainder of the tour so she can care for jack. while returning home, jack admits to bobby that it was him he idolized and not their father. later, res arrives at their home to await for ally. while waiting, res confronts jack and accuses him of nearly ruining aly's career, and stating that jack will certainly relapse again. that evening, ally lies to jack and tells him that her record label has canceled her tour so she can focus on her second album. jack promises that he will come to her concert that night, but after ally leaves, he hangs himself in their garage. ally, grief stricken and inconsolable after jack's suicide, is visited by bobby, who tells her that the suicide was jack's own fault and not hers. the closing scenes reveal a flashback of jack working on a song about his love for ally, which he never finished writing. ally sings this song as a tribute to jack, introducing herself for the first time as ali maine. the film ends with a close-up of ali looking up at the heavens 