listen. so there's a lot of Christmas movies on Netflix, some with sequels, some with series, some that are lying about their staff. but there was one that caught my attention, one that popped its way to the top because it had exactly what I've been looking for. let me explain. so Vanessa is a baker who gets accepted into this Royal baking competition where the winner not only gets a prize, but gets to make the cake for the royal wedding. however, she doesn't want to go because it's almost Christmas and she's still acting all depressed because her ex dumped her. maybe it's time to move on. I talk about not breaking free. she goes out to the city where this magical guru lets her know the ending of the movie, but then runs into her ex, who's clearly moved on. I'm sure Paul mentioned me. actually, no, he didn't. was he supposed to do? I know some girls who get peeved if the barista gets their name wrong. imagine your ex nura lysing you out of his mind, and you met his mama. she decides to take out the competition because it could be the start of something new. they fly over land in Whoville, where she sees the same dude who knows the future, and meets the competition who she went to school with. they knew I had Talent. oh yeah, like when you sauce professor Kendall's berries. she's on her way to get another pan when what in the parents trip. you'll this casting is fantastic. I love how at no point in the thirteen hour flight that she even look up with the famous princess who she was competing for. it look like. but after they both realized he look like Vanessa Hudgens, they just go their separate ways. Corbin twos daughter then asked her daddy why him and Vanessa have not had a thing, and he pretty much just goes. and so Princeton, Vanessa's maid breaks down to them how they're actually long distant cousins, fled the country after a dalliance with a vulgar American divorcee. you're calling my Nana. I hope I won't be you. I won't just switch places with you. get out. I love how they're never touching, like we've all seen those doppelganger tutorials on YouTube that shows you how to do it yourself. so it's funny when a feature film is following those exact same rules of not crossing the line. I'm not saying I'm expecting an enemy or anything like that, but a Prometheus would have been cool. watch me. I'll do the fingering. after getting a quick look at the body. double fake princes. Vanessa gets a glimpse of her new fake husband, bad accent and all. no, no, not at all. you seem to keep standing at it. oh, I I have a lazy eye. I like the hallmark of every corny movie in my lifetime. you know, other things are bound to get switched as well. you're in love with Edward and you're in love with Kevin. this wasn't supposed to happen. the princess falls in love with the Baker because he's way more down-to-earth, and she's way more chill. the Baker falls in love with the prince, who she teaches to help those in need by buying presents. but then mark Rylan's 2.0 keeps popping up because he has a hunch that something fishy is going on. and, well, he does come off as annoying, right? he's supposed to be like the comedic part of it. he keeps getting the bad end of the stick. like this guy's just doing his job. he is the princes right-hand man. so you kind of need people like him, or else, you know, people get Ned. Stark. the original two are able to make it back for the competition, which they not only win the award for, but as they're getting it presented to them, I already got you, they break down what's going on to their mates and princes. Vanessa pretty much confesses our undying affection to her boob. I suppose I found out I'm just a normal girl, and normal girls, they fall in love with normal boys. that's one way of calling him an extraordinary the real Vanessa, for whatever reason, the science to dip, even though a royal prince is asking for her hand. I can't let you, Jesus Stacy. Stacy, wait. and just like the boys act, this prince rushes after her. and if winning the gold medal wasn't enough, yeah, they they decide to work this out. Vanessa ends up getting her own shop. these two end up together. and in the biggest twist of events, it turns out that the Royal baking competition she won ended up paying for her own wedding. so she practically designed her own wedding cake. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm Pierce. know your thoughts. I actually had a whole list of, like, Christmas movies that people had recommended me, like nostalgic ones, and I was gonna do it, hear us out with it, but I didn't have enough time since I was traveling. but there's a bunch that I want to do for next year, maybe a bunch of like, and I'll taking the holidays into accounts and kind of like what I did with the hocus pocus one. so if there's any Christmas ones, you got a whole year to recommend until next year. better than that, I got a couple of other videos that I may be working on right now that I'll be sending out. Pearson, are your thoughts on this? any other ones for the end of the year, for 2018, that you want me to cover? as we get into the new year, I have a whole top ten coming, a whole, pretty much 2018 breakdown that's coming this way. but I'm here to know your thoughts. what's the best Christmas show movie on Netflix? that other one? I know a lot of people be talking about this one right here. I saw it. it's okay. I'm not gonna make a let me explain on it, even though some people asked, cuz, honestly, I think that the most interesting part about it is how Netflix has just been straight up lying about the numbers that it's bringing in. but and efflux, you do what you got to do confusion. are your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a copy of spring breakers. 