welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and the question of Wilfred or one-foot has finally been answered. the eighth entry in season one comes with a number of big reveals that we definitely need to talk about. throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down everything you need to know about the latest episode, it's ending and where things could be heading. now, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, that I highly recommend that you check out now. please drop a thumbs up if you've been enjoying the breakdown so far. and don't forget to subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. without the way, thank you for clicking this. let's get to our breakdown of snowpiercer, episode 8. ok. so as always, we get a cold opening to kick start the show. this time it's through the eyes of one of our favorite characters, which is Ruth. she cleans up the first-class carriage and sings wilford's praises whilst sparkling the cutlery. being born with a silver spoon is often seen as a sign of wealth, and I think this has been purposely put here to show that she pretty much cleans up after the rich. Ruth has clearly always wanted power, and in this episode, it actually seems attainable in some ways. as we know, she boarded the train by herself after being hired on the spot by Wilfred. and thus he saved her life, even if he forced her into a role of servitude. we know the person she worships isn't really Wilfred, but she has an almost religious view of the character, and hopes that she gets to meet him one day, much like how people hope they get to meet God. she has, of course, met him before, but that's how it's phrased in the entry, and it really shows her thinking towards Wilfred. there's some bitter irony here, as Melanie is actually the one that's pretty much done everything Ruth is praising Wilfred for. and as we know from last week, she's staging an insurrection. we have said that Ruth likely suspects Melanie is Wilfred, but she can't bring herself to accept it, and thus lives with an almost blind devotion that he's right, all-powerful. and just speaking of insurrection 'z we also watch his miles sneaks through the car at the front where the drivers and engineers are based. this episode is very much about revolutions, and he signals LJ to go to the front. last time, Leighton gave her a job. and we start to see what this is first hand. now I love that the password is either rich as this is a catch phrase that's been laced throughout the show. it adds to the subtext of the revolution, and basically means that once the poor starvin of, they will turn on the rich and eat them. the phrase originates from jean-jacques Rousseau and has been adapted for several revolutions and uprisings, lending itself well here. algea, of course, has complete disregard for life on the train, as she's pretty much lived above it and never struggled. because of this, she's wanted to bring things crashing down, as she cannot see the value in life, and to her, everything is a game. she doesn't even realize the phrase either riches referring to her, and it's just happy with the chaos. we also see a picture of Melanie's daughter, and we learned that Melanie's daughter and parents were supposed to get on board the train, but they didn't make it, and this died, miles recounts how his parents didn't either, and that Josie is his train, mum. yikes. we also hear Ruth utter the words, these are his revolutions. and though she means it in the sense of the Train revolving around the earth, we know that it also refers to the tale. and third, planning to overthrow the first class and crew. we see this first hand as all of the group, including best, ride the troops together. I was actually surprised at how quickly the revolution came about. but it needed to happen fast, because the walls were closing in on Layton. best goes to see jin-joo, and she seems angered that Bess has been helping Layton. however, best flips things round and gets jin-joo to pretty much confess that she knew about Melanie. Jinju chooses the Train, aka the society that exists on board it, because she's had a very good life. it's difficult to want a fairer society when you benefited from it not being and as we've said throughout our breakdowns, Bess very much represents someone coming from the bottom who's seen firsthand how bad things could be. initially, prejudice and her position of power and authority corrupted her, but through first-hand experience with Layton, she's realized that the Talese were people too, even though the front demonized them. speaking of the front, Ruth is called into the Folgers cabin where they inform her that melanie is actually Wilfred, and that he isn't even on the train. we slowly learn in the episode that it could be dead. but there is an alternate that is making the rounds now shouts to superhero Nexus, who have been speaking to back and forth over the last couple of weeks about the show. he's recently done a video discussing the best theories on it. and in snowpiercer law is actually another trend called ice breaker, which is a wilford vessel that he could be aboard. the show actually takes place between the graphic novel and movie, and in the source material it's revealed as another train. so it is possible that he's still alive on that. or they could have just curled the middleman and killed Sean Bean before he even got a chance to be in the show. however, as this is part of the continuity of the film, we do know that he will eventually be around. so there has to be some way that he comes back. anyway, that's just a theory. it might turn out to be untrue, but let me know your thoughts. below. Melanie is called to the front for a hearing where they say that they've heard Wilfred is not with them. and this comes as a huge gut punch. as Melanie doesn't get him out the draw, we know that he's likely not riding on board the train. and this the the theory that I've just mentioned, does gain a lot more weight. initially, Melanie denies the accusations of her taking over from him. the LJ shows a photograph of her daughter, and this she's reprimanded. this sends her train into uproar, and third and tail make their move. and I have to say that this is one of the most engaging snowpiercer episodes so far. and the pacing is absolutely perfect. you really get a sense of there being a war on board. and the showrunners have done an excellent job of conveying this. Melanie is locked up, and she does the old, I have something in a drawer that I just just need to get now turn you back. now, through this, she alerts the drivers in the front, and Bennett orders happy to share everything down before commander gray can get to them. how he doesn't, as he doesn't want to get killed when the doors eventually open and there's a Bennett has to lock himself in the driver cabin with just miles. now, how he's saying that Wilford is dead might signify that he indeed is. however, as we know, the show is in the overall continuity, so he's likely somewhere else. Ruth goes into the quote-unquote, engine room and has a complete breakdown, realizing that she's been made to look like a right bloody mug. Ruth is pretty harsh on herself, but to be fair, Melanie did fool everyone. instead of letting everything come crashing down, gray and Ruth decided they should be the ones to lead the Train. and this sort of ties into the Adam and Eve aesthetic that was laced throughout the ending of the movie, that featured a male and female character going on to create humanity once more outside the train. and the religious motif is present throughout the work, learning itself once more. here we also see the tale. and third signaled their revolution with the use of a red flag. according to chambers cyclop\xc3\xa6dia, a red flag is the opposite to a white one, which means surrender. and since the 17th century, red has been used as a sign of defiance and a signal bow. I really appreciate it. CCA, and it's nice to see a pop up asbestos courts. latent to the tale. they also beat up the guard that be a blatant earlier in the season, and even heads up the Train later. little little seven Easter Egg there, I think. now, Lane gives a speech that would make Bill Pullman and Independence Day proud, and they head out. however, the brakeman catch the paper maker. it looks like things are gonna come crashing down, until best manages to convince them, otherwise they realize they've been sold a lion, Melanie, and that first know the truth too, and have a chance to really upset the order. now, in the door room, order, he goes to Henry, and they bring this sleeping soldiers out of suspension. these were put into the drawers all the way back in episode one, and I don't see. I'm sorry guys, but I'd completely forgotten about you. they were placed up top for a reason, and it's good to see them being brought out this and finally, used Ruth goes to see Melanie, and she's completely devastated. as with all catfish reveals, she realizes her life has been a lie this entire time. but Melanie comes out with some pretty big news, namely, that she was the one behind the great arc. now we did know that Melanie designed it, but it also seems that she's being pretty much running the entire thing anyway, whilst Wilfred just kind of viewed it as something to throw money at, whilst he never really believed in it, Melanie reveals that she dumped Wilfred years ago in order to save everyone. and though she does say she left him to die, the fact that this wasn't confirmed does leave a lot of things open. as we know, there are sooo that allow you to survive in the wilderness, and there is potentially another train out there. a still really can't see Sean Bean being cast in the role just for that 3 second voice cameo. so I really do think that he'll either be bunker down somewhere or abort icebreaker, and currently traveling the world snow, PSA is really snot what you think. and gross, Jennifer. what? wait, be a nose man. what's wrong with you? now in the draw room, they wake up strong boy, who was initially a mute before he went into it, but he's now able to speak Mandarin. underneath the carriages, the army charges the tale, and they get impaled with this spear shooter. great rise a PSA movement. but he stopped by artist from the tale that used the balcony in the night car to kill them. it's an excellent action scene that has latent darling predator brights as he fights through the carriage. absolutely loved one-shot action scenes, and here it's used to great effect to make for a brilliant battle. now, you might remember at the start of the season that Layton was actually the one that gave command a great score. so seeing the two go head-to-head is a really, really good moment. gray kills someone in front of Layton, and I really can't wait to see where their rivalry goes. they managed to take the night car, but just as it seems they're making some headway, they're forced to fall back. we also get a big twist when we learned that Trevor from GTA has been taken out of a draw by the first and they pile him with luxuries before asking him to sell out Layton. he clearly bears a grudge after being forced into the draws, and it's an awesome way to close things out. he kind of feel like Layton, even if he manages to get control of the Train, won't know what to do with it. and yeah, there's already a lot of people against him. it might even get to a point where they have to free Melanie and get her on their side, as she knows the inner workings of it, and as we've seen, she's one of the only people that can fix it. I love how there's now sort of three sides, with there being the tail first, and Melanie actually thinks she will come out of things looking good. and who knows, the new first class who might be destroyed, leaving room for her to come in and seize power once more. anyway, this was the best episode, of my opinion, and it completely flew by. but obviously loved hear your thoughts on the show. and what you want to see in the last two episodes. come on below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our breakdown of the series so far, just in case you've missed anything. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you, and it's a thank you. you get access to content early. we want to come chat you. so after the show, either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the disk or link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep it a date with the channel. so hopefully we see over there very soon. you 