[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition, and it's time to break down the second movie of the air that's about the rock fighting with family. Hobson short is out for wide release, and throughout this video, I'll be discussing everything that you need to know about the film and its ending. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't seen the movie yet and don't want anything ruined, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for click in this video. now let's get into my breakdown of Hobbs. and sure we follow Hobbs, a huge man who's able to rock-bottom someone and lay the smackdown on anyone that doesn't know their role. and sure, a man who can kick the cap off the top of a bottle and is an inspiration for bald people who think that they look like him if they shave their heads. you should shave your head, Larry, it'll make you look like Jason Statham. it never does. anyway. after mi6 agent Hattie Shaw is forced to inject herself with the virus that can be programmed to kill certain people, we get a tail a family that takes a few twists and turns Hattie is Shaw's sister who's also sure. and she was forced to become a carrier of the disease named snowflake after coming face to face with Brixton law, a superhuman that has synthetic implants and is able to tear through agents like they're nothing. Brixton, played by Idris Elba, is an awesome addition to the franchise, and his superhuman enhancements make him one of the most formidable villains in the series so far. he's lethal one-on-one, and the protagonists really have to outthink a lot of the situations with him that they find themselves in. outdone by Hattie injecting herself with snowflake, Brixton frames the character and forces her to go on the run, which is when hops ensure assigned to work with one another in order to track her down. we get some incredible cameos, including Kevin Hart, who shows up throughout the film and lets you know that the bromance between him and the rock still lives on, because they're, you guessed it, family. in the film, we learn that the virus was created by a shadowy organization named Etienne, who wished to kill a vast majority of the world's population because they believe that they are weak at Aeon. have control of the media and several agents at their disposal, of which they used to make life difficult for Hobbes and Shore. they initially try to recruit sure through Brixton, but he shot him and left him for dead, which forced the group to resurrect him with machinery. after contacting the professor that created the disease, they learned that the virus can be extracted from Hattie with a special device located at the ATM Factory. and the group then traveled to Russia to get it. as you can imagine, things don't go according to plan, and the device gets the fast and furious treatment. realizing that they need to fix this device, Hobbs suggests that they return to his home in Samoa to reunite with his family, because this is all about family. and together, he and his brother, along with the Shaw siblings, make a stand against Brixton and the forces of Etienne. the movie really kicks it up a notch here, and the classic fast and furious themes are laced throughout this section, alongside the ass-kicking action that you've come to expect from the franchise. whilst this story isn't going to win any Oscars, it's still fun being along for the ride. and it can't be overstated how well the rock and Statham's performances both drive the plot along at pace that feels engaging and enjoyable. it was awesome seeing Cliff Curtis here, and it really ramps the movie up from here. the device is repaired, and they use it to slowly extract the virus from Hattie. however, they're not out of the woods yet, and Brixton arrives and captures her, which pretty much puts a ticking clock on ahead the Hobbs lot. and sure give chase. and this is a really heart pounding moment that ramps up the tension of the film in an awesome way. Hopson sure go head-to-head with Brixton, who up until this point has seemed pretty unstoppable. however, they realized that, though he's lethal one-on-one, his attacks tend to leave him open when facing two or more people. the two work together, solidifying their friendship. no, scratch that, Pham ship, and they manage to take him down, though sure say that you will spare the character because he's killed him once before and refuses to do it again. it looks like everyone is gonna get a happy ending, until Brixton is decommissioned by the shadowy figure that's been behind Etienne this and time. whilst we never see who this is, he's clearly a voice from Hobbes's past, as he says, you don't remember me, do you? it also looks like he's got plans for the three as well, as he says they outperform their analytics. and I think that going forward, whoever this is, could potentially capture one of the three and fit them with the same cybernetics that brixton had, and thus they will be able to control the character. and potentially the characters could end up going head to head. now, whilst we don't have a clear indicator of who exactly this is, due to the voice distortion on it, I did some detective work, and after looking on IMDB, I saw that the voice actor was listed as champ nightingale. this is clearly a pseudonym. and a quick google search of this name brings up a troll Amazon review that was written by none other than Ryan Reynolds. Reynolds used the moniker to write a fake review on his own gin company. and the actor, of course, features earlier in the movie, so it would make sense for him to show up once more as a new big bat. going forward, they will definitely want to keep him around. and I think it sort of ties the movie together really well. it makes sense that Reynolds would handpick Hobbes for the mission so that he could keep an eye on him. and this kind of ties back to the analytics line later in the film. agent Locke, who Reynolds plays, pops up in two of the post-credits scenes, and in both he's desperate to recruit Hobbes. his obsession with him really enforces for me that he was the voice behind the entire thing, and I definitely want to see this developed in the future. now on to the post credits scenes. and Wiles have already discussed the two which revolve around agent lark trying to recruit Hobbs once more. the other two also set up things for the future. Hobbs returns home to introduce his daughter to the rest of the family, and it seems like in future films, they could be helping out once more. and the shores return to prison to bust their mother out of it. clearly she will be in future films - and it looks like we are due for a big shore family reunion in the next Batson Furious film. and now on to my review. so as I'm sure you can guess, Hobbs and Shore is a blast from start to finish. we are so deep into the Fast &amp; Furious franchise, and somehow the series is still coming up with ways to reinvent itself, which is always awesome to see. the film is pretty predictable, but there's still so much to enjoy here that you don't really mind watching at all play out. Hobson sure an excellent team up movie that smartly sets up a sequel and shells a direction that the films could be heading in down the line. Hobson sure is a worthy spin-off to The Fast and the Furious franchise, and that's why it gets an 8 out of 10. obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on the film. and if you want to see more from the to comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and make sure that you subscribe to the channel for more breakdowns like this every day. if you want something else to watch after this, then make sure you check out my full breakdown of all of the deleted scenes from Avengers endgame, which would be linked at the end. I show every scene that we have so far and discuss why it was cut. so it's definitely worth watching. if you want to know more, if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. I also just want to let you know that we're currently giving away a free copy of Avengers endgame on blu-ray to one lucky winner. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Hobson's short in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random on August the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then. whoever gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 