detective recapped here. today i'm going to explain a crime thriller film called leon the professional spoilers ahead, watch out and take care. in a restaurant in little italy, two men discuss a target. the man smoking a cigarette, laid down a photo of the man he once dead, along with the details on when he'll be in the city. the other one, clad in black and wearing circular sunglasses, says he'll take care of it. he finishes his glass of milk and leaves the restaurant. in a hotel lobby, mr jones walks up to the elevator with a dozen or so bodyguards covering him. he gets to the hotel room and meets with a woman. moments later, mr jones receives a call from one of his men in the lobby. the man in black holds a gun to his face. he shoots him, alerting mr jones over the phone with the sound of a gunshot, he calls up his men and tells them to get ready. the men take their positions and begin to wait on the elevator as it goes up the building. the elevator doors open, and jones's men start unloading on the figure that appeared. after the haze of bullets and gun smoke had dissipated, they realized they were just shooting at the corpse of one of their men. jones's men retreat from the door and make preparations to escape. one of his men investigates the elevator, but he finds nothing there. when he heard the sound of gunshots going off, he moves to the staircase. as he leaned forward on the rails, the man in black suddenly pulls on his tie, then tosses him over, and he plummets to his death. the entire struggle was witnessed by another one of jones's men through the security cameras. and he starts searching for the assassin. just then a hatch from the ceiling pops open and a noose comes down to strangle the man to death. meanwhile, mr jones tries to make his escape. with only three men left, he orders them to check the terrace. they follow his orders, leaving mr jones inside. suddenly, a metal door drops down at the terrace entrance. mr jones starts feeling terrified for his life, even more so when he hears gunshots from the terrorists. mr jones retreats further in the rooms to take more guns and a telephone. desperate mr jones calls the police and backs up into a closet. from the shadows, leon, the assassin appears with a knife pointed at mr jones's throat. even with a police officer on the line, mr jones is forced to hang the phone up. leon pulls out a piece of paper and instructs mr jones to dial the number written on it. when he does, a man tells him to stay off their territory and never come back. he reminds leon to make sure that jones understands before letting him go. leon leaves, and jones lives another day before going home. leon drops by at the store and buys two cartons of milk. on his way up the stairs, he sees a 12-year-old girl smoking a cigarette. leon asks about the bruise on her cheek, and she makes up an excuse about falling off her bike. as leon goes inside, three men walk out of the girl's apartment door. stan, the ringleader, faces the end of the hallway listening to music, while the others talk with the girl's father. they mention a 10 discrepancy in the batch of drugs, which the girl's father denies having any knowledge over. one of the men says that stan doesn't like being disturbed while listening to music, but he'll have to disturb him if he doesn't tell the truth. still, the father insists that he didn't take it, causing stan to be interrupted. the boss looks over glaring menacingly at the father. he bizarrely approaches him, then sniffs him before lovingly caressing him. finally, stan says that of course he didn't. he simply asks him to find out who did. by noon tomorrow. the two men go downstairs, leaving the father terrified. leon watches the exchange from a hole within his apartment door. the following day, the girl matilda passes by leon in the hallway. again, leon hands her a napkin because her nose was bleeding from when her sister hit her that morning. when matilda asks leon if life was always that hard, leon says, it is. matilda then offers to buy leon milk when she goes to the grocery store. meanwhile, at matilda's apartment, stan and his men return with more people and guns. they bust open the apartment door and kill matilda's family. when matilda returns, she finds her father dead on the floor with one of stan's men by the door. she tries to keep calm and walks further towards leon's door. having seen everything that happened, leon lets her in. back in her apartment, one of stan's men, mackie, notices their family photo, and when he realizes that there are three kids, he immediately orders the men to search for matilda. but when stan and his goons find the missing drugs, they leave the apartment. matilda, now under the care of leon, finds out that he is a hitman. she tries to convince him to kill her family's murderers, but leon refuses. instead, matilda suggests that he should teach her how to be a hitman. he tries to decline at first, but matilda insists that he made her his responsibility by saving her life. with that, leon moves to a hotel to keep her safe, and he finally agrees to teach her the basics. later on, leon and matilda go to a building rooftop to learn how to use the rifle. he explains that beginners start with a rifle because it's the weapon where you'd be farthest from the client. leon shows matilda how to use the gun and gives her a couple of pointers to remember. they first practice by hitting people at the park with a paint gun. he lets her choose any target, but reminds her, no women, no kids. matilda sets her sight on a man with a bright tracksuit, then takes her shot. it hits the man on the stomach, and the seven men around him react immediately, covering him with their guns. out surprised that matilda chose a big weight by accident, leon decides that it's enough practice for today. time passes with leon and matilda growing accustomed to living together. leon trains matilda daily while she helps out with daily chores. one day, matilda complains that all they do is train, so she dresses up and impersonates a few celebrities, which leon has to guess. as their bond grows, leon starts feeling parental towards matilda. later, leon meets with his friend and employer, tony to ask for the money he's been holding for him since leon couldn't read before. he let tony handle his money without questioning him. but things have changed now, and leon wants some of his money to help matilda out. tony promises to give him his earnings later. than proceeds to tell him about a new job back at the hotel. matilda tells leon she might be falling in love with him. leon waves it off and leaves to do his job. meanwhile, matilda decides to go out as well. she goes to the lobby, then gives the receptionist a dull greeting. when the receptionist mistakes leon for her father, matilda decides to slyly drop a bomb on him, saying that leon isn't her father, he's her lover. she then abruptly leaves. matilda goes back to her old home where her family was killed. she takes some of her things and a hefty wad of cash hidden beneath the floorboards. just then stan shows up, along with a few other police officers. matilda hides and listens to stan make up a story about what happened there. she hails a cab detail stand to the dea office, where she discovers that stan is a corrupt cop. later, in their hotel room, leon drops in and presents matilda with a gift. he bought her a dress but matilda ignores him. just then, the receptionist, along with other hotel staff, knocks on leon's door. because of what matilda told him. the hotel receptionist kicks them both out, forcing them to change their lodgings again. leon is mad at matilda now, but she only takes out her 20 grand then gives him stan's name and location. leon refuses and tries to convince matilda to let go of her vendetta, but she says that she couldn't do that, not after what they did to her family at a restaurant. leon introduces matilda to tony and tells him that she is his new partner. tony is weirded out at first, but decides to go along with it. he assigns a new job to leon, and this time it's a job for him and matilda to do together. their target is just one man in a loan apartment. the two arrive at the man's front door, and leon uses a piece of gum to cover the peeping hole. he then shows matilda how to locate the chain before telling her to convince the man to come out. the moment the door opens, leon cuts the chain and breaks in. he inserts his gun's barrel into the man's mouth and tells him that if it leaves his mouth, he shoots. while leon takes care of the man, matilda spots a bunch of drugs sitting on a table. leon directs the man against a window, then tells matilda to get her gun out and assemble it, letting her shoot him with a paintball. the man is left terrified and confused as he watches leon teaching the child. leon then tells matilda that she has to make two shots, the first to disorient the person and the second to kill he tells her to put the gun away as he shoots the man dead himself. with their first job done, the two celebrate and go for dinner at a restaurant. leonid and matilda continue to do several more jobs together using the same trick with the gum. in one such job, their client anticipated their trick and began spraying a machine gun at the front door. fortunately, leon reacts just in time to move matilda away from the reign of bullets. he then shows matilda the ring trick. leon takes out a grenade and throws it inside, killing the man with the machine gun. what's left of the grenade was a pin in the shape of a ring with how fleeting leon's dangerous life is. he later tells tony to give matilda his money should anything ever happen to him. he goes back to the apartment to get his gear, then leaves to do a job, telling matilda that he needs time alone. matilda goes out on her own and stalks stand back in the dea office. she manages to slip inside and follow him into a bathroom. matilda inspects the area, only to find that she's alone. suddenly, the bathroom door closes and stan appears from behind the door. he intimidates matilda, trying to figure out who she's working for, then realizes that she has a vendetta against him. he maliciously tells her that he takes no joy in taking life from those who don't want to live. stan asks her if she wants to live. and when matilda says that she does, stan poises to kill her. before he could, one of his men enters and reports that mackie is dead. maggie was making a deal with some chinese drug dealers when a professional killer suddenly moved in and took everyone out. but before he did. the killer said, no women, no kids. matilda instantly identifies the killer as leon, who seemed to have changed his mind and decided to get rid of the people who killed matilda's family. when stan hears this, he leaves and orders his men to take matilda to his office. meanwhile, leon returns to their hotel room, only to find matilda gone with a note saying she left to kill stan in the dea office. leon rushes out to go after her. at the office, matilda is being guarded by two of stan's men. they inspect her things and find several firearms and even some pizza. just then the um barges annan immediately shoots the two guards down, with matilda freed. the two quickly returned to their hotel room. matilda tries to seduce leon, wearing the dress that he gave her, but leon, of course, doesn't fall for it, knowing it might offend her if he told her she's too young. he ends up telling his story instead. he fell in love a long time ago when he was young. the girl's father wanted to keep them apart, but his daughter snuck out to meet with leon. anyway, one night, the father shot his own daughter and got jail time for two days. on the third day, the father got out, and leon waited for him to kill him. after committing the crime, leon went on a boat to the states to meet with his own father, who was working with tony. after finishing his story, leon explains that he wouldn't be a good lover for her. finally, matilda lets it go, on the condition that leon sleeps on the bed with her, since he's always sleeping on a chair. the following day, leon wakes up alarmed. he isn't used to letting his guard down, after all. matilda calms him down, then gets ready to leave for groceries. before she goes, leon asks her about their door code, to which matilda answers with two knocks, one knock, then two again. with matilda gone, leon stays in bed, beginning to relax and enjoy himself for once. after shopping, matilda makes her way back to the hotel, only to be taken by several swat team members. they're armed to the teeth and with every intention of sending leon to his death. they asked matilda if leon is alone. they then ask her if she has the keys to their door and if they have a secret code. despite how dear the situation is, matilda manages to show them the wrong code to give leon a warning. once there, the cops break the door down to move inside the hotel room. leon has propped himself up the ceiling, then shut the door, trapping and killing several men without ever being seen. afterward, the swat team sends in another handful of man, and leon successfully ambushes them. he hangs from above, shooting down the man in the hallway until leon eventually gets hit on the shoulder with at least a dozen men dead. stan calls in everyone in the force. the remaining swat members are hiding in the corner, and they peek over to check for their target. leon manages to take one of them hostage, then starts demanding to get matilda back. when leon gets matilda back, they retreat to their hotel room, but not without shooting the water pipe above the ceiling, obscuring the men's vision. leon leaves the swat hostage by the door, underneath the cover of the gushing water. when the door closes, the swap members rain down bullets on the door, even killing one of their own men. leona and matilda take cover from the snipers at the window. then make their way into the bathroom. leon uses an axe to break open a hole in a ventilator shaft, then pushes matilda in. when matilda realizes that leon won't fit, she grows frantic. she cries about not wanting to leave without him, without not wanting to lose him. leon holds matilda close, cupping her cheeks and embracing her. he tells her that he wants to live, and promises her that when all this is over, he'll leave with her and it'll be just the two of them. leon tells matilda that he loves her, and she says that she loves him too. calmer now, matilda proceeds down the ventilator, knowing that he might never see matilda again. leon lets out a scream. at that moment, the swat team shoots a missile into leon's apartment. after the smoke had cleared out, the swat team enters the apartment. suddenly, leon is dressed in swat uniform and raises his hand, pretending to be one of them. the men call out to help leon and carry him out of the building. there were over 200 swat members between the apartment and the building. exit. leon sits down for a bit and lets the medical team examine him. once the medic left, leon makes his escape. stan catches sight of him leaving, so he immediately follows. now outside the building, leon finds an underpass to slip into. but before he could truly escape, stan shoots him from the back. knowing he won't live through this, leon pulls the ring trick. he handstand the ring from the grenade pin and tells him that it's from matilda. he then opens up leon's vest and finds half a dozen grenades. the explosion kills both leon and stan. later on, matilda goes to take leon's money from tony. despite his promise, tony refuses, claiming that matilda's too young for that amount of money. he refuses to give her a job too. with just a couple thousand dollars to her name, matilda leaves and returns to her former school. the headmistress speaks with matilda and tells her she'll do her best to help her. matilda goes out to the boarding school's yard and plants leon's beloved plant underneath a large tree. i think we'll be okay here, leon, she says to herself, subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. [Music]. 