hello movie fans, and welcome back to another full movie recap with movie reveals. in today's video, we're going to break down the utterly original supernatural horror movie called hellraiser. warning guys, spoiler alert. yes, i'm afraid. i'm going to spill the beans about what the movie is about, including all the best gory bits, of which there are many. but that's half the fun with my recaps. you know that already at least you can then decide whether you want to watch the whole movie or not. if you like good horror, with a touch of the supernatural and lots of blood, of course, and this movie will definitely please. now, before i start with a recap, i just want to say the hellraiser is one of the most gruesome, visually horrific fantasy films you will ever see. written and directed by clive barker. the film is a relentless, unflinching foray into another world of monsters, murder and the supernatural. now for the recap, and by the way, feel free to comment below. also, don't forget to share some love by smashing the like button. the film starts off in morocco with a man named frank cotton, who purchases an antique puzzle box, which is rumored that, when solved, spirits will come that will deliver ecstasy and pleasure beyond imagination. frank, believing this, purchases the box from a chinese dealer who tells him, take it. it's yours. it always was. frank takes the box back to his home and prepares to solve it, lighting candles around where he is sitting in an attic. as he forms different parts of the box, light comes through the walls and eventually to frank's shock, hooks fly out and grab frank's skin. he is then torn apart by a sadistic demon race known as the cenobites. after frank has been ripped to pieces, a group of cenobytes appear to survey the scene. the leader of the group observes frank's remains and then closes the puzzle box. the room then returns to its original state, as if nothing happened. many years later, larry, frank's brother, and his wife julia, go to look at the family house. it seems to have been passed down to him as his mother has passed. as a bit of background, julia had an affair with frank, but chose to marry larry. when larry and julia walk in the house, they find it to be a mess, and julia is not impressed. larry goes to look at the kitchen, but finds maggots there. and julia walks upstairs into a room that she sees is trashed. larry discovers that frank was there and assumes he has made one of his famous getaways. suddenly, the phone rings, and it's larry's daughter, kirsty. but she's not julia's daughter because her mother died years ago and larry remarried. meanwhile, julia finds pictures of frank and all the women he had shared romantic encounters with. larry wants kirsty to see the house, but kirsty has already got a room to stay at. julia takes the pictures of frank and puts them in her pocket and comes out and agrees to move in. larry says, great. will move in on sunday. when sunday comes, the removal men and larry are bringing a heavy mattress into the house, while julia is unpacking stuff in another room. the removal men stop as julia comes out and asks, have you got any beer? julia tells them there's some in the fridge. larry sarcastically says, well, why don't i get it? i've got nothing better to do. julia walks up the stairs and the men begin to stare at her from behind. percy is walking to the house to have a look. when she arrives there, she greets her dad, larry, and he tells her to be nice to julia because she hates moving. kirsty goes to make some coffee in the kitchen. juliet is looking at a photo of frank, and water spills out of the tap in the kitchen, and julia is recapping her last encounter with frank. in the flashback scene, it's poor and rain and frank is at the door asking julia to let him in. frank asks for towel and states he came for the wedding. julia lets him in and says he's very welcome. he says, you have a towel? and cursey says, have you got a towel? which immediately brings julia to her senses. julius says, there's one in the bathroom. percy tries to be friendly to julia. but juliet is not interested in starts recapping more moments with frank. it shows them having sex. meanwhile, larry is pushing the mattress up the stairs, and a nail is sticking out of the wall. larry's hand wipes right across it and cuts him. larry walks into the attic where julia is and is bleeding. blood is dripping on the floor. apparently larry hates seeing his own blood. julius says it will need stitches, so they go to the doctors to get it stitched. percy comes with them. the blood that dripped on the floor seems to have woken something ghastly. in the next scene, we see something underneath the floorboards that sucks the blood through and slowly transforms and grows into a skinless body. it appears that frank is back to life. in the night, kirsty, julia, larry, a young guy called steve and some friends are having a dinner party. julia shortly excuses herself and says she's going to bed. she walks up the stairs again and appears to want more memories of her and frank. she discovers some rat guts on the floor in the attic. and suddenly frank grabs her and says, don't look at me. and juliet is very scared, not knowing it's frank. frank says, we is and explains that the blood on the floor brought him back, and says he needs more. kirsty, having drunk a bit too much, comes up the stairs to use the bathroom. that is when she bumps into julia at the top of the stairs. after some uncomfortable stairs between them both and wish each other good night. later, kirsty and steve start walking down the street, where kersey briefly exchanges glances with a [ __ ] that makes her uneasy. she recomposes herself and sue. she and steve are talking about him being too polite and reserved. he says he is not always polite. they then start kissing. in the next scene, we see that larry is asleep, but juliet is sitting next to him, awake. she goes to the attic and says to frank, yes, i will, meaning she will help him get better by getting him more blood. meanwhile, kirsty is dreaming, and there appears to be a bed full of blood and kirsty pulls the sheet off it and sees her father with blood on his face and screams. she wakes up in the middle of the night. steve goes to ask her if she is all right. she said, i was dreaming. she then calls larry. larry answers the phone and explains to kersey that he's all right. he says, you sleep well. i love you, sweetie. meanwhile, frank is at the top of the stairs, listening to everything, and says, kirsty in an evil and lecherous tone. the next day, julia heads out to what appears to be a bar. she looks as attractive as she can. a man approaches her and says, not much fun is it drinking alone? julia says, not much he invites her to have a drink with him. julia agrees and takes him to her house. the man can't stop kissing her and says, you're very beautiful. julia tells him to come upstairs with her. he come upstairs and is somewhat puzzled that there's no bed in the attic. julia asks him to take his clothes off. as he strips down to his underwear, julia locks the door. he says he has to go to the toilet. and makes it to the door. julia grabs a hammer and hits him over the head with it. he shouts, please. he falls to the floor and has a broken jaw. frank crawls over to the man and starts to get in his blood, while julia goes into the bathroom. she cleans herself up. larry arrives back home and calls for julia. he knocks on the bathroom door. julia lies and says she feels sick. she asks larry to get her a brandy and says she'll be down in a minute. she goes back into the attic, and frank is looking better. he says, i'm hurting. my nerves are beginning to work again. he believes that another body or two will be needed. julius says, not again. frank tells her that he needs her to so the cenobites won't be able to follow and he wants to get away from there. larry calls for julia again. julia tells him to put on some music. meanwhile, kirsty is working a pet shop, and a demanding customer wants to see the manager kirsty sees the same [ __ ] coming in. he heads to a cage, and then he starts to eat insects. to her disgust, she says, you get out of here. he leaves, but not before staring back at her with haunting eyes. steve comes up to kirsty and asks if anything is wrong. percy says, something weird. julie brings her second victim to the house, and frank gets his blood and flesh. frank can now taste. he has a cigarette. after julia demands an explanation, as promised, frank shows where the puzzle box and explains what happened. julius sees visions of frank being torn apart by the cenobites and is shocked. frank says, i'm going to live, and you're going to help me, yes? julie says, yes. they'll never find us, not in the whole wide world. later, larry and julia are watching the boxing on tv. larry is shocked that it's not making julie sick, because it usually does. julia says, i've seen worse. suddenly, frank starts banging on the wall, which gets the attention of larry julia says she left a window open upstairs. larry goes to check along with julia. julie tries to stop him and says it's nothing. she distracts him by kissing him. and they go into their room and get on the bed. frank comes in and, using a knife, cuts a rat's body in half. julie says, please don't. i can't take it. frank walks back into the attic. larry thinks he's done something wrong and can't understand why she's sulking. he walks out of the room, much to julia's relief. kirsty and larry are at a restaurant having something to drink. larry tells kirsty his concerns about julia. he asks kirsty to stop by and try to be friends with her, and kirsty agrees. meanwhile, frank is wanting another body, more specifically larry's julie says no. so frank says, then find me somebody else before they come looking. now julie brings a man into her house. at the same time, kirsty is at the end of the street and sees the man walking into the house with julia. the man walks in and says he gets lonely sometimes. julia takes him upstairs and into the attic, and he is puzzled about what's going on. he says, what is this a game? he sees frank, and he holds julia so frank can't get him. frank pushes julia out of the way and takes the man's flesh and blood. percy walks into the house and walks upstairs, until her shock sees frank feeding off the man. frank tries to grab kirsty and says, cursey, it's frank, it's uncle frank. you remember come to daddy. percy goes into the attic and tells him not to touch her. hursty then punches through his stomach, causing him to fall and grabs the puzzle box. when kirsty sees that the item holds value to him, she throws it out the window and runs as fast as she can out of the house and into the street. we see her walking along the pavement in an almost delirious state, while clutching onto the puzzle box. kirsty then faints. people surround her to see if she is okay, and then we see her waking up in a hospital bed, while a nurse is sitting in the room with her. as she wakes up, she wants to call her father, but the doctor insists she gets back into bed. he shows her the puzzle box, and kirsty has no memory of how she got to the hospital. the doctor leaves the puzzle box on the table and walks out. kirsty is unable to get out of the hospital room. she decides to play with the puzzle box and forms different sides of it. suddenly, the wall opens up. she walks through it and finds a cenobite creature. the creature chases her, and she narrowly manages to make it back to the hospital. the cenobites appear, and one of them puts his fingers into kirstie's mouth. the lead center by pinhead, says, the box you opened, it became kirsty doesn't know what's going on and asks them who they are. pinhead says that they are explorers in the further regions of experience. kirstie says it was a mistake and she didn't mean to open it. the lead cenobite says that she has to come with them now and taste their pleasures. hursty explains that frank has escaped them. they don't believe her at first, but when cursey says, i can lead you to him, and you can take him back instead of me, pinhead wants to hear him confess himself. but if cursey betrays them, he says, will tear your soul apart. meanwhile, julia is afraid that kersey is going to tell larry everything. julia wants to just leave, but frank wants a new skin. julia agrees to help him get the skin from larry. larry arrives home, and julius says, i don't know where to begin. it's best you see for yourself. meanwhile, kirsty has managed to get out of the hospital, and steve is looking for her. kirsty runs back home and knock on the door, saying, daddy, it's me. it's kirsty. let me in. julia answers the door and lets cursey in. percy runs to who she believes to be her father and hugs him. she explains that frank is upstairs and wants to kill him, pretending to be larry. frank says that frank is dead now, and said he had to put him out of his misery. kirsty wants to see the dead body, so julia takes her upstairs and into the attic to see it. hursty is disgusted by it. suddenly, the cenobites appear and say, we want the man who did this. percy runs out of the room and down the stairs. julia blocks her way. frank says, what's the matter? kirsty says that they need to get out of here now. frank says, stay with us. we can all be happy here. he then says, come to daddy. suddenly, with that phrase, kersey knows it's frank now, frank gets a knife and goes to stab kirsty, but stabs julia as kirsty breaks free. he then says, nothing personal, babe, and kills her. hershey runs up the stairs and hides. franco's looking for her. she hides in a cupboard, and a dead corpse spits maggots out on cursey's hand. percy then comes out and starts crying. frank sees her and gets his knife ready. kirsty leads him into the attic. she is upset about her father being dead. frank said, everything's all right? frank's here, your dear, old uncle, frank. the cena bites here, then block his way out. they appear and confront him. frank tries to lie, but the female cenobyte says, we had to hear it from your own lips. pinhead says to kirsty, this isn't for your eyes. frank tries to stab kirsty for setting him up, but hope grabs his hand, and another grabs his other hand. hundreds of hooks cut through his flesh and stretches body out. he says, jesus wept. then is torn apart as if he exploded. percy makes a run for it, but the cenobites want to get her as well. so kirsty gets the puzzle box and pinhead says, stop. we have such sites to show you. rearranging the puzzle box, she sends into hell. she then sends the rest to hell. in the house is starting a collapse. seat comes to get her, and they both get out of the house just in time. in the next scene, she throws the puzzle box into the fire. as the house burns down, the same tram from earlier walks into the fire, obtains the puzzle box and stands there engulfed in flames. strangely, he turns into a dragonlike creature. it then flies away with the box. the end shows another customer wanting to buy the puzzle box, and the chinese dealer says, what's your pleasure, sir? the end. hope you enjoyed watching this movie recap. make sure to subscribe, and don't forget to hit the notification button. it might not seem like much, but it really helps us out with the algorithm and allows more people to find our videos. thanks for watching, and see you again soon. 