hi everybody. today i want to recap erotic thriller movie called knock, knock. hope you enjoy. architect and happily married man, evan weber, has the house to himself and his dog monkey on father's day weekend, due to work in a physical therapy appointment for a shoulder injury, while his wife and children go on a family planned beach trip. his wife, karen, a successful artist, leaves their assistant, lewis, in charge of her sculpture that needs to be moved to an art gallery for her show. say goodbye to monkey. bye monkey. daddy. don't forget to send all your party pics on instagram. i love you. thank you. i love you guys. at night, two women knock on evan's door during a rainstorm. they introduce themselves as genesis and belle. soaking wet, they tell him they are looking for the address of a party as their phone is not working. evan allows them in to dry off and use the internet to get hold of the party's host. he gives them robes so they can dry their clothes in his dryer. the girls make themselves at home and flirt with evan, while he orders an uber for them and plays a few of his old vinyl records from his days as a dj. they then disappear to the bathroom. when their driver arrives, evan brings them their clothes and finds them nude. he tries to convince them to leave, but as they start forcing themselves upon him, he gives in and has a threesome with them. happy father's day. [Music]. the next morning, evan finds out that his wife's sculpture has been vandalized by the girls. when evan threatens to call the police, the girls claim they are underage. vivian, a friend of karen's, stops by to see if evan needs help seeing genesis. vivian angrily leaves. when evan threatens to report a break-in, they give in and agree to be taken home. he then returns home, cleans the mess the girls have made and tries to go back to his work. just as he is getting closer to completing his project, he hears a shattering noise. when he stoops to pick up a broken picture frame of his family, genesis knocks him out with one of his wife's sculptures. while he unconscious, they tied him to his bed, and bell climbs onto him in an attempt to arouse him, while role-playing as a schoolgirl in his daughter's school uniform. evan initially refuses, but the girls threaten to facetime his wife with him unless he agrees to do what they demand. bell rapes him, while genesis records everything, calling him a pedophile, [ __ ] [ __ ], like it was last night. however, evan breaks free and knocks bell to the floor. he charges at genesis, but she stabs him with a fork. she and bell tie him to a chair with an electrical cord. lewis arrives to collect the sculpture and finds evan, but before he can help him, he hears the girls smashing the vandalized sculpture. he runs to stop them, but then has an asthma attack and realizes they have taken his inhaler. as he tries to get it back, he slips on a piece of the sculpture, hits his head while falling and dies. the giggling girls turn lewis's corpse into a red sculpture and dig a makeshift grave in the backyard for evan. they also use both evans and lewis's phones to text and make it look like lewis discovered that evan had an affair with lewis's wife, and because of this, was murdered by evan. the sadistic girls trash the house, torment and torture evan, cut his hair and force him to play hide and seek. [Music] when genesis and bell begin trying to find evan, he escapes from the house, only to be stopped and held at gunpoint by genesis. [Music] the girls tell him that they have killed other men and announced that he will die at dawn. at dawn, they tie evan up with a hose, bury him in the hole, leaving only his head above ground, and tell him they will crush his skull with a large stone. you. [ __ ], harsh, knock, knock. who's there? cheating? evan, she didn't even who. cheating eventually gets you killed. ready? evan? [Music], it misses his head by inches. and the girls, laughing hysterically, then revealed that the entire ordeal was merely a game, as they never intended to kill evan, nor are either of them underage, and that everything they did was part of a wicked hobby of seducing, victimizing and ruining the homes of married men with children. genesis shows evan the video she recorded earlier with his phone of bell raping him, as evan watches on. she uploads it to his facebook profile. they depart for another victim and take monkey with them, leaving evan to his fate. karen and the kids arrived to find the house ruined. [Music]. evan's son jake, says, daddy had a party. thanks for watching. consider to subscribe and see you again in the next video. 