I've never anything like it. you don't know you were there. it was, he, he it was beautiful. what's up everybody? welcome back from watching Twin Peaks to return part 9. we got a lot to talk about this week. I'm just waiting on Greg. he's just a couple minutes, but I got coming. he's broken. is he okay? no, he's really not. take a look. whoa. all right. um, be sure to subscribe to see if Greg ever gets his mind back. and we also do a lot of great TV breakdowns, right? Ryan, yeah. in fact, let's just get to the lively conversation about part 9 right now. yeah. let's see. [Music]. okay, so we had a lot of converging plot lines this week. going back to last week, we were trying to figure out what fit together where. but now a lot of stuff got connected. yeah. plot moving forward. not another party. it all over again, exactly. so we've got mr. Cooper coming together with a few plot lines. we've got more on dougie, and plenty happened in Twin Peaks finally. first off, mr. Cooper connects with hutch, played by Tim Roth. and we finally seen. and now, of course, we can confirm that Tim Roth is not playing Phillip Jeffries and Rebecca shantel as well. we finally learned that Cooper was controlling Duncan Todd in Vegas. I have to admit that something I was somewhat skeptical about. I had these feelings last week, like the style of Lynch's storytelling of the Cooper character was so close to what he was doing, that the relationship with Todd, to the mysterious guy, was totally different from that. like the storytelling. there wasn't a clear through line though, where there was of everything else that he was doing. but now we have official confirmation that mr. Cooper was control his controlling Todd. yes, yes, he asked hot if he did something for him, but we don't know what that is. we're assuming that he's off the dougie hit case, which sounds like it was reassigned to Chantal and Hutch I guess right. I think you've lost faith after several failed attempts on the Todd side. so that suggests that he's got Todd onto another assignment, and we don't know what that is. yeah. is that also Chantal sent off mr. Cooper with the nice bag of cheetos, which i think is really even better than a goodbye kiss. yeah, I totally loved that touch. you should just, you know, swab we pulled over pocket and affectionately places it in his hand. it's great. it's delicious. good moment. and in a scary twist, we find out mr. Cooper is communicating with Diane dun, dun, dun. he sends her a text message. it says, around the dinner table, the conversation is lively. what could that mean? not sure what that means, but the fact that he's messaging her is a little bit scary. I mean, she's definitely had a lot of, like, kind of a mean attitude so far, but now don't feel sinister the possibility that she could be actually in with Cooper. how long have they been communicating? that's a good question. she was clearly waiting for that message to come through. and her performance, maybe now we can call it a performance, at the jail was so thoroughly convincing and sincere that I wonder if it was something that didn't develop in the meantime, or if she actually is that much of a sinister actor. so the FBI has been connected at last with their Air Forces. major Briggs investigation that involves Bill Hastings. I think that Matthew Lillard was so good in this episode. I got, his performance is great, because he does freaked out so well. I mean, you can just see, like, that is perfect casting. zoinks. and then hasting describes what sounds like his attendance of major Briggs is murder in a parallel dimension, right? we find out all sorts of, like, kind of weird things now about Hastings. you know, prior to this we didn't know very much about him. we were hypothesizing that he was like a repeat of Leland Palmer, maybe. but now we know something quite different, that he's an enthusiast about other worlds and other dimensions, and has for some time, in trying to research these sorts of things of him and Routh, right? and they finally found what they were looking for. and also, the major, a cave of numbers started to float up, and he said some words, Cooper, Cooper, right before I said, disappeared. the other interesting thing though, about what he says is that when the majors had floated up and all of that stuff that he says, he indicates that there were a lot of people there as well. and so what could be? Woodsman, maybe. or if it's not woodsman, then that opens all kinds of doors that we don't know. another thing that I was sort of noticing during that sequence was that, in terms of the editing and cinematography, there was quite a lot of attention paid to Albert's reactions to what bill was saying. and it's, I've had this creeping feeling for a little while that maybe Albert ain't such a good guy anymore either. how could you say such a thing? it's just a mighty feeling that I have. you know, his earlier conversation, the the very blue conversation in part four, there seemed to be something going on there too. and I can't quite put my finger on it, but I kind of don't trust Albert right now. also, the FBI now has Dougie's wedding ring, and the connection hasn't quite been made yet, right? and this is part of these plot lines converging. you know, we've been waiting for these things to start to line up, and now that they have the wedding ring, they're that much closer to actually finding it exactly. but we're not there yet. yeah. this brings us to dougie. what's going on with dougie? our weekly check-in with dougie. sorry, guys. how long is it gonna dougie? who knows, who can tell. maybe, maybe, for the rest of the series. I would be authorized. I wouldn't be surprised. anyway, interesting parts of that flat line this week, the bumbling Fusco brothers actually finally do some good police work. they did. they have the brilliant idea to sneak out his coffee mug and go get prints. we're going to see how that develops. I'm going to pull the prints on the DNA off of that and see who do you think that they're going to get from it? is it going to be Dale Cooper? is it going to be dougie Jones? what do you think? I mean, the the good money is that it's Dale Cooper, right? that's what all signs point to. but then there could be another flip in here that we're not ready for. maybe he has old maybe all of his fingerprints are backwards. who knows? well, that we'll see. also, the Cisco's finally apprehended Ike the spike. they got him, and they made a nice joke of his call. yeah. once again, that's, you know, more of these plot lines converging. that now they have a live another life, person in custody who is connected through this, through the food chain - mr. Cooper, just getting that much closer. speaking of jelly, let's check in with Greg, see how he's doing. as Greg doing out there? well, at least he's staying hydrated. anyway, back to the plot, right? okay. so in fact, now there was something that maybe did shine a little ray of hope for Dale Cooper fans. he has a moment while he's sitting in the police waiting room where he's staring at the American flag. America the Beautiful is lately playing in the background. couldn't tell if it was playing for him in his head, or we're just hearing it. I was watching it, not totally sure. but then a woman walks in with red high-heeled shoes. totally takes his attention away from the flag. and as she's crossing, she passes an electrical socket, and that takes his attention back back to the electrical sockets again. are we getting closer to Dale Cooper? it feels like it. I hope so. but my personal concern is that this is just the sort of permanent state of Doug you know. and if anything, I think it's actually maybe likely that we're only going to see Doug II like this in the real world. and there's definitely going to be things happening in the other place as the season progresses, the the cops are getting the, the twin peaks' cops are getting closer to finding the entrance. mr. Cooper is getting closer to finding an entrance. I think eventually we might see Dale again in the other place, but maybe not ever again in the real world. and speaking of those red shoes, just to cut in, it might be a reference to Audrey, I'm hoping. I don't know, maybe. or it could be a reference to fire walk with me and that weird lady that shows up, and she's wearing all red, and she's also got the red shoes on. right? when Chet Desmond meets with Gordon Cole, there's a coded dance that his performance performed for the FBI agents that's supposed to give them information. as a side note, Mullins also talks about Dougie's car accident, and that's why people aren't weirded out. by the way, he's acting like he's got in a car accident before he started working there. so from time to time he gets a little Dougy, right, as we've been calling it. I like how we finally have explanation for why nobody is weirded out by his behavior. nobody's taken him to the hospital yet. he said that they would come and ask me about Special Agent Dale Cooper. now, sort of last in the string of plot lines, we have everything that's going on in Twin Peaks, and this week we got quite a lot to go on. the biggest thing, of course, is that Bobby Briggs, sheriff Truman and Hawk, I'll go to see Betty Briggs. and I think this is another one of the better scenes in the entire series. it's got a really heartwarming quality. it's very nostalgic. it's reminiscent of the diner scene with Bobby and major Briggs in the original series, that's also extremely heartwarming. but in terms of plot, some of the important things we learn are that, first of all, major Briggs knew that this day was going to come, and warned his wife 25 years ago, and gave her something to give to them and said, exactly who would be there? well, she didn't know it would be that sheriff Truman, right? and so she hands over a cylinder. and I think it almost sort of like typical Lynch fashion, they just take it and go have coffee. don't have any further conversation about it. what's that sound of coffee? all right, yeah. cherries also on mrs. bridges them the chair. if you're listening to the music, it sounds extremely similar to the original score from the original Twin Peaks, but it's not quite the same. we looked it up, and it's not the same exact song, but it sounds very familiar. Lynch again, playing with sort of echoes and characters and themes, which he always does it well. this is the chair. I can't believe this day has come. watch right here. later, they kicked out Chad from the conference room because he sucks. he's trying to eat lunch. but then they're trying to open the cylinder, and they go back outside again, which seems kind of weird. they could have just done this outside. but anyway, Bobby remembers how it opened, one of these crazy cigar cylinders, because his dad showed him once before. it just slams it on the ground, and then it opens up, right? and from that we get two very sort of cryptic pieces of paper, presumably the force from major brakes. yeah. the first page has instructions about going somewhere near Jackrabbits palace, which is something we find out as a location that Bobby and major Briggs went to when he was younger. besides that, we see the return of 253, both as expressed at time and also as distance. and we see a rendering of the alcove symbol above one of the Twin Peaks. and this, for the first time, I think, really does look quite a lot like the image on the ace of spades. those match completely like I I thought the ace of spades before, the little hook things were like, kind of small on antenna looking. but that particular rendering on that piece of paper is sort of almost an intermediate looks very similar to both. and I think maybe that more or less confirms that mr. Cooper is going for the same thing, and that's where we're all headed. and then we have the second page, and it has a series of number and letter codes broken by two instances of Cooper, or maybe two and a half. it says, Cooper, Cooper. kun to Cooper's. write it. there's definitely like the beginning of another Cooper on that piece of paper. but one of the cool things out of that scene is that we get Hawk saying to Cooper's. and that just sort of plants the seed, I think, that is going to continue in their investigation. yeah, so I said Cooper, Cooper. couid cut off. so do you think that it might be dougie who's the half Cooper? I like that idea, Doug, you sort of a half Cooper, really, that that could work. next, we got horns, lots of horns, four of them, and none of them are Audrey. Audrey watch 2017 continues, and she is nowhere to be seen. still, no Audrey. but we do get the return of mrs. Horne and Johnny Horne, who people may remember from the original series as being the slow member of the family. and here we see him running through the house and either knocking himself cold or killing himself perhaps. yes. Olivia's like, who let him out? so we don't know who let him out, but he's running. and then he hits a wall. we see frames fall on the ground, and we see a hole in the wall with some blood. it looks like he was breathing, though I think that he might be just he needs to go to the hospital, right? yeah, probably alive. but if he's not, some people have suggested that that might be what it takes to get Audrey back to Twin Peaks. so maybe sort of hoping that he's not well, I think she'd still be a good sister and show up at the hospitals as you think. we can hope Audrey come back. next we see Ben and Beverly, who continue to be puzzled by the sound and a Great Northern and I get a little bit too close for comfort and avoid beginning an affair. yeah. Ben, Shan is, she's a changed man. this is not the Ben we once knew. he would have been all over her, but now he is shown restraint. Ben has definitely changed. and then, most concerning Li, we find Jerry's still in the woods. how long has he been there? and now he has a problem with a vital appendage. yeah, so he's got a bad foot now, maybe like a really bad foot. and besides just the basic concerns of how is he going to get out of the woods with this problem. I'm thinking that foots got to go, and Jerry's going to be the one-legged man. that adds up. that feels real twin peaks' to me. I hope it's not true, but we could be going there. and then lastly, the episode closes out with two new characters at the Roadhouse. one of the two girls is Ella, and she's clearly strung on some drugs that are going around. and she's also got the grossest, most wicked rash that I've ever seen on TV. me. and she's working in food service, so that's really not cool for the town. yeah, we could see this rash spreading quite a bit, and it's very kind of almost David Cronenberg kind of feel to it. and that makes me think we might just be a couple episodes away from a full-blown Cronenberg situation. all right, so before we jump into some Easter eggs, let's check in with Greg. Greg boy, um, I'm really worried about Greg. me too. good luck, buddy. huh? let's talk on Easter eggs. how about that? okay, yes. so there was a lot of use of red in this episode. so I noticed there were many, many things that were red. let's run down all the red things. so we have a red handkerchief at the beginning with mr. Cooper. then we also had red mugs at the Vegas police station. then we have the women's red shoes. and then we have the red chair that Lucy and Andy buy on lime. then we have Lucy's outfit, which is also red. Sylvia's sweater is red in the scene where she's checking on Johnny. and then the chair in the Briggs house carrying the hidden message, also red. and then the Sun and the Crescent on major bridges note. and then lastly, the pendant hasting uses the circle and identify major Briggs is also red. so much red. what does it mean? I think you're supposed to notice them. and with all of that red stuff, oddly enough, no red balloons. this episode missed opportunity. really could have had a red balloon on the floor again and confuse us all with its presence. anyway, now, the next Easter Egg thing, I think is so freakin cool, because it's so freakin cool, yes, but apparently they went out and made Bill Hastings website that he talks about in his interrogation. yep. and it's geo cities as heck, because it's from the 90s. but anyway, if you take a look at this website, there's so much that you can dig into that we won't go through all the Easter eggs that are in there. maybe that's a different video, or maybe that's something you should find out yourself. but a few of the things that we did discover are that you can click into things and find videos. like if you click into his past blogs, what do we see? you there's static. yeah, there's a link that says, read my older writing. and you click on that, and it takes you for a moment - a fake 404 error page. and then it's like, statics out. and there's this continuous actual adding. I didn't get to the end of it, but it's basically a bunch of Twin Peaks music, stuff from the road house, stuff from Badalamenti, with the weird static and interstitial noises and things. and I'm sure people are going to find lots of stuff hidden in the sound there. it sounds like they're just playing the Twin Peaks the return soundtrack in it. it's also creeped me out, yes, oh yeah. it's creepy as heck. don't do it at night. yeah. there's also three sound files on the main page that you can listen to that are scratchy, electricity and vortex. and there's, I'm sure, stuff in there to look for - also, if you look the visitors number of changes every time you log on, it goes backwards and forwards. is this the future, or is this the past? there are a couple of interesting things though to pay attention to with regard to dates. now, the first thing is that it says that Bill Hastings hasn't been on this site since November 2015. and if we are in 2015 in the series, then that means that we're on September 29th. we're a few days away from October 1st and 2nd, which were in major Briggs's notes. but that means that Hastings is accessing that website a few months later, and we might have to see what happens there. he obviously would have gotten out of jail. yes. also, speaking of dates, you'll notice that the site was started in 1997, which was mentioned in the episode when they were talking about Dougie's history. so they only found things dating back to 1997, and that's when Dougie's entire history started to play out. so Dougie and Bill Hastings website were started at the same time. and one of the last things that are sort of hidden on that website is that there's some coordinates there. and the coordinates apparently go to somewhere that's actually in South Dakota. and apparently, at least if we go to Reddit, there is a brave reddit user named spooky 64 who is possibly actually going to go out to those coordinates and report back. Godspeed, spooky 64. yes, hopefully he doesn't get trapped in the other place, or report back on what you find in the other place. all right, let's move on to some viewer comments. what do people say in your last video? yeah, I would like to get back there and see what everyone else is thinking. Enrico Mazzoni on YouTube writes, I so wish the millionaire might be Martell. I mean, Catherine, that would be awesome. I totally love that idea. maybe we'll see the return of mr. toj' mora, no, don't even get me started on that. but it would leave your nineties. but don't do it again, please. next is a comment from Julian Ortega, who said, Dale will see Diane, and that will snap him out of his super Diane is the key. I don't know anymore. I mean, like, he predicted this before he saw this episode, right? but Diane is involved somehow with mr. Cooper. yeah, I wanted to believe that that would be the thing. people are saying it's either Diane or it's going to be Audrey. Audrey. now our concerns about Diane have ratcheted up a little bit, and I don't think that this is going to be the thing. what is she up to? lastly, we got a couple comments from Second Coming of fast on YouTube, who says, Andy is a doppelganger. you saw it here first. sure, uh, you know, hold it possible. I think it's a joke, but I think it's also fair to say that it could be any anything. is probably is past. his second comment was, Audrey Horne, current madam of one-eyed jacks. you saw it here first. know, that I think is more applause, pretty likely. I mean, I have the feeling that she's been away from Twin Peaks. but if she hasn't been, the sort of unturned stone right now is one-eyed jacks? yes. all right. well, thanks. for your comments. make sure to leave some new ones for us below and any questions you have. and before we go, let's check in with Greg one last time. okay, well, we we don't know where Greg went. no, but if you want to find out if we get Greg back, or if Audria will be here in part 10, find out next week, you have to come back. and always, you can hit us up on Twitter. our handles are in the description. or check out these videos. there's other videos. see ya. 