welcome back to movion. today i'm going to explain the movie called journey to the west, conquering the demons, from 2013. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. and i hope you enjoy the video. at the beginning of the movie, we saw a village beside the river. a little girl was playing on the boat. her father also came there. he told his daughter not to come this close to the river, or the water demon would come and get you. after hearing this, the little girl was staring at the river quietly. suddenly, her father came out of the water to scare her. the girl started to cry since she was so scared. to make her laugh, the man did some strange moves in the water. but then suddenly something killed the man very brutally. after that, we saw a father, and he killed a giant fish in the river. and he was claiming that he had killed the water demon. then we saw a boy named juwen. he is the main character of this movie. duan was a demon hunter. duan told the villagers that the father didn't kill the water demon. this is just an ordinary giant fish. the water demon is still in the river. but the villagers didn't believe him at all. since the physical appearance of zhuen was so ugly and gross, the father told the villagers that this ugly girl is an insult to me, so you must hang him with a rope. so the villagers hanged him with a rope. after that, they jumped into the river and started to swim. they were not scared of the water demon, since they thought the father had killed it. suddenly, zhu 1 noticed the water demon and it was coming towards the villagers who were swimming in the river. zhu one screamed and told them to get out of the river. but they didn't listen to him. the water demon came there and attacked the villagers. the demon killed so many villagers, and the survivors immediately came out of the river. zhuen asked them to act like dead bodies so that the water demon wouldn't eat them. zhu wen wanted to help the villagers because he was kind-hearted, even though he was a demon hunter. and this time the villagers listened to him and acted like dead bodies. but then we noticed that the little girl was running towards her mom. the water demon got the little girl with his tentacles. the villagers tried to save her, but still, the water demon ate her. her mom jumped into the water to kill the water demon, but the water demon also killed her. after that, the water demon tried to kill a baby, but zhu one saved the baby. finally, the villagers and a fat woman were able to take the water demon out of the water. suddenly, the water demon became a human. zhu one sang the buddha's nursery rhyme to control the water demon. but the demon was not in his control, and he started to beat ju1. suddenly, a girl named juan came there. she was also a demon hunter, but she was so cruel, and she never showed mercy towards anyone. juan beat the hell out of the water demon and turned him into a doll with her magical powers. after seeing this, the villagers thanked her. juan asked juwen about himself. zhu wen introduced himself and said that i'm also a demon hunter. and he showed the nursery rhyme book of the buddha. juan laughed at him and showed him the magical bengals. after that, juan left the village. juwon went to a senior and told him about the water demon. but his senior already knew everything. he told him that once the water demon was so kind hearted. one day the water demon saved a drowning baby. but the villagers thought that the water demon was trying to capture the baby. that's why the villagers killed the water demon and threw his dead body into the river. and from then on, the water demon became evil. zhu one asked a senior if the nursery rhyme was powerful or not. his senior said, yes, of course this is so powerful because any evil demon can turn into a good demon with the help of this rhyme. zhu one said, i want to kill all of the demons like the other demon hunters. but his senior told him not to do this. his senior told him that killing a demon is not the best solution. relaxing a demon with the buddha's rhyme is the best solution. after that, we saw a couple, and they came to a restaurant in the jungle. but when they entered the restaurant, the door closed by itself. there was no one in the restaurant except for them. suddenly, a waiter approached them and showed them some roasted pigs. they ate the roasted pigs, and the food was so tasty. they praised the chef for making the food so tasty. the head chef of the restaurant approached them, and he was actually the owner of this restaurant. the girl asked him how he cooked such delicious food. the chef showed them his real face, and he was actually a demon. the demon tried to kill them. they were trying to run away from the demon, and suddenly they noticed those roasted pigs. they saw that there were roasted humans inside the roasted pigs. they became scared after seeing this, and the owner of the restaurant killed them. after that, we saw zhu wen in the restaurant. a girl approached him and welcomed him. the girl told him that hopefully you will love our restaurant's best dish, which is the roasted pig. since juwen was a demon hunter, he could see everything that was happening there. he was seeing dead bodies inside of the customers. he could also see the roasted human inside the roasted pigs. ju wen told that girl to stop all of this. he said that i know that you're a demon. after hearing this, the girl tried to kill juwen. but luckily, dwan came there, and she killed all the demons one by one with the help of her magical bangles. after that, the owner of the restaurant came there, and juan beat the out of him as well. and we found out that the restaurant's owner was a pig demon. juan grabbed both the hands of the pig demon and told juwen to suck the pig demon. zhu wen sucked pig demon, and afterward, juan sucked the pig demon from zhuen's mouth and tried to turn him into a doll with her magical powers. the pig demon was so powerful that juwan couldn't control him. suddenly, the pig demon turned into his original form. juan and zhu wen had to run away from there to save their lives. juan was slowly falling in love with jiwen. she tried to kiss him, but zhu wen ran away from there. zhuang went to his senior and told him about last night. his senior told him that i know he's a pig demon. and this pig demon was once a demon with a kind heart. but his wife cheated on him, and then he turned into a pig demon. and if you want to relax the pig demon, you will have to meet the greatest demon of all time. he is the most powerful demon. jew when asked him about the demon, and his senior replied that monkey king is the most powerful demon of all time. the buddha has locked him inside a cave in the mountains. his senior told him about the location of those mountains. there's a huge statue of buddha, and there's a cave nearby the statue. and monkey king stays inside that cave. zhu wen senior told him that monkey king is a very powerful and clever demon. so you must be very careful and don't fall into any traps of the monkey king. after that, he started walking towards those mountains to meet the monkey king. but suddenly he fell into a trap. and some men came there. one of them had the magical bengals of juan. they told juwen that they were demon hunters. they also had imprisoned juan. juan told them that zhuen is my husband, and we are not demon hunters. please let us go. they asked juwan to tell them the truth, that they were actually husband and wife. juan told juwon to tell them they were actually husband and wife. if we don't prove that we're husband and wife, then they will kill us. juan forcefully tried to kiss juwen, and we saw that those people were actually working with juan. juan did all of these dramas to get closer to zhuen because juan was in love with juwen. but when juwon found out that it was fake, he became mad at them, and he was running away from there. but juan told her friends to imprison him. juwan asked one of her friends about how she could make juwon fall in love with her. her friend told her to do exactly what she would do. after that, juan went to juwon, and we saw that juan's friend started to move her hands, and juan did exactly the same as her. juan thought that if she will do this, then zhu wen would fall in love with her. but nothing happened. juwan had no idea that she was actually beating juwon. suddenly, they heard something and saw that the pig demon had come there to take revenge. the pig demon attacked them to save juwon juan took him out of the carriage, and we saw that the pig demon attacked their carriage and broke it. zhu wen went to juan and saw that she had passed out. he held her into his arms, and suddenly juan started to laugh. she told juwon that i know you're in love with me. after hearing this, zhu one said, no, i don't love you at all. then three more demon hunters came there, and one of them beat the hell out of the pig demon, and the pig demon ran away from there. after that, those three demon hunters started to argue with each other about who was more powerful. zhu wen tried to convince them that they are demon hunters and they shouldn't argue with each other. you guys should fight together against the demon. but then one demon hunter told him that he is poor and he has no right to talk to them. juan tried to help juwen, but juwen became mad at her and said, you're distracting me. please leave me alone. after hearing this, juan destroyed his nursery rhyme book. but juwen didn't care about it and left. finally, zhu wen reached the mountains, but he was not able to find the huge statue of buddha. juwon closed his eyes and started to think about the statue. and zhu wen realized that there was a statue of buddha in the mountain. he opened his eyes and saw the statue. juwon went there and found the cave of the monkey king. juwon went inside the cave and met the monkey king. he asked him how he could relax the pig demon. monkey king told him to get the pig demon in this mountain with the help of a beautiful girl, and then i will help you to relax the pig demon. suddenly, juan came there. and juwon asked her, what are you doing here? juan told him not to ask her any questions, because now she knows he needs a beautiful girl to get the pig demon in this mountain. so juan helped them to get the pig demon in the mountain. the pig demon did come to the mountain, and he tried to kill them. but suddenly the monkey king called the pig demon from the cave and he dragged him inside the cave. when juan and juwen enter the cave, they saw that the pig demon had turned into a little pig. juwon used her magic power to turn the pig into a pig doll. juan gave it to juwen. juan turned her magical bangles into a ring and gave it to juwen. but zhu wen tried to break his finger with a rock to get the ring out of his finger. juan gave him his nursery rhyme book and said that, i don't know how to read, and that's why it took me three days to fix this book. if you're offended by me, then please forgive me. after saying this, juan left. zhuen was also about to leave the cave, but then the monkey king asked him if tonight was a full moon or not. ju wen said yes. the monkey king told him that he cannot see the moonlight since the cave is covered with a flower, and it doesn't let the moonlight get inside the cave. after hearing this, juwen plucked the flower, and we saw that as soon as he plucked the flower, the flower caught on fire. actually, it was the flower which buddha set to lock the monkey king inside the cave. but zhu went fell into his trap and plucked the flower therefore the monkey king became free and turned into his actual form. after coming outside the cave, the monkey king told him that now i'm free, and the buddha cannot do anything. juwen said, you're wrong. buddha still exists. after saying this, juwen started to pray about buddha. the monkey king plucked all the hairs from juwen's head and said, buddha doesn't exist anymore, and he will not come here to save you. but then those three demon hunters came there, and they tried to kill the monkey king. since the monkey king was so powerful, he killed those three demon hunters. after that, he tried to kill juwen, but suddenly juan came there. but the monkey king was so powerful that he killed juan as well. juwon became so sad and angry after seeing juan's dead body in front of his eyes. he was so sad after losing juan, and he started to cry. but then the monkey king threw juan's dead body into the sky and it disappeared. zhu 1 started to pray about buddha, and buddha used his power to convert the monkey king into a kind-hearted demon. in this movie's last scene, we saw that he continued his journey with the monkey king, the water demon and the pig demon. to watch more explanations of these kinds of movies, click on the videos on your screen, and don't forget to let me know how you feel about today's video in the comments down below. and at last, i will say, stay safe, stay well. thanks. 