[Music]. following the events of the first hunger games movie, katniss everdeen and peter milark now live in victor's village in district 12, a wealthy neighborhood which is present in every district and is where the victors of various hunger games reside. president snow visits katniss and explains that her actions in the games have inspired uprisings. he orders her to use the upcoming victory tour to convince him that her actions were out of love and not defiance against the capital, warning her that her friends, family and district 12 will otherwise suffer during the tour. katniss's mentor, haymitch, warns her that victors of the games must serve as mentors to future tributes, and that their show of love will be forced to continue for the rest of their lives. peacekeepers enter district 12 to crack down on illegal activity, and katniss's friend gail is publicly whipped after attacking the head peacekeeper. haymitch, peta and katniss use their influence as hunger games victors to save gail from execution. the upcoming hunger games, the 75th overall, and the third quarter quell is announced and will involve tribute selected from previous victors. katniss devotes herself to ensuring peta survives. on reaping day, hamich's name is drawn, but peta immediately volunteers to take his place. haymitch reveals that tributes are angry about being forced to return to the games and will most likely attempt to stop it. for her pre-games interview, katniss wears a wedding dress, as ordered by snow, but her stylist, cinna, sets it to transform into a symbol of a mockingjay. peta announces that he and katniss, who had previously announced their engagement during their victory tour in an unsuccessful attempt to quell the districts, are expecting a child. the citizens then protest for the games to be stopped to no avail. just before katniss enters the arena, cinna is severely beaten by peacekeepers in front of her as punishment for his tampering with her dress, and then dragged away. once the games begin, katniss allies with district 4 tributes, finnick odair and the elderly mags, his mentor when the arena's force field shocks peta, stopping his heart. finnick resuscitates him. the group is forced to flee from a poisonous fog. when peta cannot go on, meg sacrifices herself so that finnick can help him. when mandrill's attack, peta is saved by the unexpected sacrifice of a tribute from district 6. the group escapes to the beach where finnick greets district three's wyrus and bt and district seven's joanna mason. wyrus repeats the phrase tick-tock, leading katniss to realize that the arena is designed like a clock with regular hazards each hour, contained within their respective zones. wyrus's throat is slit by gloss. gloss is then fatally shot by katniss, while joanna kills his sister, kashmir. finnick is injured by another career, and the game makers spin the clock to disorient the tributes. bt suggests luring the rest of the careers to the wet beach and electrocuting them. the group separates to prepare the trap, laying down wire, joanna cuts the tracker out of katniss's arm and flees. katniss finds an unconscious beaty, unable to find peeta. and hearing a cannon, katniss almost kills finnick, thinking he betrayed them, but he reminds her to remember who the real enemy is. katniss attaches wire to an arrow and shoots it into the arena roof, just as lightning strikes. the lightning is conducted along the wire, causing the arena shields to fail and the roof to fall, and katniss is knocked unconscious. katniss awakens in an aircraft to find hey mitch bt, who is still unconscious, finnick and plutarch heavensbeat the head gamemaker, who was revealed to be a rebel against snow, he tells her they are bound for district 13, headquarters of the new rebellion, and that half the tributes were aware of the plan to escape with katniss, who symbolizes the growing rebellion. they were unable to rescue peta and johanna, as they still have their trackers on them. a distraught katniss is sedated after attacking haymitch for not keeping his promise. she awakens to find gail by her side, who reassures her that her family is safe, but that district 12 has been destroyed by the capital. 