Angell Ville flashbacks, Cassidy gets Dennis a dog and Hitler doesn't get his cake. apologies. hey guys. I'm back again, as promised, breaking down preacher season 2, episode 11. this episode is titled back doors. and boy, there sure were a lot of back doors in the episode. you know what I mean when I say that. also a ton of comic book references. so just be warned, there are spoilers ahead. before we get started, quickly subscribe so that you don't miss any of our preachers season 2 coverage, as well as Twin Peaks, Rick and Morty, Game of Thrones and much more. and remember, if I miss anything, or you have any questions, or you just want to say hi, hit me up in the comments or on twitter at Ryan Eric P. thanks for watching, guys. let's start with the awesome cold-open in this episode. for those of you that didn't read the comics, it's a flashback to Jesse's childhood when he was an angel Vil. it took some time, but we're finally getting some details about his dark past in the TV show. in the books, Jesse's grandmother, Marie Lee and Kjell, repeatedly used this type of punishment when dealing with Jesse. he spent weeks and weeks at a time inside the coffin at the bottom of the swamp until he learned his lesson. as we find out later in the episode. this particular punishment came from Jesse refusing to renounce the last name of custard. I don't want to give any more comic book spoilers away, but I just hope we get more of this memorable Angel Ville story arc in season 3 with the epic reunion between Jesse and his extended family. back in the present-day, tulip confronted Jesse about his big lie, you know, when he told her that he sent the saint of killers to hell. well, he didn't. he fittingly put him at the bottom of the swamp, something that he's awfully familiar with. why didn't you say it in the hail? I couldn't do that. the real reason here is most likely because the saint has 1% of Jesse's soul. but tulip also doesn't need to know that. right? problem is, the saint of killers is free again. tulip was already struggling with some saint PTSD, but now she has to be terrified. so who's behind all of this? yep, you guessed it. Grail industries. of course, they planned for tulip to find the Saints weapons in the bathroom and the empty truck in the swamp. star wants to divide jesse, tulip and cassidy and make jesse agreed place the Messiah. there's another hysterical exchange here regarding Hoover accidentally sending star the male prostitutes from last episode. I apologize, sir. I assume that when you requested prostitutes, then should I get you a refund. you're missing the point two above the top finisher. over at Dennis's house, team preacher is as dysfunctional as ever after jessie dismisses his own plan for a vacation. but amongst the yelling and dog barks, yes, Cassidy got his son a dog, Jessie has an epiphany. God has been hiding under his nose this whole time. maybe it is about the dog we're talking about. what that's right. he was in the Dalmatian suit in the backroom of that New Orleans bar we saw in episode three. when he goes back a second time, God is nowhere to be found. so Jessie might have made strides in his search for God, but it's come at a cost with his friends. they don't want to even help him anymore. and the grilles plan to divide them is working. back at the Grails New Orleans office, we learned that heaven has a backup system for everyone's prayers, because God can't possibly hear them all. of course, hair star has acquired hours and hours and hours of Jessie's own prayers and believes that he wants forgiveness for one in particular. thank you who killed my father. it bring make him. star tries to convince Jesse that the only way for him to be forgiven for these sins and to save his own soul is by making a grand gesture like taking over as the Messiah. Jesse doesn't buy it and command star to shove every inch of the recordings up his own ass. much like in the comics. I continue to enjoy how literal the commands of Genesis are taken. so what's going on in hell? well, they're still trying to figure out who doesn't belong down there, but we all know it's Eugene. ultimately, Hitler convinces Eugene that he needs to escape with him instead. but prior to this, we get a glimpse of Hitler's worst memory ever. it involved Hitler getting rejected by the gay gallery owner, failing to intervene with violent communists, getting dumped by his girlfriend and then being told a Jewish customer was given the last plum-cake, despite him being the first to order it. know, the plum-cake didn't start World War two, but it represented something much more to Hitler today, the last day that I was so is Hitler trying to redeem himself, or is he still as horrible as we all would guess I believe the latter, in that he shouldn't be trusted by Eugene at all. we'll have to wait and see how it all pans out as the season comes to an end. and what about tulip? her number one priority is getting rid of the saint of killers weapons. she decides to try to melt them. that's not gonna happen. in the books, the Saints magical Walker Colts were forged from the Angel of Death sword, and no one but the saint can use them. so it makes sense why tulip can't get the bullets out or fire off around. a big difference here is that tulip would have seen the souls of the Saints victims when she held the weapons. but that doesn't seem to be the case in the TV show. as it turns out. even 4,000 degrees won't melt these things. how about some other quick observations from this episode? after tulip left the house, Dennis approaches Cassidy about his feelings for her. what so sick I'm psycho fish? he can clearly tell that Cassidy wants her remember, in the comics, these two shared a very, very dark relationship at one point. it seems like we might be headed there in the TV show as well. gotta love the tagline at Meyer &amp; smelt shop. you dealt it, we smelt it. how about that photo of Tom Brady during the do you belong in hell test? that makes two Super Bowl references this season, after that Atlanta Falcons t-shirt we saw back a few episodes. some more back doors. as Hitler pulls out a key to his room from his backside. hysterically, tulip tries to mail the saint of killers weapons to Brazil. there's no way in hell those make it to Rio. and one last thing to note. at the end of the episode, jesse has to use Genesis multiple times in order to get out of the Grail headquarters. yeah, me not. did star have his staff souls removed in order to avoid them being commanded by Jessie? does Genesis lose some sort of power if the host has an incomplete soul? or is Jessie simply losing conviction in himself after reliving all the horrible things he's done in his life? let me know what you guys think. the final scene of the episode involves the saint, and it appears that Hoover has made a deal with him to go after Jessie again. did Hoover take back the 1% of Jesse's soul that the Saint had acquired that he'll again be immune to Genesis? whatever the case is, it's bad news for Team preacher, because the Saint is back next episode, the Messiah. oh, well, that's a joke, right? you should consider our offer 