As hearing a phone ring, the two young girls lower themselves down the dark shaft to check on it. They discover that the red flowers are mimicking the sound of the cell phone. Suddenly, the plants turn hostile and try to kill the girls. In panic, they run away from the evil vines, unsure about the fates. Will they make it out of the shaft? What are those plants? This is Movie Shortens. Follow us to get through a movie titled: The Ruins. Be aware. There are spoilers. Now, let's begin! At a resort, two best friends Amy and Stacey, are on vacation with their boyfriends Jeff and Eric. When Amy realizes that she has lost an earring, a young man named Mathias finds it and returns it to her. The five soon befriend and have some drinks at the pool. Mathias shares that he needs to find his brother Heinrich and his girlfriend in an ancient temple. They are archaeologists coming to study the ruins. He invites the four new friends and they all in. The next morning, they join Mathias\xe2\x80\x99s friend Dimitri for the trip. After getting off the bus, the six can\xe2\x80\x99t find a taxi to take them to the ruins. Dimitri pays a local truck driver to take them there. As they enter the woods, they find Heinrich's jeep left there. They follow a map to get to the ruins. When they get to a spring, they don\xe2\x80\x99t see any further path. There are two Maya kids staring at them from a distance without talking. Mathias notices a bush nearby and it turns out to be a hidden way leading to the temple. Finally, they can reach the ruins. While all are delighted with this hidden remains, the sound of horses and the men shoutings suddenly come from behind them. They rush out from the jungle with bows and arrows. While the friends try to communicate with the men, Amy stands in the back with her camera. Seeing Amy step on the plants, the men instantly turn aggressive. When Dimitri tries to hand over the camera in a sign of apology for taking photos, he is shot in the chest with an arrow, and then shot in the face. Frightened, the friends retreat back from the men, running up to the top of the ruins. Strangely enough, the men do not follow them after, but do not leave the ruins. At the top, Mathias finds the tents and a pulley set up, but there is no sign of his brother and his girlfriend. Jeff suggests waiting until the men leave so they can get out of the woods. Mathias accidentally sees two human legs buried in the vines. He uncovers it and realizes it is Heinrich. However, his brother is dead with some strange rashes on his body. Mathias bursts into loud wails. After a while, Jeff sees there are more and more people from the tribe coming. Jeff thinks Heinrich could die from infection. Their phones are out of signal when they arrive here. The group decides to wait for the authorities to rescue them because Dimitri left their information at the hotel before the trip. Suddenly, they hear a cell phone ringing down from the shaft. The group finds it strange because their phones can\xe2\x80\x99t work here. However, Mathias decides to check on it because he thinks Heinrich\xe2\x80\x99s girlfriend can be down there. Mathias then loops a rope around him. The other friends lower him slowly down. Suddenly the rope snaps and Mathias drops to the bottom, unsure if he survives. As the boys repair the rope, Stacey volunteers to go down the shaft to check on Mathias and the phone. They lower her slowly down, but the rope isn't long enough to take her all of the way. Stacey decides to untie herself from the rope to drop to the dirt floor. However, she cuts her knee with the broken lantern. Mathias says that he is scared, and can't feel his legs. Stacey tells the group his back is broken. The friends on the surface decide to make a back-board to load him up. Amy becomes scared and paranoid seeing what happened. She runs down the ground and asks the locals for help. However, the men stay rough at her and Jeff. Amy gets angry, throwing the leaves to the people. The vines fall to a young boy. This makes the man turn violent again. The boy is shot to death after that. Amy and Jeff are shocked and come back up the top. The group realize there is something mysterious with the vines as they all touch it and bad things happen. Now it is Amy's turn to be lowered into the shaft on the board. At the bottom, she and Stacey struggle to lift Mathias on the backboard. Luckily, the trio are lifted to the surface. While Jeff, a pre-med student, inspects Mathias' wounds, they all argue about what to do about their situation. Later, they decide to rest in the tent, hoping someone will find them. In the morning, Jeff wakes up and hears some noise from Heinrich\xe2\x80\x99s body. Jeff realizes his body has turned to skeleton. At the same time, Stacey wakes up screaming. She looks down at her leg, and one of the vines from the ruins is clearly penetrating into her injury. Outside, Amy checks on Mathias. Sweating and looking pale, Mathias asks Amy to lift up the blanket because he senses something is wrong with his legs. A bunch of vines has grown over his lower half. They try to remove it the best they can, but he is severely injured due to the cuts all over his skin. Now the friends realize they are being quarantined by the tribe due to an evil lurk from the vines in the ruins. The cell phone rings again from the shaft. Stacey and Amy once again get down to look for it. In the bottom, they begin to look around with a handmade torch. As they walk slowly down a hall, they hear the phone ringing again. Staying calm to continue with the search, Amy sees that the inside of the red flower is vibrating. It turns out all the flowers are actually recreating the sound of a cell phone ring by vibrating their stamens. The plants suddenly become hostile and chase the two girls. They run to escape from them and luckily get pulled up out of the shaft just in time. The two explain what happened in the shaft. Jeff decides to amputate Mathias\xe2\x80\x99s legs immediately. The girls go to the tent, while Jeff heats up a cast iron in the fire. Eric is told to hold down Mathias, while Jeff breaks both leg bones and cuts them off with a hunting knife they found. They see the vines retrieve the remaining flesh that Jeff had cut away. The vines are clearly carnivorous, and are waiting for the friends to become their food. Later, Stacey and Amy go into one of the tents to sleep while Eric looks out. Amy can't sleep and talks about Stacy while sitting next to Eric. In the tent, Stacy wakes up from sleep with a clear moan and sigh that she believes came from Eric and Amy. Furious, she jumped out and accusing them of sleeping together. Stacey screams at Amy, and when Jeff tries to explain, Stacey tells him that Amy has cheated on him before. While the four friends argue, the vines come from the ruins and choke Mathias to death. Jeff runs to his rescue, but is too late. In the morning, Amy and Jeff sit next to each other at the top while the tribe begins to spread salt to stop the vines. It is clear that something about the vines scared the Mayans. Eric calls the two to check on Stacey. He tells Stacey to show them her back. She reveals a vine slithers like a snake under the skin. The group decides to cut them off Stacey to save her. Jeff cuts a large flesh on her knee, and grabs the vine that is attempting to go deeper into her leg. Next, Jeff makes a larger cut, pulling out vines from her back. Finally, they can take out as much as the vines in Stacey\xe2\x80\x99s body. Later, Stacey insists that she can feel another one by her bones. They try to convince her that there isn't anything else in her body. All four asleep, Stacey awakens first and walks out of the tent. She looks for the hunting knife that they used to cut out the vines the other day. Eric wakes up, and all three get out from the tent to find Stacey. They see Stacey standing in a pool of her own blood, slowly cutting herself for the deadly vines. They tell her to give them the knife - but she is clearly beyond reason. When Jeff tries to get the knife back, she cuts him in the palm. Eric now tries to get her attention, and she accidentally stabs the knife into his chest. Eric falls to the ground and dies from the knife wound, followed by the vines taking him as their meal. Stacey - screaming from the pain and realizing what she has just done. Stacey begs Amy to kill her. Jeff quietly puts Stacey out of her misery. Jeff now stains blood on Amy's face and arms, and explains to her that she must run, while he creates a diversion to lure the tribe. He walks down the steps holding her, presumably dead, in his arms, and lays her down on the ground. He pretends to walk along the edge of the ruins far enough to buy Amy time. He then gets shot by arrows and bullets. Amy gets up suddenly and runs as fast as possible towards the abandoned Jeep they found earlier. Amy, chased by the men, manages to get in the Jeep and starts the car. She drives off rapidly down the road to an unknown fate, and a vine slither appears under her right eye. Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to turn on your notification. That really helps my channel. Thanks for watching! 