we see dracula at the start of the movie, who is a romanian prince from abel's ancestry. war preparations were being done there so that they could keep the turks away from their natives place. dracula assigns his wife the duties of a leader until he returns home. as he returns from the war, dracula observes that his advisors have killed his wife, and they were also planning to kill dracula. he comes in rage and kills all the advisors except one. he was considering that the advisor is still loyal to him. dracula gets cursed because of murdering many people, and now he will have to spend the rest of his life alone. now, many centuries later, a group is seen in a forest, who had reached there in search of a lightbringer weapon. lightbringer is the only weapon that could kill dracula. they find the lightbringer in the forest, and the group leader asked two girls to take the lightbringer out of the forest, because they were considering the forest condition was not good. as both girls esme and aelina leaves. the group gets attacked by dracula's men. the guard of dracula named wrath also attacked them and brings them to dracula, making them captives. on the other side, aelina and are the strange noises from the forest. while crossing it, their horses gallops, falling them down. and esme loses her consciousness. some robbers attack them. as esme restores her senses. robber's leader was lucien. they grabbed that lightbringer from the girls and take them away along with them. now, leonardo, the group leader of esme and elena, who had survived by wrath, reaches there while searching them. he shouts on both of them here, and we see that the dracula's guard, wrath, again, reaches there to attack them. the fight begins among them, and many robbers get killed. wrath abducts alieneth and takes him to his master, dracula. as dracula sees it lena, he gets astonished because she was resembling her wife. dracula instructs his advisor to take her away and take extreme care of her. on the other side, we see lucian with s me and leonardo, who had started to have feelings for elena. now they were searching for dracula to rescue helena and am in doing so it becomes morning. contrarily, we see dracula talking to his advisor and entering a room where there was a coffin. he goes to the coffin and lies inside it. it is perhaps the outcome of that curse that was told at the start of the movie. alina wakes up and fear as dracula lies down in the coffin. and she begins to gaze at that room where she had been kept. as elena comes out of the room, gazing at it, she hears some noises from another room. now alien enters the room from where she was hearing noises, and there she meets the advisor of dracula. she starts conversing with him and tells him that it is incredible for her that her heard storied and childhood are based on truth. then dracula's advisor takes her to another room, and as he was bandaging her wounds, she says that your leader is not a human, but a satan, and he should die. listening to this, that advisor casts a weird gaze on her. scene shifts to luchine as me and leonardo, where they were trying to use lightbringer. they were trying to activate lightbringer, but to noahvel. meanwhile, leonardo makes a cut on lucian's hand and pours his blood drops on lightbringer. surprisingly lightbringer immediately activates. now lenorado tells them about the powers of lightbringer. he tells if the blood drops of a vampire or poured on lightbringer, then this weapon can resurrect a dead man. now we see elena again, who was trying to escape. but she comes across a girl on the way who leads her to a dining hall where a function was being celebrated. she tells her that we enjoy ourselves here a lot, and you also enjoy with us. suddenly, elena gets unconscious, and now they all lie elena on a table. actually, they all were vampires, and they have created this trap to suck elena's blood. as one of them was about to bite her, dracula quickly reaches there and saves her. he gets angry at his advisor too, because he was given the responsibility to take care of her. later we see lucinesme and leonardo at a gathering of demon hunters. it means they are the people who kill the devils. there they meet a giant hunter named andros who tells them that he has been searching for dracula for the last many years because dracula's men had abducted his sister many years ago, and from that day, he is still searching for his sister. here it is also revealed that andros is an axe hunter, which means he kills devils using his axe. the aim of andro and leonardo's groups was the same. so android joins them. now, leonardo tells them that how vampire makes people drink his blood. and after drinking, either the person dies or lives an everlasting life, like dracula. elena sees dracula making a girl drinks his blood, and runs from there. she reaches the same room where dracula's coffin was placed, in which he lies. aliena finds that coffin so mysterious. and at the same time, dracula also arrives there. now elena tells him that if you are here to kill me, then kill me. but dracula overlooks her words while laughing. he puts his wife's old necklace on her neck. and seeing it, he starts to recall his past. after this, we see lucian leonardo and that's me. and at the same time, dracula's guard, wrath, attacks them, andros kills all his men using his axe. meanwhile, lucian activates lightbringer. and as rat was about to kill andros, lucian immediately stabs raph with the lightbringer. dracula also feels pain as he stabs wrath. here rath falls down and he's brought to dracula. dracula was enraged seeing wrath. he bites himself and pours his blood drops on wrath, which revives him. alien and her sleep c dream that dracula is very affectionate and caring. she also dreams that how his wife had been killed. she gets frightened in her dream and wakes up. now dracula approaches there, and he takes her outside where they talk with each other under the attractive, starry sky. dracula also tells aelina that how is he searching for his lost love. later we see leonardo's group, who we're planning. then wrath again approaches them, and they are left astonished seeing wrath alive because they had killed wrath using the lightbringer. here we see elena and dracula dancing and rejoicing. suddenly, his advisor approaches and tells him that we have witnessed a group heading in this direction. hearing it, elena instantly utters the name of lucian. dracula glimpses aelina surprisingly and asked, do you know about lucian? she tells him that lucian had abducted them, so he must be proceeding here in search of her and her sister. dracula relaxes her, saying, don't take the stress. many people have tried to search out this place before, but they could not succeed here. dracula feels that alien has affections for lucien, and when he asks her about her feelings, she gets up and leaves from there. now leonardo's group comes on the scene again, who have succeeded to reach there with the help of lightbringer. we see that the battle breaks out as they enter the castle, and leonardo begins to kill everyone with the help of his crossbow. at last, he reaches dracula's guard wrath, where rat defeats leonardo. on the other side, we see lucian approaches aelina with great difficulty. alienae is very pleased and surprised finding him in her room. now leonardo is presented before dracula, where he orders his advisor to kill leonardo. and his advisor calls all the vampires there to kill leonardo. meanwhile, we see that esme and andros reach there while searching for leonardo here, andros finds his sister. seeing her, he is very pleased, and he begins to move there, as esme forbids him from the backside. but he does not stop because his sister was also calling him towards her. when he was about to embrace her, she tried to bite him. but esme notices and attacks her. and andro survives. now, due to noise, the rest of the vampires also wakes up and start attacking esme, but andros kills all with his axe. now, leonardo damages the ceiling with his crossbow to create a fleeing path for his group, as they have to leave this place in the daylight. after doing this, leonardo turns into dust and leaves this world. after this, all moved to the upstairs room to get out of the building. and we see dracula waking up in his coffin. meanwhile, wrath comes after them, who is then killed by andros, as andros kills wrath. dracula also feels unbearable pain, but he was not able to come out of the coffin because of the daytime. as the evening arrives, he instantly reaches that place. coming out of his coffin, dracula becomes so angry witnessing the remains of his guard wrath. then he sees the necklace, which belonged to his wife, but it had been given to elena. he gets furious seeing the necklace, and he screams loudly. after this, we see lucien and his group gathered all demon hunters to kill the vampires. now they all charge dracula's castle. and dracula also orders all vampires to finish them. now the battle starts between two groups. and as a vampire was about to kill elena, she asks draculas help. and when dracula approaches and hold elena, his advisor stabs him on his back with lipinger. when dracula was dean, his advisor reveals that he is the one who actually murdered his wife many years ago. lucian, who had been wounded by dracula, immediately throws a knife to esme. esme throws the knife on the advisor's neck, and aelina stabs it in, consequently, he dies. now, andros approaches dracula and was about to kill him, when lucian stops him, because he had known that aliena likes dracula. now, elena helps dracula to get up and takes him to his coffin. she pleads him to resurrect himself, but he does not agree with her and sleeps forever in his coffin. aelina will eventually wait for him, staying there. in the end, esma leaves with andros, and lucian moves on his way with a broken heart. thanks for watching. i hope you liked the video. please don't forget to give a thumbs up and subscribe now for more interesting movie explanations. 