hello and welcome to movies in five minutes or less. this is a recap of the 2018 horror film halloween, starring jamie lee curtis. warning, spoilers ahead. 40 years after the events of the first movie, michael is institutionalized at smith's grove psychiatric hospital. he was captured and arrested shortly after dr loomis shot him off of the balcony in 1978. as dr loomis passed away, michael is now being treated by dr sartain. the two true crime podcasters, aaron and dana, travel to the sanitarium to interview michael. aaron approaches him and talks to him, but fails to get michael to speak, even after showing him his old mask. the next day, while being transferred to a maximum security prison, michael deliberately crashes the bus. a man and his son come across the bodies of the prisoners and guards. michael kills both, takes their car and drives away. laurie strode, the sole survivor of the 1978 murders, is still living in fear of michael. laurie is drinking heavily and rarely leaving her fortified house. she has lost custody of her daughter, karen, and the only person laurie keeps in contact with is karen's daughter alison. on halloween morning, michael sees the podcasters, aaron and dana, visiting his sister judith's grave. he follows them to a gas station where he kills them both. michael then recovers his old mask from aaron's car and returns to hattonfield. after learning that michael has escaped, deputy hawkins tries to persuade sheriff parker of michael's danger. lori also learns of michael's escape and tries to alert her daughter, karen and alison. but karen dismisses laurie's concerns and tells her to get on with her life. later that night, while babysitting a boy named julian, allison's best friend, vicky and her boyfriend, dave are attacked and killed by michael. deputy hawkins and laurie overhear the incident on the radio and hurry to the house where they find dave and vicky's bodies. patrolling behind the neighboring houses, laurie sees michael coming face-to-face with him for the first time in 40 years, she shoots him, but as she turns the corner, michael is gone. dr sartain arrives and persuades sheriff parker to help in the hunt for michael. meanwhile, allison is at a costume party. lori tries to call her and warn her to go home. but alison gets into an altercation with her boyfriend, who throws her phone away. she leaves the party with her friend oscar. on the walk home, michael finds them and kills oscar. hawkins and sartain arrive just in time to rescue allison. hawkins runs michael over with the police suv and gets out of the vehicle to shoot him at point-blank range. but dr sartain protests and kills hawkins. he puts michael's mask on and loads michael into the back of the car together with allison. it is revealed that sartain orchestrated michael's escape in order to study him in the wild. michael later regains consciousness and reclaims his mask. allison informs dr sartain that michael spoke to her, but michael breaks through the security barrier and forces dr sartain out of the vehicle, he kills him by stomping on his head. alison is able to flee by foot. michael then ambushes and kills two police officers arriving at the scene. michael drives the dead officer's car to laurie's house, where, in the meantime, lori and karen have met. when laurie's son-in-law, ray goes outside to greet who he believes are the two officers, michael kills him. laurie alerts karen to michael's arrival and sends her into a hidden safe room. michael breaks into the house, and laurie and michael fight. lori severely injures him, but michael stabs her in the abdomen and pushes her over a balcony. when michael goes to check laurie's body, he finds it missing. alison arrives and calls out for her grandmother, luring michael and allowing karen to shoot him with a rifle. lori reappears and attacks michael, trapping him inside the safe room. with karen and alison's help, michael regains consciousness and grabs karen's ankle as karen and alison leave the safe room. he is then stabbed with his own knife by alison, and she and karen flee the room. laurie presses a button and metal bars appear, blocking the exit and trapping michael in the safe room. as it fills with gas, laurie lights a flare and throws it through the bars, igniting the room and setting michael on fire. michael is nowhere to be seen. in the final shot of the burning basement. in a post-credit scene, michael's breathing is heard, indicating that he survived. thanks for watching movies in five minutes or less. don't forget to subscribe to our channel. till next time, 