black Mira, Bandersnatch is the gift that keeps on giving this Christmas, after offering a unique experience for viewers that comes in the form of a choose-your-own-adventure TV show. the program too, gets a bit like Inception with one of its mega secret endings. whilst it's unclear exactly how to trigger it and no one has any concrete answers just yet, many viewers have encountered it when unpacking one of banda snatches many endings. the scene itself seems pretty dull, and most people probably think that it's just a replay of an earlier scene, as often happens in Bandersnatch. but there is a bit more to it. we joined Stefan on his bus journey to tuck a soft entertainment. but instead of pulling out the two music tapes, he instead pulls out a Bandersnatch one. the tape plays a crazy noise that sounds like a cross between the radios from Silent Hill and an old dial-up modem, which is a bit confusing. but some super savvy fans discovered that the data is actually the same as a tape for a ZX spectrum computer which is what Stefan designs and plays his games on. after people run the code through a spectrum emulator, they were given a QR code. scanning this takes you to the tucker soft website, which contains info and art for their games. clicking the sidebar tab that has nose dive on it allows you to go to a page for the old spectrum game. this page allows users to download a full copy of the game that is free to play till their heart's content, or the one controlling us at netflix decides to tip tea over the computer. you'll need a spectrum emulator to play it, but it's such a cool little easter egg that showcases the extent of just how far the creators of the show went with their hidden endings. so what are your thoughts on the super secret ending of Bandersnatch? did you enjoy it, and what did you think of the show overall? comment below and let me know. and I've left a path that seems to be successful on how to get this ending in the description, so make sure you read that if you want to experience it for yourself. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my original Bandersnatch video, which discusses all of the choices that I made and how, if could, my outcome. this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 