so powerbook 2 goes season 2. it's not too far away. and november the 21st will come around very quickly. and i will be starting my character breakdowns a week or two just before in the lead up to the premiere episode. so you guys know everything with regards to every single character going into the new season. but over the last few weeks, they've been drip feeding information on season two, such as news images and the official release date for the premiere episode. and they've released some more information about a new character who's going to be appearing in a heavy recurring role. and his name is lucas. but why he remains a mystery is because they've not given us too much information on this new character, which is very strange, because when they've announced new characters for powerbook 2, ghosts raising canaan or powerbook 4 force, they've given us character descriptions for their characters, which gives us a bit of insight into their background, what to expect and any possible connections they may have. for example, with mecca, when they announced his character, we knew he'd be involved with the tahardas and reappearing in new york at the perfect time when they need a new connect but the last time they actually did something like this was for detective howard, who they kept a bit of a mystery, i assumed, because he was kanan's father. and the role that he was playing and raising kanan is a bit of a big one, and he ties into the whole story arc for power as well. but this was kind of revealed before going into raising canaan anyway, because there were loads of rumors that he was going to be playing kanan's father before the season even began. but we did get a character description closer to episode one. but it seems as if they want to keep this character's story role and possible connections a secret for now. but why they're keeping a secret, i'm sure this is something we'll find out at some point in season two. so i'm going to leave the link to the article down below for the news on lucas. and i will be doing character profiles in the lead up to the premiere episode, just like i did with raising kanan. and i do think we'll be getting the season 2 trailer at some point in the next two weeks as well. so that's definitely something to look forward to. for those who aren't watching bmf right now. but drop all your predictions down below on lucas. and any thoughts on power book 2, season 2, and any predictions, drop them down below in the comments section. and of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, so remember to smash the subscriber and you shouldn't see everything power book 2 and power universe related. but as always, thank you guys for watching, and i'll see you next time. 