welcome to the man of recaps. this is the bachelor, episode eight. there's only four girls left, and it is hometowns week. first up is Knoxville, Tennessee for Miss Hannah. and her father, Ranger Rick is a real outdoorsman. so to help impress him, she's taking Peter axe-throwing. it's a real fun time. Peter sucks at first, but eventually he gets it. last week, an Ann row Peter, a letter, all the things I love about you. so Peter wrote her one back. uh-huh. so cute. classic middle school love story. Peter meets her family, who's all nice. her dad, Ranger Rick, though, gives him a real hard time. it seems. the big question this week is, who will drop el bombs? Peter drops a soft L bomb on her. I'm falling in love with you. she comes back at him with a hard L I love you. no qualifiers, but these two are all good. next Peter travels to Iowa for Kelsey. they go to a winery and stomp some grapes, then make their own red blend. I've been down on Kelsey this whole time. she turned me way off early on with her champagne drama. she seems like a nice girl, though. they have fun. she drops a Hornell on him, I am in love with you. he avoids saying anything back by kissing her. she's got a picturesque blonde Midwestern family, complete with ping-pong table in the living room. they're all nice. parents are concerned, but Peter makes it out no problems. Kelsey drops a hard L on him again to see if he'll reciprocate. and that when I said, and I am in love with you. and, you know, he says, thank you, and my heart is falling. not really what you want to hear at this stage in the game. next is Auburn, Alabama for Madison. her dad's a basketball coach, and she was a basketball star herself, so they shoot some hoops. she's got a picturesque southern brunette family, complete with pool table in the living room. but there is some drama. Madison's mom pulls her aside and asks if she's told Peter yet her secret. she is not having sex before marriage. Peter, whoever, mr. four times in a windmill, is a sexual guy. and with next week being fantasy suites, this gonna be a big deal. for now, Peter gets a taste of his own medicine when he says, I'm falling in love with you. and Madison shuts him up with a kiss. then it's off to Virginia Beach for a Victoria F they play with her dog on the beach, dress up for old time photos, and she has a party planned with a country music singer that she has not dated. they have a really great time, and it seems like their relationship might finally be on track. but on his way out, Peter runs into an ex of his. sounds like they briefly dated in California some years back, but this is her hometown, and Victoria's one of her friends. at least she was, until they had some huge falling-out. and she warns Peter to be careful. ominously says, Victoria's broken up a bunch of relationships, but won't elaborate. so before meeting her family, they have a talk on the front steps. Peters like, hey, that girl told me this stuff about you, like, what's your side of the story? Victoria, though, does not explain her side of the story. in fact, she freaks out and deflects, and then walks away crying. there's the Victoria we know, she has a hard time though, outside there's no corners to stand in. this ruins the mood. and Peter does not to meet her family, who it must have been awkward for, is sitting right inside, like, why aren't they coming in? the next morning, she comes over and they work it out. she never actually addresses what that girl was saying about her. she just keeps deflecting. but, you know, then it's time for the rose ceremony, staying on theme this season, in an airplane hangar. now, three good hometown dates followed by one that blew up. you might think, you know who's going home, but Peter kinda likes crazy. he sends home Kelsey. Kelsey, I'm sorry. you are my least favorite too, but you know, I feel bad. so peter has his final three, Madison, Hanna and and Victoria. it seems to me Madison and Hanna an about even in Peters mind. with Victoria F could be literally anywhere. next week, they're going to Australia for fantasy suites, and how that goes is gonna make all the difference, especially because at the end of the episode, Madison pulls Peter aside. it's time. she's got to tell him her nan dirty little secret. will Peter respect Madison's wishes and not sleep with any of these girls? or will he try to break his record go for five times? find out next week on The Bachelor. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out 