hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're going to be talking about the 2002 film, Star Wars, Episode two, attack of the clones. so let's get started. a portion of the summary is based on that you've seen the previous film. if you'd like a quick summary, check out the link below. the film takes place 10 years after episode 1, with the Galactic Republic facing a new group known as the separatist movement, led by the Sith Lord Count Dooku. senator Padme goes to Khorasan to vote for a plan to create an army to assist the Jedi against the separatist movement. after avoiding an assassination attempt, Padme is put under the protection of obi-wan, Kenobi and his apprentice, Anakin Skywalker. a second assassination attempt occurs. obi-wan and Anakin capture the would-be assassin. however, she is assassinated by another bounty hunter with a toxic Dart. Obi one takes the poisonous dart to be analyzed and identified to capture the other bounty hunter, while Anakin escorts Padme back to Naboo, where the two of them fall in love, which is forbidden by the Jedi way. Obi Wan's investigation takes him to the planet of Kamino, where he discovers that a clone army is being produced for the Galactic Republic. however, it is unclear who commissioned or approved of their production, as it was never voted on. Obi Wan finds the Bounty Hunter, Jango Fett, who was used for the original for the Clone Army, and is also the same bounty hunter who took out the assassin that attempted to kill Padme. Jango kept one of the clones for himself, named him boba, which he wants to raise as his own son. obi-wan follows Jango and Bobo to the desert planet of Genesis. meanwhile, Anakin has visions of his mother, Shmi, being in pain, and travels with Padme to his homeworld to save her. when he arrives, Anakin meets his mother's new husband, clegg Lars, as well as his stepbrother, Owen Lars, Anakin's new step family, and forms him that his mother, Shmi has been kidnapped by Tusken Raiders a few weeks earlier. Anakin travels into the wilderness, finds the Tuscan campsite, finds his tortured and injured mother, who eventually dies from her wounds. anakin becomes enraged and kills all the Tusken Raiders at the camp including their children and it can. then returns to his step family with his mother's body and admits to Padme what he did and says they will find a way to learn how to prevent death. back on Geonosis, obi-wan discovers the separatists and Count Dooku are behind the assassination attempts on Padme, and are now creating a massive battle droid army with the Viceroy Gunray, the leader of the Trade Federation from the first film. obi-wan has his findings related to the Jedi Council and is captured by the separatists. Supreme Chancellor Palpatine of the Galactic Empire is voted emergency powers, which allows him to use the Clone Army to send them into battle against the separatists. Anakin and Padme travel to Genesis to rescue obi-wan, but are also captured. obi-wan, Anakin and Padme are all sentenced to death in a gladiator or Colosseum fashion. they are rescued however, by the Jedi Council and the Clone Army. and a battle breaks out between the clones and the droids. Anakin and obi-wan engage Count Dooku in a fight where obi-wan is injured and Anakin loses his right arm. Jedi Master Yoda, one of the oldest members of the Jedi Council, battles Dooku, but Dooku escapes to who flees to Khorasan where he delivers the plans for a super weapon to his SIF master Death Sidious, Darth Sidious, the same Sith Lord from the first film, confirms that everything is going according to plan. the Jedi announced that this is the beginning of the Clone Wars and that they will be battling the separatists for a long time to come. Anakin gets a robotic arm and secretly marries Padme on Naboo, ending the film. so that was the spoilers for Star Wars, Episode two, attack of the clones. we will be spoiling all of the Star Wars films before the theater release of episode seven, so please look out for those. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 