today, i would like to introduce to you the next season of the deadpool, a comedy tv series. when it comes to superheroes, people often admire their supernatural powers to save the world. but deadpool is loved by the audience for his disruptive, jokingly overstepping and non-stop rambling mouth. talking about part one. after wade wilson, aka deadpool, possessed an immortal body, he became a mercenary specializing in eradicating evil, confronting countless murderous criminals and social black gangs day by day. but deadpool still likes to destroy monsters the most, because no one else dares to take on such a difficult case. and of course, the cost to hire him is not small. but not every mission is easy to do. this one seems not easy. there is a drug lord with a ponytail hiding in the security room, making him unable to eliminate him. but today is his anniversary with his girlfriend, so he has to go back on time. he ran into the street and jumped into his best friend, the piners taxi. he quickly ran home. at the door, he took off his mask and revealed his face as rough as an avocado he and vanessa exchanged souvenirs. he gave her a pure lead game coin, which was a memory of their first date. and vanessa gave him good news. their plan to have a baby has officially begun. deadpool knew he was going to be a father. so excited, he began to think of names for his children. they were immersed in happiness when suddenly a group of people broke in the door. deadpool alone confronts the thugs. he uses a kitchen knife to defeat them one by one. in the end, there is only one knife left. but behind him, there was still one more guy. that guy used a gun to shoot at vanessa. deadpool watched helplessly as vanessa fell. she was gone. he immediately jumped downstairs to find their boss, the ponytail boss. he missed in the afternoon. since the day he lost vanessa, his life fell from heaven to hell. he cried and got drunk every day in weasel's pub. then he found ways to end his life to get to vanessa, like letting the bears in the zoo kill him, drinking a bottle of water to clean the house, and then jumping from the roof of a skyscraper to the ground or lying on a dozen gas tanks, then set it on fire. his body was broken into pieces, but he did not die. while in a coma, he sees vanessa, but is unable to touch her. she said his heart wasn't in the right place. and then he woke up in a ruined house with pieces of debris. vanessa hid under the chair as she stood up. three days later, deadpool's immortal body was restored to its original form to prevent him from continuing to seek death as well as wallow in pain. colossus tries to convince him to join the x-men. like so many times of persuasion since season one, he rejected colossus again. in his spare time, deadpool started rolling around the house in a wheelchair, destroying furniture. colossus ran to stop him and beat him. he complained about not having a famous x-men here. a group of mutants in the next room who were studying, saw this and quietly closed the door. colossus continued to convince him that he couldn't die anyway, so he just accepted to do what colossus said. the next morning, deadpool received his first quest he, colossus and negasonic are tasked with dealing with a mutant child named russell collin at an orphanage labeled as a mutant rehabilitation center. the boy was setting fire to his orphanage. deadpool first joined the mission. he intended to convince the boy with some [ __ ] and then took the opportunity to control russell. but the boy's personality is exactly like the fire he created. hot tempered, grumpy, and whenever he's upset, he shoots out flames. he knocks both [ __ ] sonic and colossus away. deadpool pulls out his gun, but colossus stops him. he continues rambling until russell's flames hit the wall. while the boy wasn't paying attention, he threw the hilt of his sword at the boy's head, knocking him unconscious. the boy was wearing a de-energizing ring. thought everything was fine, but deadpool heard the boy say he was abused. they never considered him human. he immediately killed the white robe employee. colossus rushed to stop him so that he wouldn't kill anyone more. deadpool is controlled and also wears a de-energizing ring. he and boy, russell, were escorted to the prison at this time in the future world, there is a man named cable. he is a half-human, half-machine mutant. his wife and children have just died in a fire. that the culprit is the young boy russell. when he was growing up, he picks up his daughter's burned teddy bear. he wants to go back in time to kill the boy, to prevent tragedy from happening. when he returned to the past, in a vast field, he saw two men drinking, so he knocked them out to rob their car, then went to the supermarket to rob the necessary items. deadpool and russell are transported to the prison ice, the prison of mutants. because of wearing the anti-superpower necklace, the cancer cells in deadpool's body began to grow. but this is also what he is longing for. russell told deadpool that he wanted to be a superhero. now the first thing he wanted to do when he got out of here was burn the headmaster to death, then take a picture of him standing next to the headmaster's body. cable knew that russell is being held in prison. he immediately executes a plan to destroy the boy. in prison, deadpool was brutally beaten. his little friend said he would definitely avenge him. he also advised the boy to make friends with the strongest person in this ice prison. as soon as he finished speaking, cable, with all the latest weapons, went to the prison. because of the destructive power of the high-tech weapons from the future, the people in the ice prison were unable to resist. the whole prison was damaged. so the prisoners ran out wildly. he began to locate russell and immediately went to hunt down the boy. deadpool and the fireboy also ran out, but they did not expect the attackers target to be themselves. but when he was stopped, he learned that the attacker's target was russell. deadpool risked his life to protect the boy. but with his current state of health, he was no match for that guy. cable pushed him down from above, causing the necklace on his neck to break, and the immortal warrior was back. deadpool picked up cable's gun and shot cable himself. he asked cable why he wanted to kill the 14 year old. cable didn't want to answer and went to fight deadpool. and deadpool was defeated again. it's clear that deadpool cares about russell, but he tells cable that he doesn't care at all about the fire boy's life or death. at that moment, the boy ran over and heard the boy despaired and turned to leave. deadpool used the bomb the cable brought to the prison to create a large hole in the prison, causing the two to be thrown out. cable clung to a cliff, while deadpool fell into a glacial lake. he falls back into a dream and meets vanessa, who says that in order to meet her, he must pay attention to children, because children change people. russell was alone now. he was aware of the rule to survive here, that it was necessary to cooperate with someone. while the prisoners were fighting, russell immediately ran to a giant monster to give his rice to him, to get acquainted. his name is juggernaut, the terrorist who has always been kept alone. the boy said he would help juggernaut get out of here. deadpool, after escaping death, returns to his best friend, weasel's bar, and says he wants to save the boy from prison. to avoid cable's pursuit, he and weasel began posting jobs for mutants with special talents, including bedlam, who can control electric fields, zeitgeist, with the ability to vomit, acid vanisher, with invisibility, the alien shatter star domino, with the ability to be luck. in the end, peter has no superpowers at all. they form a squad called x-force. deadpool planned that while the prisoners were being moved to another place, they would suddenly attack the prisoner transport train and save the boy. while deadpool discussed the plan, cable kidnapped weasel, and he told cable everything about their plan. the day of implementation of the plan has come. the team is fully armed. they move by helicopter. after identifying the target, the team was filled with confidence to parachute down. when jumping down, they were confident. but when landing, they panicked. only deadpool and the lucky super-powered girl domino landed safely. five out of all seven died, heroically before even touching the ground. while deadpool was still chasing the train, domino, thanks to the force of luck, after a few short seconds, she landed safely into the carriage carrying the prisoners. what a perfect landing. at the same time, cable is also chasing after russell domino, blew a bullet into the fire extinguisher and pushed cable out. but he still managed to cling to the side of the train. domino turned on autopilot and started fighting him, but was unable to fight cable. while he was about to shoot, luckily, deadpool arrived in time to save her from death. at this time, deadpool and cable continue to fight. he used his two swords to block the bullets from cable's gun, and within seconds, he was completely covered with bullets, looking terrified. while the two were still fighting, russell managed to break the prison wires to escape. the boy quickly rescued the juggernaut. juggernaut blows up the bridge too. domino was still blessed by the god of luck, so she landed very gently on the giant bear. deadpool had just bent his head back when he saw juggernaut rush over. he lifted deadpool and tore him in half. before he could say anything. after that, russell appeared. no matter how he explained, the boy still thought that deadpool didn't consider him a friend. and the boy left with the giant monster with the intention of killing the headmaster. domino came to carry his upper half of the body home behind. cable also just woke up. he stayed at mrs l's house and waited for his legs to grow out. and after the legs grew back, like before, he would go find cable for revenge. everyone was teasing deadpool's little legs when cable suddenly appeared. but this time he came not to fight, but to ask for their cooperation, to work together to prevent the first murder from russell. juggernaut was released, and cable couldn't defeat him. and juggernaut is helping russell kill people. it's like a tiger growing wings. this incident will lead to many future disasters, including the fact that cable's wife and daughter in the future world are still killed. after hearing cable's story, deadpool toddled in front of cable, the two shaking hands to form an alliance. but with the strength of a few people, it is not enough. deadpool's party goes to x-mansion academy to convince colossus to join their team. as expected, a principled and proud man like colossus would obviously refuse. they couldn't invite colossus. they had to risk their lives to fight juggernaut. the boy was now at the gate of the orphanage with the giant monster. when they arrived, the boy and juggernaut were already at the door of the headmaster's room. he immediately closed the door and turned around and ran away. but russell created a fire that blew the door of the headmaster's office open and chased after the headmaster. meanwhile, juggernaut returns to fight deadpool's group. he turned around and kicked cable flying into a nearby car. deadpool was like a small worm, climbing up and stabbing him with a sword. he grabbed and threw deadpool into the barbed wire next to it. the girl with the power of luck is the only one to survive and fight the juggernaut. deadpool is bored watching the game. when he was about to die, his best friend, colossus appeared and carried him off the fence. while the two were passionately in love with each other, behind, domino and cable were beat into pieces by juggernaut. colossus charged at the juggernaut with all his might. thought he would win against juggernaut, but juggernaut didn't beat him to death. about the fireboy, he burned most of the orphanage and caught up with the principal. cable and deadpool ran off when the old principal's staff stopped. but the staff was quickly defeated. domino ran to save the children of the orphanage and got them out. when russell was about to use a powerful fire to burn him alive, cable ran to create a shield to withstand the fire from the boy, saving his life. colossus thought he was just a sandbag for the giant to relax. but fortunately, [ __ ] sonic and yukio rushed over. with the help of two people, colossus turned defeat into victory, successfully defeating the giant because he hadn't killed the headmaster yet. russell frantically set fire to kill th a headmaster. cable and deadpool could no longer stop him. being thrown out by the boy's flames, with only one bullet left, cable was about to pick up his gun and shoot, but deadpool stopped him, giving him some time to convince russell. everyone thought that after being admonished for a while, the boy changed his mind. he hugged deadpool. but it turned out that the boy no longer trusted anyone. he made the fire push deadpool away. deadpool burned black, but quickly recovered. he tried one last time. he wears the anti-superpower necklace and tells the boy that if russell wants to kill killing him alone is enough. but the boy was still determined to use all his strength to prepare to continue the fire. cable immediately rushed to pick up the gun and fired the last bullet at russell. because of protecting the boy, deadpool, even though he was wearing the anti-superpower necklace, still rushed out to block bullets for russell. now the boy understood that there were still people who cared about him, the teddy bear and cable's hand is no longer burning black, which means that cable's wife and children in the future world are safe. deadpool is about to die, but still does not forget to babble, say thank you and goodbye to everyone. the atmosphere is so sad. he begins to fall into a dream and meets vanessa again. this time he got close and got a hug from vanessa, which means he got it right this time. but then vanessa said he had to come back because they needed him. he woke up at this time, seeing that deadpool was about to die, cable immediately started the clock to control the time. back when they were about to enter the orphanage, cable stuffed a coin into deadpool's chest where he knew the bullet was going to hit. deadpool is saved, but cable cannot return to the future with his wife and children. and the evil headmaster also died under depiner's wheels. the story should have ended here, but there's still an interesting surprise later. guys. [ __ ] sonic fixed cable's clock. deadpool used it to go back in time and save vanessa, come back to save peter. a member of the x force go to wolverine to kill the version of deadpool from the movie x-men origins. he even prevented actor ryan reynolds from accepting the script for the movie green lantern. what an awesome character. our movie ends here. goodbye and see you in the next videos. this is the end of the movie. see you in the next movie. thank you for watching the movie. 