hi 18. cinema summary. here in this video, i am going to recount to you guys the full plot line of a south korean movie called a muse. this movie tells a story of an old, lonely writer. his life is turned upside down with the arrival of a 17 year old girl who starts working in his home. how will their love story unfold? let's find out. spoilers ahead. you have been warned. the film opens by showing us the mundane life of a 70 year old man by the name of lee, who lives a solitary life up in the mountains, where he spends most of his days writing in his study. from his flashback, it is revealed that he is a famous writer and also teaches literature at a university in the city. one day, on his way home from work, he sees a young girl with wounds around her knee sleeping in a reclining chair in front of his house. soon after, a young man by the name of ji woo, who happens to be a student of lee, arrives and accidentally awakes her. the girl is revealed to be yoon gyo. they look confused and ask her why she is here. she replies that she accidentally noticed a stairway and decide to rest there. she tells them that she lives nearby. she then saying goodbye and leaves. later on in the film, we will find out that ji wu turns out to be a well-known writer as well, and he pays leah visit regularly to care for him as gratitude for his past kindness. jiwoo is having a chat with lee, and he mentions that he met yun-gyo again. he tells lee that she is looking for a job and that she is able to do any housework. long story short, lee tells you and gil to come on saturday and become his housemate. from that day forward, yoon gil regularly arrives to clean the house. their relationship seems wholesome in the beginning, not in a romantic way. on one occasion, when she is vacuuming the study, she bumps into a pile of paper. lee happens to be observing her from upstairs and immediately comes down to help her. he also helps her vacuuming and arrange the book. yoon gio feels guilty at that time. one day, before heading to lee's house, yoon gil makes herself look nice and lifts her skirt above the knees. she then cleans the house as usual, but this time still dressed in her school uniform, which she does on purpose. lee notices her and can't help but find it to be very arousing to him. lee and yoon gio often have a conversation together. as the days go by, yurin gyo feels more and more attracted to lee, mainly because she is impressed by the beautiful words that lee often utters even during her class. the thought of lee can't escape yuen gyo's mind. one rainy night, yoon gio arrives soaking wet at least door. she then asks for his permission to let her stay overnight in his home as she is having an argument with her parents. feeling bad for her, lee lets her spend the night while helping her dry her clothes. yoon gyo starts teasingly, subtly, and lee is starting to fall for it. yoon gio is sleeping in separate rooms that night. when lee wakes up the next morning, he finds yoon gyo under the blanket in his bed, and notices an eagle-like tattoo on her chest as he is running his finger through it out of curiosity, he hears ji woo coming and abruptly rushes to his work desk. jiwoo is shocked to find yoon gyo in lee's bedroom and asks her where lee is. jiwoo suspects that something is going on between yoon gio and lee, so he warns lee to keep his distance, and reminds him that she is only 17. one day, the three of them go out for a hike. in the middle of the hike, ji woo pulls yoon gyo aside and advises her to stop working at lee's house. but little does he know that lee has already handed her a house key. later, yoon gio is tidying her hair with a mirror when jiwoo shouts at her and startles her. it causes her to drop the mirror to the bottom of the cliff, which is far from their reach. she starts crying out at him and tells him that he made her lose her mother's heirloom. lee walks up to them and slowly climbs down the cliff to grab the mirror and hands it to her. and then they share a hug in front of ji wu. the next day, yoon gil persuades lee to get a tattoo like hers on his chest. as she is etching it, the old man's imagination starts to go wild, where he sees himself as his younger self and having a romantic relationship with her. since that day, lee starts to write fictional stories about his relationship with jungio. meanwhile, ji wu is under a lot of stress because he hasn't finished his script. so he calls yoon gyo and asks her to bring him a flu medication. when she arrives, ji woo ends up confronting her about the mirror incident the other day. moreover, he tells her not to disturb lee anymore. they argue all night. into her defense, she tells him that lee is the one who keeps inviting her over. the following day, yoon gio and ji woo are talking in lee study, when suddenly, yoon tries to move lee's drawer. jiwoo stops her from doing so because he knows lee would not be happy with people rearranging his belongings. they argue for a while, and they both start to push it back and forth, as none of them wants to back down. it eventually topples down and opens. jiwoo accidentally notices the script that lee wrote about his imaginary scenarios with yoon. later that night, ji wu discreetly takes the script and begins reading it as it gradually peaks his interest. as each day passes by, yoon and lee get even closer to one another. they even spend a lot of time together. one night, lee is visited by a man who asks him regarding jiwoo's whereabout the man also mentions that jiwoo's new book is rising in popularity and that the book's title is yunyo. lee is taken aback upon hearing the name, and walks to his study to look for his script. he is relieved when he sees that it is still in his drawer. but he is still not convinced, so he heads to a bookstore to search for gee woo's book. and as he suspected earlier, the story in the book is very familiar, confirming that it is actually based on his fictional writing about yoon gyo. the next morning, as jiwoo is bringing over a tea to lee, he lashes out to ji wu on the matter, admitting that his intention has always been to keep the story to himself. jiwoo tries to justify his actions by telling him that it would be a shame for such a beautiful story to just rot in his shelf. lee, who is already overwhelmed by anger, ignores his reasoning and harshly cast she wu out of his house. yoon gil witnesses this happening and quickly flees out of fear. that night, yoon gil visits lee as usual. all of a sudden, lee acts infuriated towards you, and gio unlocks the door to prevent her from coming inside. yoon gio notices a book with yoon gyo written on the cover. she grabs it and leaves. the next day at school, her mind is constantly burdened by what she reads in the book. on the way home, she approaches ji wu at his house because the book yoon gyo is written by him. yoon gio shows him her appreciation for depicting her so beautifully in the book. later that night, ji woo invites yoon inside his car. he is feeling lonely and tries to kiss her. however, yoon gil rejects his advances and leaves. days later, lee is grieved with such loneliness. and while he is doing yoon gyo's work, he starts to hallucinate about her. a few days later, yoon comes over to celebrate lee's birthday. as the two are preparing dinner, jiwoo arrives at the door, much to their surprise, and tells them that he just wants to give a birthday present to lee. ji woo asks permission to leave, when lee stops him and asks him to stay with him to join the party. lee becomes drunk throughout the night and tells ji woo and yoon to go home before dozing off. shortly, he wakes up to a noise coming from inside the house. curious, he goes outside and uses a ladder to peek inside his study. before his very eyes, ji woo and yoon gio were having sex. later that night, after ji wu falls asleep, he goes out to his car to contemplate. all of a sudden, an idea pops up in his head to deflate g-woo's car tires and unscrew the bolts from his own car wheel. as expected. the next day, jiwoo is on his way home when he realizes he has a flat tire, so he drives back to get lee's car instead. however, the car feels unstable, so he drives to an auto repair shop where the guy tells him that someone must have unscrew the bolts from his own car wheel. jiwoo realizes it's lee, and he storms off with the intention to confront him. during the way, he is so flooded with anger that he loses control. he crashes violently, [Music], ending his life at that very moment. days later, yoon gio is in a book shop when she comes across ji woo's published book, yoon gyo. that's when she recognizes something odd. the story resembles her interaction with lee during her time working there. she figures out that lee must have written the book and not ji woo. knowing this, she brings a flower and goes to visit lee to express her gratitude, only to find the house in a state of complete mess, with wine bottles scattered all over the floor. she finds lee lying down in his room and tells him that she has read the book. she thanks him for portraying her so gracefully in the book. but at the same time, they realize that they will never be together. eventually, she bit him farewell, telling him that she will never return. as those words enter lazier, a tear rolls down his eyes and he starts to cry. and that wraps up our recap, this time for the movie amuse. feel free to drop a comment below as to what we should recap next. thank you for watching. 