welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about the butterfly effect too. nick and his girlfriend julie, are celebrating julie's 24th birthday with their friends trevor and amanda. julie and nick start to discuss their future when nick is called into work urgently. he has to go to the meeting because he is up against co-worker dave for a promotion. as the four friends drive back to the city, there's an accident with a semi truck. of the four friends, nick is the only survivor. later, when looking at a photograph of himself and julie, everything in the room begins to shutter and shake, while the people in the photograph begin moving. one year later, nick suffers a blinding headache and nosebleed at work while presenting an important sales pitch to investors. as a result, he is given a weak suspension. back home, nick looks at photographs from julie's birthday and somehow manages to transport himself back to the moment just before the fatal accident. this time, he knows how to avoid the accident, and he awakens in a new timeline where julie is living happily with him. however, in this reality, nick's life is ruined when he is fired for backing up his friend and now colleague, trevor. later, nick sees a christmas photograph of him his friends and colleagues and realizes that this was the point at which a crucial deal was made, resulting in dave's promotion. nick decides to try to alter this in his favor. so he concentrates on the photo in order to trigger another episode. sure enough, he finds himself at the party. after deliberately spilling a drink on dave to distract him, he finds the paperwork for the crucial deal. he then returns to the present in a new version of reality. in this reality, nick is the vice president of the company, but he and julie have split up, and he is living the bachelor lifestyle. also, trevor and nick end up on the wrong side of a shady investor. the company is broke due to failed deals in this version of reality, and the investor, infuriated by a lack of results, ends up killing trevor, who borrowed the money from him, in the course of trying to escape a similar fate. nick runs into julie just as one of the investors armed henchmen tries to hit him, but hits her instead. nick is rendered unconscious before he can go back in time once again and sexually assaulted, but manages to kill his captor and escape. nick confesses everything to his mother, who tells him that he can't control everything. she says his father also tried to control things, implying in the process that his father had the same ability as nick does, and ultimately committed suicide. nick transports himself to the scene from the start of the movie, hoping to finally fix everything by breaking up with julie. however, he didn't bank on how upset she would be. and she confesses to being pregnant and speeds away in his car. fearing a similar accident as the original. nick speeds after her, but ends up facing an oncoming vehicle himself. he opts to save julie rather than himself, and drives off the cliff. one year later, julie lives in new york with her son, nick jr, who has the same affliction as his father, since his environment becomes unstable. while looking at a photograph of his parents and their friends. in a series of flickering flashbacks that run during the end credits, an unidentified man, who is presumably nick's own father, is shown grappling with mental illness, presumably brought on by the progressive brain damage that the time traveling causes to its user with each use, and eventually committing suicide. in the last of the flickering images, nick himself is shown recovering in a hospital bed from serious injuries. but whether this is him recovering from his initial accident shown at the beginning of the movie, or him recovering from his successful effort to save julie, is unclear. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music]. you 