cinema synopses, spoiler alert, the planet Krypton, unstable from years of industrial mining. phases, impending destruction. Krypton's core is collapsing. jor-el, chief advisor to Krypton Supreme Council, recommends the council give him control of the genetics codex. I will ensure the survival race before any action can be taken. soldiers, led by General Zod, an old friend of jor-el 'he's launched an uprising and arrest the councilors. we've taken up the sole against job. realizing that Krypton is doomed, jor-el steals genetic codes sought by Zod. breaching the Genesis chamber is a class-b crime, and infuses them into the DNA of his infant son, kal-el, the first naturally born Kryptonian child in centuries, free to forge his own destiny. donning his old armor, jor-el sacrifices his life to allow his son to escape on a pre-programmed spacecraft. Zod orders the Rockets destruction down, only to learn that forces loyal to the council have suppressed the rebellion in a brief trial, Zod and several of the surviving rebels are convicted of treason and sentenced to 300 cycles of somatic reconditioning to the Phantom Zone. moments before Krypton explodes, following jor-el x' coordinates. the ship crash lands on earth in Smallville, Kansas, a childless couple, Jonathan and Martha Kent, find kal-el and raise him as their own, naming him Clark. Clark eventually becomes an isolated young man as a result of developing superhuman powers. he then learns his true origins from Jonathan, that is not from this world. Clark, indeed, are you who urges him keep his powers hidden. find out what you can do. it's gonna change everything. several years later, Jonathan dies in a tornado while refusing to let Clark rescue. burdened with guilt and looking for a new purpose in his life, Clark leaves to travel the world for an extended period of time under several disguises. several months later, metropolis daily planet reporter Lois Lane receives an assignment to investigate the discovery of a Kryptonian Scout ship in the Canadian Arctic, disguised as a worker, Clark enters the ship and activates its central computer using a key left by jor-el, which allows him to communicate with an artificial intelligence modeled after his father. the AI explains that Clark was sent to earth to guide its people, it will help them, and presents him with a Kryptonian uniform, burying his family symbol. while following Clark, Lois inadvertently triggers the ship's security system. Clark uses his powers to rescue Lois before wearing the uniform and testing his flying abilities. unable to convince supervisor Perry White to publish an article on the incident. I can't print this, Lois. I'm not running a story about aliens. Lois tracks down Clark and agrees to keep his secret safe. escaping the Phantom Zone, Zod and his crew intercept a transmission from the Scout vessel and travel to earth. whoever's at the helm of that thing is looking at matok, and deducing that kal-el is nearby, they broadcast a global address demanding that he surrender or risk war. Clark meets with the United States Army and agrees to comply, with Lois joining him, as a hostage. Zod reveals that he possesses advanced terraforming equipment, even a world engine salvaged from Kryptonian outposts, which he intends to use to transform earth into a new Krypton, so that Krypton can live again. his science officer, jax-ur, extracts Clark's genes to create Kryptonian colonists who will annihilate humanity and build a society based on Todd's ideals of genetic purity. I don't think they're interested in sharing this world. with help from jor-el. Clark and Lois flee and warn the US. military, this man is not our enemy. thank you. girl, just as Zod orders an invasion, Cal fights with Zod soldiers, and if history has proven anything, it is that evolution always wins and defeats them. Jack, sir, were feels that the Codex was never in an object, but hidden within Clark's own body when he was a baby by his father. Saad unleashes the terraforming world engine upon the earth, release the world that Clark is given the code name Superman. Superman, Zod visits the Genesis chamber and tells jor-el his plans for earth, I will harvest the Codex from your son's corpse. I will rebuild Krypton. Clark destroys the terraforming plant while his human allies launched a suicide attack. the death is a toll, killings odds troops, with the ship destroyed and Krypton's only hope of revival gone. sod vows to destroy the earth and its inhabitants. Zod fights supermen, and in the process, they both destroyed downtown metropolis. they then crash into a train station resort, attempts to kill some passengers, forcing Superman to snap his neck, killing him. [Music]. Superman persuade the government to let him act independently, so long as he does not turn against humanity, to allow access to dangerous situations without attracting attention. Clark takes a job as a freelance reporter for The Daily Planet. Susan Clark Kent a Billiken. keep watching for some fun Easter eggs and trivia on Man of Steel. in an early Smallville, seen near the Kent house. a truck passing by. in the background, there's the Lex Corp brand name. also a building in Metropolis and a tanker truck later bear the same name as well. this is the company run by Superman's arch rival, Lex Luthor. Henry Cavill naturally has a hairy chest and left it untouched for the shoot of this movie. he insisted that Superman has chest hair. in this film, he rejected the notion that just because you were muscular, you should not have chest hair, and cited the Superman comic book, The Death of Superman, as being an iconic representation in which Superman had a hairy chest. when Clark is first learning to fly, he is only able to make a few gigantic bounce. in the first few Superman comics in 1938, 239, he was not able to fly, but could only leap one-eighth of a like a high-powered kangaroo. the first cartoons and movies decided that this looked undignified and made him fly, which looks more majestic, even though physics give no logical reason for him to have this ability. the fortress of solitude in this film is a Kryptonian spacecraft secreted in the Arctic. this combines various comic versions of the fortress of solitude an Arctic location with a key like in the Silver Age comics in 1958, an artifact from previous Kryptonians, like The Adventures of Superman in 1989, and an abandoned ship, like in the new 52 comics of 2011. the Kryptonian ship had one pod left open before Clark entered. it was revealed in a promotional comic book that the ship was once occupied by Clark's cousin, Kara zor-el aka, Supergirl, possibly indicating her appearance in a forthcoming installment. if it is true, it would mean that she is at least 18 thousand years old, according to the carbon dating of the ship. a Kryptonian living this long is no surprise, as some of the comics tell us that Superman lives to be at least over 80,000 years old and is essentially immortal as long as the Sun remains yellow. the film released in June 2013, the 75th anniversary of Superman. [Music] 