Liss and Damien Chazelle. whiplash is one of my favorite movies of all time. like, if I would have started this channel in 2014, you would have heard me talking about that more than I've been talking about searching this year. if you haven't seen it, feel free to leave this video, go watch it, and then tweet at me on how it changed your life. there was that a second feature where, you know, I'm not necessarily a Lala hater. I actually really do like that movie. I still sing the songs. but it was still below whiplash for me. and now with this third feature, first man, again, another good one, jr. price, but still below the other two. I know, those movies building up to be out of this world. with Oscar buzz. it's actually kind of surprising that this is the first big blockbuster about near Armstrong. because, if you're like me, most of your moon landing info came from even Stevens [Music]. we went to the moon in 1969, 1968. but the year after, I'm mad that I still know that song. I thought, these years, you know that song. I see you lacking that said, well, I think that the first to thirst to this movie dragged longer than actually getting to the moon. ozone knows how to end his movies, and he's got a third act that you need to see an IMAX because it's gonna blow your mind, but probably not as much as the dumb controversy behind this movie would let me explain. so spoiler alert, in case you don't know anything about this movie. it's about how we landed on the moon, which I guess isn't a spoiler if you believe that they hired Kubrick to do it. but the main focus on this one is Neil Armstrong and his emotional drive to get there, and how he practically got used to seeing people die around him, starting off with his daughter. so he kind of, like ended up being the perfect man for the job. and while all the training stuff is cool, like that's what a majority of the movie is, just shots like this over and over. I think movies like the right stuff and Apollo 13 do that a little bit better. so if you like the first two-thirds of this movie, definitely go check out those. but what's easily the best part of the movie is that ending. because I'm telling you, you cannot watch this in a regular theater. well, I'm a huge fan of IMAX. my love for them is bigger than their screen. so when I was originally watching this movie, and the entirety of it is cropped out like a standard film, I was like, what is this? it wasn't until the third act where my man pulls a freaking Wizard of Oz and the entire display extends as they land on the moon. and it was freakin fantastic. that's not something that I can explain, right? that's you had to go experience that in theaters. but what I can't explain and break down is this controversy around the movie because they didn't show them plant the American flag on the moon like they do show the flag on the moon. and like I said, it's an IMAX, so you see it completely. but people are tweaking because they didn't see a male physically inserted into a hole. and yeah, this has been the year of dumb reactions, right? you had the Gaga fans writing negative reviews for the venom movie and vice-versa, even though they're completely different audiences. people were buying out solo tickets so other people can't go see it because they wanted a boycott. but y'all were spending and then fans think that star-lord did something wrong when he never did. but this one is hilarious cuz the people calling out the movie and saying that it's unpatriotic kind of haven't seen the movie, because right after they land on the moon, not only do they show the American flag, hell, they show an interview clip with a lady practically telling other countries to suck it because America won after they land. friggin girl sounded like the candidate running against Chris Rock for president. so it's just ironic, because the people complaining about it ain't Joe. ain't Joe supposed to be the one calling other people snowflakes. y'all here cutting your own merchandise. and before y'all jump on me saying, I'm so one-sided, I'm a cartoon I don't care, even the people who made this movie tried a little too hard, right? because it was very clear that they were trying to bait a reaction. y'all obviously omitted a clip on purpose. and then it was you guys who randomly talked about that clip before the movie even went public, because you knew you wanted a reaction. but when one of the biggest statements from the backlash of people calling a movie on patriotic is, well, we didn't show it because, you know, we, uh, we wanted to call it a human achievement. how like y'all forget the whole point of the space race was that it was a race. yeah, I even talked about it in the movie, the whole reason why we were trying to get to the moon was to beat out the Russians. well, they even legit have a main character who continuously prances in to talk about what the human achievement should have been, to not have NASA headquarters completely spend all of our tax dollars on grown white men wanting to see whose rocket was bigger, and instead on the poor people that we had in this country. and considering that none of us have actually been back up there, and they didn't even bring back cheese when they did, i'ma call facts on that. so to say it's a human achievement is like winning the Superbowl and then saying the other 31 teams deserve a piece of a long party trophy. all of y'all tweakin. thank you guys for checking out this video. i'm curious to know your thoughts. like I said, some people try to make controversy out of anything. but the point that I'm making here is that even though there's one side that's getting mad because the scene was wasn't shown, even though it still shows a bunch of other patriotic stuff, is that even the people who made the movie kind of baited that response. was this whole circle jerk in a sense, of people getting offended from each other. it's a little weird. but in terms of the movie, like I said, how am I supposed to do what? let me explain. on a man went to the moon. y'all know the story. some of y'all don't even believe it. but for the most part, like I said, it's a bunch of shaky POV shots from the outside, like it was on a GoPro. I personally feel the first two-thirds feels like a bad 40 X right in my opinion. still like a movie, like I said, that third act is fantastic. but I'm gonna tell you, I think like the most interesting parts are whenever they need to recalculate and figure things out a little bit better. but that movies called hidden figures. so if you like this movie, definitely let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and Gosling will finally eat a cereal 