Hello everyone, this is Mr. Brain Junkie here! and today we're gonna be talking about a supernatural thriller film called death note part 1, be ready for some spoilers ahead! In the night sky of the Tokyo city, a note book falls down from above, onto the streets, and the words death note appears on top of the cover. A person picks it up and begins writing a name on the blank page, while a criminal is running away from the pursuit of the police. The man takes a woman hostage and threatens to kill her, but suddenly begins convulsing in pain and dies on the floor to what appears to be a heart attack. The mysterious man writes another name, and the corrupt government official who avoided prosecution dies of a sudden heart attack as well. The man continues to write names of criminals on the pages, and the people begin dying one by one, regardless of their locations. This causes people to panic as the government thinks it might be a virus or a pathogen, but others believe that it's the work of a god from the underworld know as Kira. The incidents received mixed opinions as some people believe that Kira is a criminal for bypassing the law, but many also thinks that he's a savior of humanity. a young man who's name is light looks at the news from the intersection, where the police are trying to arrest a man who's taken numerous people hostage. He takes out the note book and writes the criminal's name, and moments later, the hostages are freed after the man died mysteriously. It turns out that he is the deity known as Kira and the person responsible for the mass killings Light is a college student who's recently passed the bar's examination and desires to work in the criminal field of the legal system. He goes to have lunch with his girlfriend Shiori, and the two debates about whether if Kira is helping humanity. The girl thinks that no individual should have the power to execute another person, as that would defeat the purpose of the legal system, but Light thinks that the laws are flawed as it allows too many criminals to go unpunished. Apparently, he hacked into the police database and saw numerous criminal cases dropped for various reasons, and the media kept this secret as to avoid public outrage. Light personally tracked down one of the criminals and saw the man's arrogance while confessing proudly about the killings to his friends. The criminal notices light watching them, and proceeds to intimidate the man, while boasting that no one can put him in jail due to his plea for insanity. From that moment on, light no longer believes in the legal system, but what he didn't tell the girl was what happened to him after. He walks out from the bar in shock after the encounter and throws away his textbook about law but at the same time, he notices the black book that is lying on the floor. He goes back home and opens the strange book, only to see a list of rules, where the first one states that whoever's name is written inside will die. He looks at the news where a criminal was charged with killing his girlfriend, and proceeds to write the person's name on the blank page, but doubts that anything will happen. The next morning, after waking up to have breakfast, light notices on the newspaper that the criminal has died mysteriously, and realizes that the book may have the power to kill after all. Light goes to the criminal he saw in the bar earlier, and decides to end his life by writing the name down. Shockingly, the man begins screaming in pain and dies in front of everyone. While still in a state of disbelief, light meets a terrifying creature on his way home, who claims to be a god of death named, Ryuk, and the original owner of the notebook. The creature explains that anyone who touches the death note is able to see the death Gods and use the notebook's power to kill. Light inquires about what the monster wants for the book, but Ryuk tells him to keep it without conditions. However, the creature warns him that the death note always brings it's user misery and suffering. Four months, the police investigators are still puzzled by the deaths, but the chief investigator, Yagami, strongly believes that these are in fact murders by the same person. He goes to his superior's office and gets a surprise visit from Watari, who speaks on behalf of a legendary detective, known simply as L. The old man takes out a laptop, where L speaks through to the police officers. He tells them that the incidents are not naturally occurring, as it doesn't fit any previous models of disasters. It's also unlikely that Kira is working with other, because the chances of getting caught increases dramatically with additional accomplices. With the people that he killed, Kira would need at least 80 people working under him, but so far the killer has been successful 100 percent of the time. When Yagami inquires about the apparent contradictions, L refuses to explain further and goes back offline. The police chief tells Yagami that he'll be working with L from now on, in the effort of capturing the mass killer Kira. Meanwhile, Light is celebrating the success of lowering the city's crime rates dramatically, and gives Ryuk an apple which the creature seems to love. He sees a news flash on tv, where a man who claims to be L promises the people that he'll catch Kira, and proceeds to insult the killer repeatedly. In a fit of rage, Light quickly writes the name of the speaker that's present on the name tag, and the man on the television dies of a heart attack after exactly 40 seconds. Just when he thinks everything is going as planned, L begins talking to Kira through the television, confirming that the killer is in Tokyo, as the broadcast was only made in the city. The man that just died was a convict on death roll, who was arrested in secret without the public's notice. L promises to catch Kira personally and claims to be the true justice. This challenge infuriate light, as Ryuk laughs hysterically at both of them. At the same time, L informs the investigation team about further leads that he found regarding the killings, after compiling the murders and their time of death. The data shows that Kira kills on the schedule of a university student, as no one has died on weekdays when classes are present. However, Light quickly realizes their findings as well, when he searches through the police database. This prompts him to begin killing criminals 1 per hour, and throwing off the supposed pattern. The investigators are confused by this, by L states that this only proves that Kira can manipulate the time of death, and also that he's connected to one of the investigators of this case. One day, light is walking with the death god in the park, and notices that strangely the monster is not eating the apple like usual. The man quickly realizes that they are being followed and scolds Ryuk for not telling him sooner, but the death God tells light that he has no obligation to help either side. At home, Ryuk explains to light that he takes away the remaining life of anyone who was killed by the note book and adds it to his own. He also reveals that he can see the names of everyone and their time of death. He tries to offer this power to light, at the cost of half of his remaining life, but the man refuses, knowing that this is nothing but a desperate measure. Light plans to win their battle by intelligence alone, and flips through the notebook revealing another rule, where he's able to control the manner in which someone dies in addition to the time. He tries out this ability by manipulating the convicts into killing themselves in very specific ways, which confuses the investigators even more, but not L, who realizes that Kira is experimenting. After confirming that the method does work in controlling his victims, he sees a criminal on the television and begins planning for his next move. The next day, the mysterious man continues to follow light as he takes the public transit with his girlfriend. The man gets on the bus and sits behind the main character, but light confronts the person directly for following him. Their conversation is cut short when the criminal that light saw on television last night takes the bus as well, and begins threatening the bus driver. Light tells the man behind that he plans to confront the criminal by himself, which forces the man to stop him and show him the badge as credential, but also revealing his name as Raye. Light drops a piece of the notebook on the floor, and the criminal begins rushing towards them, suspecting that they are trying to save the bus. He picks up the paper and threatens to shoot, but gets shocked when he sees Ryuk at the back of the bus, after touching the death note. The criminal fires at the deity numerous times with no effect, and runs off the bus in fear, but gets killed by a car that crashes into him. In turns out that this was part of a specific note written by light beforehand, and the criminal died exactly the way he wanted. He tells the police officer to ask him questions directly, as he'll never hide from the authorities. Raye goes back home still thinking about the case, but his fianc\xc3\xa9 Naomi reminds him that they have to go to the church as they are getting married very soon. She worries about Raye and tells him to be careful, as Kira is very dangerous, but the man laughs and reminds her that she took on more dangerous missions when she was working with L. On the other side, Light realizes that L must've sent numerous agents following anyone that was a potential suspect. He thinks that the only way to kill Raye without suspicions is if he kills all the agents at the same time. After making plans with Raye to see the father, the man rushes out and tells her that he must attend to something else, leaving Naomi with a strange feeling. Raye goes to the subway station while his fianc\xc3\xa9 follows him onto the train. He takes an envelope and sits down beside another man. To his shock, the documents were left to him by Kira and when he puts on the earphone, a distorted voice confirms being the mass killer. In order to prove that this is real, light kills the man sitting beside Raye, who's a criminal that managed to escaped the legal system. Of course, he planned this ahead of time and positioned the man right beside where Raye is supposed to sit. After seeing the man die as predicted, light tells Raye to write down every single name of the agents assigned by L, threatening to kill him if he doesn't. The man takes out the pieces of paper prepared by light and begins writing the names down. Light then tells Raye to leave the envelope and exit the train. Naomi sees her fianc\xc3\xa9 and calls out for his name, but the man feels a heart attack and faints to the ground. Before his death, he sees that Kira is actually the person he was following this whole time, and points towards the train before he dies. Light goes back to retrieve the envelope and reveals that he planned for the agents to all die the same way. In fact, he orchestrated this whole meeting with Raye as part of the man's death from the very beginning. After realizing that Kira is now killing police officers, the majority of the investigation team resigns, leaving only 6 members left. The group expresses their desire to meet L in person, as they feel that it's unfair for everyone to risk their lives while the mysterious detective hides in a safe place. L agrees to their request and orders Watari to bring them inside. When they enter the hotel room, the group is surprised to see that L is a pale man who doesn't really like shoes. They are further troubled by his demeanor, which reveals that he treats this as nothing more than a game. However, his deductive reasonings are extremely impressive as he figured out that Kira can control a person's behavior before they die. Yagami warns the man that this is not a game, but L replies that it doesn't matter as their objects are the same. At the same time, Naomi also begins searching for the person responsible for her fianc\xc3\xa9's death. She manages to find the bus driver that was present during the shooting, and discovers that light was the one her fianc\xc3\xa9 was following. The woman eventually finds Shiori and confirms that light was on the same bus with Raye. She tells the girl that she thinks light is connected with all the killings by Kira. On the other side, the investigators begin reviewing all the footages of the dead agents, and L notices that when Raye died, he was pointing towards the train, as if he knew Kira's identity. He tells the team about his findings and reveals the suspects most likely to be Kira, which includes the chief investigator's son. L wants to place cameras everywhere inside the suspect's household, which enrages everyone, but Yagami eventually agrees, knowing that it's only way to clear his family's name. Meanwhile, light begins preparing for L as he writes down the criminal's names a week ahead, just in case if he was put in a position where he couldn't kill anymore. Ryuk is impressed with the man's diligence, but quickly gets distracted by the television as he stares intriguingly at a girl who's performing for her show. The next day while reading the book of Nietzsche, Light gets a visit from Naomi. the woman gives him a business card with a fake name, and proceeds to accuse him of being Kira. Light refutes this accusation, but secretly begins writing the woman's name on the paper. He tells his girlfriend to leave as he claims that this is a waste time. However, Naomi stops him while he's leaving and tells light that the name she gave was fake. She reveals that Raye was her fianc\xc3\xa9, and promises that she will put Kira behind bars. Light goes home and before he enters his room, he notices that someone was inside before, by the broken lead on the floor which he placed earlier on the hinges for security. He begins thinking about what's going on, but decides to leave the house to reassess the situation. He tells Ryuk to look for the cameras and promises him apples for his reward. at the same time, the investigators continue to monitor the household, but finds nothing suspicious. L tells the people that the only way to exclude light from being a suspect is by having a murder occur while the man is under supervision. After many days, of watching the family, a criminal finally dies while light is not doing anything suspicious. This doesn't convince L, as the crime needs to be after the cameras were installed, because Kira is able to manipulate the time of death for his victims. on the 7th day of supervision, light takes a bag of chips after dinner and begins studying while having the snacks. The investigators watches the cameras as they hear on the news that a criminal was arrested for kidnapping. Surprisingly, moments after the announcement, the criminal dies of a heart attack, which is a signature way of killing by Kira. The investigators are exhilarated, knowing that this proofs that light is innocent, as there is no way he could be responsible for the man's death. However, L is clearly not convinced as he stares at the camera in shock. He tells Watari to remove the bugs from the household as Kira has clearly figured out how to bypass the system. The officers congratulate Yagami for clearly his family's name, but the chief notices that L is visibly unsettled by the results. It is revealed that Light was able to kill the criminal after all by hiding a radio inside the bag of chips and writing the criminal's name on the paper. Later that day, L receives a phone call from Naomi, who promises that she's going to reveal Kira's identity by risking her own life. light receives a call from his girlfriend, telling him to go to the art gallery for a date. It turns out that this was part of Naomi's plan as she points a gun at the girl. L monitors the situation quickly, while Yagami is furious that his son is still the prime suspect, and calls the police to surround the building. Light rushes to the art gallery, only to find that his girlfriend is being held at gun point. Naomi threatens to kill the girl in front of light if he doesn't admit to being Kira, but the main character continues to refute her accusations. The police arrives quickly which distracts the woman, and Shiori runs away at this opportunity. Naomi points her gun at the girl and fires, shooting Shiori right in the chest. Light runs towards his girlfriend and cries while she dies in his arms. Naomi looks at the situation in shock and shoots herself as the police tries their best to stop her. However, Light reveals that he planned for Naomi's death from the very beginning, as he noticed that the woman was getting married in a church when Raye died and discovered her real name by visiting the father. Light planned for Naomi to kidnap his girlfriend and eventually shoot herself at the end. When the death god inquires about his sadness for shiori, Light reveals that he planned for her death as well. Since you can't use the death note to make someone kill, he simply made the situation impossible to happen unless the shot that Naomi fired ends up killing his girlfriend. He only wrote that Shiori would be killed by a gunshot, but since Naomi was the only one carrying a gun in the whole building, the death note had to make her the killer. Ryuk is surprised to learn what light did, and claims that he's much worse than any death God that exists, because the girl truly did love him. Yagami tries to comfort his son about the girlfriends death, and light takes the opportunity to ask permission for joining the investigation team, claiming that he must avenge his girlfriend. A voice yells to welcome light to the team as both man turns around, only to see that L has chosen to appear in public. He takes out the same chips that light was eating, showing that he knows about how light was able to commit the murders. The two men stare at each other as they both realize that a new round of battle is about the commence. So what do you guys think about this movie? Let me know in the comments below! and if you like my video, please press like and subscribe for more! I'll see you guys next time! 