detective Pikachu is a 20-19 urban fantasy mystery film directed by rob letterman, based on the Pokemon franchise created by Satoshi Tajiri and serving as a loose adaptation of the 2016 video game of the same name. welcome to the Amagi. in today's video, we're going to recap the film detective Pikachu. before we begin. we publish new content every week, so be sure to subscribe to our Channel and ring the bell to get notified about our latest videos. in the Pokemon universe, Tim Goodman is a 21 year old insurance salesman who gave up his dream of being a pokemon trainer following the death of his mother in becoming estranged from his father, Harry Goodman. Tim is contacted by the police of rhyme city, a city where humans and pok\xc3\xa9mon lived together in peace, and catching him battling Pokemon, has outlawed and was told his father had died in a car accident. while visiting through Harry's apartment, Tim meets a Pikachu that is able to talk to Tim and be understood by him. they are soon attacked by a party of Aipom under the influence of a purple gas that Tim accidentally released, but escape at a cafe. Pikachu explains that he has amnesia, and his only clue to his identity or Harry's name and address on his hat, leading him to believe that he was Harry's partner. because Pikachu survived the car crash, he surmises Harry also survived. Tim shows the gas file to an aspiring journalist, Lucy Stevens, and she directs him to rime wharf. they meet an informant of Harry's a mr. mime, who directs them to an illegal Pokemon battle arena. the arena's owner, sebastian, recognizes pikachu, who had injured his Charizard in a previous battle, and demands a rematch. Sebastian doses Charizard with the purple gas, stirring it into a violent rage, and Pikachu is unable to summon his electrical powers to fight back. while attempting to save Pikachu, Tim knocks sebastian over and breaks several gas vials in his clothing, sending the arena's pokemon into a frenzy. the arena is raided by the police. and lieutenant Hideo Yoshida shows Tim's security camera footage of Harry's accident to convince him Harry could not have survived. Tim and Pikachu are contacted by Howard Clifford, the founder of rhyme city, who believes living with Pokemon is beneficial to his ailing condition. Howard shows Tim a holographic recreation of the car crash, revealing Harry survived and was captured by Mewtwo, who erased Pikachu's memory. Howard warns Tim that his son, Roger, is behind the gas R and tells him, if he finds Mewtwo, he can find his father. Tim and Pikachu recruit Lucy and traveled to the lab facility Harry was investigating, which had been experimenting on mutants synthesized are from its genes. they're attacked by a genetically enhanced greninja, and Pikachu is gravely injured. in the escape, Tim manages to communicate to a Bulbasaur for help, and the Bulbasaur takes Tim to a clearing where they meet Mewtwo, new to heals Pikachu. but before it can reveal its intentions, its captured by Roger. regaining his memory of helping you to escape. Pikachu believes he had betrayed Harry and leaves Tim to return to rhyme city alone. Pikachu comes across the arena where Harry crashed and finds evidence that it was the greninja, not Mewtwo, who is responsible. in rhyme city, howard reveals from u2 to tim and takes control of its body using a neural link helmet. howard explains that Mewtwo confuse humans and pokemons, allowing humans to evolve as Pokemon can. but this can only be done if the pokemons mind is in a confused state, thus the need for the are gasps. Howard releases are across the city using parade balloons and uses Mewtwo's powers to begin fusing humans with their Pokemon. Pikachu arrives and summons his electrical powers to battle Mewtwo, while Tim fights howard's bodyguard, Miz Norman, who reveals herself to be a genetically modified ditto who had been also impersonating Roger. with help from the real Roger, Tim subdues ditto and removes Howard's helmet, freeing Mewtwo from his control, Mewtwo restores the city inhabitants to normal. Howard is arrested and Roger hires Lucy is a full-time reporter, with Tim congratulating her afterwards by asking her on a date. Mewtwo explains that Harry helped me to escape, but was attacked by the greninja. and Pikachu volunteered to have himself fused with Harry to save his life, the experience erasing their own memories. Mewtwo separates the two, and Harry reunites with Tim and his human body. and Tim decides to stay in Rhyme City to learn how to become a detective and spend more time with Pikachu. Lucy and Harry. did you enjoy our video? be sure to check out these other great videos from the Amagi and make sure to subscribe and ring the bell to be notified about our latest videos. 