[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2004 zombie comedy film, Shaun of the Dead. so let's get started. the film follows a salesman named Shaun who has no real direction in life. his coworkers are rude. his stepfather, Phillip, doesn't like him, and his girlfriend, Liz, is unhappy with spending every date night at the local pub the Winchester. after a bad day at work, Shaun forgets to book a fancy restaurant for his anniversary with Liz. when he suggests that they go to the Winchester, Liz breaks up with him. he drowns his sorrows with his best friend and housemate bed. later at home, their housemate, Pete, complaining of a bite that he got from a drunk berate. Shaun and Edie to get their life's together. by the next morning, the zombie apocalypse has taken over London, but Shaun is too hungover to notice right away. eventually, Shaun and Ed encounter some zombies in their garden and are able to kill them. they come up with a plan to rescue Shawn's mom, Barbara, as well as Liz, and then go to the Winchester to wait for the whole thing to blow over. they take a car and pick up Shawn's mom, Barbara, as well as his stepdad, Phillip, who has been bitten by a zombie. they then go and pick up Liz and her friends, Dianne and David, his stepfather and Shaun make their piece together, just before Phillip dies of his wounds and becomes a zombie. the group abandons the car and travels on foot. the Winchester is surrounded by zombies, so they pretend to act like zombies to blend through the crowd. it seems to work initially. however, Edie answers a phone call stirring the hoard. Shaun leads the zombies away, while the rest go inside of the Winchester. and eventually Shaun returns. they take a Winchester rifle from above the bar to try to defend themselves from the zombies. Barbara reveals that she has been bitten, and before she dies, she gives her blessing to Liz and Shaun. Shaun ends up shooting his mother's reanimated corpse. Liz's friend, David is torn apart by the zombies and his girlfriend, dhyanne, rushes to rescue him. their housemate, Pete arrives, now a zombie and bites Edie. liz. Edie and Shawn go into the Winchester cellar and contemplate a suicide pact. rather than becoming zombies, they end up finding another way out. Edie stays behind to fend off the zombies for as long as possible. as they reach the street, the British army arrives and guns down the zombies. the film transitions to six months later after the outbreak, with most things being back to normal, and the zombies are now being used for cheap labor and entertainment. Liz and Shawn are now living in the house, and a zombified ad lives in the shed out back, where Shawn and zombie ette play video games together. so that was the spoilers for Shaun of the Dead. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check us out on our various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 