before i begin, let me stop by saying, hey, i see you creeping alfred. the star of our movie today is l would p down, please? i start up against in broad daylight with somebody screaming, i don't know how when he got that string around his damn neck. which leads me to my next point. that don't look like a rope to me. it it look like a damn string. oh, technically, a rope is a thick string. so now we're just hanging over semantics. and did you all know this movie was banned in some countries because it was assumed these two fine, upstanding citizens here were romantic partners. because apparently being lovers is the real evil in this movie, enjoying loving bad, enjoying murder. okay, these two folks are named brandon, he's the one right? and on the left here, that's phillip. and they done gone and committed themselves. are throttling with a string just for the sake of getting away with committing themselves with all their will strength. which leads me to my next point. this movie should have been called string, because that looked like a string to me. so they had david the throw out by string fella in a chest. and then they start talking. and then they keep talking, a bunch of philosophical [ __ ] about the power over life and death and right and wrong and michael jackson or prince and frieza tots. but frankly, i prefer onion rings. and to brag about committing themselves to throttling with a string. just for the sake of getting with committing themselves to throttling with a string, they decide to make the chest with a dead body a buffet table, or, as i like to call it, dining on the dead. all dining on david. or we could just go for the triple d, dining, i'm dead david. when the housekeeper arrives, she talks about how rupert cadell about to bust up in this joint and drop a beat. you see, rupert cadell is that old school headmaster who wrote about the intellectual and societal superiority of some folks over others. so now philip freaking because he found out the one man who can figure out they done did this dastardly deed, coming to dinner to dine on dead david. and that's the octod. but brandon is convinced rupert would approve of their, quote, work of art, unquote. okay, look, y'all, odd is when you drink multicolored milk and throw it up on lady gaga, or when you sink shakira's halftime show dance to cotton eye joke, or when you draw the outline of a cat over the picture of a president in such a way that his mouth looks like the cat's toe. that's odd. and so arrived. and then i guess kenneth janet, davidson, and david's daddy and rupert, who don't get the grand entrance. you just walk his long, tall, slicks up in there and observes the freak show. and he walk around like the pimp he is, unless everybody know he's there, and that if there's any murderers up in this party, he about to make them hit you. and then they start talking, and then they keep talking, and next thing you know, this movie's title becomes, daddy dining on dead david. damn. and then they keep talking. if they hadn't murdered david at the beginning of this movie, they will just talk them to death. and then they keep talking about murder and how it might solve a shitload of societal problems. who this scene here really make your butt pucker? pucker? i said, pucker. rupert's like, i think we should have a human hunting season. and david's dad is like, i don't like the tone of this combo, and frankly, you're freaking me the [ __ ] out. and brandon's like, oh, ruby's right, but human hunting should only be committed by people like me, psychos who off people in the middle of the day and then invite their daddies and chumps over to chow down on their cops. and rupert's kind of like, brandon, i happen to notice that when you talk about murder and inferiors, you start some seriously hard cheesing. and brandon's like, oh, rupee, baby, you so nasty. then davis woman starts getting a little fresh with her own ex nasty over david's dead body. ah. and all anybody wants to know is, where the [ __ ] is, david? and the housekeeper is like, hey, out here in the dining room. and these dumb [ __ ] come along behind me and move it all onto this tiny table. and once again, philip freaking and he's like, hey, miss, what your name? and you got an appointment with tony, miceli, magda benson and niles at your annual, we don't [ __ ] do windows convention. and she's like, see, that's why i cleaned the camera with damp toothbrush. oh, see. now you got rupert's interest very peaked. so he moves on over to philip and is like, so why do you lie about that story? brandon told earlier, that story jeff forgot to talk about him skip for time or whatever. and philip's like, i don't know what you mean. and rupert's like, little story about choking a chicken. and phillips like, civilized gentlemen don't choke down chickens. and rivers like, well, that's a little tmi, fella. but do tell why exactly does this subject make your took us tense. next thing you know, phillips gloops, really grabbing. because dead david's daddy was given a stack of books tied up with the string they used to commit themselves to throttling. i don't want to be too negative, but that right there looked to me like a man who delayed himself a cadbury egg. i guess that's what you get when you choke your chicken. then that knows it may start doing her damn job to nervous some people. and just when you think she had rupert about to habeas the compass, brandon's like, i think the not some time to trot. and it knows he made his roof with the wrong hat. it's david's. and now rupert is 100 certain that throttled body is lying somewhere in that apartment deceased. then rupert calls and wants to come back up. and once again, philip freaking but brandon's packing heat. then rupert arrives, and then they start talking. and then they keep talking because roofer wants them arrogant bits to know that he knows all about the chickens that been choking in their apartment. so he's like, if this was me, i invite david over, get him liquored up, play him a little ding and knock him in the noodle. and then that bit reaches in his pocket and pulls out the string. and philip grabs brandon's gun, and he and rupee engage in a little tussle. then rupert opens the chest, and he's like, oh my god. i thought that didn't smell a little funky. so brandon's like, but let me explain, rupert, it was easy to commit a throttling. all you gotta do is pretend you're the president and your victim is the usps. then rupert starts talking about right and wrong, up and down, left and right, laughing and crying, living and dying. and who'd have not made brandon god? anyway, so he shoots the weapon out the window to call for the po-po. and as the sirens ring out, brandon takes a final drink, and philip tickles the ivories one more time, because i've seen shawshank and they ain't got no booze. 88's only bibles up in that [ __ ]. but rupert just sit there like, oh boy, these folks [ __ ] up and they all lived happily ever after the end. be sure to like, share and subscribe for your regular of meth you can expect me to upload more videos whenever i can. and i could upload a lot more if i could reach my monthly patreon goal. i hope you all will go check it out and consider a small contribution. because all this talk of chicken got me hungry. four movies explained for i'm jeb so nasty. i'm telling you, mama, that's a damn strength 