welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, and this video we're breaking down what the ending of black summer season 2 and trails. this series has got a lot going on with it, and in this video, we'll be recapping the story, talking about the final few scenes and giving our review of the netflix show. if you don't want spoilers, then going past this part of the video is a grave mistake, and you'll just be slowing us down. make sure you like the video if you're not brain dead. and of course, don't forget to subscribe for videos like this each and every day. without the way. thank you for clicking this. now let's get into black summer season 2. now, in case you need a recap of the first season, then for the first part of the video, we'll be picking your brains by walking dead the journey that the survivors went on. so it's really bad puns. now, i'll also be going through the plot of season two beat by beat. but if you just want to skip ahead to the ending, then time codes are below. now, season one started after the outbreak of a deadly virus. this turned everyone into undead, flash eating monsters that would stop at nothing for some finger food. through the eyes of rose and several other survivors, we saw the rise of the zombies first hand, and we followed her as she attempted to rescue her daughter anna. after fighting through thick and thin, rose and her group managed to make their way to a stadium that had been advertised as being a safe haven. initially it seemed like a dead end. however, her daughter and several other survivors emerged, and we cut to black now, black summer season 2 should be called black winter, as it's a completely different landscape for the most part. but it's just as tense and nail-biting as the previous entry. whereas the prior season had people simply battling against the undead and the occasional school child, season 2 is very much about the group going against the elements. however, it also throws in the element that when the chips are down, humanity will very much turn on itself in order to survive. humans are self-centered and selfish for the most part. and seeing how they will happily step over one another just to get five more minutes of life makes for some incredible moments. nowhere is this exemplified more than in the opening of the show. we join lance, who you might remember from last season. and within the first two minutes, he's killed by a couple named luke and sophie so that they can take his car. in the first season, he had an entire episode where he was constantly chased by one of the undead. it was sheer nightmare fuel. and he somewhat reverses this when he becomes a zombie as he chases luke until the character crashes his car. in the opening, getting rid of such a big main character early on, after all he was trying to do was help people, is a brilliant way to start the season, and it lets us know instantly that humanity will be the real threat here. this nail in the coffin is hammered home when we cut to four months later and see a sole survivor in the snow being chased by a zombie. he makes it to a house, and mercilessly, he and the walker are shot by a sniper, who we later learn is actually rose. we then see two men fighting in the snow during the midst of an ambush. and whatever preconceptions you had, it becomes very clear early on that this is going to be about man versus man versus dead man. so bad. now, there's a line in the show in which they say, nobody is good anymore. and i think that this perfectly sums up the whole season. most shows and movies have a macguffin that the characters and villains want to get a hold of, but black summer is very much based around making it to a certain location. the first season was, of course, about reaching the stadium, and this one is about making it to an airstrip. if we go in chronological order, then we pick up with rose, anna, sun and spears out on the road attempting to get there. however, they're forced to make decisions that split them up. but their paths do cross later on in the series. now, son attempts to save spears, who rose was ready to leave behind, but in doing so, she's captured by a group led by a man named ray. rose and anna make it to a house in the wilderness, and here they're given sanctuary by a group of survivors in sight. however, we know from the way that the story is told, that she and anna end up being the only two survivors there. and they're willing to kill to keep a hold of it. the house is a great setting, and in the season, it perfectly demonstrates why rose goes from someone who's willing to trust others to someone who's ready to turn her guns on them. after one of the survivors heads out to get medicine for his mother, he doesn't return, and his brother, sonny, starts to suspect those inside are plotting against him. he commits murder, which in turn births a zombie. and this forces rose to kill everyone left in the house. the only survivor is a man named freddy, who is hiding up a tree after going out to get wood. but such a grand location on the market is quickly sought after we see that rey has learned of the airstrip too, and he and his group decide to storm the house. elsewhere on the road, spears comes face to face with a man named brathwaite, and we learn about his past. spears's life before season 1 was always ambiguous, and all that we knew about him was that he was a criminal. however, this is cleared up, and we learn that he's actually called james. james, or rather little james, used to carry out hits for his brother, big james, who, i have no idea why they were both called james if they're brothers, but never mind anyway. little james tried to kill brathwaite when he was younger, but he, of course, survived. unlike most of the characters in the show, though, brathwaite and james decide to let bygones be bygones. and the pairport ways, realizing that the future is more important than the past. now, unlike most of the characters in the show, because they choose to do this rather than turning on each other, the pair survive. their journey is laced with lots of metaphors. and though might be reaching in the wilderness, they do see a black rider on top of a white horse, which is thought to be the personification of death when we look at religion, we never learn the identity of this rider. and though this mysterious figure stalks them throughout the landscape, they never end up dicing with death. brathwaite even refuses to shoot him when he has a chance. and if our metaphor is correct, then this might be why he's spared. his journey ends with him and james coming across the horse by a stream, and james almost of mice and men's him, but he lets him live. it's a really emotional scene that shows the character arc james has gone on. and i really hope that next time we do come across breath wait. and the perspectives are switched several times, as are the actions, with rose receiving sanctuary in the house before taking it over herself and denying it from others. the show jumps back and forth between the time periods, showcasing the origins for certain characters and the aftermath of their actions. i very much felt that this had a last of us part 2 vibe, in that we had two clear sides in the show that we both saw things from the perspective of. though it would be easy to say why one was good and the other was the villain, both were clearly doing what they had to survive, making for a really thought-provoking narrative that would constantly have you switching sights. after losing the house, rose and co head out into the dead snow with a man named boone. he promises there's a magical place where, on our way there, yes, with the food all under one roof, it's called elk valley lodge, now here. rose anna and boone find a great setup, and they decide to lay low there. james arrives on foot after hearing about it from brathwaite. there's a very tense exchange, but ultimately, both have come to accept what they are and who they've become, even if they don't like them. james has realized that he is, in fact, dying, and that he can either turn into a zombie or end it before then we learn that he's been attempting to take his own life, but he can't do it unless he asks anna to kill him. instead, anna shoots him. and these actions very much affect rose as she realizes that she's hammered into her daughter the idea that you should leave people behind if they slow you down. james, those slowly dying, just wanted to lie low and live out his final days at the lodge. he said the grass wasn't always greener and that the air strip might just be another dead end. ana clearly thought the opposite. and i think we can make the connection that rose viewed her daughter as following in her footsteps when it came to just cutting off the dead weight the season ends with all factions converging on the airstrip. and it makes for one hell of a finale. a group of survivors, led by a man named leda, are the first to arrive, and rey and cole follow shortly after. sun is with the ladder, whereas boone is with the former. and he's killed and allowed to turn so that he can slow anyone else down who arrives at the airstrip. rose and anna hide their guns and surrender to rey. and when the undead arrive, they all hide in a hangout, which turns out to be a trap put in place by the leader. rey is badly beaten up, but before anything else can happen, more zombies converge on the area. the plane comes into land, and using a flare gun that she nabbed from a first aid kit, rose shoots some explosive barrels that send both her and ray flying back. she's badly injured during this, and though anna ends up leaving her in the end, she refuses to board the plane, the words of james still clearly ring in her head, and she doesn't leave her mother behind. rose's actions showed that she would dump people at the first sign of trouble. but anna very much goes against this. in the end, realizing that people are stronger together, anna ends up finding her mother at death's door, potentially about to become one of the undead. ray and anna have their guns pointed at one another, but they lower them, realizing that it's pointless. the pair both lay down to die, and their fates are both left as a mystery. now a big question that you obviously have here is whether rose is alive or dead. and there are really two ways that you can take it. firstly, rose closes her eyes as she breathes heavily, but then they shoot open, almost as if she's defined. however, anna looks at her before taking her eyes to the road, almost to symbolize that she knows her mother is a goner and that she's gonna have to head out into the world on her own. the fact that she doesn't go out to help rose, i think, does showcase that she's dead. and if we're being honest, for how badly beaten up she is, i can't see her surviving past this point. rose was very much about teaching anna how violence only leads to more violence, and that if humanity wants to survive, they have to work together. the plane very much represents this. and sun gets somewhat of a happy ending for the meantime when we realize that the pilot can speak korean. it's nice that she can find some commonality with someone, finally. but we still don't know where this is going or why it made so many dangerous trips in order to pick people up. i kind of get the feeling that something far more sinister is going on, and james is warning that the grass isn't always greener. definitely rings in my head during this. now we do know that this show is a prequel to zed nation. and though there have been conflicting reports over whether it ties in or not, every time i look into interviews about the continuity, they always make it clear that things are connected. now because of this, i actually think this plane might tie in with the vaccine experimentations that set up that show. said nation took place three years into the zombie apocalypse, and we learned that several people were unwillingly forced into taking part in a vaccine test in order to see if there was a cure for the disease. though it pains me to say it, i really think that this is where sun is headed off to. and it's the only reason i can think why a plane would make constant trips to pick people up. remember, this show is very much about how humanity will turn on one another to get what they want. and keeping that aesthetic in mind, it just seems like the most likely thing. sorry, guys. now, we also see in the finale that a character named mance survives. i think that next time he and anna will team up and head out together. they might even head back to the lodge. and it is possible that here they will meet brathwaite. we still, of course, also have the radio signal that they may start to investigate. and the next destination that they head to could be where the plane was going. however, we do know from the refueling comment that this is very far away. banana does have a car, so they could eventually reach it, though it would take a lot of time. now, that's definitely where i can see the season going. and as for my thoughts on the show, again, i really, really enjoyed it. i'm going to say outright, yeah, and sit down for this. i think this might be my favorite zombie show. and due to its use of one takes scenes, non-chronological storytelling, and the plot reveals it's a blast to get through. last season had its critics, but i absolutely loved it, and season two is no different. whereas season one was more about rose fighting to get her daughter, this season is very much about keeping a hold of her in a world that's slowly becoming more and more dangerous. rose is a completely different character to what she was in the first season, and she's ready to kill any person she comes across, even if they think the wrong thought. bloody thought police, am i right now? this makes her way more complex, and it's relentless watching them going from tense situation to tense situation. when discussing rhodes with screen rant, jaime king, who plays her, said that the creative team very much went in with the idea that rose was dead. i don't mean literally, so hold your horses, but this idea that rose was completely dead as a person. king said she studied mothers who had been through traumas involving their children, and she used real-life instances of how it changed them to shape her character. even decisions like cutting her hair so that it was shorter than season 1 was done to show that the old rose was gone. in the first season, she was far more hopeful that society could return to normal. however, here, this change is done because short hair is practical, will cover her ears and keep them warm, and it can't be grabbed. because of this, there's a real feeling of authenticity here. another main complaint is there's not much character development due to them not really speaking to one another. i think through their actions, they show how they are. black summer was brilliant to me. and if you hated it, guess what, i don't care. i absolutely loved it. it was a bit of a difficult series to score, as it had some really high moments some low ones. but overall, the good far outweighs the bad. black summer was a blast, and it gets an 8.5 out of 10. now obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the season and the ending, so make sure you comment below and let me know. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize draw on the 30th of june, in which we're giving away three copies of the mcu phase 3 box set. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video. make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the season. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of army of the dead, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over all your unanswered questions and brought some clarity to it. so definitely give it a watch. if that movie left you confused, without the way, thank you for sitting through the video. i've been poor. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 