[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2008 horror film The Strangers. so let's get started. after rejecting a marriage proposal at a friend's wedding reception, Kristen and her boyfriend, James, arrived at James's childhood summer home tired and irritable. James calls his friend Mike to ask him about picking him up in the morning. shortly after 4:00 a.m. however, there is a knock at the door. a young blonde woman asks for Tamra. when they told her that she is at the wrong house, she leaves, saying that she will see them later. James starts a fire in the hearth, and, due to the tension between them, leaves to purchase cigarettes for Kristin. Kristin realizes that the chimney is closed and attempts to open it. the smoke alarm is triggered, and while attempting to disarm it, she is startled by another knock at the door. she drops the alarm to the floor and retreats to the bedroom. she calls James's cellphone from the landline, but their call is cut short. when she returns to the living room, she sees the smoke alarm sitting on the chair and realizes that somebody else has been in the house. she hears noises from the backyard and arms herself with a knife and opens the curtains to see a man wearing a sack mask staring at her. she stumbles into the hallway and watches the front door open. when she goes to push the door closed, she sees the blonde woman outside wearing a doll mask. she locks the door and hides in the bedroom, hearing people outside banging against the walls of the house. the noise eventually stops, and James returns. after she explains what happened, he finds his car has been ransacked, and the blonde woman from earlier watching from afar. his phone's battery is stolen, and he realizes the house has been breached. the couple attempt to leave in James's car, but a third masked stranger in a pin-up girl mask rear-ends them with a pickup truck, forcing them to flee back inside the house, Kristen and James find a shotgun and wait for the intruders in the bedroom. Mike arrives and realizes something is wrong. after seeing the smashed car in the driveway. he enters the house, and James, mistaking him for one of the intruders, shoots Mike dead. devastated, James remembers an old radio transmitter in the backyard shed. he leaves and encounters the woman. when James tries to shoot her, the masked man knocks him unconscious. kristan, here's the shot, and runs to the shed. she finds the radio, but the pin-up girl smashes up. Christiane rushes to the house where she is incapacitated by the masked man. when James and Kristen awake, it is morning and they are tied to chairs. Kristen asks why they are doing this, to which the blonde woman replies, because you were home. the strangers then a mask themselves to the couple off screen and take turns stabbing the couple in the stomach. and chats before leaving, they drive past two young boys who are distributing religious pamphlets. Dollface asks for a pamphlet. the boy asks if she is a sinner, and she replies, sometimes. the strangers drive away as the pin-up girl says, it'll be easier next time. the two boys come up to the house and discover the chaotic scene. one boy approaches Christin body, and as he reaches out to her, she wakes up in screams. so that was the spoilers for the strangers. and he have another film you'd like to see me spoil. please let me know in the comments below. check us out in our various forms of social media. and please look for our monthly giveaways on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 