welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and this morning there's been rumors released that the next ant-man storyline will appear on Disney Plus, rather than be a fully fledged film for the franchise. this comes from infamous Lord of the leaks himself, Mikey Sutton, who famously broke news about spider-man being in civil war back when Disney was denying it. and the MCU head has built a big reputation recently for coming out with news way before it makes it to the headlines. today, Mikey posted the following discussing ant-man's return. when ant-man was released in 2015, Marvel Studios didn't have access to the x-men and Fantastic Voyage, it was easier and perhaps necessary, for them to take chances on lesser known characters that they own the rights to. but with the mutants and the FF now in the Disney catalogue, awaiting theatrical space, after billions spent on Fox, it will become tougher for even the smallest of Heroes to find a spot on the roster. I found out before D 23 that the sequel to ant-man in the wasp wasn't going to be announced their first. I love the ant-man movies. they're among my favorites in the MCU. witty, quirky and fun. they capture childhood memories of reading Bronze Age Marvel Comics. modestly budgeted, both below 200 million. the ant-man movies were certainly hits, especially overseas. they grossed 500 to 600 million range worldwide, which was what they were expecting. however, when you have heavy hitters like the x-men and the Fantastic Four on the bench, and you can only produce a certain amount of movies every year, you have to prioritize. I was told weeks ago that Disney is weighing the options for the ant-man franchise, and that leads to Disney Plus. it may seem like a step down, but it isn't. the Disney Plus Marvel shows are Feige productions with large budgets. as of this moment, ant-man is headed to Disney Plus in the form of a miniseries. this could change, however, as Marvel wants to pursue new genres with shang-chi and blade while tapping into the Fox IPs in the future. the ant-man franchise is literally made for Disney. plus, they were highly popular with families. the cord is d+ demography. they weren't made to be billion-dollar blockbusters. and this will enable them to flesh out the supporting cast of characters such as Louise. every day is like Sunday, Mikey, sir. now, whether this turns out to be true or not, and I have to reiterate that this is a rumor, it does make a lot of sense. ant-man, when you look at the grosses, always makes a profit. but in terms of other films, I think it's safe to say that the movies box office is rather modest. as certain says, the character is built for families, and Scott Hope and Cassie certainly feel a better fit, to me, at least, to be in a TV show rather than a full film. this could also explain why we never got an announcement of a third film in the face for lineup. as ant-man films to this point have been rather small-scale, excuse the pun. and there's no reason why he can't adapt to smaller screens, excuse the pun. again, we know that Disney Plus has been put in place for characters like this, so it makes a lot of sense to really use the platform to tell these kind of stories. and I think, even if the rumor is unverified, it does sound like it has the potential to be true. reading the headline and report, this just makes sense. and seems to be a smart move on Disney's part, who now have attained so many franchises that it makes sense just to ship things out. I think it's a big win for Disney plus two, and almost makes the platform required at this point because of all the big shows that it has on it. Paul Rudd is, of course, really busy too, with the upcoming Ghostbusters reboot and the new Netflix show that he's doing, which could branch off into a second season if it's successful. so this makes sense in terms of his calendar as well. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this. and if you think it's fair on the character or not, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and share it. and make sure you check out my breakdown of all the times that penny wise appeared in the background of a scene. and it chapter one, in two. I guarantee there's some in there that you missed. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey. also just want to let you know that we're currently giving away a free copy of spider-man far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video. make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the m-mine news in the comments section below. the winner will be chosen at random on October the 15th, and the blue arrow be shipped out from then. - if it gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 