listen, I personally think this movie is like a YouTube read original film that should have got released for free. but, well, I think it's terrible. I did make a deal with the Slenderman, so if you don't watch this whole video right here and share it, I'm sorry, but he's gonna find you at night. let me explain. so a quick recap on this creepy Gabe from the office, lookin, dude. he was created by Eric Knudsen for a Photoshop challenge that went viral about this slender man in a suit who terrorizes children. but he he also gets it like, pick and choose at random who he terrorizes and who he keeps a screenwriters dream. he's had his own series, a couple of video games, a documentary, several other movies with doug jones actually killing anyone, keeping his creepy streak of characters. but then in 2014, two twelve-year-old girls didn't know how to keep an internet meme online and made the pasta extra creepy by actually stabbing another girl because Slenderman told them to. how. because of that, they won't even show the movie in Wisconsin, of course, Wisconsin. but it's what year olds like that that cause other creepy memes like Comeau mo meme to emerge, where you contact a whatsapp number and it sends you creepy stuff and eventually dares you to kill yourself, which a girl also did. how the best way to not find yourself in the movies position is by not even positioning yourself to watch this boring movie. see, this movie decides to rip off a little from the ring, where this group of girls watched this video with a bunch of images after closing their eyes for three bell rings, and boom, their haunted. what did you think you were gonna get out of this game? they all start getting terrorized by this operator, since he's practically Randall from Monsters Inc and can just slither around to sneak up on him. but if you remember that movie the gallows, where half of it wasn't even scary, it was just zooming in on rope why played really loud creepy music, that's what this movie does, but with tree branches. by the time they actually show this fool, he's looking like a PlayStation 1 graphic. I was more worried about Slender Man scoliosis since he's so tall. instead of the girl safety, especially when you see how dumb they are. first off, the red head, you know as a gonner. since this girl's been in Ouija and oculus, she has a pattern of wanting to die after her disappearance. the rest of them start getting advice from a mental health patient online, who tells them that they have to sacrifice what they love the most in order to stop the Slenderman. but instead of Sparta kicking Gomorrah, like Daniels dead, they pull up with a picture one legit just brings a missing sign of the friend that she misses. like damn, even Kane offered up more to God in Genesis, and that dude was kicked out of Eden. obviously, Slenderman thinks that their show-and-tell sacrifices are trash, and he continues to hunt them down one by one. and he actually does this thing where he makes it seem like they're choking themselves. they're the ones freaking themselves out, that it's all in their heads. so we get one chick who doesn't die, but just turns into rocket racoon and loses her mind. the track star can't outrun him either, and almost loses her sister because Ramona over here decides to sacrifice her friend's sibling. sweet Beezus. both of them realize that it's never going to stop, and they just gotta sacrifice themselves. and Joey Kings like, look, I was in the kissing booth. I've already made worse decisions and get swooped up by a branch and dies. slender man then pulls up with that infinity war spider-man suit thing that chased the final girl. and since he already stole a little bit from the ring with the video, the man straight objects the tree, raping scene from The Evil Dead, consumes the girl, and then it ends. yeah, I'm a just way for that movie. a ballet. Llorona. [Music]. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm Kirsten. are your thoughts down below in the comment section? I personally thought this was extremely boring. you know, I had no idea what the movie was doing. I think you can't have an interesting story when it comes to Slenderman. I think Slenderman can be a very interesting character. it's, it's cool to see how it like, just popped off, not go to sea. when people take it a little bit too serious, but I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comments section. did you like this movie? is there a better story or game or comic book or manga, or anything else out there dealing with Slenderman that you think would be better? definitely let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, or Slenderman is gonna find you at night. 