the film begins in media's residential with the space fortress sdf-1 macross trying to evade the zentradi at the edge of the solar system. the macross houses an entire city with tens of thousands of civilians who are cut off from earth after it had executed a space fold on the first day of the earth-sentrati war, taking the city section of south atteria island with it. during the latest assault, valkyrie pilot hickory ichijo rescues pop idol lin-man may, but are both trapped in a section of the fortress for days, even after their eventual rescue. this fateful meeting leads to a relationship between the singer and her number one fan. the zentrati, meanwhile, discover the debilitating and disruptive effect that human music has on the rank and file troops. their supreme leader, gorg bodalizer, suspects that the human culture is deeply related to an ancient music box he has kept with him for ian's then the zentrati discover an opportunity to examine the humans further when hicaru borrows a valkyrie trainer unit without permission and flies mid-may across saturn's rings. the zentradi capture hikuru and minmei, along with lieutenant misa hayes, minmei's cousin slash manager, lin k fun, and hikuru superior roy fokker. in the ensuing chaos, aboard brataikratinik's ship, the humans are being interrogated about their culture, when a squadron of melt randy led by milia 639, invades the ship, giving the humans a chance to escape. picaroo and misa escape from the ship, but is killed, and minmei and k fun remain aboard, while the two officers get caught in a space bowl. exiting from the fold, hikaru and misa arrive on a desolate world that turns out to be earth, as the entire population was wiped out by a prior zenrotti attack. as the two officers roam the remains of the planet, they become closer. they also discover an ancient city of the protoculture, where the mysterious origins of the alien giants is revealed. in the city, misa discovers an artifact that contains lyrics to an ancient song. many days later, the macross arrives on earth, just as hicaru and misa are debriefing their story to captain bruno j global. the fortress is attacked by a melt randy fleet. during the battle, ace pilot maximilian genius defeats milia aboard the mel trondy's main ship, which destroys the macross main cannons with one shot. the melt randy are forced to retreat. when the zentraati arrive with minmei's singing voice as their weapon, captain global announces a truce and a military pact between the macross and the zentrati. hicaru and minmei reunite, but minmei realizes he is now with misa. meanwhile, miso works on translating the ancient song for use as a cultural weapon, as requested by vodalyzer. however, when the melt randy returned to attack, bodilyser loses patience and recklessly has his capital ship wipe out half the fleets of both factions. once again, the macross finds itself in the middle of a brutal war. hickory persuades minmei to perform the translated song. as the macross flies across the battlefield, minmei's song causes a union with brittai's fleet and the melt randy against baudelaiser. after the macross breaks into botaliser's ship, hickory flies his valkyrie into the supreme commander's chamber and destroys him with his entire arsenal. after boatalizer's ship is destroyed, macross bridge officer claudia lasalle asks why the song caused such a turnaround to the war. misa explains that it is a simple love song. the film ends with a concert by minmei in front of the rebuilt macross. [Music] you 