before we begin, let me start by saying, I don't mean to cut on somebody's hard work, and I don't want to sound like a bandwagon hater, but I could have guzzled bantha milk and burped a better script the stalls of our movie today. ah, PO Wraith in solo. lady, Oh, play. our story begins with bad acting. we'll first some scrolling backstory text to let us know what we're looking at. miss, some stormtroopers looking a little tipsy and like they could have had a v-8. been some bad acting. we're just all they want to be on the Indiana Jones reject set hi. damn foe in the Droid. that's original. facepalm. I think that's supposed to be scary. then, obut gone. that was fast. his paw was smaller than kylo resin stormtrooper. sad. better. quick stare down to see whose helmet blinks first. BB, rolls off with the info, while the captive is taken to the ship. and what? you ain't read the Job Description, but you can't be any geek off the street. you gotta be handy with the steel, if you know what I mean. earn your keep. skip to sandpeople lady who seriously pisses me off with this. I'm so thirsty. let me waste these last few drops bullsh she also happens to be the captain of the 2021 tokyo olympics, jakku national bobsled team. it's like, Cool Runnings, but hot, hot runnings. she is also a dumpster diver who drives a hoopty. Oh, yummy. it's the Dino turd. just add water. and she enjoys her picnic outside her double-wide atat who should roll up but bb-8. convenient, I know. and she's like, well, now, say 2/3 south, and this right here will hook you up with i-40 East. if you turn right, they'll take you to Amarillo, Flagstaff, California. and if you head back that direction, you'll find a whole lot of nothing, all the way to Canada. do you want to follow me? bit fine. come on. well, son, it's like this script was written by a teenage girl. I'm surprised they don't and ever since then, bro, I'll break you out. bro, yeah. bro, then they like this HOD he literally said, switch weapons on the right, aim with the left. and they like, it's complicated. it sounds about as complicated as a chicken cheese slot machine. that's it, illegal child gambling. you know, I could see how both chucky cheese and this movie might appeal to children. my name is Finn, as in Finn noggin dude. bro, yeah, bro, my name is Paul. bro, as in tinky winky dipsy laa-laa po po. bro, yeah. bro, nice to meet you, tinky-winky. bro, didn't a bunch of irrelevant screwball comedy bullsh long story short, Finn Poe and Ray all become Bros, and Bros don't hold hands, you. and now dis burns him to get the Falcon into this movie as quickly as possible, because they need to get you on a statue juice is flowing, because, God knows the story wasn't good enough to get you up some theater seats because you've already seen it in 1977. and once again, I'm feeling like this is something that would have impressed the four year old me, but the grown man me is just looking at this pile like this. so the junk out baby and her bro fly the big bird to safety, and they get slurped up by han and chewie space barge. now this is the face of a man who knows this franchise is going straight into the [ __ ]. and he's just here to get one last big fat check before his character gets stabbed in the titty like a chump, so he can get the [ __ ] out. you own solo. I used to be, I changed my name. now I'm foot duo. you know leg yeah, I knew Luke and I knew a sister. this movies too damn long. damn it. and a bunch of boost anchors to do with the plot. blah, blah, blah, blah, this is a mistake, huge this movie. in the sentence, then Finn gets hauled off by the Kraken. in all these years, you ain't never used Chuy's bow caster. all the times you two been up creek without a paddle, and you never had to bust a bolt in somebody's career. Paul's bare back, y'all, some stink lemur cat got in the little box and left a little Popo. damron. sorry. false alarm. I'll just smell this movie. you must soon stab your daddy in the titty. I will do the job. you don't deserve to sound like a man. good and don't you dare say a word about my child. but crackhead lost our short emo girly man worshipped mr. buck mckeon. emo girl, a man must kill Pappy to obtain droid who contains map to uncle Lukie. Pappy Han possesses incomplete map to uncle Lukie. and he tells the story of one failure of a sperm emission who single-handedly undid all the great work of the one great Jedi, who cannot be found due to one incomplete map. then Hans like, you got a lot to learn, but I ain't gonna teach you. at the end of this movie. I'm collecting my big fat check and getting up out. seriously, who could've just had one line in this whole damn movie? guy, mold, come on. that would have been hilarious and much more interesting if I just ran around the whole damn two hours and 17 minutes and 57 seconds saying, come old. come old. got old. tell me dis muhfucka. ain't a fan of Twilight. tell me probably got posters a bell all over his bedroom. you know the reason that mask is burnt ins because he wasn't a total of a dad. he came back from the stall. eventually, somewhere on this planet nobody cares about, ray finds the Skywalker hand-me-down lightsaber, just laying out there for any good a snatch. and she apparently nibbled some magic mushrooms, cuz you don't go crazy girl soldiers for pink. oh, then there's a long fight. skipper, if you hold a lightsaber to your face, can't you get a tan? I'm just wondering, we ain't getting much Sun these days. and now she's wounded. and now here's one. we got thee. and now her union of the two old, wrinkled bodies they used to thrash around together. wait, are they divorced? bro-bro, I had this kind of girlfriend, but she got these, bro. and then, don't be afraid, I feel it too. what kind of perverted pickup line is death he sees? must have been held a film. he just stand there holding up his hand while you push all the blood in your body up into your head, looking constipated. in the new Death Star thingy, how is it powered? it draws its energy from that Teletubbies Sun. baby. all we have to do is find the magic button. there's the magic button. I'll take down the shield, but it's got to be there. okay, we get you there, then I'll blow up the big boom-boom ball. I always did hate seeing you leave, because my flat, because your kids are big. what can I do to make it up to you? go bring up bashira shine bag. telling Mama's guys, that's whoopin lobby. muffin, he don't give us be just to leave in a few minutes and never come back on the planet that contains the new big, boom-boom weapon. han and Finn encounter that woman. I forgot to miss him because she was in irrelevant. and they put her in something somewhere, but who knows where, because she still can irrelevant. then obligatory few fuse and Boom, Boom's while Han and Chewie make their way to that Twilight loving al James reading, friend of Veda, your damn daddy, old and slow, you cold-hearted emo father, killing. if Leia was there, she'd be like, our supplies, like Terri read, you got a pot and cause it. put your ice over down. but I said, put the damn thing down. put the lice over down. dammit. oh, he stabbed his daddy right through. Teddy. I got a pal decisis of my land Falcon waiting for that. hey, you can't fight off this wimp - ain't even got the cojones to fulfill the mindless deeds of our stormtrooper. this is why you ain't never gonna be as powerful as da Slater. you know what it took to defeat Darth Vader? obi-wan, flip-flopping. it's all over a lava planet. why is the granddaughter of the Palpatine more powerful than the grandson of the chosen one? because we don't know who this character the child of yet. so they destabilize the fusion reactor, and you know what they did? loosen up. they all escaped somehow. and Chewie gets too cold shoulder. then he finds the nearest cliff and jumps off because he couldn't live without Han. and the last thing anybody heard was, and then you hear a little splash, and not who comes out of his coma, and they piece the map together. you carry, dad died. so go find Luke, take the chip and a dog and a saber. and when she finds them, they just stand there with Luke looking at like bid if I wanted that thing out of kept the damn damned. be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe. feel regular fix of myth because I own a little joint. allies never. thank you to these wonderful patrons, without whom this channel would not exist. Mario stock, kitten dissing. Dan W whiskey, Maria T. Michelle W. Donna be Michelle see. Roz grieves, fat cat. Sylvia Davis see. Kelly is car OS, Tina D Brian P, Bethany see. David M Christine Caine. wanna M chupacabra. f1. ha, PT FJ, melissa s Adrian P Allison, l ma e, anonymous. BH, melon m and autumn. M, love you. meth. my pinch full. movies explain for I'm Jim Jedi died. Paul Bay lay low, so Finn Rey PO 