hey, i'm not even starting with some stupid joke this time. like, can we please just give a round of applause for shield bringing back bill paxton's character through his son, james? what an amazing tribute. now, as you can probably guess, i'm very excited to talk about this week's episode of agents of shield. there's a lot going on in it, and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down the entire thing. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything ruined, then i recommend that you turn off now. please drop a thumbs up if you enjoyed the video, and make sure you subscribe to the channel for breakdowns on the show week by week. without the way, this is the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host. definition. now let's get into our breakdown of episode 10. okay, so a super villain walks into a bar. that's not a joke either. that's that's just how the episode starts. now, nathaniel malek is out and about recruiting all the bad guys he can. and he goes to a young john garrett, saying he wants him on board his team. he reveals everything that's going to happen to him and how he will eventually become a member of hydra after shield refused to rescue him. in case you don't know, what malek told jon, happened in the original timeline, and this led to the character becoming the first subject of project death lock. jon became a villain known as the clairvoyant, who, due to his level 7 shield clearance, was able to gain access to several special ops and stop them before they were able to fully complete their mission. jon also became a sort of surrogate father to grant ward, and his relationship mimicked coulsons with daisy, providing a sort of family war. in the earlier seasons. john was eventually killed by coulson, but by the way that the events play out in this season, i don't think that we can take any of the past timeline. it's a given. malik gives him the big pitch, and jon initially doesn't believe his prophecies, but after the villain shows off his quake powers, jon decides to join him in his quest for world domination. with the title screen, we get to confirm that we're back in the 80s once more. and at the lighthouse the group meet back up with roxy glass, who's become a fully fledged shield agent. we learn that the rest of the team also joined up with the group, but that they're on different assignments. however, she hopes that they will be reunited with them at the triskelion. coulson states that it shouldn't actually be built yet, which further hammers home just how badly the intervention of the chrono comes has messed up the timeline. they realize that they need to put things back to the way that they were, and thus decide to help out afterlife in their fight against malik. elsewhere, in one of the basement labs, daisy questioned simmons over why owaishi had a breakdown last week, over remembering what happened with fitz due to the loop correcting everything. simmons doesn't actually remember any of this anymore, and thus can't really help out. we'll get into more of this in the breakdown, but there's definitely a lot of questions hovering around what's happening with bits. in this entry, they reach out to jaya ying, who teleports in with gordon, and we jump across to malik showing john around his home since the events of episode 8, he and his group have taken over afterlife, and they now run it as their headquarters. malik was going to rename it, however, after realizing that everyone he'd brought there inevitably had a tragic end, he decided to stick with the name. malik reveals that he's been able to see into the future due to a device called the time stream, which was sent back from the future by the chronocoms. it's revealed that the time stream is actually a sort of communication device with sybil that allows her to reveal the future to whoever enters it. it's kind of funny that she's pretty much become a fortune teller at this point, but i'm sure that she's going to be back and better than ever. we're also introduced to dr grady. i think this might actually be a nod to eric o'grady, who's a villain from marvel comics. grady was a hydra goon that was masquerading as a low-level shield agent. and he gained access to pin particles, which allowed him to develop a new ant-man's suit for hydra, which he inevitably ended up stealing. malik does say that grady was killed because his tech was too dangerous. i definitely think that it lines up with the character in some ways. jon enters the time stream, and though we don't see it fully, he's probably just binging all of agents of shield available now on disney plus. now at the lighthouse, the group tells jaya ying that malik has been stealing and human powers, and thus he and his group are becoming more and more powerful. they go back and forth over what the plan should be, and even suggest sending yo-yo in, but realize that if malik gets access to her abilities, he's going to be far too dangerous. colton states that he should be the one to go in due to being recyclable. and thus they make a plan to teleport in with gordon and take over the base. they also state that jaya ying should remain behind, mainly to keep the timeline intact. and it's at this point that daisy finds out she has a sister. she's completely blindsided by this and angrily storms off, furious at may for not telling her. may warn her that his sister isn't as nice as she is. and this was exemplified last week when cora destroyed all of the wine glasses on the table when training, daisy did the same exercise and made music with them. so we know the two aren't really on the same side morally. now, i have seen a lot of people confused about why we've never heard of korra until this season, though there has been theories that she's a new addition to the timeline. we learn that she was actually always part of it. cora did succeed in killing herself originally, however, the introduction of nathaniel into this version of reality stayed a hand, and thus she continued living. daisy starts to wonder over whether her death caused her mother to leave afterlife and therefore meet her father. thus, if cora didn't kill herself, she would never be born. and yeah, it's a, it's a lot of timey, why me wibbly wobbly stuff. and after life, we see the powers machine in full force as lee's abilities are transferred into a soldier named durant. this, of course, ties in with the title of the episode, stolen, but it goes far beyond that, as you sort of get the feeling that one of the big characters gets their life stolen by the events that play out. malik states that his mission is to take down shield because they don't have the right to decide who lives and who dies. and though this is a questionable thing that we can go back and forth over, i think deep down we will know that the chronic comes are only manipulating the events to destroy shield, which is what has been their endgame this entire season. cora kills lee after malik instructs her to do so. and i love how we kind of have malik controlling cora whilst he's simultaneously being controlled by the chronocoms. elsewhere on the zephyr, we see deke with headphones on, dancing around the time drive. and simmons comes to talk to him about losing enoch. we've been told throughout the series that the time drive is communicating with fitz. however, simmons shuts down this idea, saying that he may not actually be controlling the time jumps. they all seem to be automated, and that's why, since the chrono comes were pretty much destroyed, the jumps have been at random. simmons hints that bits may actually be dead, and this is why the memories are too painful to recall. let's be honest, she would struggle with completing the mission if grief was looming over her head. and is possible that the chip is in place on the back of her neck to keep her moving along? i actually also think that it's in place to protect the pair's daughter, which they likely had before the time travel mission. this would explain why deke was eventually able to be born and still have fits out of the picture, which is how he seems to be, though they think that fits as the one doing the calculations. there's also potential that it's actually the pair's daughter, which simmons has had to abandon too because of the mission. we obviously don't know for definite yet, and deke is still clearly in denial. but it's fun to theorize over these things. and hopefully we still get to see fitz now simmons may end up with an alternate version of the character, similar to steve rogers and peggy if all this timeline shenanigans continues. and yeah, i just hope we get a happy ending with the pair reuniting. the quinjet lands outside of afterlife and gordon teleports himself and coulson into the base upon arriving there, gordon is shot in the back, and malik takes coulson captive. colson tries to explain what's really going on with the chronicoms, but it falls on deaf ears due to malek being angry over shield killing his father. malik explains that he wants to introduce some anarchy. and this is a call back to the thing that he said to korra upon taking over afterlife in episode viii. they take colson to garrett, who boasts about all the times he watched him die. and garrix states his favorite one was the long-haired creeper stabbing him with the pointy stick, which is a reference to colton's death in the avengers at the hands of loki. this pretty much started the agents of shield series. and as coulson says, they're playing all their greatest hits at the lighthouse. souza catches up with daisy and the two talk about her mother. daisy really wants to talk to jaya ying, but worries about the timeline. however, souza says that, due to everything being screwed, it won't really make much of a difference. they go to her and talk about how important afterlife is jaya ying says, there's never been an outsider there before. but suzy rebuffs this, and daisy gets to show her powers. she makes music from a glass. and this is, of course, a call back to the aforementioned wine trick. jai ying puts two and two together and realizes that malek stole her powers. and she begins to talk openly about her daughter, cora, which daisy relates to due to also being her daughter. she doesn't drop this bombshell on jaya ying, but clearly the two are on the same page. after daisy's reveal of the future, jaya ying talks about what she would do as a mother. and though she doesn't quite know yet, it does show that she does express some regret over what eventually happened to them in the original timeline. it's this kind of closure i'd been hoping to see these two get since they parted ways. and i'm glad that they at least get to have this very, very short-lived moment. mark decides to go into afterlife, and at the base we see his gordon's powers are going to be transferred into gary. he begins to freak out over potentially losing his eyes and teleports, then becoming ecstatic over being able to jump about. i loved how he thanked coulson for coming up with the word teleport. and man, seeing a paxton back in any form is brilliant to watch. garrett teleports with malik to the lighthouse, and they even find a deep squad t-shirt and lock up, which is, of course, a nod to de-expand in episode 7. the two split up, and at afterlife, gordon helps coulson teleport out of the cell, which is actually the same one that we saw korra being held in a couple of entries ago. gordon dies, and this is quite a big moment, as he was a big part of the main timeline, so it further knocks everything out of sync. may discovers garrett in the lighthouse, and he recognizes her from the time stream, which causes him to taunt her over the events. she just kicks the crap out of him though, which makes him retreat to another part of the base. they're seemingly coming after jaya, ying for her immortality. and malek catches up with them in a corridor. he reveals that daisy is jayang's daughter and tells her about why they ended up on opposite sides. but before he can reveal how she died, daisy busts him up with the quake powers, and the two go head to head. jaya ying begins to join his abilities, and then malek kills her. this sends daisy into a rage-filled breakdown, and mae shows up and shoots malik, forcing him to flee. daisy cowers over her mother's body. and the fact that she's dead and daisy doesn't disappear could also cement how deak is still in the timeline, even though fitz may no longer be in the land of the living. however, jaya ying can come back to life. so yeah, there is still room here to really go either way. now, it's at this point that it's revealed that malik is actually there for simmons. and garrett teleports in and takes her out before susa can do anything. at the base, yo-yo and colson meet up inside afterlife, and the former two take out the guard, durant, who's now using these powers. coulson then comes across cora and holds her at gunpoint. coulson says, that her team's abandoned her. and as soon as she brings up daisy calls and shoots her, which does cement just how protective he is over her. he takes her to the quinjet. and on the zephyr, we watch as garrett and malik arrive. due to deek having headphones on, he doesn't hear the radio, and the four fly off into parts unknown. yikes. now in the end stinger, we see gara excited at just how good the day is going. and malik explains to simmons that they've played out every scenario and the ones in which they lose are because of fits. they want simmons to take them to him. however, as we've said, he may or may not be dead. now i am, as you can probably guess, going back and forth on this because there's a lot of things still up in the air from here on out. in the video though, we will be talking about the promo for next week. so if you don't want to know anything, then i recommend that you turn off now you're still here. thanks for sticking around. and in the trailer for next time, we don't actually see fits at all. so yeah, it's gonna be another one of those. as i said earlier, i'm not sure if the character is still around, and do you think that their daughter, diana, may be the one controlling all the time jumps? however, if fitz is alive, then he'll no doubt be even more angered that malik and co have kidnapped simmons. so will likely be coming after them in full force in order to rescue his wife. this could end up leading to his arrival. but as i've said, i still have no idea. you also see that daisy and cora are finally coming face to face, and that the latter wants to make the world a better place by, well, murdering people. yay. now, obviously daisy is going to put a stop to this very fast. but it's not like she didn't want to make the timeline better by murdering the malex early on. so who knows, maybe they'll find some common ground. now, the trailer also shows the zephyr off in space, arriving at a portal that looks like the chrono comes. but this could be fit intercepting them, but i am leaning more towards the former look. i don't know. and with the way things are playing out, anything could really happen at this point, with just one episode until the finale, it's all heating up. and i am on board and really can't wait to see what happens. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the 10th entry, so make sure you comment below and let me know. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and if you missed our analysis of any of the other episodes, then make sure you check them out after this. don't forget that every month on the 15th, we give away free blu-rays. and all you have to do to be with the chance of winning the mcu infinity saga box set is leave a like and subscribe with notifications on if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us on our discord server linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been definition. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 