Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain a drama, fantasy, and horror film called "Wildling." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.  Deep into the woods, a little girl named Anna lives with her guardian, Gabe, whom she calls \xe2\x80\x9cDaddy." Almost every night, Gabe describes to Anna what a wildling looks like. A wildling has sharp teeth, long nails, and a hairy figure. This scares Anna, whose young mind is curious about the outdoors. The little girl lives in an attic and has never been outside. Gabe takes care of her by providing her basic needs and monitoring her health. He only feeds Anna vegetables and prohibits her from eating meat. He is also the only human that she has interacted with. One day out of boredom, Anna approaches the door. She hears Gabe talking to someone. Feeling curious, she touches the knob, and an electric shock knocks her unconscious. She wakes up to Gabe, who comforts her and explains that the electric trap prevents the wildlings from entering Anna\xe2\x80\x99s room. She is the last child left on Earth, so he has to protect her. Anna asks about the person he was talking to, but he tells her that they're the only humans left.  Anna celebrates her birthday by receiving a cake from Gabe. He also gives her a hamster as a gift. It's the closest thing Anna has to a friend. One day, her hamster dies, so Gabe explains to her the concept of death. He also adds that the hamster is now in a better place to make her feel better. That night, Anna dreams of waking up in the middle of the forest. She follows a path and hides behind a tall tree upon hearing noises. She sees a monstrous and werewolf-like figure feasting on someone. The following morning, Gabe finds bloodstains on her bed which upsets him. He informs Anna that she is sick and provides medicine for her. He injects a substance into her body that prevents her from maturing. Years pass and the daily dose of injections make Anna sicker by the day.  On her birthday, Gabe injects another shot of medicine. It becomes harder to communicate with Anna because of the medicine\xe2\x80\x99s side effects. That day, she asks him to take her to \xe2\x80\x9cthe better place.\xe2\x80\x9d It takes him by surprise, and he sheds tears after coming to terms with the fact that she's dying. Moments later, Gabe brings a gun to end Anna\xe2\x80\x99s suffering. However, he cannot bring himself to shoot her and instead turns the gun on himself. After the incident, Anna wakes up in a hospital. Panic takes over her as she sees unfamiliar people in a foreign place. She gets up as soon as she gains consciousness and runs toward the hallway despite being stopped by doctors. She sees a ladder and climbs it. She goes to the rooftop and basks in the sun for the first time. Medical personnel runs to her rescue and brings her back to a room. When she wakes up again, Ellen Cooper, the local sheriff, introduces herself. Ellen says she rescued her after neighbors reported a gunshot at Gabe's home.  The physician excuses Ellen and informs her that Anna\xe2\x80\x99s body is low on estrogen because of the injections. He further tells her that she has no history of having a menstrual cycle. Both of them conclude that Gabe had terrible intentions towards Anna. Ellen reenters the room and unstraps Anna to make her more comfortable. Anna seems to be calmer with the officer compared to others. She asks about Gabe, so the sheriff accompanies her to his room, where he is under intensive care. She grows worried about the condition of the only person she knows for her whole life. The following morning, another doctor recommends discharging Anna to a therapy house. Ellen objects to locking up Anna once again, but the doctor insists that therapy will help her. However, Anna expresses wanting to stay with Ellen. The sheriff will take care of her while they wait for the D.N.A. tests to discover her identity and if Gabe is her biological father. Both of them drive to Ellen\xe2\x80\x99s home while Anna observes the outdoors for the first time.  They arrive at Ellen\xe2\x80\x99s house, and she asks Anna if she is hungry. She gives Anna a hamburger. It is the first time that she tastes meat. In the meantime, Ellen\xe2\x80\x99s brother, Ray, arrives home as well. That night, while Ellen prepares the room for Anna to sleep in, Anna asks her to close the window, fearing that a wildling will attack her. Gabe\xe2\x80\x99s stories still consume her thoughts. Ellen returns to Gabe's house and enters the attic. She discovers a disturbing image drawn by Anna of a wildling eating a human.  The following day, Ellen finds Anna sleeping in a closet. She then wakes the poor girl up to have some breakfast. Ellen sees her barefoot as Anna stares into the vast forest. Anna has a vision of her running and the northern lights. Later on, Ray shows her around after picking up some groceries and reveals to Anna how babies are made. He finds her ignorance entertaining, so he lets her view explicit content from the internet. As they spend more time together, Ray notices the weird behaviors that Anna shows, like eating as if she is hungry all the time and refusing to use table utensils. Ellen picks Anna\xe2\x80\x99s dirty clothes from the closet and notices blood on her pants. She hands Anna a box of tampons, but she has no idea about its purpose. Ellen tells her that she is now a woman, and she should use it to control the blood down there.  Anna attends the local high school to make her time more valuable. She observes her peers from a distance and remains in amazement. A fellow student shows her the library and invites her to a party over the weekend. This makes Anna smile as she feels a sense of belonging. She has a habit of going barefoot wherever she goes, and the other students laugh at her for it. She develops superhuman hearing and feels drawn to the forest and the Northern lights. Anna ends up in a school back door where she meets Lawrence and another student. They threaten her, and Ray ends up getting beat by the two guys, but Anna protects him by throwing a punch at Lawrence\xe2\x80\x99s friend.  Anna has the freedom to be outside and explore nature now that she is under Ellen\xe2\x80\x99s care. She spots a lone deer and chases after it. A grizzled man known as \xe2\x80\x9cThe Wolf Man\xe2\x80\x9d stalks Anna after seeing her alone. Her running abilities are beyond impressive despite her being immobile for years. Out of nowhere, The Wolf Man appears in front of her. The Wolf Man stops Anna from triggering a hunter's trap, which might hurt her. He demonstrates how the trap works, and she realizes that he intends to help her. Afterward, Anna comes to the library to learn more about feral predators. She browses through pages of the book and suddenly notices black marks on her fingernails. While Ellen teaches her how to clean herself, Anna notices the sheriff\xe2\x80\x99s red pedicure. She thinks that having color on the nails is normal after seeing it. Ellen also breaks the news that D.N.A.'s results show that Gabe is not her birth father. Her reaction is puzzling. The concept of family is still unclear to her.  Ray and Anna hang out at the rooftop that night. Ray attempts to tutor her about a school assignment, but she is uninterested. Instead, she asks about the northern lights as they lay down together. Anna sniffs him and tells him that he smells like a hamburger. She notices flickering lights from a great distance and asks Ray what it is. He replies by saying that it is a party at Jen\xe2\x80\x99s house. Anna tells him that Jen is her friend, and they both head out to her party. This is the first time for her to be surrounded by her peers closely. She takes her first drink and feels slightly fazed after. Ray and Anna share a brief romantic moment at the party, which Lawrence notices. All of a sudden, Anna\xe2\x80\x99s mouth begins bleeding, which ends their kiss. She rushes to the bathroom for some privacy and realizes that she is losing some of her teeth. Feeling horrified, Anna flees out the window and runs away. She goes into the woods and senses that something or someone might be following her. Anna tries her best to be alert and vigilant at the moment. What seems to be a wildling attacks her from behind and removes her clothes. She tries to fight it with all her will, and in defense, she bites it. She then realizes that it is Lawrence, not a wildling. The teenage boy tried to force himself on Anna and ended up dying because of blood loss.  She returns to Gabe\xe2\x80\x99s home in hopes of knowing more about herself. She ascends into the attic and enters her old bedroom. Despite the barred window and tight space, the place brings her a sense of home and safety. While blood runs through her face, Anna remembers Lawrence\xe2\x80\x99s lifeless body in the woods. She cleans herself and heads to town right away. A group of men menacingly looks at her while she strolls barefoot. Luckily, Ellen stumbles upon her, asking where she spent the night. Anna does not let out a single word. She is heavily confused about what she did and refuses to share anything with Ellen. Roger, another officer, knocks at the home. As Ellen gets up, Anna spits out another tooth which still stirs confusion in her. She realizes that sharper teeth are causing her human teeth to fall out, and her nails are slowly becoming claw-like. Roger informs Ellen that Lawrence\xe2\x80\x99s father has informed authorities that he did not come home, just like Anna. He raises suspicions about Anna, but Ellen dismisses the thought.  Ellen storms inside to ask Anna if she knows anything, but she remains quiet. She starts to get annoyed because Anna chooses to ignore her and paint her nails instead. Ray walks in to check on Anna and tells his sister that he will talk to her. Anna still chooses to stay silent despite Ray\xe2\x80\x99s reassurance that he will keep her safe. He slightly opens her mouth and finds out that she is missing teeth rapidly. He rushes outside to inform Ellen, but Anna takes the opportunity to run away as fast as she could. She ends up in a mountainous area overlooking the town. The forest brings her a sense of safety as if she belongs there. In the woods, she encounters The Wolf Man once again. He offers her food and sees that she is starving. The wolfman grabs her to check her nails and teeth. It confirms his theory that she might be a wildling. He then tells her that he has not seen any of her kind since the town conducted a purge sixteen years ago.  The Wolf Man asks Anna if she wants to know where her mother is. Feeling intrigued, she follows him to a nearby cavern. Inside, she discovers a skull with a bullet hole in the forehead. She holds it closer and sees a vision of Gabe shooting her mother. It turns out Gabe participated in the purge 16 years ago. He could not bring himself to shoot the human-looking baby Anna, so instead, he hid her away. Anna feels betrayed; she goes to the hospital and heads to Gabe\xe2\x80\x99s room. He takes a glimpse of her, but she isn\xe2\x80\x99t ready to confront him about the truth.  Meanwhile, Ellen studies the case file from the death of Lawrence. She sees a resemblance of the drawing from Anna\xe2\x80\x99s old room to the situation at hand. Eventually, Anna arrives at the house and hugs Ellen desperately. Ellen sees her claw-like nails and handcuffs her. She explains that the police have discovered Lawrence's body beside the dress Anna wore last night. Because of the evidence, Anna is sent to jail, where Ellen apologizes to her. Anna feels lonely again after being locked up. She looks at the mirror and notices sharp teeth growing, similar to the skull she held. Before leaving, Ellen brings Anna some hamburgers for her to eat. That night, Gabe visits her and explains that sparing her life was his greatest mistake because it meant breaking his oath "to kill all the Wildlings.\xe2\x80\x9d He passes Anna a syringe and convinces her to inject herself, which will bring her to a better place. Anna finally accepts that she is a wildling and refuses to use the injection. Gabe becomes emotional as he leaves Anna in her cell.  The following day, Ellen checks on Anna, who is sleeping under the bed. She opens the cell, but Anna attacks her unexpectedly. Anna locks the officer, then flees. She runs to the car where Ray waits. She commands him to drive, and he steps on the gas. They head for the woods, and Anna reveals to Ray that she is a wildling. He has no idea what it is, and Anna refuses to share more about it. She exits the vehicle goes deep into the woods, where she feels most safe. In the dark, Anna swims in a nearby lake and ends up soaking wet. Ray sets up a bonfire and removes Anna\xe2\x80\x99s clothes to dry it. Both of them have an intimate moment together despite Ray feeling hair growing on her back. Anna assures him that he is safe and she won\xe2\x80\x99t harm him.  Roger and Gabe meet to discuss Anna's escape. Gabe is upset at what happened. They organize hunters to go after Anna in hopes of taking her captive. Anna and Ray run as search dogs are released into the forest to find her. However, Ray gets shot after a group of hunters ambush them. They struggle to find a way out as they end up on a cliff. Anna pushes Ray first, then dives into the water to escape. Knowing that Ray's life is in danger, Anna runs the other way, leading the hunters in her direction. Ray reunites with his sister and informs her that Anna is \xe2\x80\x9cgone."  Anna is now on her own and adapts to desperate measures to survive. She has transformed almost entirely into a wildling. She covers her face and body with dirt as camouflage. Weeks have passed, and Ellen is still on Anna's case. One night, Anna twitches around and transforms into her final form. In her true appearance, Anna is almost unrecognizable.  On his daily stroll, Ray notices Roger filling gas in a truck. He thinks that they are on the move to kill and hunt Anna down. He immediately calls Ellen to inform her about their plan. On their expedition, Anna manages to kill a hunter after knocking him to the ground. The group gathers around the body and continues to look for her. At the same time, Ellen arrives at the forest to rescue Anna from the hunters. However, she gets stronger by the day as her skills grow more robust. Anna manages to kill another hunter after setting up the same trap that The Wolf Man showed. Roger holds Ellen at gunpoint after discovering the body. Because of this, Anna kills him as well. She reveals herself to Ellen and shows her pregnant belly before running away.  The hunters set the forest on fire, which agitates Anna even more. She runs to see the fire that is taking over her home. She finds a way to get past this, but her pregnancy limits her strength. This leaves her no choice but to dig underground to escape the heat. She tirelessly digs and ends up in a similar cavern where she was found. Unfortunately, Gabe tracks her down and tranquilizes her. The shot takes away the remaining strength she has, causing her to fall to the ground. Gabe approaches her to check her vital signs. He recalls the familiar feeling of seeing Anna\xe2\x80\x99s mother. He performs a c-section on Anna to claim the unborn child, but she regains her strength and uses the fire on Gabe so she could escape. After waiting for the timing, she leaves a big bite on Gabe\xe2\x80\x99s neck, killing him. Anna lets out an angry shriek before falling to the ground once again. Upon gaining consciousness, she sees The Wolf Man stitching her wounds. The following day, Ellen and Ray see Anna from a distance. They allow her to escape into the wilderness, which will be better for her. Eventually, Anna reaches the northern lights, which is her ultimate goal. She holds her newborn child while looking at the beautiful sky. She feels at peace and content with the life she is living. Suddenly, Anna hears a wildling from a distance, which means that their kind might rise and live freely again. 