so, you know how a lot of people want to like, make it into Hollywood so they can work on a big set. man, these dudes are shooting on their iPhones nowadays. now, I'm not gonna call this one the first movie to shoot in an iPhone, cuz tangerine clearly did it years prior before that, my mama was shooting at hers. but in terms of how they use such Apple product, and, you know, how they create this psychological thriller, and the way that it's told, I personally would give it a run to for a couple of reasons. let me explain. so I'm gonna go about spoiling it chronologically, just so you know, everything makes sense. because there was a lady sitting next to me who was still thinking that the character was crazy the entire time. but in fact, the director himself even tells you that, uh, she's telling the truth. he just, you know, manipulated the movie and shied it on an iPhone to confuse you. she was telling the truth. when I went and sort of made the the beginning of the movie more ambiguous so that you would ask this question, but I'm here to answer it. you see, the main woman that were following her name is Sawyer. she's played by Claire Foy, who, if you ever heard the news, she was actually paid less than her co-star for the crown, and she was the one wearing the crown. I think it's more upsetting that in this one, the iPhone cost more than what she was making. but I'd I sense see early on in college, this chick wanted to become a doctor, but she ended up in Boston taking care of Josh from the Blair Witch project's dad until he passes. problem is is that dudes nowadays be creepers. and he begins stalking her, since he believes it's his dad's will. she says, no good. he then goes hunting, and suddenly Matt Damon appears to help her set up a restraining order and tell that she can no longer have any type of social media. two things, one, I think it freakin sucks that someone else is trying to ruin your life and they're stalking you, and you can't do anything about them getting in trouble, so you have to stop living your life to if you can get Matt Damon in your movie, you can get a real camera. years later, she's moved away from Boston. she's working in another job in Pennsylvania, I believe. and she's still traumatized because of the dude who was sneaking in her house. there's a point where she even goes on a tender date and then straight-up slaps to dude because she thinks she's looking at David. all of these causes are to obviously, go see a therapist, which is what society tells you to do when you're having issues. here's the problem, you can't tell anyone your problems anymore without them pegging you as crazy. my girl really is suffering from trauma from a stalker. but it turns out that Highland creeks over here is only concerned in baiting you to say something with their therapy interviews, having you signed some papers, and then locking you up until your insurance stops paying it. it's freakin medical prison. turns out J Pharaoh, who, if you don't know, is really good at impression. so in here he's a reporter pretending to be a patient's so he can take notes and prove that these healthcare places are scummy. he befriends Sawyer, lets her use a secret phone to call her mom. she never gives him the Wendy bet. at a certain point, she comes across her stalker again. turns out that this dude killed a man named George, buried his body in the woods, and then got this job under his name. intensive background check mass. soon as he sees him, she obviously freaks out. here's the problem with this, when you're in a psychiatric ward, they're just gonna think you're more crazy. they keep popping pills in her, so that's just extending her stay. and as soon as the mom drives over to check on her, David kills her and stuffs her in his trunk. when he notices that Sawyer and Nate are hanging out a little bit too much, he drugs tortures and Odie's him to death in the basements. he then puts Sawyer in solitary confinement. but since he cut the cameras, she has her Otto himself. and starts pitching his cabin in the woods up in New Hampshire. oh hell no. now, this is why he shoots on the iPhone. in my opinion, the director, it kind of gives you that like stalker feel, you know, the view of someone creepin on you through their phone. at the same time, Soderbergh says that he loves being able to put the camera anywhere since it's so small. I guess it works. in this last scene, even though you can hear the camera guys footsteps all around, Sawyer finally starts playing along, which is what I would have done from the beginning, you know, pet this guy. pretend like we're all good, like I love them Tom, we're about to go on our honeymoon, and the moment I smell that fresh air, Fred Flinstone, it out of there faster than Usain Bolt. Sawyer than asked for this chick just to see if David would follow the orders of the woman he claims that he loves. but really, she's just calling this girl over because she has a shank, which Sawyer then uses to give him a tracheostomy. at this point, the cops and the reporters learn about Nate's death and real George's death, so they raid the place. Sawyer gets captured again, but then fully shanks the guy. months later, she's better, but still suffers from the trauma of seeing her ex everywhere. as we learn the biggest lesson of all when dealing with our problems, just don't go to the doctor. that'll keep the doctor away. how about them apples? thank you guys for checking out this video. as always, let me know your thoughts down below. again, I like this movie. I think it's pretty good. I would have given it a jr. price, except for the fact that, you know, it's shot on the iPhone, so it, like, literally can be seen at home. and I don't want you guys spending that money to go out there, cuz, honestly, if you want a movie to watch at home, to rent side effects, its same director, similar type of thing, dealing with drugs, go watch that one. it's pretty good. this one's still just as good, but like I said, I think it's more worthy of not really sitting on the big screen cuz it wasn't shot for the big screen. oh, now, let me know your comments down below. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you your own pack of ablixa 