[Music]. the favorite follows a friendship face-off for the affection of Queen Han. the film has a really twisted ending, and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything you need to know from the closing scenes. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers, so if you want to go into the movie with fresh eyes, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. but everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. we watch is Lady Sarah and Abigail fight it out on the battlefield of friendship in order to become Queen Anne's favorite. after Abigail has had a fall from grace and now is impoverished and has to resort to working as a maid, we watch her rise through the ranks of social acceptance, all the while being stopped by the overzealous Sarah, played by Rachel Weis. it's clear from the outset that Lady Sarah does the majority of the thinking for Han, and she pretty much controls her life and the power that comes with being a queen. it's clear the Anne, while Troy LT, has still had a pretty tough life, and you can definitely see why she leaves the tougher decisions to someone else over the years, and has had and lost seventeen children, so she now keeps seventeen rabbits in their place. there also exists a war between France in England, which Sarah's husband is involved in, and pretty much has little interest in the conflict whatsoever. this is something that Lady Sarah relishes in. so naturally, when Abigail looks like she could threaten this position, things do not bode well for her. it's easy to side with Abigail early on, and she comes across as a kind-hearted woman with little more than good intentions. emma stone is perfect casting for this role with her big blue eyes and youthful exuberance, and you can definitely see how someone would like it. Lady Sarah, however, immediately picks up on her more sinister side. as Abigail bites people, poisons them and is all-round a bad egg, Sarah tries to have her expelled, but Anne refuses to Anne Anne expels the lady from the castle grounds instead. as Anne's health fails, Sarah wishes to make one more attempt to regain hands friendship, and writes her a letter begging for her forgiveness. Abigail, however, in deceptor slater and burn sir. after seeing how eager the Queen was to receive some news from her former friend, abigail lies to the Queen and tells her that she suspects that Sarah had been diverting money. and this is believable, as earlier in the film, Sarah raised taxes in order to pay for the war effort. and vanishes, Sarah from the country and we never see her again. that doesn't mean everything is all well for an and Abigail now, though. and with the latter pretty much having full power, we see her sick and sadistic side finally come to the forefront. abigail brutally kills one of Anne's rabbits in the disgusting way, and uses her heel to dig into it, causing it to urinate and bleed heavily as it rides in pain. and witnesses this and called Abigail to participate in a massage, as they have done throughout the film. however, abigail is now cruel, giving pain wherever possible. and we see a vision of the rabbits hopping around during the scene. this symbolizes the grief and an happy reminder of how much Anne has lost and how much her life and choices will continue to haunt her till her dying day. she takes this out on Abigail's head as she massages her. and an act that was once sensual and erotic becomes dis pleasurable, like the relationship that the two are now trapped in. Abigail has been unmasked finally as the wicked woman she is. however, she must also live in submission in order to not be banished, much in the same way that Sarah was. this kind of confusing submissive life is something that she always tried to move past, but she knows her place will forever be at the foot of the Queen and all of her desires. Abigail escaped one horrendous marriage only to end up in another. and it's a beautifully twisted ending that shows you that absolute power corrupts absolutely we know that Anne hasn't long left for this world either, and with Sarah now replaced by Abigail, she will deteriorate faster. Sarah was strict with Anne, but she was being cruel to be kind. she stopped her from having sugar, which seemed bad, but it was to help her health. under the eyes of Abigail, she binges on cake, vomiting between bites. and we really get the sense that just because you get something you want, it doesn't mean that it's good for you. this, too, is reflected and Abigail's quest. and the film, to me, is about how getting everything our own way will destroy us to no end. so what are your thoughts on the film? did you enjoy it? and what did you take from the end? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this week's other big royal film, a Christmas Prince - this is a channel for people who are man into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like it, subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 