welcome to screen crush. i'm ryan. eerie. fast and furious 9 is about to come to theaters, and i am excited. these movies are awesome. our manager, doug is excited too, aren't you? doug? i've never seen a fast or furious movie. what? no way. alright, then buckle up, because i'm going to recap the entire fast saga. and i'm going to skip over a few parts like villain names and dead guys who don't matter. you ready? let's do it. awesome. here we go. let's go all the way back to 2001, when a gang of road agents is using grappling hooks to steal vcrs and dvd players from moving trucks. the cops sent officer brian o'connor to infiltrate the world of street racing and find this gank. street racing is simple. there's a quarter mile stretch of road. two cars go really fast. one car falls behind, hits a nos button. we use cgi to travel into the engine, and then that car usually wins. so brian actually is a major gear head. loves cars and loves street racing. but then he falls in love with a girl named mia. her brother dom is kind of like the king of the streets. and brian is really trying to impress him and his gang. i take the cash and i take the respect, both so he can solve the investigation, but also because he really wants to be a part of the cool kid club. dom's girlfriend is named letty, who used to pilot helicopters in space. you should see your faces. letty is also a badass racer. eventually, brian does make friends with the group by earning the trust of dom. together they all compete in a competition called race wars. oh geez, that's unfortunate. is it too late to change the name? why is that a bad thing? oh, doug, you're so pure and innocent. i'll tell you when you're older. first race war, huh? anyways, brian figures out the dom's group have actually been the hijackers all along. but it turns out there's a worse gang in town, so dom and brian team up to take them down. rather than just arresting dom, bryan agrees to settle the matter of law and order with a drag race. so the race is a draw when dom gets hit by a truck, so he dies. no, he's fine. and brian lets him walk away. so brian is now on the run from the cops because he let dom go. now he's deep in the world of miami street racing. the fbi nab him and want him to use his street racing skills to go after drug lord number one. ava mendes is an fbi agent who is already working undercover in the drug lord's operation. the fbi wants brian to infiltrate the operation, to become a driver so they can catch the drug lord's money and weapons and stuff. brian enlists the help of his old friend, roman pierce, years after the two of them had a falling out. and they're also aided by ludacris's tej parker, who is very good at working with car engines. so they get themselves hired by the drug lord to drag race and get cars and money and stuff. but the drug lord is clever, and he split up roman and brian because he doesn't trust them. and now they have these other dudes in their cars that they have to shake using an ejector seat that ludicrous built for them. he's a genius, remember. so they're doing the drop, and the cops come after them, drug lord tells ava mendes, i was on to you all along and i fed you wrong information. and she's like, oh no, i'm gonna die. and then brian drives his car onto the drug lord's boat, and the good guys win. so he dies? no, he's fine. afterwards, brian and roman get full pardons, and they sneak away some of the money from the highest like kirk and carve. meanwhile, dom and letty have been in the dominican republic, driving around, going to parties and getting secretly married down in the dr. dom and letty are back to hijacking trucks with a new crew member, han. han is great, cool guy, always snacking, and is always talking about going to japan. or they're doing some crazy [ __ ] in tokyo. that sounds nice. doug hopes han has a nice time in japan. but then letty dies in a car accident. oh no. and dom is able to figure out what happened with this car. csi superpower, kind of like aragorn, but with tire tracks. meanwhile, brian is working for the fbi now, bringing down drug lord number two. and guess what? what? wonder woman is in this movie. and she works for drug lord number two. that is awesome, i know. so dom and han work with brian to infiltrate the drug lord's operation. they win a drag race, which gives them the right to mule disguise drugs. and dom once in on this, because it turns out that this was the guy who killed letty. then brian reveals that letty was actually working with the fbi all along. what? because she was helping to bring down drug dealer number two. see, letty wasn't just in a car accident. she was shot in the head. so she's dead? no, she's fine, but not until later. so dom gets crazy pissed at brian, but they put aside their differences to get justice for letty. then wonder woman face turns joins their crew. dom saves brian's life and dramatically avenges letty. so dom gets away, and everything is fine, right? wrong? dom crashes his car and lets himself get arrested, and he gets 25 years in jail. that's a sad ending, but it's not the ending, because the franchise is just beginning. now, let's talk about fast five. the car went out of train, and then there's a hole in the train. and then they the car brought the box. this is the movie where the rock proves that he's franchise viagra. stay out of my way. you're welcome. dom is on a prison bus, but then brian and mia free him, and they all go on the run. the crew goes on a heist to steal three cars from a train, but it turns out they were secretly hired by drug lord number three. he wanted the cars because one of them has a computer chip that has all of his data on it, his financials, drug information, his myspace password, google search history. this chip can totally bring this guy down. enter the rock as agent lou dobbs, who's trying, whoops, i meant to say, enter the rock as agent lou hop. such horseshit. that was your job, who's trying to bring down dom and his crew, and tracks them all the way to rio. then mia drops her own revelation, put the spirit pregnant. what? now, this is where the franchise really starts to connect with its larger theme of family, family. so the crew decides to rob drug dealer number three, using the information that they got from this computer chip. they get the whole crew together, including han, wonder woman, roman and ludacris. ludacris, by the way, has moved on from being an expert gearhead to being a great hacker. nah, it's hooked into a digital sink. they know we were in the system. meanwhile, han and wonder woman make googly eyes at each other. [Music]. hobbs is working with a rio cop named elena, and they're ambushed by drug dealer number three, and all of hobb's team is killed. to get revenge against drug dealer number three, hobbs offers to help dom and the crew rob this guy, i'll ride with you toretto, at least until we kill that son of a [ __ ], big chase scene where they all drag the drug lord safe through rio. hobbs gets revenge and gives dominus crew a head start. the way i see it, you burn yourself 24 hours. but it turns out that the crew also switched out the drug lord's vault, so now they're all millionaires. and dom goes off to practice making babies with the rio cop named elena. the end, not quite. ava, mendo shows up at the rock's office and is like, guess what? letty is alive. so a few months go by. everyone is rich and happy. brian and mia have a kid named jack. hobbs is looking into a former british special ops turned criminal named owen shaw. and shaw is leading a crew that's exactly like dom's crew, except they all have like, an evil counterpart. and guess who's on this team? your mom? nope. good one. letty is on this team, and she has amnesia. so hobbs gets dom and his crew to help him take down shaw and recover letty. so it turns out that she feels loyalty to shaw because he saved her life down in the dr when i found you in the hospital and you couldn't remember anything, i said to myself, this girl has a gift. dom tracks down letty and races against her, thinking that will bring back her memory. [Music] i was wrong. there's a runway chase scene straight out of toy story 2, where wonder woman sacrifices herself to save han. [Music]. afterwards, letty realizes that even though she doesn't have her memories, she does have feelings for dom, so she betrays shaw and they escape. afterwards, owen shaw is in a coma and dom breaks up. with elena, so he can try to keep jogging letty's memory with his penis. this time it ain't just about being fast. so wonder woman dies. yep, at least han will live a long life to honor her memory. well, funny you should mention that, because now we shift gears to meet sean boswell, a troubled teen, but i mean not really a teen, because he's like in his thirties, more like a teen you'd see in a porno movie. hello, my name is says, there's something wrong with dyna carver. sean loves to drag race, but he gets into trouble and has to go live with his military dad in tokyo. so sean gets into street racing there, where the drivers practice the ancient art of tokyo drifting, which means the cars turn in a special way. sean faces off against a guy named takashi, and guess who loans him the car? sen no. han. whoa. so sean starts to work for han, and it turns out that his rival street racer's uncle is in the yakuza, and they make crime in japan. so during a car race, han's car is t-boned, and it explodes. no, yes. and then jason statham gets out of the car. he's deckard shaw, brother of owenshaw, and he's sworn revenge on dom and his entire crew. so sean is all sad that han is dead, and he settles things with takashi by racing him down a mountain. sean wins, and he's the drift king. and then dom shows up to say, hey, han was family to me. you want a race? so now everyone is at han's funeral, and they're really sad, even letty, who still has no idea who these people are. shaw sets off a bomb at dom's house, and also the rock breaks his arm and is stuck in the hospital. so then the crew are scooped up by a government agent called mr nobody, who way complicates the plot. he tells them, hey, there's this evil nigerian terrorist, and he wants this software called the god's eye. what's the gods why? it's this computer program to let you track down anyone, anywhere on the planet. it was created by a programmer named ramsay, who is actually miss sande from game of thrones. now that is a woman that's worth falling out of playing for. and now ludacris is a computer genius, and he's able to help them track down ramsay and get control of the god's eye. cool, very cool. so, all right, there's a lot. they drop cars out of planes onto a mountain, so they die. no, they're fine. they end up getting the god's eye by fighting ronda rousey and driving a plane off a building twice. so they die. no, they're fine. whoa. so they catch deckard, but the terrorist finds them and takes the god's eye. big chase. there's a drone and a stealth helicopter. and the rock is watching all this from the hospital. and finally he's like, nah, i gotta do something. daddy's gotta go to work. so don beats deckard in hand-to-hand combat. the terrorist dies, and letty regains all of her memories. all right, so dom is on his honeymoon, but he runs into charlie's throne, and she's got dreadlocks. oh, no, i know. hasn't aged well. so she says, my name's cypher, i'm a global hacker terrorist, and you work for me now. then she shows him some photo. later, hobbs recruits dom and his team to go on a mission, but dom turns heel and betrays his friends. hobbs gets arrested, and now he's in jail with shaw. and they hate each other, but they work together to escape. so now shaw is on the team, but he killed han, i know, but it's fine. so mr nobody and his new sidekick, little nobody, recruit hobbs and dom's team to stop cipher. and cipher has made dom steal this nuclear football because she wants to start world war iii because of reasons. so dom goes along with this, but he stops torment giant's bane from killing letty. and cipher's all like, you disobeyed me, now you pay the price. then she kills elena, who she was holding hostage. but get this, she's also holding elena's son, who has actually been dom's son, but he didn't know about until this movie plot twist. so cipher and her team go to a secret russian base where they can hijack nuclear subs and start world war three. so then hob shaw, dom's crew and little nobody have to chase them on this glacier to prevent a nuclear apocalypse. they've come a long way since stealing dvd players. i know right? so shaw saves dom sun. so now he's able to turn on cypher so then she gets a missile lock on dom, who's driving a 68 dodge challenger, ramps over a nuclear submarine and blows it up. so he dies. no, he's fine. awesome. i want to be like dumb. i love cars. i put my head out the window and smell all this stuff. salumi family. cipher gets away, but the family is reunited. hobbs is pardoned, but steps away from law enforcement to raise his daughter. now he's coaching his daughter's soccer team, and it's great. meanwhile, a british secret agent injects herself with the technovirus called the snowflake to keep it out of the hands of a terrorist named brixton shaw. shaw's got cybernetic implants that make him black superman. so it turns out that the agent, hattie shaw, is the sister of deckard shaw. he and hobbes reluctantly agree to work together to stop the virus and stop black superman's evil plan. and by the way, shaw's mom is helen mirren. she's also in this, and so is ryan reynolds. he's a cia guy that hobbs knows, and they give hobbs and shaw information to help them solve the mystery. there's also this weird, mysterious overboss who brixton works for, and we only see him or her on a computer screen. and they know hobbs and shaw from some other time before. remember me. do your hubs, you will. kevin hart's also in this movie for a second here. marshall dinkley, at your service. and then the rock takes shaw back to his home island of samoa, where roman reigns, and a bunch of sweaty dudes make booby traps and dance for the bad guys, until hobbs and shaw team up to defeat stringer bell, and everything is fine. that's nice. what happened to brian? you stopped talking about him? oh, he decides to retire and raise his son, so he lives. no, he dies. super sad in real life. it's a very touching tribute to paul walker. and frankly, it gets me every time. wait, are you serious? brian dies? oh, man, that's dumb. real life is dumb? yes, it is. and that's why we love fast and the furious, because it's as far from real life as you can get. well, that's the fast and furious recap. if there's anything you think that we should have left in, let me know in the comments below, or at me on twitter. and if it's your first time here, please subscribe for screen crush. i'm ryan airy. [Music]. you 