what's up, movie lovers. i'm your host, patrick, and today we're going to take a look at the 2019 spanish horror film called the influence. at the beginning of the movie, we see a small family, alicia, michael and their daughter, laura. we learned that they're all going to alicia's childhood house, which alicia had left years ago. she's now returning to the house as her mother, victoria, has gone into a coma and she needs to care for her. at the house, the family is greeted by sarah, alicia's sister, who had called her back to the house to help take care of their mother. alicia goes upstairs to victoria's room, where they meet anna, victoria's nurse, who takes care of their mother for six hours daily. since alicia is also a nurse, she decides to take care of victoria during the time anne is not here for her. alicia seems to be very distant from her mother and has no feelings of love or affection for her. she even refuses to call her mom and calls her by her name instead. alicia tells sarah that they shouldn't shift their mother to the hospital, as the house is not a suitable place to take care of a comatose person. sarah, however, tells her that they cannot do that, as victoria asked not to be moved from the house in their will. later, while they're sitting at the table downstairs, alicia tells her sister that she never wanted to return to this house and has only come back for her sake. sarah then tells her sister that her mother has been in a coma for a month now. before that, she had locked herself in their room and stayed there for three years. during her last days before the coma, victoria had started screaming frequently and kept talking about death. in the following days, nora has a dream in which she sees a girl get up from victoria's side in her bed. nora wakes up immediately after this. she then sees a dog in the house and follows it to a room where numerous dusty, old things are kept. she finds a strange locket among the things, which has a spider on it, and keeps it behind her. we can see the girl she saw in her dream. michael then comes to the room and takes nora out. after she leaves, the sewing machine starts on its own. after alicia goes to the hospital and nora goes to school, michael, who's an electrician, starts looking around the house for things that might need to be fixed. while wandering around the house, he comes across a room in which he finds several strange things related to witchcraft. after that, michael goes into victoria's room and starts talking to the comatose woman, saying he had already heard from his daughter that she is a witch, and now he believes her after seeing her things. victoria suddenly opens an eye at this, staring right at michael. terrified, he gets out of the room and goes downstairs. anna later tells him that it's normal for a comatose person to do that due to reflexes. later that day, the lawyer comes to their house to read victoria's will. victoria's brother and his son, fran, also come to their house to hear victoria's will. when fran waves at nora, she notices that he's missing a finger. the lawyer then reads victoria's will, according to which she had left everything to alicia's daughter, nora. nobody seems to be able to believe it as victoria never even met nora. in the meantime, nora finds her way to victoria's room and starts talking to her as if her grandmother is having a conversation with her. michael then comes into the room and takes nora out of the room. when nora asks him why fran is missing a finger, he says it must have been an accident. after the lawyer leaves, alicia, who's seething with anger, stands with the rest of the family, trying to figure out why her mother did that. alicia's uncle tells her that her mother was not a bad woman, but the death of her husband affected her in a very bad way, making her act strange. he then suggests that leaving all her assets to nora must be victorious attempt to reconcile with alicia. but alisha tells him there's no way that's possible, as her mother never tried to make things right with her while she was okay. noticing the anger and disrespecting alicia's tone for her mother, her uncle berates her and tells her to respect her mother a little. alicia refuses to change her tone, saying she can never forget what her mother did to her and her sister. she then angrily tells fran to tell his father what victoria did to him, but the terrified friend turns away and does not utter a word. later that night, michael tells alicia that he found a job at the nearby fishpond. he tells her, though he's not fond of that job, he has to start it since there's no requirement of an electrician in the area and the family needs money. in her bedroom, nora is shown who cuts some of her hair and puts it inside the spider locket. the next day, at school, the girl from nora's dream approaches her and introduces herself as luna. since nora does not have any friends at school and is considered weird, she starts spending time with luna. sarah later asked alicia not to leave her alone and stay with her while they're talking. alicia hears the screams of nora through the intercom and rushes to a room. when they reach the room, they find the room locked. alarmed, alicia sends sarah to get something to open the door. inside the room, a chandelier falls to the ground, and the shattered pieces of glass start flying around, cutting through nora's skin. the other furnitures in the room also start moving on its own. sarah returns with an axe, and they break open the door to find nora passed out on the floor. alicia then takes her daughter to her room. sarah finds a spider locket under nora's pillow and tells alicia to keep an eye on her daughter. she tells her that their mother might want to take nora to the mirror. alicia, who had blocked out this memory, is reminded by sarah that their mother took them both, along with their cousin fran, to her room. after making them understand the meaning of death, she told them that she will not die unless she decides that she now wants to. she then made them look into the mirror, which shown them as old, wrinkly people. the children got terrified by this and ran away. after remembering this, alicia gets extremely angry and goes to victoria's room and unplugs her life support. sarah tries to prevent her from doing so, but alicia doesn't stop. meanwhile, michael comes into the room and hastily plugs the life support again. alicia tells michael that she wants to leave at once. the three of them then go to the garden and burn all of victorious witchcraft things, including the skull of the reindeer they found in that room, among the other witchcraft things. nora is shown watching them burning all these things. nora later asked alicia what they were burning. alicia tells her that they just burned some trash. alicia then makes nora promise that she will never set foot in her grandmother's room again. after that, nora tells alicia that she has lost something, but does not tell her what it was. later we see luna walking over the burning hot ashes in the garden towards a deer skull. she picks it up, raising it over her head and starts walking while talking in victoria's voice. michael then tells alicia that he found a job as an electrician at nora's school. while she's putting a witch mask away at her workplace, sarah gets a flashback in which victoria emits a ritual, pulls a tooth from sarah's mouth and puts it inside the spider locket. nora is later seen sitting with luna, who returns the spider locket to her. luna tells her to wear it, as her grandmother would want her to. she then leaves after saying that grandmothers want the best for their grandchildren. after returning to the house, sarah tells alicia that she thinks victoria used the spider locket to control the children. now that the spider locket was found from nora's room, she tells her that their mother might be trying to control nora through it. alicia then tries to look for the spider locket, but is not able to find it. the next day, at school, a girl bullies nora, calling her weird and making fun of her family. nora gets up from her seat and repeatedly stamps the bully's hand with a compass before throwing her to the ground and starting to punch her face violently. her teacher manages to pull her away from the blood spattered child with difficulty. nora's parents are then called to the school, who aren't able to believe that their daughter beats someone up this violently, saying, nora can never do this. the teacher tells them that she also thought so, but she's seen her do this. nora is then suspended from the school for a few days after coming home, nora goes out into the garden and starts hanging out with luna. when sarah returns from work, she finds nora in the house. luna emerges from the back and intimidatingly starts advancing towards sarah, talking to her in victoria's voice. sarah asks her if she's her mother, but she makes the drawers fall on her, which throws her to the ground. luna then tells her that she knows where the spider locket she's looking for is. when sarah asked where it is, she tells her that it's buried in the garden. she then commands her to go out and start digging. sarah starts to dig as the girl's watch. once she's dug up an area the size of a grave, nora shows her the spider locket that's hanging around her neck, asking her if she's looking for it in a taunting way. sarah starts to cry and asks nora why she's doing this. she then grabs luna's legs in rage and starts pulling her into the grave. but nora hits her over the head with a shovel, making her lose consciousness, briefly. victoria then suddenly appears and kills sarah by hitting her face repeatedly with the shovel. meanwhile, nora's parents are shown, who are worriedly looking for their daughter, who they aren't able to find. luna takes north of victoria's room and tells her to complete the link. when noor hesitates, luna tells her that her parents will never love her after learning that she killed her aunt. after this emotional blackmail, luna makes nora look into victoria's eyes, which makes a black liquid appear on her face that slowly enters her body through her holes. michael and alicia later return to find nora safe and sound at their house. when they ask where she's been, she tells them that she went to the ocean. the couple then starts looking for sarah, but she is nowhere to be found. when the dog starts sniffing the ground with the girls buried sarah, nora kicks the dog's face, scaring it away. alicia comes out after seeing this and asks nora why she kicked the dog. nora looks her in the eye and says the dog was damaging the flowers. the couple reports sarah missing after they're unable to find her. later at night, while the dog is sniffing the ground where sarah's corpse was buried, nora goes to it with an axe and brutally kills it. nor then smears the dog's blood on her face, looking up at the sky. thus it becomes clear that the little girl is no longer nora, but a brutal villain in the body of a child. the next day, alicia sends the nurse back home. when she comes for her shift. after michael and nora leave, she goes to victoria's room and forces open the cupboard victoria had always kept locked inside. she finds a blood spattered dress victorious in a little box. when she opens the box, she finds free spider lock is inside. inside one of the lockets, she finds sarah's tooth. she finds her toenail in the other, which victoria had brutally ripped off when she was a child. and in the last one, she finds fran's chopped off finger. while she's observing these things in horror, nora returns from the school and walks up the bathroom. she walks to victoria's bedside and unplugs the life support. she then starts talking in victoria's voice and tells alicia that she no longer requires her old body. alarmed, alicia plugs in the life support again, after realizing that once the older body is dead completely, victoria will take over the body of her daughter. norah then tells alicia that if she mentions this to michael, she will kill him and leave the room. when michael returns from work, nora acts completely normal, greeting him with a hug. as they sit to a meal together, alicia starts talking about the death of her father, saying nora needs to know about it. nora starts seething with anger as soon as alicia starts talking about this. alicia proceeds to tell them about that incident, saying, after her father returned from a journey and greeted his wife, whom he loved very much, he came to see both his girls, sarah and alicia, sarah went down to the basement to give her father a surprise, but he died that day in the basement. sarah led her father down the basement after her, but their father died in the basement that day. alicia then tells him that victoria always blamed her and her sister for her husband's death. nora yells at alicia, saying she's lying, and leaves the table in rage. this ends up angering michael, who then tells alicia that they are leaving the house as soon as his work at the school is done. nora goes to lay down with her grandmother in her band. victoria, who now seems to be completely fine and conversing with her normally, tells her, while moving her fingernail on her thigh, that she does not wish to kill alicia. instead, she will take away her family and make her suffer all her life as she looks at the face of her daughter, knowing that it's no longer her. alicia, who's listening to this conversation through the intercom in victoria's room, panics and calls michael, asking him to return immediately. but his phone isn't with him at that time. after that, alicia goes into victoria's room, but she finds no one there. she then hears some sounds from the attic and goes up there. she sees the deer hand on the table up in the attic, before victoria suddenly comes in front of her, the floor beneath alicia breaks and she falls down, getting injured badly. in the meantime, michael returns to the house. he sees nora and asks her where her mother is. nora does not say a word, standing there in a strange way, and points to the basement. here we learn how victoria's husband had died that day. as michael descends the stairs, we're shown victoria's husband descending the basement stairs as well. while going down, he finds the deer skull on the stairs and stops in front of it. alicia grabs his feet from below to surprise him, but he stumbles and falls, making one of the deer horns pierce through his throat. victoria comes running in there and starts crying after seeing the lifeless body of her husband. she then sees alicia's face covered in her father's blood and starts wailing loudly. michael is then shown, who falls down the basement stairs, as noor stands up there, apologizing to him, saying it was alicia's fault. when alicia wakes up after that fall, she sees noah lying down in victoria's bed on life support. she rushes to her and tries to wake her up. victoria emerges from under the bed and starts strangling alicia. michael, who appears to have made it through the fall alive, comes into the room and pulls victoria off of alicia. he then starts attacking her with a knife, wounding her badly. victoria, however, overpowers him once more and grabs his finger and thumb, starting to pull them apart, tearing his muscles. alicia pushes victoria away, saving michael. michael then grabs the knife again and attacks victoria. alicia begs michael not to kill victoria, as she knows when she's gone, she'll take over nora. michael, who doesn't know this, disregards her request and finishes victoria off, thinking alicia is asking him to stop just because she's her mother. as soon as victoria dies, nora jumps at michael from the back and starts biting into his neck. michael struggles against her and ends up throwing her out the window. nora's lifeless body is then seen on the ground outside the house. alicia, who's unable to bear the loss of her daughter, starts trying to revive victoria, thinking it might bring her daughter back. as well. victoria then starts breathing, and so does nora. later, both nora and victoria are seen at the hospital on life support. and angry, alicia tells her comatose mother at the hospital that she will never see nora again. then we see nora zone at the hospital near victoria's bed, with victoria's husband standing near the door. nora tells her grandmother that she has to let go of her and go with her grandfather. she tells her that heaven, according to her grandfather, is a very good experience, thus she should go there with her grandfather and look over nora. after this, nora unplugs the life support keeping her grandmother alive. she then bids her grandmother goodbye and turns to leave. but as soon as she turns, instead of her grandfather, she sees a terrifying demon standing at the door. victoria then grabs nora by the throat and starts strangling her. back at the hospital, nora wakes up from her coma and looks at her parents, who are very happy to have their daughter back. nora tells her parents that she loves them very much. after that, through the missing person posters on the wall, we learned that luna has also gone missing. luna's corpse is then shown in the water in the garden where she used to hang out with. nora. after being discharged from the hospital, nora is shown in the car with her parents who are leaving the place. nora slides her fingernail on the car seat, just the way victoria always used to do. thus it becomes clear that her body is just a vessel possessed by victoria. 