hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2013 science fiction action film Pacific Rim so let's get started. the film opens with huge alien sea monsters called kaiju emerging from a portal at the bottom of the Pacific Ocean. the kaiju wreak havoc on coastal cities around the Pacific. humanity responds by creating massive robotic mechs called Yeager's to fight the kaiju. each was piloted by at least two people who are connected via a neural bridge through a process called drifting, so the pilots can shear the mental stress of piloting the machine. in the year 2020, the Jaeger [ __ ] danger piloted by Raleigh and Yancy Beckett, defend Anchorage from a kaiju. knife head. ENC is killed in the battle, and Raleigh, by himself, is able to defeat the kaiju. Raleigh decides to quit the Jaeger program after his brother's death. five years later, world governments decide to end funding for Yeager's in favor of building a massive coastal wall. the remaining Jaeger's are sent to Hong Kong under the command of marshal stacker Pentecost, who wants to destroy the bridge, the portal, which the kaiju used with a nuclear weapon. Pentecost tracks down Raleigh to persuade him to rejoin in Hong Kong. Raleigh is introduced to maka Mori, pentecost's adoptive daughter. there are four Jaeger's left in operation, the refurbished [ __ ] danger, the Russian Cherno alpha, the Chinese crimson, typhoon, and the Australian striker Eureka, which is the Jaeger that will carry the bomb. Raleigh tries to use Mako as his co-pilot, but after experiencing a flashback from her childhood while drifting and nearly firing the gypsy's plasma cannon, Pentecost has her removed. Pentecost reveals that he was a pilot during the kaiju attack on Tokyo that killed MCOs parents. Pentecost then meets with kaiju experts Newton and herrmann. herrmann believes that the breach will stabilize and Kai Jews will increase in number. Newton believes that they should try to drift with a kaiju brain to learn more about them. which he ends up doing himself. Newton discovers that the kaiju are bio weapons of alien colonists that live in another dimension called the in traverse, and they plan on wiping out humanity. drifting, however, is a two-way process, and the kaiju hive mind discovers things about the humans as well. two new kaiju leatherback, and Itachi emerged to find Newton. all the jaegers, except [ __ ] danger, are sent to fight the kaijus. crimson, typhoon, Cherno alpha, are destroyed, and striker Eureka is paralyzed by an EMP blast. mokou and rally pilot the [ __ ] danger, and they are able to kill the two kaijus, but nearly destroy Hong Kong. after examining the kaiju, they discover that one of them is pregnant. the infant emerges, kills a black market dealer by eating him named Hannibal, but is killed by its own umbilical cord. Newton and Herman drift with the infant brain and discover that the breech can only be opened with kaiju DNA. Pentecost Jones the fight, co-piloting striker Eureka, along with [ __ ] danger. they approach the bridge where they are met by three kaiju. they injure and kill the Chi Jews by having striker detonate the bomb, which kills Pentecost. and the Gypsy uses one of the corpses to travel to the other side of the breach. they overload the reactor of the Gypsy and Mach oh and Raleigh survived via escape pods. the breach is destroyed and mankind's victory is declared. and Raleigh and maka wait for rescue. during a mid credit scene, we see that the dealer, Hannibal, actually survived being eaten by the kaiju infant. so that was the spoilers for Pacific Rim. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 