welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about forgotten chin soak. a young man moves to a new house with his mother, father and older brother, you soak. things seem off to chin soak. in their new home. one rainy night, he witnesses the abduction of you soak being dragged into a car. 19 days pass and suddenly, you soak returns. chin starts to notice discrepancies in his family's personality. he then realizes that they are not his family at all, but people pretending to be his family. he escapes the house and goes to the police. when he tells them he is 21 years old, the officers, skeptical, ask him what year it is. he replies that it's 1997. the officer reveals that it is 2017. jinn is, in fact, 41 years old. a shocked gin looks around and sees signs of modern life, a tablet, a smartphone, an led flat screen tv showing the current south korean president moon jae-in and united states president donald trump. he leaves confused, but is captured by the same family that was holding him captive. the young man pretending to be his brother, you so tells jyn that 20 years ago, a little girl and her mother were murdered. the case went cold, so the family of the victims hired you soak to find their murderer, who is jin. in flashbacks, it is shown that jinn was abducted and tortured to confess, but maintained his innocence. a psychiatrist suggested that he had repressed his memory because the event was too traumatic. the team had the psychiatrist hypnotize him back to his last happy memory in 1997, figuring that if they can reenact the events of the murder, jinn might be able to recover his memories and tell them what happened. everything was going as planned, until the night when jin thought he saw you soak being abducted. he was actually arrested for fraud and was gone for 19 days, because that was how long he was in jail. presently, jin escapes the van, and the young man crashes, while jyn accidentally gets hit by a stranger's car. he then regains his memories from 1997. in 1997, the opening scene from the film as shown, except this time jyn is with his real parents and older brother, the real you soak. they get into a car accident that kills his parents. his brother is in critical condition, and he desperately needs money for you soak surgery. but times are hard because of the 1997 asian financial crisis. jyn goes online seeking a job, and is messaged by an anonymous person telling jin he'll pay him to kill someone's wife, but leave the two children unharmed. jin's conscience doesn't allow him to go through with it. he is about to leave the house, but the mother sees him, then the young daughter, who starts screaming. and jin ends up killing them both. the youngest child, a little boy, comes out, and jin tells him to go to bed. as he leaves, he discovers that this is actually the family of his brother's doctor. jyn meets with the anonymous man, who is indeed you soak's doctor, demanding to know why the doctor would have his own family killed. the doctor explains that it was to keep his children from becoming homeless. due to the financial crisis, he had taken out multiple insurance policies. and his wife, since jinn not only killed his wife, but also his daughter, the doctor says, you soak will die as well. a struggle ensues, and the doctor is accidentally pushed to his death. in the present, jinn wakes up in a hospital. the young man survived a crash and is about to kill jyn with a poisonous needle, but jyn reveals that his memory has returned. the young man reveals that he was the little boy in the house 20 years ago when jin killed his mother and sister. after the deaths of his parents and sister, his relatives took all the money and left him to grow up in an orphanage. he begs jin to tell him why jin didn't kill him too, and whether the murders were planned by his father. a distraught jinn takes the entire blame, but the young man doesn't believe him. chin now knowing he did in fact commit the murders, commits suicide in his hospital room with the poisonous needle. simultaneously, the young man comes to terms with the murder of his family and also commits suicide by jumping out of the hospital window. the film flashes back to 1997. jyn's family is at the lake. jyn is stopped by a little boy offering him a lollipop. after he kindly declines, the little boy runs to his family. it is shown that it was the doctor's family revealing why jin did not kill the little boy. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music]. you 