welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we break down all the latest movies, new game releases, TV shows and comic books. this episode is for those who are strong with the force and have managed to complete Star Wars Jedi fallen order and have questions about the game and it's ending. throughout this video, I'm going to be discussing the full storyline of the New Jedi epic and giving my thoughts on the game as we go through it. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't played through all the fallen order yet and don't want anything ruined, then I highly recommend that you submit to the dark side and leave this video without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of Star Wars Jedi fallen order. okay, so the game picks up five years after order 66 was carried out by Darth Sidious without so much as a McConkey in sight. those who survived the purge have scattered themselves throughout the galaxy, hiding from the long arm of the Empire. obi-wan fled to Tatooine Yoda. today, Gabbar and our game's protagonist, Kyle castus, found a home on the planet Bracker as a junkyard scrapper. Cal pretty much keeps himself to himself, hiding his powers from everyone. and because of this, the ex padawan has evaded the Empire's gaze. however, one day he is forced to use his powers to save his friend, profe, who almost falls to his death. Cal is desperate to maintain a low profile, but he quickly finds himself a target, and the Empire dispatches two inquisitors to find the Jedi and kill him. it's an awesome introduction and a beautiful Erie captures the feeling of classic Star Wars films in a brilliant way. this opening level is like a blast from the past. and fleeing from the Empire on a ridiculously fast train got my blood pumping early on in these sections, the opening really makes you relate to Cal and see that he's just a guy trying to do the right thing. he's reluctantly shoved back into the spotlight. and watching second sister kill prowl for really struck a chord with me, even though it was a character that I'd only known for about half an hour. when all hope looks lost. Cal is rescued by an ex Jedi named SIA and her pilot friend, Gries, who both operate a ship known as the man dis CA has closed herself off from the force, so she needs Cal for the journey ahead. and there are also love elements that come up from her past that play massively into the story as it goes on. aboard the Mantis, they travel to pagano, where an ancient Jedi vault is located, which is where Cal comes across a droid named BD 1. BD 1 would be the cutest thing in Star Wars right now, but unfortunately for it, it got beat last minute by baby Yoda. we stand for baby Yoda. inside the vault, Cal discovers a message from Sears Master cut over, that says that he has a list of for sensitive children hidden somewhere, and that this group could one day topple the Empire. before he can access it, though, Cal needs to pass some tests to prove that he is worthy. and whilst it's very video game, II actually love traveling planet to planet, leveling up and fighting all manner of men and monsters and women too. don't forget, you hit some women in this as well. no, I didn't say that I loved it, but if I never had to go back to Dathomir again, I'd be happy. but on the whole, it's a really engaging game that feels like it's constantly dangling a carrot in front of you to keep you pushing forward. I have a couple of friends who also bought the game that said they found this constant tracking boring. but personally, I loved unlocking shortcuts, traversing new routes that allowed me to explore it before then diving further into the area just to see how grand that it really was. add to this the combat system of fallen order, and you have a match made in heaven. now, you aren't exactly Yoda, or even baby Yoda for that matter. we stand for you, and taking on things without planning is gonna get you killed pretty quickly. it's very embarrassing being murdered by a little creature that's only half your height, but it shows just how much you have to be careful when taking all those on. just because you have a lightsaber doesn't mean that you have it easy. and running into groups. without choosing your first target carefully, you can lead to you being killed in a moment's notice. there's a steep learning curve to it. and Dathomir Oda thermia, how you kick the crap out of me when I thought I was just gonna be going for a trot through the fields. however, once you get the hang of everything, it becomes brilliant. each battle feels and throwing and energetic, with you constantly having to cautiously block and then let go of the at the opportune moment in order to strike. blocking at the right moment also allows you to parry, and can send blaster bolts back at their attacker. however, you have to wait until the last second to do this. so it's a gamble that sometimes doesn't pay off over although it makes you really practice with the game. and just as Cal grows throughout the story, remastering his powers, the player does to Cal. and the group travel took Kashyyyk, encountering saw herrera from rogue one, before going to zephyr, where he comes face to face with second sister once more. here we get one of the first big twists, with it being revealed that the sister is sears padawan named Trillo, who is a student of Darth Vader. now under torture, see revealed trellis location, and this has led her down a dark path. it's a nice humanizing moment for the villain and adds a lot of weight to her choices. many people in a similar position would probably turn to the dark side instead of facing death. and she's a memorable foe for the game. truely informs Cal at SIA has been in touch with the dark side, and she says that she will betray Cal just as she betrayed her. we later learn that this is why SIA cut herself off from the force, as she didn't want to go down a dog path, no matter how much easier life would be for her. it's a great back-and-forth that makes you question whether SIA wants the list for the right reasons, or if this is all a big play for her. Cal is captured by a bounty hunter and forced to fight in an arena for the entertainment of a crime lord. but once more, he's rescued by grease and SIA. they returned to cash chic to speak to traful, who instructs Cal to travel to the origin tree. now, was it just me, or did bits of this remind people of neverending story? anyway, look there. he gets a message from Kotova telling him to go to Dathomir. no, thanks. end the game. sell it on eBay. and, yeah, that's that's the game over. no, we're not. we're not. oh, we're gonna have to go, aren't we? anyway, he's attacked by nine sister, who Cal manages to defeat, and he returns to Dathomir. when he arrives there, he's confronted by night sister Marin, who hates the Jedi for killing her people during the Clone Wars. and she pretty much puts a roadblock after roadblock in his way. and yeah, you're best off just going through most of this without resting, because it's not nice having the enemies respawn, especially on the hardest difficulty. I love you, Marin, eventually. but, um, yeah, this was not fun. Cal comes face to face with another Jedi named Taryn, who says he can help Cal harness the dark power of Dathomir. and we get an awesome flashback of order 66, in which Kyle remembers his time when the clone troopers turned bad. we were ruined for you. clone II, we were all room for you. Gero protected Kyle from the attack, and this is how he was able to escape. Gero spirits seemingly returns, and he fights with Cal, which ends up destroying the protagonists lightsaber. Taryn wants to tempt Cal with the darkness, but he refuses, and please traveling to illumine to get a Kyber crystal to rebuild his blade. Cal wants more fights Jaros spirit, but this time he conquers the doubt, guilt and fear he faced in his death, and therefore he bests the dark feelings within him. Terran can't take the hint and tries to tempt Cal again, who refuses. and this sends Taryn into a rage. he even gets double lightsabers out, which year, oh, I did not enjoy that fight. Marin joins the battle and sides with Cal after a heart-to-heart, and Taryn is finally vanquished. and Marin and subduing the crew of the Mantis, the group returned to began. oh, and Cal finally unlocks the vault and gets the holocron with the names on it. trailer pops up and steals this though. and escapes. SIA wants more, resumes her position as a Jedi Master and officially makes Cal a Jedi Knight. and the group then attacked the Inquisitor headquarters. Cal takes on trilha in order to get the holocron back, and he manages to defeat her in what is an awesome boss pal also, is it me, or did anyone else get kylo Ren vibes from trailer? yeah, just just something I picked up. anyway, Cal was going to strike her down, but sear intervenes and tries to turn her back to the light. SIA admits that she failed trailer and that all her choices pushed her into darkness. and just as you think the two are finally going to be friends once more, we hear the unforgettable breathing noise of Darth Vader. Vader kills trailer and pretty much redecorate the room, pilling floor panels, ceilings and Cal about the place. running from star wars most famous bad guy really gets your heart racing. and it's an awesome way to ramp up the game. for its final chapter, Vader makes Cal stab himself, and SIA battles the Sith Lord, embracing the dark side of her personality in order to hold him back. pair managed to get away, and they make it back to the Mantis with the holocron. seer releases Greece hours contract, but he says he wants to stick around. and the crew decide what to do next with the holocron. it boils down to do things where they can either gather the children, rebuilding the Jedi Knights and using them to fight the Empire, or they don't, and they let the children live our lives where they aren't living in constant fear of the Empire hunting them down. both have their pros and cons, and are pretty tough decisions. but Cowell realizes that the destinies of others should not be in the hands of the group. this kind of mirrors seers choices, eventually leading to the downfall of trilha. and kal decides that their destiny should be decided by the force. he destroys the holocron so the Empire can't have it either. and this kind of ties in with the vision that kal had earlier in the game, in which he witnessed the Jedi being slaughtered. and he knew that this prophecy had a high chance of coming true. and thus decided that the best course of action to take was to keep the Jedi separate. its moves like this that allowed Luke to rise up and take the Empire out. and it's quite a smart storytelling motif that feels like what a true Jedi would actually do. these are protectors of the peace through and through, and kal would rather not sacrifice lives if it's unnecessary. it's quite a mature ending, and there's actually a lot of comic books and additional Star Wars material that have dealt with a similar aesthetic. in those the Jedi that rose up will quickly stamp down due to their lack of practice and knowledge of the force. and there are a lot of instances where Padawan were killed early on by the forces of the Empire in order to stop them from becoming threats. kal realized that if they were to round up this list, it would give the Emperor and Vader easy access to them, and this would wipe out all hope in the galaxy, leaving Cal and Coe in a far worse position. SIA and Cal are haunted by their past so much due to the trauma that comes from it. and this ending is really just about moving on. the entire game is about trying to return things to how they were. but in the end, they realize that they have to go beyond this in order to progress. as Marin said, all that awaited those children was war and death or being turned into inquisitors. so Cal made the right decision. what this also does is leave everything open for a sequel, which I really hope we get. but what did I think of the game? well, as I'm sure you can guess, I absolutely loved it. I've craved a single-player Star Wars game for so long now, and after the cancellation of 1313 and place of battlefront, I thought we wouldn't get one for a while. I was desperate for this to be good, and I'm glad to say that it didn't disappoint. it's got everything in it that helpful from a Star Wars game, including incredible Easter eggs, the balance of comedy, drama and cuteness. and overall, it knocked it out of the park in my opinion. though it takes a while getting used to, once you're on board with this, it's a brilliant game, and I can't really recommend it high enough. fall in order is an amazing rise of the Star Wars game, and that's why it gets a 9 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on fall in order, so make sure you leave your review in the comment section below. if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. make sure you check out our full breakdown on baby Yoda, which should be linked at the end. we go over the best theories for the character and discuss where the Mandalorian could be going. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. we drop videos on that early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community, so I hope they see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3, part 2, boxer on blu-ray, which contains Black Panther, infinity war and Game Captain Marvel and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video. make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts and fall in order in the comments section below. when it's gonna be chosen on the 15th of December, and the set will be shipped up. from then, trooper gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for the hardcore players, so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 