welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going to see how francis ford coppola's early work stacks up with dementia 13. for tips on how to gaslight your way to your rightful inheritance, subscribe to the channel. let's get to it. we open on john and louise taking a formal canoe trip in the dark. we learned through their conversation that they're at john's mother's castle in ireland, discussing the matter of her will and trying to figure out a way to prevent her from leaving all her money to charity like a lunatic. upset by the tone of the convo, jon teaches louise a lesson by rowing himself straight into a coronary. desiring to maintain a familial claim to any sort of financial disbursements, she smacks the [ __ ] out of him and disposes of his beautiful corpse. she then forges a quick note to keep john alive if not present, so she can manage his affairs for her own benefit, intending to get her mother-in-law to include them in the will before driving her to an early grave. as she ventures out to gain the trust of the family. she learns that the matriarch, lady halloran's battiness is the result of losing her daughter, kathleen, to an accidental drowning seven years prior. billy, one of the brothers, then picks up k from the airport, bringing her to the other brother, richard, familiarizing us with the rest of the family. at dinner, luis attempts to work her charms. and with john's absence, lady halloran just asks for her discretion in the family ceremony to take place the next day. it's a ritual they repeat every year, a dollar affair that demonstrates to the boys how much more valuable they would be if they would have just had the decency to be born girls. mother throws a flower on the grave. it wilts, and then she passes out. seeing an opportunity, luis gets in on that, offering to care for poor mother. poor wealthy mother. she claims to hear music in a child's voice asking for her mother. louise recommends listening to it, especially if it says to give luis all your money. we start to see how she may take advantage of this. and she even sneaks off to steal a few trinkets, and then louise strips down to her tones and dives into the retention pond, where she plans to leave a little floater for lady halloran to find the next day. but instead, she's the one who gets startled by an unexpected watery grave and emerges to an axe maniac who splits her wide open and drags her off. meanwhile, dr caleb arrives to try to convince her ladyship to stop with this yearly cycle that causes so much distress and strain on the body. as she begins to recover, the family finds themselves supporting in the yard when kathleen's toys begin surfacing in the water, causing some fresh trauma and exasperating caleb. caleb then commissions the groundskeeper to drain the pond to get to the bottom of this. with the water gone, they find an unexpected memorial, which causes caleb to cast aspersions at richard. but he works in steel, not stone, so he goes to his father's old workshop to seek out evidence of whether he may have been involved in that. kay shows up before he finds anything, and they make out, unwittingly near what we assume to be kathleen's body. eventually, the family heals to the point where richard and kay can finally get married without triggering lady halloran. and after the nuptials, kay runs off to bone down on the hay in the middle of the barn. meanwhile, caleb lurks around. and then the guests come upon some trinkets and bodies laid out in a pleasing manner for public view. when they make the mistake of touching kathleen, billy goes nuts, giving caleb the excuse he's been waiting for to try out his cool new gun. it works really well. and as billy lays dying, we see it was him who is responsible for kathleen's death. and so they unceremoniously destroy his giant doll. well, that was no godfather part three, but it was all right. if nothing else, you can definitely see some greater potential here than in some of the other turds in this box set. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 