listen, I had no idea that Jared way of My Chemical Romance, had written the comic book the show is based on, Lister who was writing graphic novels even before Helena. when I was a young boy. I had even collected some of these issues, which made me feel so dumb, because when I heard their last album, I legit during that time, didn't even connect that he had written the killjoys comic. I just thought it was cool, he was a comic fan. well, thinks of Squarespace. I went back and read the two full series that are out so far, read the free one-off issues that were like, inspired by MySpace binge the series over, in order for me to break down to you why I consider this a Netflix buffet. let me explain. so, this show is random. I don't mean that in a bad way. I mean it more in the way that, if you're tired of the Marvel formula, then here's your winner. mainly cuz it doesn't stop to explain anything to you. like, it's one of those shows where it's waiting for you to catch up and realize what's going on. even when I was reading the comic, like, there was things that would just pop out, like the wildest names for the issue titles, which I loved, because I would just stare at them and think, bro is are these Fall Out Boy songs? but when I say that the show is weird and that I wasn't ready for it, I mean, I went into this thing dry before I had even read the comics, and got hit with these clips. a girl flirting with a boy before she goes for a swim, only to come out and conceive. she went into straight labor, even though just a lap ago, she wasn't even pregnant. a thirteen-year-old who's really 85 years old because he's time-traveling. this dude walking around with the body of a Minecraft character, looking like he loves it. a damn Butler who no one even says anything about the fact that he's a chimpanzee. and then this thing, sorry, you're in there for so long. dollars. no, I'm not chunk working. so trust me when I say that this is a trippy series, one that I consider a buffet because any of these characters can have their own series going on. they all have enough to be fleshed out. they all kind of feel like they're different genres. so when the Umbrella Academy matches all of these up together and gives you glimpses, it kind of feels like you put in an uber eat set seven different restaurants, and you got delivered bits of each of the restaurants, which is dope, but it's also like a really overwhelming, intense thing of flavors. so I can definitely see people thinking it's a masterpiece, while others will think that has the BBS effect of having way too many setups. meanwhile, my cartoon selves over here just trying to keep up. and I know everyone's giving it the x-men comparison, especially when you have, you know, Kitty Pryde going all white Phoenix in the show. but this is more like a series of unfortunate events, because they also have a character named claws. like I said, randomly, in 1989, 43 women become pregnant who weren't pregnant before, and then this random dude who may or may not be an alien, comes in to collect as many as he can and scoops up seven of these kids. that's how this show starts. now I'm pretty sure we'll be seeing more of the other 36 kids that didn't get collected. in the comics, they kind of allude to the fact that a bunch of the kids had just been like, left alone and they died. and that's why Hargreaves was only able to collect, and I really do mean collect, seven children. so for the ones that did survive, they may become villains, or they may become allies. there's even a theory on why this incident happened, which I'll cover later, but that's something that I don't think will be answered until, like, season 5. but while the whole franchise can be told just covering the umbrella Academy's childhood, right, all of the kids just growing up with their superpowers, and how they had to deal with the stranger of a father, this show decides not let's just jump years into the future when they've all left the Academy. there's a lot of storylines going on, so I just want to break down the main one so things will get too confusing. we have a father, who, again, is an alien from another planet pretending to be a billionaire here on earth, who knew the world was going to end, and so he collected seven children with superpowers, supposedly raised them the way he did for a purpose. and then orchestrates his own death in the presence in order to reunite all of his children that have gone away, so that they can come together and save the apocalypse that's going to happen an eight day thinking. as for watching about now, it gets deeper, and there's so many more things going on. so to break down the Academy, I would kind of look at it from the hills House perspective, and where their family formula, or the way that they kind of broke down the siblings, was that they each represented a different stage of grief. well, you could kind of break down the Umbrella Academy by their varying personality types. there is number one, who's also known as Luther, or his, you know, superhero name, space boy. his power is superhuman strength with absolutely no brains, because this dude was duped by his dad into becoming an astronaut so he could go live on the moon. and is that they didn't even have a mission for him. he literally sent him off to the moon for nothing. Luther also thinks he's a Steve Rogers of the group and wants to lead, not realizing he looks like Beast Boy. again, because he followed daddy's orders, got super hurt on a mission, and then his pop injected him with some ape serum so he could look like a Martian gorilla. and now look at him trying to get into this car. I'm gonna be honest with you, Luther ain't my favorite. number two is Diego, also known as the Kraken, who I think is actually one of the better ones. he throws knives really well and is able to hold his breath, which is exactly the power he needs when his ex, who's a cop, won't get back together with him. but Manos will think he's a vigilante. and I'm pretty sure. podcast, but Cody Cohen is off time. so there's that. number three is the rumor, also known as Allison. and she is the surely of the group. her superpower is listening to Adele and then spreading rumors that actually do come true. [Music]. but damn does she not know what's being said about her. she becomes an actress who loses her child because she was using her powers on her child, and the ex demands full custody. is one of those things were like, yeah, I may not like it for other reasons. mainly how she treated Vanya. but like you only met at these two ladies for using their powers on innocent children. it wasn't like she forced her kid to get her a beer while she watched the game. it was just a lullaby. a lullaby is just spells to fall asleep. anyways, number four is Klaus, also known as the seance and he seems to be like the crowd favorite. his superpowers include telekinesis and talking to the dead. but because he has PTSD, he's always either in rehab or getting high, which ruins his powers, especially if he's wearing shoes. obviously, dudes like Ezra Miller and Olaf combined, in my opinion, if they were both on meth. because sometimes he didn't work for me, and other times i, legit thought he had the coolest power i've ever seen in my cartoon life. number 5 doesn't even have a name. he's just known as the boy or number 5. he can time travel, and he was missing for the 17 years when everyone split up because he got stuck in the aftermath of the apocalypse. while time jumping. he gets involved with this Adjustment Bureau for time who hires him as a hit man. and he gets to come back to the present, but in a kid's body, even though he's mentally fifty-eight. and, oh yeah, if you thought Fred from Mayan legends weekd a lot, this dude was in a 30-year marriage to a man while he was lost in time 30 years. they probably renewed their vows at some point. number six is named Ben, also known as the horror who was a shape-shifter who was able to summon monsters from other dimensions to be able to fight, super-dope power. but sadly, he dies at what we believe is teenagers, since we haven't seen that clip yet. but luckily, even though he's passed, he gets to be a part of the series cuz, you know, Klaus is power allows him to talk to him. then there's number 7, Anya, who has absolutely no superpowers at all. all she does is play the violin. she released the book, just like in Hill House, with that tell-all about the family that caused everyone to be mad at her. but there is definitely no bigger backstory to the top billed actress shown first at the end of every episode. there is. now, I think it's cool that they're numbered based off the millisecond they were born in. which also kind of sad that he did that, and that they're named the Umbrella Academy because of the umbrella store that reginald first bought when he arrived here. but being as dysfunctional as they are, it just makes everything more difficult, especially when you got these two as well. now, cha-cha and hazel. yes, there's more. characters. are time-traveling assassins that were picked out from book 2 of the comics and changed a bit for season 1. originally they were this crazy duel that warm ass around torturing people just for the hell of it. and somehow I think they nailed it for the show. first off, Mary, I will oblige to anything you want, cuz I don't know how you still look this great or are making the career shifts that you are. my man. hazel already played at Kemper and my hunter sodium. he's already set the bar for creepy. but when it comes to their purpose, they've been commissioned to find number 5, and then they're also there to make sure that they guard vanya during her transition. they kidnap Klaus along the way, hazel falls in love with donut lady. cha-cha kills Diego's ex. hazel tries to kill cha-cha. and then they have and they have dance parties. I mean, like they really go dreamworks animation finale with you multiple times, even though the ending to this one was sick. now, bonnie is still playing her violin, and she's befriended a student of hers who starts making carvings of Vanya's face, which I guess this dude doesn't know anything about The Last of Us. but this guy starts actually creeping and going into her house. but Vanya's never had a friend, so she doesn't really care. number 5 then explains how he's been working with this time commission and how he made a deal with the handler. now, in the comics, the main goal of this come mission is to keep the timeline intact. like I said, they're kind of like The Adjustment Bureau who isn't really looking to stop tragedies. they just want to make sure that everything stays in order. and so they turn number five into their little hit man. before he realizes who exactly causes the apocalypse. he's been trying to stop Harold Jenkins, that's that's the creepy dude. fine. he's been with five, then goes back in time in order to find Harold, and pretty much just dissolves the previous episodes from ever happening. so let's talk about these two smashing. and I personally think these two are at the bottom of the seven in my personal ranking, you know. and, and that includes having the dead sibling over them. I'm not saying that their relationship adds to why I don't like them, but it definitely makes sense why they would end up together. obviously they aren't blood-related. so there's this whole group out there cheering for them to be together. others think is way too close for comfort, especially if they've been adopted. like they're looking at this couple going, please, don't even dance in the sunlight. I don't really care about anything this dude does, cuz just look. I mean, it's like Wilson Fitz from spider-verse and all series, though these guys were brownnosers, like, that's the reason why I just can't stand him. like Luther got stranded. he got screwed. he got scarred by the things his dad told him to do. he still does dumb I haven't really touched upon this robotic mom that they also have, who came about because Hargreaves lost the real wife that he had, and other nannies couldn't keep up with the powers the kids had, so he just created his own Rosie the maid. but who's really interesting is Pogo, the eighth Butler. and I mention this because it connects to Luther, because it's the same team from Planet of the Apes who designed him, which makes him look super cool when you get fascinated with them. but it's the idea that there's an entire backstory between this outfit of a monkey Butler and his Batman, and we don't know what they did. like Luthor gets injected at a certain point with ape serum, meaning Poppa Hargreaves literally has been monkeying around more than we think. and it just makes me wonder, what else are these two hiding? the most annoying part of these two though, is how they treated Vaughn. you see, it turns out that there's a whole childhood that got suppress that Vanya is now discovering. there's a scene where Harold Jenkins pulls a Jessie Smollett, which allows Vanya to be able to, for the first time, realize what her powers can actually do. we then get these flashbacks where we see that Reginald did, in fact know Vanya had power. in fact, she had the most powerful powers out of everyone. and so he started feeding her pills to suppress her. man then uses his other daughters powers to make her forget things and believe that she's normal. he heard a feeling, all because he believes in himself to be this majestic being who's overseeing children's lives and manipulating their powers because he thinks he knows best. some familiar Alison then decides to confront Bonnie about this and tell the truth. but right when Ali was about to pull her Rumer trick, bonnie has lapsed, the words out of her mouth, and, oh oh, she actually slit her throat. good luck spreading rumors now, you snitch. unexplained boy. get out of here. you gettin into Luther, being the primate that he is, decides to knock out Vanya. instead of being happy that his sister has superpowers, you know, if she hurt the girl you like, but, I mean, the girl you like still breathing. how about, I don't know, being happy, you can stop the apocalypse. nope. he instead locks her up and takes his dad's advice. you know, again, the man who stranded you on the moon and gave you a monkey body. even if you're right, she needs our help, and we can't do that if she's locked in a cage. Go, Diego. Go now. so I may hear me complaining about Luther and think that I'm just nitpicking, that I'm just being cynical, that I can't get into the story a boy, I am fully in it. I'm saying these things about Luther because I'm concerned about all the other characters in this world, like I'm volume 2. let me just rewind a little bit, y'all. do know that he was the last one still slumming it at his house, at his parents house? but in volume 2, this guy finds a way to make his eighth body fat. it just sits on the couch for most of that run. loser. if I ever find you on the street, I would hire someone to whoop your butt so bad. number five then returns his lover to the Burlington Coat Factory as they get prepared to stop their sister, who just escaped this soundproof room. [Music]. we get this really cool flashback montage for Anya, and she walks around the house, remembering how they shunned her, and then she just blows it up. now, let me be clear, I don't think Vanya is the villain here. I know she killed Pogo, and that kind of sucks. but a character like Jenkins, who was a more cliche villain on the comic, but here in the show, gets the Baron Zemo Syndrome effect really, where he's upset that they never accepted him into the Academy, even though he was born on the same day. just wasn't a part of the 43. like what he does, that's evil. well, Vanya is is a pressure cooker from bad parenting. how all seven of them are? they finally confront Vanya in their bowling shoes. as she reenact the climax of Eagle Eye and legit turns into the white violin. and the comic, she really becomes a violin. but here she's just a super-powered musician who's about to destroy the world when Allison fires a gun next to her ear, and the Flex her energy up to the moon. a much better ending that when number five did in the country. oh, wow. number five then gets the idea to gather everyone before they all get killed. and we see them all become teenagers and then vanish to an unknown time period as everyone else gets deeply in so now what? well, I had my theories for the other 36 babies that were born. you know, some of them may have died, but I think that there's remaining ones who could become future villains or heroes. there's also the sequence in volume 2 where Klaus meets God. that was kind of fatal March 2 in the show with episode 7, but in the book, got straight-up tells him that the 43 were collectively the reincarnation of Jesus Christ, the Messiah himself. now I know what the hell that means, but what I do know is that there's a graphic novel called punk-rock Jesus they all gotta read if you like the series even a little bit. there's a chance season 2 could deal with the villain Perseus, who's this evil CEO whose father was imprisoned by the Academy, and so he's seeking revenge. there's dr. termin\xc3\xb3, who's kind of like their kraken who was mentioned in episode 7. and it'd be interesting to see how they invert his cliches and his minions. maybe the umbrella kids will go look for their og parents or siblings. maybe two of them may, in fact be twins, as was hinted in the show, is the storyline for season 2 gonna be around JFK? since that's what volume 2 is about. season one kind of gave us a glimpse of it, being one of number Five's missions as he was traveling back in time. but could get kind of tricky for starters. this is a real assassination, so Netflix may avoid it. it is also Netflix, so probably not. but I just question, what would be different if JFK wasn't around, like, you know, wouldn't there'd not be a Reagan, and Klaus would be clean? I don't know. what I do know is that the JFK storyline has one of the craziest twists. since the only way for Alison to get her voice back, since it's been slit, is to make a deal with that time commission five was working with, a deal that forces her to go back in time, pretend to be Jackie Kennedy and tell the president that she heard a rumor that his head would explode. and if y'all have done any research on the physics of that shooting, that is an insane route to go either way. Waze eyes on her winning series is set up to be eight volumes long, with the show also aiming to go for eight seasons. they already have an outline for all eight, so they don't have to, you know, Game of Thrones it. but it's clear that they're trusting the fans will want more, and that they're gonna be there, that it's going to be this big property, one that can get a spinoff just off number five being lost in time, one of number one being a number two up in the moon. the real backstory to Reginald. a whole breakdown on the time commission spin-offs for the other 36, pretty much a never-ending selection of stories, because, like I said, it's a buffet. thank you guys for checking out this video, and a big thank you to Squarespace for sponsoring it. you know, when we first made our site, we chose Squarespace because we heard them in another YouTube video, and you 100% that they were the ones to go with as a cartoon revamping a site with all these up-to-date templates, makes it super easy to create a website where we want to host all of our content. the fact that it's an all-in-one allows us to post different things, and it allows us to hire writers to push more articles and videos. it's allowing us to prepare a store to push LME merch get 24/7 assistance on our cartoony developments. and the way that it deals with domains and transfers has been a huge help with revitalizing the A to Z Show calm. so head over to Squarespace calm for a free trial, and when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace comm slash, let me explain, to save 10% off your first purchase. big shout out to them for the support. and a big shout out to you guys as well, for always watching. here's to know your thoughts on the show. I'm still so surprised how big the fanbase is. like, I had no idea Aleta had that many fans. but lay I had even said it in that video towards the ending, I said, Aleta, Pez are gonna come at me for these two things. guess what they did. it was about the eyes. and I forget what else I said. I'm telling you right now, because most of the people who leave these comments don't make it to the end of the video. there are people gonna call me out on the Jarod weight thing. and sure, I'll tell you right now that though a, if you knew Jared Wade did comics the moment his pen touched the paper, if you knew it before anyone else, and you know what? you are better than us. you are superior. yeah, that's, I guess, my only response. but you guys see those comments, but I'm curious to know, for the people who really loved this show, where you think it's gonna go, what your theories are, the things that I may have missed. because, again, this show has so many threads going on. I'm curious on your thoughts. and I want to end this one actually, with a recommendation. because as I was watching the first episode, there is a Sundance movie called we are little zombies. and we are little zombies as a movie that, unless you know about it, it may go under your radar and you never know anything about it. but this is a movie where I'm telling you right now, for the fans of umbrella Academy. if I'll serve one purpose, I hope it's this, that I could put you onto something else you are going to love, we are little zombies. so definitely check that out. I'll be talking about that movie a little bit more later, but it is, like, so in line with that, these four orphans who start a band called we are little zombies, and try to say, right, it's crazy. again. thank you guys for watching this video. let me know your thoughts all of that. and rumor has it that you will comment, like and subscribe. 