hello and welcome to movies in five minutes or less. this is a recap of the 1996 drama film trainspotting, starring ewan mcgregor. warning, spoilers ahead. 26 year old mark renton lives with his parents in edinburgh. he regularly partakes in drug use with his friends, docile and slow-minded spud, con artist, sick boy, clean-cut athlete tommy, and sociopath bagby. both beg b and tommy have decided not to do heroin and are criticizing their friends for their lifestyle choice. sick boy, spud and renton are all heroin addicts who spend their days shooting up in their drug dealers flat. one day, renton decides to give up heroin. he decides to employ sick boys method of locking himself in a rented room with enough food, equipment and supplies to endure the withdrawal. realizing he needs one last high to get him through the night, he breaks himself out of his room and buys opium rectal suppositories from a dealer. after this final hit, renton returns to the room to finish the process. he later goes to a nightclub with a gang, noticing that his sex drive has returned. renton eventually leaves with a young woman named diane. after making love, she refuses to sleep in the same room as renton and forces him to sleep on a sofa. in the morning, renton realizes that diane is, in fact a 15 year old schoolgirl who lives with her parents. diane threatens to report him to the police if he does not continue the relationship. tommy is later dumped by his girlfriend lizzie. he gets sick boy spud and rent him to join him on a walk in the scottish highlands. the guys are reluctant, believing they're being punished by tommy for the hard time he's receiving from lizzie. later, sick boy, spud and renton decide to use heroin again, and a broken-hearted tommy asks to try it to see why they like it so much. despite renton's reluctance. one day, during a heroin-induced stupor, the gang are interrupted by allison, who is screaming hysterically because her infant child has died from neglect. all are shell-shocked, especially sick boy, who is implied to be the baby's father. later, renton, sick boy and sputter caught shoplifting. sick boy eludes the police, but spud is sent to prison, whereas renton is put on a drug intervention program and given methadone. he quickly relapses and nearly dies of a heroin overdose at a local emergency room. renton is brought out of his trip and his parents pick him up. they decide to lock him in his childhood bedroom and force him to go cold turkey. following a difficult withdrawal punctuated by hallucinations, renton is released upon the condition of an hiv test. despite years of sharing syringes with other addicts, renton tests negative, clean of heroin. renton decides to visit tommy, who now is lost in his heroin addiction and has contracted hiv. on diane's advice, renton moves to london and gets a job as a property letting agent. he begins to enjoy his new life of sobriety and corresponds with diane, who updates him on developments back home. after begbie is involved in an armed robbery, he turns up at renton's flat asking for a place to hide out. sick boy, who now sees himself as a well-connected pimp and drug pusher, also shows up on renton's doorstep. renton's friends make his life more miserable, stealing from him and trashing his flat. big b and sick boy later attacked two of renton's clientele, resulting in him losing his job. the trio returns to edinburgh to avoid police attention. they learn that tommy has died due to aids-related toxoplasmosis. following the funeral, they meet spud, who's been released from prison. sick boy then asks renton, beg b and spud for help in buying two kilograms of pure heroin for four thousand pounds to later resell at a higher price. renton is needed to supply the remaining two thousand pounds, asking price, after begbie threatens him, renton reluctantly covers the remaining cost, and the group returns to london. they meet the dealer in a hotel room, and after a purity check and a bit of haggling, they agree on 16 000 pounds. as they celebrate in a pub, renton suggests to spud that they steal the money and run sputt is too scared of bag b to consider it as bagby heads back to the table with another round of pints, he bumps into another man and spills much of the beer he bought. when the man apologizes, bigby turns violent and smashes the man's face with one of the glasses. realizing that he's probably matured more than his friends, renton decides to leave them while taking the money. early next morning, he wakes up before anyone else and takes the money from bagby leaving quietly. spud sees him leave, but says nothing. renton gives him an affirmative nod. after begbie discovers the money is gone, he angrily destroys the hotel room, prompting the police to arrive and arrest him, while sick boy and spud flee. renton leaves 4 000 pounds in a safe deposit box for spud and walks out into his new life. in the final scene, spud retrieves the money rent and left for him. thanks for watching movies in five minutes or less. don't forget to subscribe to our channel. till next time, 