Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2018 British horror film called 'Malevolent'. The film is directed by Olaf de Fleur Johannesson from a screenplay by Ben Ketai and Eva Konstantopoulos, based on the novel Hush by Konstantopoulos. The movie follows a group of scammers profiting from phoney paranormal experiences. Their crew gets more than they expected when they travel to a country estate, and one by one, they start to lose touch with reality. Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. The story begins in Scotland, 1986. Angela and Jackson are American siblings who operate a phoney medium scam on clients who believe their houses are haunted, working with a small crew of paranormal investigators. In order to help Angela advertise her special talents as a medium, the team leverages the reputation of her late mother. While he owes money to loan sharks, Jackson orchestrates the schemes because of the debt he has accrued. Strange occurrences happen on their current job, prompting Angela to wonder if these things are manifestations of her mother's experiences. They've been hired to bring quiet to the school by a new customer, Mrs. Greene. Since the assignments Angela just finished were disturbing, she rejects down the request; she does some research on the caller's residence and learns that all of the previous foster children, as well as the son of the property's owner, were all discovered dead with their mouths sewed shut, 15 years before. For money to pay off the loan sharks, Jackson decides to take the job, despite his sister's misgivings. Jackson devises a strategy to cheat Mrs. Greene by enlisting the help of his team of technologists. When Elliot follows Angela into the restricted East Wing, she finds the ghosts of the slain girls on the floor and follows them into the secret passageway leading to the North Wing. The girls' former captivity is discovered by Angela, Elliot, and Jackson. Jackson learns that they've failed, and Mrs. Greene thinks they're likely scammers. When Mrs. Greene threatens to reveal Jackson's part in the girls' killings, he chooses to leave the position. In the attic, Jackson discovers Beth, his lover and technician, comatose, with her lips sewed shut. During the escape attempt, Jackson causes a vehicle accident that kills Beth. Herman, Greene's son, catches the siblings one by one, with Jackson being the first. Before sending her son, Herman, to murder him, Mrs. Greene takes out Jackson's tongue, drills out his teeth, and stitches his mouth shut. After Mrs. Greene got started on Angela, the photographer Elliot was able to murder Herman at the same time Angela begs and pleads with the girls' spirits to aid her. While Mrs. Greene is distracted, Angela frees herself and kills her. As Angela makes her way to the road for aid, she sees Jackson's spirit, who is desperately seeking for Beth, fade away. Angela and Elliot are rushed to the hospital and are in critical condition. When Angela informs her grandfather that she's not alone since a black shadow has passed over her, we can assume it is her mother or Jackson. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 