welcome to movie summary. today, i'm going to explain mission impossible ghost protocol. imf agent trevor hanaway is killed in budapest by assassin sabine moreau, who takes his file containing russian nuclear launch codes so she can give them to a man known only as cobalt. imf agent ethan hunt has purposely become incarcerated in a moscow prison to acquire bogdon, a source of information on cobalt, with the help of jane carter, hannah was handler, and newly promoted field agent benji dunn. hunt and bogdan make their escape. imf tasks hunt to infiltrate the kremlin to gain more information on cobalt. during the mission, an insider broadcasts the imf team about a supposed detonation, thereby alerting the kremlin police. hunt's team aborts the mission just as a bomb destroys much of the kremlin. carter and dunn escape, but hunt is captured by svr agent anatoly cedaroff and charged with destroying the kremlin. hunt escapes and meets with the imf secretary in moscow on other business. the secretary tells hunt that the president had initiated ghost protocol, disavowing imf, but secretly orders hunt to continue to pursue kobald cedar f's forces catch up to hunt, and the secretary is killed. hunt escapes along with the secretary's aid and intelligence analyst, william brandt. brandt is able to identify cobalt as kurt hendricks, a swedish-born russian nuclear strategist who seeks to start a nuclear war between the u.s and russia. hendricks used the kremlin bombing to cover up his theft of a russian launch control device, and now is planning a trade with moro at the burj khalifa in dubai to gain the required launch codes. the team travels to dubai on the 119th floor of the hotel. they create deceptions, using their various gadgetry and disguises to make moro believe she is meeting with hendrix and vice versa, when in fact, they are interacting with the imf team. moreo discovers the deception, and in the ensuing chaos, hendrix manages to escape with the launch codes, evading hunt's pursuit in the midst of a dust storm. as moro tries to escape. she is knocked out of a window by carter and falls to her death. brandt accuses carter of doing this as retribution for moro's murder of hanaway, thus compromising the mission. but hunt recognizes that brand has also been keeping secrets from them, having shown combat skills atypical of a mere analyst. hunt leaves to meet with bogue dawn to get more information on hendricks, while brandt tells the others that he had been assigned to secretly protect ethan and his wife, julia in croatia. julia had been killed by a hit squad, and brandt feels responsible for ethan's loss, which is why he stopped being a field agent. bogdan directs ethan towards mumbai, where hendrix is set to negotiate with indian billionaire entrepreneur bridgenath to gain control of an obsolete soviet military satellite. the imf team splits up to stop hendricks. carter sexually seduces nafta to get the satellite override code, while hunt, brandt and dunn try to stop hendricks from using nath's broadcast station. they are too late, as hendricks has sent the launch codes to a russian delta three-class nuclear submarine to fire a single missile at san francisco and disabled the station's computer systems. brandt and done race to get the systems back online to send the override code, while hunt pursues hendricks, eventually having a brutal brawl with him in an automated car park. hendricks, with the launch device, jumps to his death moments before the missile is set to land. hunt then uses one of the cars and takes a dangerous fault to use the device. he barely disables the missile before it strikes. cedaroff, who is followed imf from dubai to mumbai, arrives and realizes that the imf is innocent of the kremlin bombing. the team meets in seattle after ethan accepts a new mission from luther stickle. brandt confesses to ethan about his failure to protect julia. ethan, however, reveals that her death and the murder of the serbians were part of a plot to give her a new identity and enable ethan to infiltrate the prison. a relieved brand happily accepts his mission and becomes an agent. once again. meanwhile, julia arrives at the harbour. ethan and julia gaze at each other, smiling from afar, before ethan departs for his next mission. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. movie details and other facts. despite mission impossible three earning less than its predecessors at the box office, its critical reception was much better than its predecessors. and paramount pictures was keen on developing a fourth in the series. in august 2009, josh applebaum and andre nemech were hired to write the film's screenplay. because of other commitments. j j abrams said that it was unlikely for him to return as director, but made note that he will produce the film alongside tom cruise. christopher mcquarrie, who later directed mission impossible rogue nation and mission impossible fallout, did an uncredited rewrite of the screenplay, explaining that on ghost protocol, i came in on the middle of the shoot to do a rewrite of the screenplay, though they had already started the movie. i had to communicate with the entire staff to determine what i could and couldn't change, what sets had been built or struck, what scenes i could or couldn't reshoot. i learned so much about production being right there. the script had these fantastic sequences in it, but there was a mystery in it that was very complicated. what i did was about clarity. the mystery had to be made simpler. it's like reaching into a sock and pulling it inside out. it's still a sock, still all the same pieces, but all put together in a different order. when we were first looking at the image of tom climbing the borge in the long shots, we could not only see the traffic in the reflections when he presses down on the glass, but you actually saw the glass warp slightly because of the pressure of his hand. you would never see that in 35 millimeters. the fact that the screen fills your vision and is super sharp seems more lifelike. brad bird, describing the advantages of filming in the imax format. many of the film's interior scenes were shot at vancouver's canadian motion picture park studios, including a key transition seen in a specially equipped imf train car. in the fight between hunt and hendricks in a mumbai automated multi-level parking garage, which was constructed over a six-month period just for the film. the vancouver convention center was modified to double as downtown bangalore. the film's opening moscow prison escape scenes were shot on location in a real former prison near prague. on rotten tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 93 based on 239 reviews and an average rating of seven, seven tenths. the critical consensus on rotten tomatoes reads, stylish, fast-paced and loaded with gripping set pieces. the fourth mission impossible is big budget popcorn entertainment that really works. metacritic assigned the film a score of 73 out of 100 based on 47 critics, indicating generally favorable reviews. audiences polled by cinema score gave the film an average grade of a on an a plus to f scale. ghost protocol grossed 209.4 million dollars in north america and 485.3 million dollars in other countries, for a worldwide total of 694.70 million.it is the second highest grossing film worldwide in the mission impossible series. 