hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2013 action car film, Fast &amp; Furious 6, the sixth film in the Fast and the Furious series. so let's get started. the spoiler does rely in part that you've seen the previous film. if you'd like to see a summary, check out my spoilers below. the film opens with Dom's proving spread out after their heist in Brazil. DOM is living with a link. Dom sister, Mia is living with Brian and their son Jack. Gisele and Han live together. Roman integer living it up. British Todd and agent Riley Hicks, investigates the destruction of a Russian military convoy, which was led by a former British spec ops member, Owen Shaw. Hobbs convinces Dom to help capture Shaw by showing him a photo of his supposedly dead former lover. let DOM and the crew accept the mission in exchange for amnesty so they can return back to the US. in London, they find Shaw's hideout, but is actually a trap to distract the crew while shop performs the heist at the Interpol building. Shaw blows up his hideout and the crew pursue him. when Dom's former lover Letty, shows up, helps Shaw escape and shoots down without hesitation. Dom survives and Hobbes explains that Shaw is stealing computer parts to create a deadly device that he plans to sell to the highest bidder. it has found that Letty is suffering from amnesia, and also that Shaw is working with rock, the drug lord. Brian put away. on the fourth film, Brian returns to LA as a prisoner to question Braga, who says that Letty survived the explosion that appeared to kill her in the fourth cell. Shaw ended up taking in Letty after discovering that she has amnesia. Brian is released and returns back to London with the rest of the team. Dom challenges Letty to a street race and returns her cross necklace that he had kept. after the race, Shaw offers Dom a chance to walk away, threatening his family if he doesn't, but Dom refuses. tej is able to track down Shaw's next attack to a Spanish NATO base. Shaw's crew attacked the military convoy for computer ship that they need to complete his deadly device. the crew interferes, and Shaw and Letty get control of a tank after some fighting and changing, the tank is flipped and Letty is catapulted through the air, but Dom catches her. Shaw and his team are captured, but is revealed that Dom sister Mia has been kidnapped. Hobbs is forced to release Shaw and hablas partner, agent Riley, reveals that she has actually been working with Shaw all along and leaved to aide Shaw. Letty, however, choose to stay with Dom after he saved her. Shaw's team boards a large aircraft on an airway, and Dom's crew pursuit, eventually rescuing Mia. the plane attempts to take off, but the crew is able to weigh it down by tethering their cars to the plane. Gisele sacrifices herself in order to save Han. Letty kills agent Riley. eventually the plane crashes, and Shaw's thrown from the plane, seriously injuring him. Don recovers the computer chip and gives it to Hobbs. the crew is parted and they return to LA. they all meet for a barbecue, and Elena is now working with Hobbs, and she accepts that Dom loves legend was with her. now. Letty is still experiencing some amnesia but it's comfortable with the rest of the crew. during the mid-credits scene, we see han is involved in the same car crash that we saw in third film. han dies in an explosion, and the mysterious driver is walking away after leaving Letty's cross necklace at the scene, calling Dom, saying, you don't know me. you're about to leading into the seventh film. so that was the spoilers for Fast &amp; Furious 6. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts in our various forms the social media listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 