Welcome to Moviecaps. Today I will show you a Horror, Mystery, Thriller film from 2017, titled Get Out. Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. Rose arrives at her photographer boyfriend Chris's apartment with pastries and coffee. They're getting ready to go away for the weekend to visit her family and he's concerned that they don't know she's dating a black guy. She assures him that, while they will likely say some stupid things, they are incredibly progressive. Her dad would have even voted for Obama a third time if he could have. Chris asks if he's the only black guy she\xe2\x80\x99s ever dated and she says he is, but she's confident that her parents will be totally cool. On the ride to her parent\xe2\x80\x99s home, Chris goes for a cigarette, but Rose takes it and throws it out the window, warning that her parents would hate that she dates a smoker. Chris calls his buddy Rod, a TSA agent at the local airport, and reminds him to take care of his dog and not to feed him "people food." Rod, disapproving of Chris dating a white woman, berates him and says visiting the white folk is a bad idea. He also flirts a bit with Rose, and Rose thinks it's sweet when Chris gets a bit jealous. While they're deep in conversation and not entirely paying attention to the road, a deer darts out in front of the car and gets hit. They pull over to investigate and call the police, who ask what they're doing in the area. Rose tells them that they're visiting her family who live nearby. The officer asks to see Chris's ID, but Rose steps in and says that because he wasn't driving there's no need for that. The officer lets them go, and Chris tells Rose that it was hot the way she stood up for him to the racist policeman. Chris and Rose arrive at her parent\xe2\x80\x99s home and are greeted with a warm welcome. Her father, Dean Armitage, is a neurosurgeon who tells Chris that he would have voted for Obama a third time if he could have. Her mother, Missy Armitage, is a hypnotherapist. While Dean is giving a tour of his house, he introduces Chris to Georgina, the housekeeper, and Walter, the groundskeeper. Dean acknowledges that it looks bad, two wealthy white people having two helpers who are black, but they were hired to take care of his parents and Dean would have felt bad letting them go. They all get together for afternoon tea. Missy stirs her tea and lightly taps her spoon against the teacup three times. Chris explains his family situation, that his father left when he was young and his mother died after being hit by a car when he was 11. Chris is uneasy, that\xe2\x80\x99s when Dean talks about his smoking addiction and that Missy can help him with his nicotine addiction through hypnosis, but he doesn't feel cool with people tooling around in his head. While pouring Chris a drink, Georgina sort of short-circuits, and Missy tells her to go get some rest. The Armitages tell Rose that they're having their big party tomorrow. She's surprised and they remind her that it's the same day every year. Rose's brother Jeremy arrives. He's an aggressive spoiled rich kid. That night at dinner a drunk Jeremy starts telling stories about Rose, when Missy goes to get dessert, Chris sees Georgina standing with a cake in an intimidating pose, he starts getting unsettled. Chris and Rose retire to their room where she apologizes for her family and they go to sleep. Chris can\xe2\x80\x99t fall asleep so he sneaks out for a smoke. While outside he sees Walter charging at him in the distance, but at the last moment he makes a sharp turn and runs off. Shortly after he gets frightened by Georgina staring at her reflection in the glass door, making him unsettled. When sneaking back to his room, Missy intercepts him by turning on a light. She reiterates that smoking is a bad habit and insists on helping him quit. He sits down but mocks the notion of hypnotism, unaware that she is slowly hypnotizing him, using her teaspoon as a focus object. She brings him back to the night his mom died when he was 11 and starts asking him questions which he is uncomfortable answering but he doesn't seem to be in control anymore. Chris is doing the same thing he did back then, digging his nails into the arms of the chair and starts feeling pain and regret, for not doing more that day. She taps her teacup with her spoon three times and tells him to sink. Eleven-year-old Chris sinks into his bed, while present-day Chris sinks into blackness, seeing himself and Missy far above. His consciousness has left his body, which is paralyzed in the chair. Chris wakes up, thinking that all of that was a nightmare. He sees that Rod has sent him a picture of him pretending to give his dog beer and plugs in his phone. He makes small talk with Walter, and gets weirded out by his responses, he also learns that last night wasn\xe2\x80\x99t a dream. Chris tells Rose that he thinks her mom hypnotized him last night; he has vague recollection of what happened and the thought of a cigarette makes him want to throw up. The Armitages' wealthy friends arrive for the big party. It's mostly older white people who keep making comments about his build and looks. He gets uncomfortable and wanders off. He notices another black guy (Andre), about the same age as him and Chris tries to bond with him, but he also acts stiff and unnatural like Walter and Georgina. When a lady comes to separate them Chris tries to fist bump him, instead, Andre grabs his hand like a handshake. The lady brings him to a group of people and Andre shows himself off. Something about him feels familiar to Chris. He then leaves and finds a blind man named Jim who says that all the people at the party are ignorant. He's an art dealer and Chris is well aware of who he is. Jim says that he's a fan of Chris's work. He recognizes the irony of a blind art dealer but tells him that he has a really good assistant who is great at describing pieces. Chris feels like this was his first normal conversation today. As he enters the house, all the guests are talking, but when Chris gets up the stairs they go completely silent and listen to what he does. He goes in the room and finds his phone unplugged. Chris calls Rod and tells him everything that\xe2\x80\x99s been going on. Rod becomes overly suspicious and starts connecting the dots, like how the other black people there are hypnotized and that he needs to get out of there. Chris tells him to cut the crap and hangs up. Chris tells Rose that someone unplugged his phone and how weird everything is. She tells him he's just being paranoid because he's in an uncomfortable situation and walks away. Chris is about to leave, he's blocked by Georgina who apologizes for unplugging his \xe2\x80\x9ccellular phone\xe2\x80\x9d in an unusual manner. He says that it's fine and that he didn't mean to rat her out. She doesn't understand. So he clarifies that he didn't mean to get her in trouble. She gets weird and lets out a single tear while telling him that the Armitages treat her like family. He just assumes that Georgina is crazy. Chris goes back outside and tries to discreetly take Logan's picture with his phone to send it to Rod, but has forgotten to turn off the flash. As soon as his phone flashes he goes from overly prim and proper to gibberish. His nose starts bleeding and he jumps at Chris telling him, "Get out! Get the hell out while you still can!" Rose is freaked out now too. She asks her dad what happened and he explains that the flash just caused the man to have a seizure. The man comes out and apologizes for upsetting everyone and says he must return home. Chris and Rose go for a walk and Chris tells her that he's sure he recognized the guy and that something strange is definitely going on. She agrees by saying that it did not seem like a seizure at all. Chris says that he'd really like to go home now. Rose reluctantly agrees. She says she will make up something to tell her parents. Meanwhile at the terrace, Dean is holding a silent auction with his guests, who hold up bingo cards to bid. Next to him is a picture of Chris. Jim wins the auction. Chris goes to pack his belongings and gets a call from Rod, who tells him that the guy in the picture is a guy they knew named Andre, who used to work at a movie theater but went missing some weeks ago. The phone battery dies. Chris notices that the closet door is open. He looks inside and finds a red box filled with photos of Rose posed romantically with many other black guys. There are also photos of her with both Walter and Georgina, who don't resemble the robotic versions Chris has met. Apparently Chris isn't the first black guy Rose has been with after all. Rose returns and Chris says that he needs the keys to put their bags in the car. She looks for them in her purse as they make their way downstairs. Jeremy is blocking the front door. Dean and Missy are there too. Jeremy aggressively nears Chris, but Missy and Dean tell him to calm down. Chris keeps telling Rose to get the keys. Missy and Dean tell Chris that they don't want him to leave. Chris asks for the keys again, and Rose says, very calmly while holding them in her hand: "You know I can\'t give you the keys." Chris finally realizes that Rose also is in on whatever this is. Jeremy attacks Chris. Missy clinks the teaspoon on her glass, causing Chris to sink back into the void again. The Armitage family drag him to the basement. Rod keeps trying to call Chris, but it's going straight to voicemail. He looks up the guy\xe2\x80\x99s picture Chris sent him and sees that he went missing half a year ago. Rod goes to the police, explaining his theory of some white folks brainwashing black people and making them their slaves. Police burst out laughing. Nobody takes him seriously. Chris wakes up to find himself strapped to a chair in front of a mounted deer head and an old TV set. He watches a video made by Dean's father that talks about immortality. The teacup and spoon appear on the screen, and he blacks out again. Rod tries Chris's phone again and Rose answers. She lies by saying that Chris left two days ago and she's concerned about his whereabouts. Rod tells her that he went to the police and Rose seems concerned. Rod starts to realize something is wrong, so he tries to record the call, but when he starts talking to her again, she tells him she knows he has the hots for her. He tells her she's crazy and hangs up. Chris wakes up and Jim is on the screen. He tells Chris that they're going to swap brains. The other people at the party were all about being black, but Jim couldn't care less about that. What he really wants is to be able to see the world through Chris's eyes. Dean has perfected the neurosurgery to make this all possible. And Missy hypnotizes the body donors to prepare them for the procedure. He will continue existing in the void but will be able to continue as sort of a "passenger." The flashing is an unfortunate side effect, as they saw earlier at the party. With a ting of the teaspoon - Chris is out. Dean and Jeremy prepare Jim for a brain transplant. Jeremy goes to get Chris. He is unconscious. Jeremy takes off his restraints, and as he is getting infusion ready, Chris smashes his head with a ball, knocking him out. Chris stuffed padding from the chair in his ears to block the sound of the teaspoon. Dean calls for Jeremy and goes out of the lab area to look for him. Chris rushes him and impales him with the deer antlers from the other room. He knocks over a candle that ignites the blanket covering Jim. Chris goes upstairs and finds Missy. She goes for the teacup and spoon, but Chris beats her to them and smashes the cup. Instead she attacks him with a knife, impaling his palm, he turns the blade in his hand and stabs her to death. Chris goes for the front door, but Jeremy jumps him and puts him in a chokehold. As Jeremy kicks the door, Chris stabs him in the leg, breaks his skull with brutal head stomps, and takes his keys. Rose has earbuds in and isn't aware any of this is going on. While she listens to music, she is googling images of handsome-looking black men with good physiques. Chris runs outside and gets into Jeremy's car. He starts driving but hits Georgina. Rose hears this through her earbuds. He can't just let Georgina lie there, so he gets her in the car and continues down the driveway. Rose gets out of the house with a gun and whispers \xe2\x80\x9cgrandma\xe2\x80\x9d. Georgina wakes up and attacks him. In the process, her wig falls off and he sees she has a scar across her head from a brain transplant. They crash into a tree and she dies. Suddenly, the rearview mirror is blown away. Rose is coming after Chris with a rifle. From out of nowhere, Walter runs past Rose to pursue Chris, and Rose says, "Get him, Grandpa," as he tackles Chris. They wrestle on the ground, and Chris takes his picture. Flash! Walter turns and asks Rose for her rifle. She gives it to him, and he shoots her in the stomach before turning the rifle on himself. Rose is on the ground bleeding out. She puts a hand on his cheek and tells Chris that she loves him. Chris starts to choke Rose but stops. A police car pulls up. Rose calls weakly for help, knowing how it looks and that Chris will be held responsible for everything. But it's Rod stepping out of the police car. Chris gets into the car. Rod looks at the chaos and says, "Man, I told you not to go in that house." The end. Thank you for watching! Subscribe if you'd like to see more videos like this. 