listen, do not watch this movie with your in-laws. this is like a spiritual successor to your next witch. I love it back when Adam was still making good movies, because it's a junior price thriller that's fun from beginning to end. granted, it is violent as hell. but it's interesting when you compare it to universals, the Hunts, which just seems to be completely dropped or impede Betty's leading roles. because here, this is one of those Fox movies that was handled completely by Disney. did you guys notice any difference on your end as far as the distribution process, in the marketing process? one, no. I mean none, like if there was any, and I'm glad they didn't let me explain. so a marriage is happening in this movie within this extremely rich family whose fortune came from selling games, like their granddaddy cornered the market on playing cards during the Civil War. I guess we're supposed to believe they have the rights to hide and seek as well, but, you know, pretty much do the Mattel's. they are the parker brothers if they made a deal with the devil, even though you know that our last name is lee doma, the Domus. we never, never really know, I said, but you know, it's loosely it also sounds a lot like dumbass. so, and I think that's intentional. Alex, the husband who's bringing the wife in, is fully aware that his family believes they made a pact with the devil, and that every time there's a new addition to the family, they have to pick a game at random out of a box. and, you know, risk it being hide-and-seek, which practically means Satan's hungry and he wants a sacrifice before sunrise. there's grace, no any of this. yeah, like, damn it, Alex, you can just keep her as a lover if you liked her so much. and, you know, I don't know, risk her not dying. he even tried playing this cutesy music when he's professing his love for her, during the Hans exclaiming that grace wouldn't have stayed if he told her the truth, you don't say. as you see from the trailers, obviously the movie is made up of violence, hide and seek, set pieces where maids die along the way. the family comes off even more psychotic. but I'm not gonna lie Samara was clearly the star, and she was killing it in that dress. literally, we had 17 dresses just for me, and then another 17 for doubles, and then another 17 for the stunt team. so a lot of dresses. some of you may have caught her in the babysitter which really surprised me. when you know what happens, I'd say also, check her out and mayhem cuz she kills it. there. he or she's embodying Kill Bill. she's ready to take more than half. but then Alina start connecting a couple of interesting tidbits that I noticed the first time around. like, obviously there's a juxtaposition of light versus darkness. her name is literally grace, while this family literally worships the devil. in the midst of this sacrificial ritual, she even rises from their grave. as we saw in the barn scene, her hand literally gets nailed through as she whoops ass in her second coming. so it's safe to say there was a couple of little accents here and there about that. but easily the line that stuck out to me the most in this movie, and is actually one of my favorite lines of the year, it comes during this argument with a dad who's arguing for traditions and how they can't use technology because that's not what grandpa had. but like, grandpa also didn't have cars, and that's how you got there, for the tradition. so that's why the Sun hits him with the line, it's not tradition that he was born before cameras and acid. Uzi I see people keeping traditions as pure as they can when, like, didn't the person who make this up not even have running water? I'm pretty sure we can alter a couple of things, like we already have. that said, they do end up going the hereditary route, where it all ended up being true grace, thought it was all in their heads, before they blow up in all their heads, end up on hers because say it's actually overlooking them. overall, I love the comedic elements to it and how it was intertwined with all the action violence. I love how even though it comes off as a simple thriller, it actually dives deep into families and traditions, especially with the character of Alex, and how hard it is to actually break those chains. obviously, I don't have the whole movie to make a montage. you're the best kills. gonna have to wait on dead meat for that one right there. but I love the warning it gives you when it comes to dealing with your in-laws and how playing games together as a family will always go, especially if your nephews are up. thank you guys for checking out this video. in case, you know, your thoughts down below in the comment section. if you haven't seen your next I would highly recommend now one. especially if you saw this one and liked it, go rent your next. final girls, is also another good one that comes to mind. we have a video on revenge. if you haven't seen that one, you might also love that one. and if this is a little too bloody, but you kind of like that idea of, you know, a female character overcoming all that, go watch me. so go watch the director's cut to midsummer, which I'll be catching too. and yes, that means we'll finally make a video for that one as well. but you know what? I really like this movie. I seems to be doing well around tomatoes. I know it's a smaller movie that's coming out towards the end of August, but it was pretty good. they shot it also in Billy Madison's house. which I thought was interesting as we were listening to some interviews. so that house is very versatile, pretty much. just let us know if there's anything else out there worth looking for. and until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, or you're it. 