welcome to the man of recaps. this is the complete Star Wars recap leading up to episode 9, the rise of Skywalker. it all started a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away with the original Star Wars, which is now called episode 4, a new hope. the evil Galactic Empire is chasing down a rebel ship. they're led by Darth Vader. you know him? he breathes real heavy and is a huge badass. he captures rebel leader Princess Leia, famous for the hair Cinnabons. he's looking for some stolen plans, but she hid them in the Droid. yeah, there's two of them. the trash can on wheels is r2d2. he's real cute, beeps and Boop's and his golden english. but their friend is c-3po. they escaped down to sand planet, and long story short, were captured by these little junk dealers, the Jawas. they're selling the droids to a dirt farmer who's got a nephew, Luke Skywalker. Luke's a good kid, but he doesn't want to be a Dirt Farmer. he wants to be a fighter pilot in the resistance. but his uncle's like, Luke, I need you to help me farm the dirt. so Luke is stuck here on this dumb Rock. he finds the secret message from Princess Leia, though Luke's like, dang, who's that? she's hot. r2d2 runs away, and they're attacked by sand people, but they're scared off by the crazy hermit, old Ben Kenobi. old Ben Kenobi, you don't, by chance, know obi-wan, do you? well, of course I know it. it's me. obi-wan used to be a Jedi Knight who could use the force, the mysterious energy that flows through everything. basically, they were space wizards, and they had laser swords called lightsabers. super sweet. Luke's father was a Jedi too, but he was betrayed and murdered by Darth Vader, who went over to the dark side of the force. he place princess Leia's message, but he's like, Luke, I'm too old for this. you want to come help me on an adventure? looks like I'd love to, but I got to stay here and form the dirt. but the Empire just killed his aunt and uncle. so he's like, yeah, I guess I'm coming let's do it. stormtroopers are looking for the droids, but obi-wan congenita mines tricked them. these aren't the droids you're looking for. they hire han Solo, the coolest pilot in the galaxy, along with his best friend and first mate, the wookie Chewbacca. but Hans got a bounty on his head, so he shoots first and goes to see Jabba the Hutt, who he owes money to. he's like, hey, I'll do this one last job and then pay back a promise. so they fly off on Han ship, the Millennium Falcon. they go into hyperspace, the stars fool but meanwhile, the Empire is all hyped up about their new star. this one guy makes fun of Darth Vader, which is a bad idea, because he can choke you out with his mind. governor Tarkin is in command here, and Princess Leia won't tell him where the rebel base is, so he decides to test the Death Star on her home planet of Alderaan. no, not Alderaan. - pew, pew, boom, boom, boom. explodes the whole planet. our crew gets to Alderaan and there's nothing left. but they do see this small moon? that's no moon. oh, it's the Death Star pulling them in. luckily, Han Solo's a smuggler, so they hide in the compartments and then disguise themselves as stormtroopers. obi-wan goes to disable the tractor beam, but the guys find out Princess Leia is being held prisoner right here, so they bust in to save her. they flee into the trash compactor, all the walls closing in. but luckily, r2d2 hacks the system and shuts it down just in time. obi-wan disables the tractor beam, but he runs into Darth Vader, his old apprentice. you meet again, at last. they have an epic lightsaber battle, except they're both kind of old now, so it's not that exciting. to help the gang escape, obi-wan causes a distraction by letting Vader strike him down. no, he just disappears into his robe. so our gang blast their way out of their swivel chair battle, get the TIE fighters. they fly to the rebel base, but they track their ship, so the test starts close behind. luckily now they have the stolen Death Star plans from r2d2, and turns out there's a huge weakness. if you shoot a missile down the shaft to the core, it'll explode the whole thing. Hans not sticking around for the battle. he's taking his reward money and piece it out of there. oh, that Han Solo only cares about himself. then the rebellion flies out on their ex wings. it's like red leader checking in. orem rinses Red five standing by. so it's a big space battle. Pepe's like, Fox, get this guy off my tail. do a barrel roll. they're trying to bomb the shaft, but they all missed cuz they suck. and Darth Vader flies out. should have all down. so at the end, Luke has the final torpedo. he's gonna use the targeting computer, but he hears Obi Wan's ghost voice news, so he turns off the computer, just gonna eyeball it commands like, oh, my god, we're all doomed. Vader's coming up behind him, but just before he fires, boom, he gets shot by Han Solo, flying in to save the day. so Luke takes the shot, makes it in because he's the man, and boom, whole Death Star exploded. so the day is saved. they have a big, silly, metal ceremony. and that's how the first Star Wars comes to an end. next it's Episode five. the Empire Strikes Back. the rebellions hanging out on ice planet. Luke gets captured by the abominable snowman from the Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer movie. luckily, he's learn to use the force. boom, grabs lightsaber, gets himself free. he's dying from the cold, and he hallucinates ghosts. obi-wan, you must go to swamp planet and train with Yoda. just that. Han Solo finds him, and they spend the night inside there dead horse thing. and Luke's a ok. Hans joined the rebellion. he and Leia kind of like each other, even though they have a very antagonistic relationship. you stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf-herder who's scruffy-looking. to prove that she doesn't like him, she kisses Luke, whoa meanwhile, the Empire has found the rebellion on ice planet. they sent down their walking robot things. so they gotta use the cables to tie up their legs and knock them over. Darth Vader's mad at the failure, so he chokes out the one Admiral and promotes the guy next to him. they're chasing the Millennium Falcon. so Han flies through the asteroid field, so you three peals like, well, the odds of survival are very low. never tell me the odds. they hide out in an asteroid hole, where he and Leia start smooching. but there's a giant worm monster in there, so they have to leave. Luke decides to trust his elucidation, and he goes to a swamp world. he meets Yoda, the little old green man who speaks backwards. yes, Trini was a Jedi, I will. the Millennium Falcon got away, so Darth Vader hires famed bounty hunter Boba Fett. no disintegrations. a fly off the cloud world, where they meet Lando Calrissian, Hans old best friend. and he wears a space cape, so you know he's cool. but unfortunately, he leads them into a trap. I'm sorry, I had no choice. they're giving Han to Boba Fett so he can collect the bounty from Jabba the Hutt. Leia finally confesses her feelings. I love you. then, boom, they freeze him in carbonite. so, yeah, hon Xena in a block. now, Luke has a vision of his friends in trouble, so he flies on over there and confronts Darth Vader. it's lightsaber battle time. few people killed. unfortunately, Luke is a total noob and gets his head cut off. Darth Vader is like, hey, you should join me on the dark side. it's super cool, I promise. but looks like, no way. you killed my father. and Darth Vader drops a truth bomb on him. what mind explosion. Luke let's go and falls down. he lands on a weathervane thing. Lando helps them escape. they pick up Luke and fly on out of there. Luke gets a cool robot hand. and that's how Empire comes to an end. episode 6, Return of the Jedi starts down at Jabba the Hutt's palace. he's got Han Solo as his new wall decoration, but a new bounty hunter comes in. turns out it's Leia in disguise. every captured immediately, and they put Leia in the Slave Leia outfit, which caused a generation of boys to hit puberty. Luke comes in to save the day. he's a fully trained Jedi Master. now he falls down the trapdoor and her gonna make him walk the plank into the Sarlacc pit, but looks like, I don't think so. and pulls out his new green lightsaber. yakin by Boba Fett flies in on his jet pack to show off what he can do, but he's a huge disappointment and is immediately knocked into the Sarlacc pit. Leia strangles Jabba and they bust on out of there. Luke goes back to see Yoda, but he's super old now, so he dies black. then ghost obi-wan shows up with the truth bomb. by the way, Leia is your twin sister. it's like, what do I use tongue elsewhere? the Empire's building a new Death Star, and rebels get the Death Star plans again. and turns out it has the exact same weakness as the first. it's weapons aren't operational yet. so they're gonna take it out. but it's protected by a shield from the nearby forest planet. so they go down to disable the shield. they have the speeder race through the woods room. long story short, they crash, and they're picked up by these little teddy bear people, the Ewoks, they're super cute, but apparently they want to feast on human flesh. luckily, they think c-3po is some sort of God, so they untie him and play it off like the hilarious misunderstanding. Luke tells Leia he's her brother, and she's like, oh god. I used Tong he's like, hey, sis, I'm gonna find our dad and try to bring it back to the light side. so he turns himself in, but Vader's like, uh, have you seen my outfit? I'm pretty committed to the stark side thing. he brings him to see the Emperor, who's like, by the way, your friends are walking into a trap. and when the rebel fleet arrives, the weapons are very much operational. Admiral obvious is like, Knepper is a real creepy dude. he's all like, good. I feel your anger. he wants Luke to give in to his anger and join the dark side. and Luke does. he goes to strike in town, but Darth Vader blocks it. so father and son have an epic lightsaber duel, film build film, and this time Luke wins. but the upper I wanted this. he's like, good. now strike him down and take his place by my side. but looks like, no, I'm not gonna do it. I'm gonna stay light side. so the Emperor is like, fine. then it's lightning time. like, dudes, Luke's being lightning to death. and he's like, Father, please help and something to Darth Vader. it snaps, and he's like, no, I'm gonna save my son. takes the Emperor and throws him down that pit. he explodes, so he's definitely dead. no way he could come back in a future movie. so Darth Vader is redeemed. Luke takes off his mask to see his father's face, and he's kind of an ugly dude, and it's like, what the hell, bro, I need that to live down on the planet that he walks join the fight, and even though they're hilariously outgunned, they somehow win and blow up the shield generator. so Lando Calrissian flies the Millennium Falcon down to the core and blows it up. it's exactly like the end of Star Fox 64. so new Death Star explodes, the galaxy saved. they have a biggie walk party. Luke sees the forced ghosts of Yoda and obi-wan, now joined by his father, a young Anakin Skywalker. and that's how the original trilogy comes to an end. now wouldn't it be cool to see the backstory of Darth Vader and find out how the Empire rose to power? you're in luck, because it's time for the prequels. it starts with Episode one, The Phantom Menace. and before the Empire, there was a khalaqtu Kragh public that was mostly at peace. and for trade disputes, they send in to Jedi to mediate Liam Neeson is Jedi Master, qui-gon jinn, and you and McGregor's a young obi-wan, Kenobi. the Trade Federation is working for this mysterious hooded figure who looks suspiciously like the future Emperor. he's like, kill the Jedi. so they gotta fight their way out of there, and the Trade Federation occupies the planet of Naboo. the Jedi made up with the infamously lame Jar Jar Binks meesa quartz add some thanks. long story short, they borrow his boat. they rescue Queen Amidala, but while escaping, their ships damaged, so they have to land for repairs at Tatooine. that's Luke Skywalker's old planet. and they meet little slave boy, Anakin Skywalker, your slave. oh, person. he flirts with natalie portman, who's the Queen's handmaiden, Padme, even though she's like twice his age, he's a real precocious kid. in fact, apparently he built c-3po he offers to help him win the money they need by podracing, which is pretty sweet and made a good n64 game. long story short, he wins, and Liam Neeson's like, yo, you're real strong in the force, kid. I'm gonna train you as a Jedi. now, Queen Amidala talks to her representative, Senator Palpatine. the current Supreme Chancellor of the Senate won't help them get Naboo back, so they impeach his but and the new Supreme Chancellor elected his Palpatine, a surprise to be sure, better what come on. but classic politician, he breaks his campaign promises. he can't help either. so Amidala is going back to Naboo to liberated herself. long story short, Padme is the real Queen Amidala. the other one was decoyed. they recruit jar jar's people into the fight, and it's a big old CGI battle, but it's just a distraction for the main characters. sneaking into the palace where they're confronted by Darth Maul. he's The Apprentice of the future Emperor, and he has a sweet double bladed lightsaber. one thing the prequels actually did real well is cool choreographed lightsaber battles, voom. but at the end of Darth Maul kills qui-gon, so hope you want busts in there, and doesn't happen. clip thing cuts Darth Maul in half. so there's no way he could come back in an animated spin-off series of the Clone Wars, for in a cameo at the end of a future movie where's Anakin. by the way, he jacked a ship and flew up into the space battle. these ships also explode from one hit, and all the droids deactivate cuz they were connected to its Wi-Fi. so the day is saved. they have a big, silly, metal ceremony mirroring the end of the first Star Wars, and that's how episode 1 comes to an end. in episode 2, attacked of the clones as a separatist movement now. a lot of planets trying to leave the Republic. Amidala is against this, so someone's trying to assassinate her. she's assigned her old Jedi friends for protection, and Anakin's grown up into Hayden Christensen. he hits on her again, and it's still weird, cuz it's like, oh, I knew you as a kid. the assassin strikes again with little centipede things, but the Jedi take care of that, and obi-wan leaps out the window to follow the droid. they end up in a flying car, chase through the streets, and then go to a bar where they cut off this girl's hand. but before she can say who hired her, who, someone takes her out. it's this Boba Fett looking guy. obi-wan follows the clues to the rain planet Kamino, where the aliens there are master cloners. turns out they've built a clone army for the republic. obi-wan calls it, like, yo, you guys order an army? and they're like, no, not us. the original clone host was famed bounty hunter Jango Fett. any capped one, two, raises a Sun bow. he a nope, you won't have a fight on the dock. then sound bombs in space, and he falls him down to the separatist planet. meanwhile, Anakin is bodyguarding Padme on her home planet of Naboo. it's a lot nicer than his own planet, Tatooine. I don't like sand. he's still hitting on her super creepily. but eventually they start rolling in the grass. so I guess they're in love. but he starts having nightmares about his mother. remember, she's a slave too, and she was sold to some dirt farmer. Oh, Luke Skywalker's future home. yeah. this Dirt Farmer bought her, but then fell in love and married her. but she was kidnapped and killed by San people. so anakin goes on a rampage, slaughters them all. and not just the men, but the women and the children too. so we'll be one spying on the separatist High Command. they're led by Count Dooku, a former Jedi who's gone to the dark side. obi-wan gets caught. Anakin and Padme go to save obi-wan. they have a big fight in the Droid Building factory. by the way, c-3po and r2d2 are in the prequels, they get up to lots of shenanigans. anyway, they're all captured in a Colosseum thing. they have to fight these big alien bug monsters. but Jedi Sam Jackson shows up. party's over, mother. yeah. the Jedi are here to save the day. they have a big ol fight in the pit. Jango Fett tries to take out mace windu, pew, pew, but I'll get set cut off. poor young Boba's like, father and I will avenge ooh. the Jedi are surrounded and way outnumbered. there's no way they can win. but what's this? busting and it's Yoda with the Clone Army. good thing someone ordered those, right? so it's another giant CGI battle. Jedi go to fight Count Dooku, but Force Lightning, whoa. when he takes out obi-wan, he's way too strong. Anakin goes for a one-on-one, but first they stop for a Jedi close to grave party. that Dooku cuts his arm off. and boom, he's beating both Jedi. but Yoda comes in. wait. are we gonna see Yoda lightsaber battle? yes. oh, he's flipping around. what a little bass but in the end, Dooku escapes, and the galaxy is now at war. they call it the Clone Wars because all the troops are closed. now it's episode three, Revenge of the Sith. the clone wars have been raging for a few years, this great animated series. check it out. Anakin and obi-wan come to rescue Chancellor Palpatine and rematch Count Dooku. lightsaber battle. pew, pew, boom. banana. khun's a lot stronger now, and this time he wins. he's gonna take him prisoner, but Palpatine's like, kill him doing so Anakin's like, hula ok, cuts his head off and he can reunite with Padme. they had a secret wedding at the end of the last movie, because Jedi are forbidden from being in relationships. they're supposed to be like monks, you know. Padme, he's got some big news. she's like, hey, I'm preggers. say, why? on top of that, and it can starts having nightmares that Padme will die in childbirth. now, Anakin and Palpatine had tickets to Cirque de slay. Palpatine's like, hey, have you ever heard the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise. he was a Dark Lord of the Sith that had the power to save people from death. and Eakins like, wow, that'd be great, but how do you know this? and it's like, oh, because I'm a Dark Lord of this if anything's like, what? but he's like, don't worry. the darkside is super cool, trust me. so and I can tell Sam Jackson, who shows up with some Jedi. it's like, you're under arrest. the Senate will decide your fate. I am Senate. and oh. he does a crazy spin move, takes all these guys out. he's jumping around and flipping quite a lot for an old guy. in the end, Mace Windu's gonna win, but he's like, lightening time. oh, but mace windu blocks it, reflects it back on him. and oh, that's why he's getting all ugly. maybe I'm just gonna kill him. banana kids like, no, I need him to teach me how to save Padme. that Palpatine force lightning out the window. so, surprising no one, Chancellor Palpatine is now obviously the future Emperor. and he's like, good. you shall be my new apprentice. Darth Vader. and it confirm and just teach me how to save Padme. and he's like, okay, I will, but first you got to go to the Jedi Temple and kill all the remaining Jedi, including the younglings. so ahead of khun's alignment has gone from zero to negative a hundred real quick. lots of Jedi are spread across the galaxy, fighting in the Clone Wars. but Palpatine's got a plan for this. execute order 66. yeah, that's the coach of the clone troopers to turn on all the Jedi. so Palpatine was, hilariously, the leader of both sides of the Galactic Civil War. now it's time to consolidate, though, he sends Darth Vader to the separatist leaders to kill him, haha. tops to the Senate like, hey guys, Republic's are super lame. let's make this baby an empire. everyone's like, yeah, sure. I mean, why not? this is how the pretty guys and their supplies. obi-wan was busy fighting General Grievous. he's got four arms doing a windmill thing. but they ended up having a chicken unicycle race. and long story short, shoots him in the heart. obi-wan sees Anakin's gone to the dark side. so he grabs Padme and they rush over to volcano planet. she's like, Anakin, if you come to the dark side and he's like, yeah, baby. dark sides super cool, trust me. obi-wan pops out. so Anakin thinks Padme betrayed him, and chokes her out a bit. then it's time for the Anakin obi-wan lightsaber battle. yeah, bill. bill, bill, it's really pretty sweet choreography, except for some parts that are weird. meanwhile, Yoda goes to fight the upper and they have a lightsaber battle in the Senate chamber. they start throwing chairs at each other, and then some lightning and blocking, but boom, explosion. and Yoda falls down into this guy's car. it's like, take me back to swamp planet. I'm going style for a few 30 years. the Anakin obi-wan fights has gotten really out of hand. so you want jumps onto dry land, high ground. mannequins like, you underestimate my power and tries to jump over him. so I'll be one cuts his legs off. Oh, everyone makes a tearful speech. you are my brother, Anakin. you were supposed to bring balance to the force, not leave it in darkness. obi-wan leaves him there to burn out, but the Emperor finds him and brings him in for some serious surgery. and now Anakin has fully become Darth Vader. Vader's like, wow. things really got out of hand back there. but luckily, it's all good now, and now you can help me save Padme. therefore as like, whoo. this is awkward. but when you choked her out, you killed her. oh, but it was alive. Patton is alive, and she's given birth right now, two twins, Luke and Leia. but the sadness of Anakin going to the dark side breaks her heart. then she dies. the prophecy came true because he tried to avoid it. whoo-hoo. they said, lana live on the beautiful planet of Alderaan and be raised as a princess. and Luke, they give to his step-uncle on crappy desert planet to be a Dirt Farmer. and that's how the prequels come to an end. now it's time for the sequel trilogy. first, I'll quickly mention rogue one, which tells the story right before the original Star Wars, of how they're abelian stole the Death Star plans. people really loved this movie, but it was fine. there's also solo, which tells the origin story of Han Solo. people hated this movie, but it was fine. now it's episode 7, the force awakens. after the Empire fell in the original trilogy, part of it stayed together and rebranded as the first-order. so Poe dameron's an ace pilot in the new resistance. he gets some important information, any surprise, hides it in a droid. the villain in this one is kylo Ren, and he wears a sweet mask, just like mater did. he's got a crazy lightsaber with handles that's actually really smart. he captures Poe and tells the stormtroopers to execute the civilians. but one stormtrooper refuses to do it. he's having a crisis of conscience. and his name is Finn. but our main character is Rey. she's a trash scavenger down on sand planet, not Tatooine, from the originals, a new one called jakku. she's got a hard life, trading junk for rations of insta bread, and count down the days since her family abandoned her on this rock. one day she runs into Poe's droid its bb-8, he's super cute. beeps and Boop's just like r2d2 did. and they become hints to best friends. meanwhile, Finn helps Poe escape. they steal a ship, but crash-land on jakku, and, oh no. looks like Poe died. bb-8 recognizes Poe's jacket. so Rey not spin out, but he explains, no, I'm a friend of Poe's. I helped him escape. just then the bad guys show up. so our crew goes to steal a ship. it's the Millennium Falcon. Rey's never flown a ship before, but she just kind of wings it and does a great job. so they busting out of there. this random officer gives the bad news to kylo Ren. back in Vader's day, you'd be choked out. but I guess HR put a stop to that. cazzo just breaks things with this lightsaber. so Finn and Rey are on the Millennium Falcon. they're picked up by another ship, though, and it is han Solo and Chewbacca. oh, it's like legendary rabbil. han Solo, we need your help to take this droid with important information back to the resistance. he's like, huh? this this all sounds kind of familiar. what's bb-8 got anyway? well, it's a partial map to Luke Skywalker. yeah. where is Luke? what happened to him? while he was trying to train a new Jedi Order. but one of the students went to the dark side and killed everyone. so Luke went into exile. Hans gonna help him, but first they stopped at a bar where they meet Maz Kanata. ray tries to find the bathroom, but instead she finds an old lightsaber. once she touches it, boom, the force is awakened within her. turns out that is Luke Skywalker's old lightsaber, the blue one that he dropped back on cloud world. why does Maz happen? I don't know, but she's like, right, it's yours now. just then the bad guys attack, and Rey ends up in the forest. so Finn gets to use the lightsaber. he's had no training though, and gets his butt kicked. luckily, resistance fighters come to save the day, led by ace pilot poe dameron. yeah, he survived. hello. Ren kidnaps Rey and the first order pieces out of there. then on sole is reunited with Princess Leia, his one true love. c-3po is there too. by the way, han and leia have been estranged for years because the kid Luke was training that went bad was their son, Ben. solo, none other than kylo Ren. so kylos got this hero worship thing for Darth Vader, his maternal grandfather. and his current mentor is Supreme Leader Snoke, who is not a giant, that's just a hologram. kyle is talking to Ray, and he takes off his mask, but, oh, he's not scarred or anything. he's like, what? no, I don't need that to live. it just makes me look cool. the first order is built a bigger, badder Death Star called star killer base. the old Death Star could destroy a whole planet, but this one can destroy five planets. and so in one fell swoop, they've taken out two the New Republic. so now the resistance needs to destroy Starkiller base. haunts like, let me guess there's one spot we could hit that would blow up the entire thing. Finn's like, oh, yeah, there it is, right there. but they need to get down onto the surface to disable the shield's Finn doesn't know how though he wasn't an engineer, basically, he was a janitor. he's like, whatever. we'll just use the Force. that's not how the force works. long story short, they get the shield's down, and their resistance can fly in to bomb it. but the bad guys finally decided to cover their one weakness with super thick steel. so the gang finds Rey and goes to blow up a hole, but then they find kylo. Ren puns like, kylo, I am your father. because I was like, yeah, dad, I know it's not a mystery this time. hannes like, son, I love you. come on back to the light side. and Kyle is like, maybe just kidding. oh. he stabs Han, Solo, kind of fights Rey, and Finn knocks Rey out immediately. so Finn gets a second chance with this lightsaber, but he still sucks. gets totally wrecked. now, kylo wants that lightsaber for himself, because, remember, before it was Luke's, it was Anakin's Darth Vader. but the lightsaber passes him and chooses Rey. doom lightsaber battle. but Rey's never been trained either, and she's losing. but then she channel's the foresaid turns it around. boom, boom. gives kylo a star to go with that mask. they get out of there just in time for Poe to fly in and blow up the new new Death Star. bb-8 goes to see r2d2, who's been in sleep mode. he's got the other half of the map to Luke Skywalker. and at the top of the mountain, she finds him. the last Jedi. hey, I think you dropped this about thirty years ago. and that's how a force awakens comes to an end. now it's episode eight, the last Jedi. after a few years of waiting, we finally see Luke's reaction. he just throws it over his shoulder. what Luke? we need your help to save the galaxy from the evil empire. he's like, you kid. I already saved the galaxy once. I'm just gonna chill here as a hermit drinking my blue alien milk elsewhere. the first order found a rebel base, so they're evacuating. ace pilot, poe dameron, flies in and prank calls general Hux despise the resistance. time to escape, but the first order tracks them through Lightspeed. that's not supposed to be possible. kylo Ren flies in with his sweet new Skaar, ready to kill his mom, but he doesn't hate his mom as much as his dad. he can't go through with it. unfortunately, his friends can. and hope. Princess Leia sucked into space. it's super sad. r.i.p, Carrie Fisher, but who wait, was this? she's alive? yeah, I guess she uses her latent Force powers to survive in space. and Mary Poppins back to the ship. the rest of the movie is a hilariously chase seen as the resistance is just out of range of the first order, and they're not gonna run out of gas for like, two days. fins all healed from his injuries and wants to leave to find ray. he's got kind of a crush on ER. instead, he meets Rose Tico, just a maintenance worker, but between them, they figure out how to disable the Lightspeed tracker on the first order ship. they need a master code breaker to get him in the system, though, and Maz Kanata knows a great one. on casino planet. they find the high-class code breaker, but they parked illegally, so they're sent to casino jail, where they meet a drunken bum of a Code Breaker, beti seems to note he's doing so they figure he'll do they steal a bunch of horse-racing aliens and caused quite a commotion as they bust on out of it. Finn Andros sneak on to the first-order ship. code breaker gets him in, and they're getting ready to shut it down, then the resistance will Lightspeed out of there. but the drunken bum code breaker obviously turned them into the first order. so this whole plan was pointless. now, rings doing a bad job of training herself, so Luke finally agrees to give her some pointers. but turns out the force is ridiculously strong with her. I've seen this raw strength only once before. it was kylo Ren, and he ended up going to the dark side at burning Luke's house down. so he doesn't want to repeat it at speaking of kylo, he and Ray have some sort of psychic force connection. they can see each other sometimes. and sometimes he's shirtless. oh, hey, didn't see you there. I was just getting my ab workout in no biggie. anyway, he tells his side a story that he woke up one night and Luke was about to kill him. so he just defended himself and feeling betrayed by his master, that's why he went to the dark side. what the past time? kill it if you have to. she feels bad for him, so these two psychically hold hands, and oh yeah, they're definitely gonna bang. she confronts Luke and gets the real full story. he had a vision that kylo was going to go to the dark side, so he thought about preemptively killing him, but then couldn't go through with it. but then kind of woke up and it was awkward. and then that said how it goes. raised like, okay, boomer. and she flies off to go hang with kylo, bring him back to the light side. Luke gets wasted on his blue milk and goes to burn down the Jedi Temple, but force ghost Yoda shows up. he knocks some sense in the Luke. it's like, hey, man. you think you're the only one with an apprentice who went to the dark side? it's happened to literally everyone. now, kylo Ren brings Rey to meet Supreme Leader Snoke, who dressed up for the occasion in his best pajamas. we don't get any of his backstory. he's just super ugly. and super strong with the force. he wants kylo to kill ray and complete his journey to the dark side. it looks like kylos gonna do no redemption arc for him. but wait, what's this? he's sneakily turning a light saber. and Whoville turns it on and kill snow. Kyle oh, kill snow. epic twist. snoke's bodyguards are apparently paid to avenge his death. so Kyle Oh Andrew a team up to take them all out. super sweet fight. these two make a great team, and they win. she's like, thanks, Kyle oh. I knew you'd come back to the light side now. tell him to stop firing on the resistance. but he's like, well, slow your roll, girl. I didn't go to the light side. I just didn't like Snoke. but I do like you. you should join me on the dark side. super cool. I promise. then Kyle oh drops the truth bomb about her parents. turns out they were, they were nobody, just a couple of junkies who abandoned her on jakku. she's not a Skywalker, not a Snoke, not a Palpatine. this makes Rey super sad, but she's still going light side. and tries to grab the lightsaber. these two fighting over it, and boom, rip it in half right about that. and things look real bad for the resistance. so too by the rest of them. time to escape. purple haired Admiral turns her ship around, and what's this? little height speed baby, boom, right into the first order of fleet. tears on my part. this causes significant distraction for Finn and Rose to escape. Finn has a showdown with his archenemy, his old commanding officer, captain phasma. she was a real cool, underused character from force awakens. I'm excited to see more of her. but Oh, Finn knocks her into the fire. I guess she's dead. so the remains of her resistance makes it to an old base. it's not on a snow planet. that's a salt planet. the red dust underneath makes a super cool visual for their last stand. ray flies in on the Millennium Falcon. I guess she we picked her up along with these cute animals called porks. first orders, got a big cannon, and Finn's gonna sacrifice himself to take it out, Independence Day style. but if Rose comes and stops him, she's like, I'm not gonna let you sacrifice yourself. let's make out. so just then, when the resistance has no hope left, Luke Skywalker walks in. did someone say a new hope? yeah, he's come to save the day. stares down the whole first-order single-handedly sounds like, yo, fire every gun we have on this guy. fufufu. boom. it's like, you think we got him, but they actually didn't. what? Luke Skywalker? what a boss. so he and kylo have their final lightsaber duel, and Luke still some slick moves for an old man. in the end, he pulls at Hope yuan Kenobi, and kylo goes to cut him, but nothing happened. Luke is not really there. yeah, he's a force projection. he's just meditating super hard. back on Exile planet, he's like, kid, you just got Punk'd. and poo fades out. and then in real life, that, I guess, the strain, he dies from that too. but he bought enough time for the resistance to escape. Bray's out there lift in the rocks for him. yeah, I guess she's mastered or force powers now. and they fly off on the Millennium Falcon. the resistance may be down to just 12 total people, but as long as the downtrodden and oppressed of the galaxy have opened their hearts, their resistance will never die. and that's how the last Jedi comes to an end. now you're ready for the epic finale of the trilogy of trilogies, episode 9, rise of Skywalker. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out. [Music]. 