[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this video, we'll be reviewing the 1972 zombie film, children shouldn't play with dead things. let's get to it. the movie opens on a grumbly old groundskeeper approaching a dapper gentlemen of the night. unfortunately for him, the visitor appears to be some sort of zombie vampire who gives him a good shaking. they're joined by another shrouded figure, and then get to work swapping out some coffin contents. we then cut to a shot of the big city and a group of young bohemian proto hipsters on a small boat. it's an acting troupe headed toward a cemetery island, looking for a production value as they plan on digging up a dead body. Alan, the leader of the troupe, is a pretentious [ __ ], and attempts to make a lascivious deal with Paul regarding the sex rights to Terri. she manages to talk her way out of it by explaining her sexual history, rather than just saying, no. blabber girl. they gear up and head into the woods toward the light at the graveyard. Alan introduces them to their new set waxing poetic with a mellifluous oration and employing a totally bitchin vocal fry' your levity does not amuse me. Jeffrey. they continue on and are observed from the woods. when the group pauses to get their bearings, Alan workshops some new ideas that came to him right then. oh, the curse of the artist, a constant conduit for creation. eventually they make it to the old caretakers cottage, busting lighted up and start exploring. as they do, they continue to fill every moment with melodramatic chatter and excessive sweating. several of them have a brief fireside conversation about ghosts, where Anya engages a bit of her crazy side. as Alan gets ready for the evenings festivities, he refers to his troupe as children, justifying the somewhat misleading title. he then pulls out a shotgun, a Necronomicon and the finest wizard's robe he could afford. he confirms the plans to bring someone back from the dead and bending him to their will. the island was selected because it meets all the requirements of the spell. they find a good grave and start digging. they are descended upon by Google's creating some momentary fear responses, which is punctuated by Alan laughing, of course. Oh, what is that? Roy as everyone expresses their upset, Alan continues to laugh incessantly. they eventually get over it and get on with the rituals, the prank only being a fun diversion. they caress the course previously exhumed and get to ritualizing. beforehand, Paul is disturbed by a barely buried corpse that Alan takes as a sign that they will all rise. he begins the incantations and works himself into a froth, but his performance ends flaccid Lee. in the Silence of the night. Alan gets angry at Satan for spurning him, and pops off his crew laughs at his impotent rage, and, thinking she can do better a vow, steps up to take a swing. and summoning the demons, she ad-libs a little something and gets familiar with Satan, so what's the trouble? hmm. but despite her best insult, she can't go to the corpse to reanimate. they get into a one-upping tennis match, ending with Alan choosing to bring Orville back to the cottage. for an actor, life is performance. so Alan spins off a one-liner about thresholds into a faux wedding. luckily, his drama friends appear to be down for anything at a moment's notice. as Alan continues to push the envelope, Paul and Terry get fed up. Alan asserts his dominance by threatening to cancel her contract. and while she's busy getting back into his good graces, Anya starts to get the crazies again, and finally voices her opinion in a way that confirms all prior suspicions about her mental health. the tension begins to swell as Anya pleads for him to stop, Orville's my friend, I'll do what I want with him. well, that's not really what friends do, since monologuing is what these friends do do. anya takes some time to beg forgiveness, while Alan transports the body to his marital bed so he can pout. while the rest of the group is also leave. back at the yard, Roy Emerson go to bury the accidental corpse. momentarily distracted by a fancy bauble, they let down their guard, and Roy finds himself on the receiving end of a throat hug. their response to this is somewhat milder than one would expect, the only time we bear witness to understated acting. and they soon find themselves surrounded theirs in a full-on awakening, resulting in Emerson's consumption. the group leaves the cottage to a very different situation than they anticipated, as a bloody droid charges back, pursued by a mob of the undead. they proceed to barricade themselves inside, while the zombies peek through the windows like their early to a Black Friday sale or something. inside, Terry takes over the role of freaking out the onslaught ends abruptly, however, and the zombies take to standing around aimlessly. they take this opportunity to confirm Roy's condition as dead, and then secure the premise they want to get to either the gun or the boat. and Paul recommends a distraction upfront while he runs out the back. they get in a brief scuffle, which is really well lit thanks to Terry, and then go to check Paul's progress out back. they discover he managed to make it about 15 feet, and he was the athlete of the group, which doesn't bode well for the rest of them. Terry is dragged into the abyss. Geoff attempts to pull her out, but gets totally grossed out when one of the undead touches him, so he leaves her to her faith. Val and Alan start pointing fingers. actually, you both did it. this gets Jeff's mind humming, and he has the great idea of attempting a counterspell, which Alan invokes immediately. of Jim O'Gorman, hey, I know that word. the zombies are tracked in. the group heads out sands Orvil, despite the spell recommending they return him to his grave. as a result, they only make it so far before being confronted by a wall of zombies. Jeff and Val are torn to shreds as Alan and Anja run back in, locking the door or not. Alan goes ahead and makes a sacrifice for his own well-being, but then locks himself in his room with a now reanimated Orville, who promptly comes to get that honeymoon he was promised. the zombies then go fishing, and that was children shouldn't play with dead things. a movie that pairs up with Fido, mostly in name only. if you're not subscribed, I would love for you to be a part of the channel. I hope you enjoyed the video, and thanks for watching. 