hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the movie the mummy, part 2. for part 1, check the description. we are shown a man whose name is scorpion king. he is winning the war for many years. but this time he loses a war. so he with his companions were left into a desert to die. many days passed and his all companions died. he is left. he prays to god to save his life. save my life till i defeat the enemy, till i kill them, and after it, i will be ready to give my life. so god of their hears his prayer. means a thing which they call god. he gives the army to the scorpion king. he makes him the leader of that army. he defeats all the enemies with the help of god. but he promised that whenever he will defeat his enemy, he will sacrifice his life. according to the promise, his life was taken. the army, which he revives, was also sent back to that place where they died. this was the time of the past. now we see that many thousand years have passed, but still the scorpion king and the army have died. there there is no movement in them. now the scene changes and we see rick and evelyn. in these few years, they got married and they have a cute son. he works with them as they work. nowadays, they were at that place where the scorpion king had fight his last battle. evelyn sees a secret door. when she opens that door, there was a box in it. after opening that box, she finds a bracelet of the scorpion king. but maybe she hasn't read that. what was written on that box there was written that when anyone will open that box, the water of the river nile will come here. it happens the same. a lot of water comes there. somehow they escaped their life and come outside. then they shift to their country, which was at a far distance from egypt. during this we are shown that the place where the priest died and he lost his book from which he can revive anyone, some people were digging there. they find that book. from there. the strange thing is that they also find the priest's body there. the dead body of the priest was missing for many years. a girl comes there to see that dead body. that girl was alike that girl whom the priest likes. here we come to know that they all are in search of the bracelet of scorpion king. they come to know that rick and evelyn found that bracelet. now they are not in this country. then they go to their country to them. during this we see that the son of rick and evelyn was seeing that bracelet. he wears that bracelet. after it, a laser comes out of it, and a screenplay in front of him, in which he sees deserts and pyramids. he becomes nervous. he tries to put off that bracelet. this means the bracelet of the scorpion king. while becoming nervous, he tries to put off that bracelet, but that was stuck with his hand strongly. it wasn't removed from his hand. then he hides it in his sleeves of the coat. then the people who were digging come to evelyn to take that bracelet. the man who was the guard of pharaoh in that place, he was taking care of that place for many years, that nobody will come here. he was nowadays living with them. he forbids evelyn to give them the bracelet. the others take evelyn in that bracelet with them. that guard runs towards rick. he shows him a picture of a man. he tells him that he is their leader. this man had kidnapped your wife. he also had taken that bracelet. then the son of rick tells them that, don't worry, i'm having the bracelet. and i know this man. this man works in the museum. then they go to the museum. guard tells rick, as his son has worn this bracelet. now after wearing this bracelet, the scorpion king will revive within seven days. you know, to what? the person who will kill the scorpion king will command his army. that person can control his army. that's why they all are trying to revive that priest, because he is powerful. if he will be revived with the magical spells, he will defeat the scorpion king. after it, they will rule the whole world with the priest. they all reach the museum. there they see that when they were opening the box, there wasn't the bracelet in it. they get shocked. they ordered to throw evelyn in the fire. meanwhile, they also revive the priest. there was the same girl in front of him, which he likes. she looks likes her. actually, that girl was born again. that was her second life. but she remembered her past. she starts talking with the priest. during this, rick and his companions save evelyn from there. but the priest also revives his mummy army and orders them to chase them. they kidnap the son of evelyn and rick's son. now the priest, that girl and others were in a train. they were with the son of rick and evelyn. the priest comes to that boy and says that you have worn this bracelet, and the person who wears this bracelet also knows the way where that scorpion king will revive. on the other side, evelyn and richard were worried about their son. she goes to her friend who was having a hot air balloon. they asked for help, and they say, take us to that place where was the priest and his companions, because they kidnapped our son. on the other side, the son of evelyn and rick makes himself free from the train, and he comes outside. he comes to an old castle where he sees the visions of that place where that scorpion king will revive. but then the priest comes there and again holds him. now we see that the priest and that girl, who seems like the girl whom the priest likes. the priest calls the soul of that girl who was imprisoned in the dark. he does this from that book. he put that soul into that girl. due to it, she remembers all the old things with it. evelyn also sees the same visions. evelyn comes to know that she was the daughter of pharaoh. means she was the princess of that place, the prize. and that girl took pharaoh's life in front of her eyes. that was the reason she was fast in ancient history. and she also got the things related to the past, like books, boxes and bracelets, etc. now we see evelyn and rick. they were going to that place where there were the priest and the train, in the hot air balloon. but when they enter on the train, they couldn't find their son. there was a model made of sand nearby that was seeming the same place where they have to go. they come to know that the priest and the others are taking their son to this place. but the priest also knows it, and he crashes their hot air balloon while lifting up water in the air. they take off from that balloon. now, guard rick and evelyn move forward to the forest. then they see some companions of the priest. the mummies were also there. their height was small. they were attacking them. they kill most of the army of the priest. the son of rick and evelyn was also there. rick runs from there. while lifting his son, rick has a short time. if they will not reach that pyramid, their son can lose his life due to that bracelet. evelyn's brother was also there. they run toward that pyramid. finally, before the morning, they jumped toward that pyramid. they saved the life of their son. that bracelet separates from his hand. he throws it far there. evelyn and her brother come, but that girl whom the priest likes, come and kills evelyn. while seeing it, rig becomes sad. he thinks that i will take revenge on her. there in the pyramid, we see the priest in that girl. then some black things arrive there. they take out the powers from the priest. those were sent by the scorpion king, because he was about to revive he doesn't want that someone else will be more powerful than him. the priest couldn't understand that what has happened to him during this that man who revived the scorpion king means the man of the museum. he finds the bracelet of the scorpion king. he finds a huge scorpion sign. he wears that bracelet. he puts his hand in a hole that was present in that sign. that was a hint for this, that now the scorpion king and his army will be revived, and soon they will arrive here. the guard was also outside with his personal army to defeat the army of the scorpion king at any time, otherwise the world will destroy. there the son and the brother of evelyn were sad because of her death. then the brother of evelyn makes him understand that, son, don't worry. once we get that book from which the dead ones can be revived, then you will see that your mother will be revived and will come to us. they go inside the pyramid. they wisely snatch that book from the girl whom the priest likes. evelyn's son knows to read the old language of egypt. he starts reading the book. after it his mother means, evelyn becomes revive. now evelyn and that girl whom the priest likes to fight a lot. on the other side, there was the fire of revenge. in the priest's heart. he says that i will make the scorpion king revive and will kill him. i will rule the whole world. he was trying to wake him, but then rick arrives there. he forbids him, and then there is a huge fight between them. during this fight, we see that the door of that place opens. and now the scorpion king was revived. he has the legs like a scorpion. he returns while being more powerful and dangerous. after seeing the scorpion king, the priest was scared, because he was a normal human now, and scorpion king has his powers. he understands that, i can't defeat him, even if i want to. now, when the scorpion king comes to kill him, he bends in front of him and says that i am your slave. he points towards rick and says that this man wants to kill you. then the scorpion king moves towards rick, but rick was also a human, and he can't compete with him. so he runs from there while saving his life. meanwhile, he stands near a stone on which there were some drawings. something was made after digging the stone, in which a man with a bayonet was killing the scorpion king. he understands that scorpion king will be killed with bayonet. then the brother of evelyn arrives there, and he was having the same bayonet in his hand. rick says him to throw that bayonet at him. then evelyn's brother throws that bayonet at him, but in between, the priest catches that bayonet. here the planning of the priest changes. he thinks that now the bayonet is in my hand, so why don't i kill the scorpion king and rule the world? i will not be the slave of anyone with it, he throws that bayonet at the scorpion king. on the other side, rick had stuck the scorpion king while setting his surroundings on fire. meanwhile, the priest throws that bayonet at him, but before it hits the scorpion king, rick holds that bayonet. the scorpion king attacks rick, but then rick immediately stabs that bayonet in him. on the other side, we see that outside the pyramid, when that guard was fighting with that man, then the army of the scorpion king was moving towards him. that removed when the scorpion king has died. now we see that everything is destroying. inside the pyramid, the earth has opened, and there are black souls under it. they were pulling rick and the priest inside because they were hanging there. evelyn immediately comes there to save rick. that i will not from here without you. the priest was also seeing all this. he asks his favorite girl that come and save me. i am dying here. but that girl was only worrying about her life. she leaves from there. when the priest sees this, tears come into his eyes. that the girl whom i wanted to make revived from many thousand years, i love her, but actually she doesn't love me. being sad, he throws himself in that deep ditch. after it that black souls hold him and kill him. but the favorite girl of the priest was also not saved. when she was going outside, she fell into a place where were the dangerous insects. those insects ate her. due to it, she also dies. now, rick, evelyn, evelyn's son and her brother, they four were left. they come outside from there, but all paths were destroyed. and there was a storm. they move to the top of the pyramid. meanwhile, the man who has the hot air balloon comes there. he makes them sit with him. but then the brother of evelyn hangs with that balloon. he sees a diamond at the top of the pyramid, a precious diamond. he'd picks it. they all go from there. that guard who was fighting with the army has gone far from that place already. when they were going to their house in the hot air balloon, he again says thank you to them from the earth, that again they have saved the world to be destroyed with this. this movie ends here. thank you for watching. 