welcome to thriller recapped. today i will show you an american supernatural horror and thriller film called the ruins. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. this movie is about two young american couples who are enjoying their vacation in mexico. but sooner, their curiosity leads them to a place where nobody would want to be in and leaves everyone in an unsettling and disturbing state. the movie starts on a pool where two couples talk about their vacation trip, jeff with amy and eric with stacey. sooner, amy loses her earrings. as they look for it, a german tourist, mathias, brings it to them, and he says, i found it for you guys. they talk a bit, and jeff invites him to hang out with their group. mathias tells them he is looking for his brother, heinrich. and his brother was last seen at an archaeological site in a mayan ruins in middle of a jungle. later that evening, they hang out on a beach with matthias. the girl seem intoxicated, and amy asks matthias for a dance. after a dance, drunk, amy gets too close to matthias and kisses him. so they decide to call it for the day. the next day, mathias and his friend dimitri are making a map. eric and stacey are very excited for the trip, and they make some quick hormone exchange. however, the other couple, jeff, gets ready, but amy is hesitant, and she thinks it's better if she stays in her room instead. but soon she agrees. later, matthias tells them they will need to take a taxi for 15 kilometers and then there will be a hike. mathias shows the map to taxi driver, but he says, this place is not good. dimitri gives him more money, and then the driver agrees to take them in the truck. unknown to the horrors that awaits for them. jeff excitedly tells the group that sunni is going to be a doctor, and he's very happy. they arrive to a location with no exit in middle of woods. matthias finds his brother's jeep there haven't been used since a while. they walk for a bit, and they come across a water place. soon they find two children from the tribe watching them. matthias finds a path that seems to be covered with branches and leaves, as if someone does not want you to go there. they assume archaeologists are doing it to hide the lost gold. then matthias take them to a narrow path. amy still seems to be hesitant. the group reaches the ruins of a mayan temple. soon mayan lead arrives there, and he yells at them in a foreign language. jeff offers him money, but he is not after the bag, more mayans arrive, and mathias shows his lost brother's picture to them. they step on the vines. the lead of tribe attacks dimitri and kills him. then the group flees up to the ruins of temple. upon reaching the top, they reach to a tent and finds it empty. they realize matthias also lost their phone down with the tribe. later, matthias finds his brother's body in the vines. jeff sees more of tribe members arriving to the temple. jeff takes water bottle from stacy's hands and tells them they need to save water till someone arrives. they're looking for them. they hear a phone ringing somewhere inside the ruins, so they try to get it out with a rope. matthias goes inside, but the rope breaks and matthias falls down below. then they send stacy to get matthias, since she is lightweighted. however, the rope is only till mid of temple's length. reaching the end of rope, she sees matthias paralyzed, begging for help. she jumps to help him, and injures herself as well. jeff decides to help them, but amy is hesitant and doesn't want to do it. soon, amy decides to go to mayans for help. they point gun at them. so aggressively, she throws handful of vines on a kid. the tribe is in chaos and shoots the kid. jeff realizes the tribe fears vines, and whoever touches it, they kill them. later, they talk to amy and convince her to help stacy. then amy is sent below on a shaft to rescue matthias. the girls lift him and put him on the shaft and bring him at the top. eric starts the generator and they have some lights now in the tent. girls get some rest and fall asleep. jeff goes down and still sees the tribe there. the next morning, jeff sees some movement in the vines and finds a corpse in it. stacy wakes up and sees vine getting into her wounded eric pulls it out carefully. mathias says, something is wrong. amy pulls the blanket and she finds vines wrapped around both of his legs. the vines have eaten the legs to bone. the phone rings again. so they send amy and stacy down inside the temple to get it. they look for the phone. soon they enter a small, cornered room with more vines and find a corpse in it. they flip the body and gets the phone. however, it's not working. strangely, they hear the noise coming out of flowers, and the flowers were making the sound a phone call. then they are attacked with vines. they too makes it to shaft, and the temple starts closing. but they make it to escape. eric doesn't believe them. jeff tells them, if they try to leave, they'll be shot as well, and matthias is paralyzed. jeff tries to assure them that police, the embassy or the hotel, somebody will try to find them. and they have left map in the room as well, so then they might come to temple looking after them. they just must survive till then. jeff tells them, one person should always be awake to look after others. jeff gives his part of water to matthias. later, jeff decides they must cut his legs, or mathias will die of infection in the bones. they vote if they want to do it. jeff and stacey votes to do it. mathias screams asking to do it. later, jeff asks both the girls to wait in tent. jeff heats a stone and breaks the bones of matthias's legs with it. then he starts cutting the legs with a knife. eric throws, upon seeing that, the girls come out and starts yelling at them. then we see vines taking the broken legs of matthias. later that night, eric goes to the tent and tries to comfort girls from what they witnessed. jeff, meanwhile, tries to observe the tribe and looks for any escape route. amy goes to eric and talks to him a bit about matthias health and mourns of what they are going through in the tent. stacy hears amy's noise and accuses them of exchanging hormones. they start arguing, and stacey snitches on amy, that amy kissed matthias while jeff was not around. in meantime, the vine starts suffocating matthias, killing him. later they hear vine flowers making some sounds. the flowers mock the girl's voice, like humans. the next morning, jeff tells amy that the tribe is making them quarantine there so the infection of vines won't spread. eric comes to them and shows them stacey being infected with the disease of vines. it might have happened when they were inside the temple. so jeff decides to take it out with knife. he plucks it out of her skin. he then makes a cut and takes it out of her spine as well. later, stacey says there is more vines inside and it's in her head as well. then the vines moves under the skin in her forehead, revealing that her fears are true. later that day, stacey goes outside the tent while other are sleeping, and takes a knife. she hears flowers mocking her voice. they come out and find stacy making cuts all over her body. jeff tries to calm her down, and she cuts him with a knife. eric also tries to calm her, but she stabs him and he dies from it. later, she mourns about what she has done, the vines grab eric's body and starts dragging it stacey begs amy to kill her, that she is infected. and the plants start to speak the same thing. jeff decides to kill her as an act of mercy. later, jeff covers amy with blood, so she is not easy to get a hold of. he gives her the car keys and says he will distract the mayans and kisses her. he goes down and lays amy on the ground. he tries to talk to mayan leader about his life and provokes them. they point at him, and amy runs from there. soon he is attacked by the tribe. mayans start chasing her in the jungle. the leader shoots him in the head out of mercy, before the vines eat him. amy finally makes it to the jeep and manages to drive away. as she drives we see vines crawling under her skin. the next day, two friend of matthias makes their way in the jungle looking for him. then the movie ends. however, i decided to find the extended version of this movie. and in that alternate ending, we see a group of people in a graveyard. an old man is blowing whistle. as he goes next to the grave of amy, the flowers start blowing the whistle back. he touches it. in the movie ends. this explains the main purpose why, earlier, the tribe was not allowing them to escape. and now we can assume that the vines infected most of the people, until any cure is found. if any let me know in the comments what would you have done to escape? and please like and subscribe. it really helps the channel. 