[Music]. today i am going to recap the story of the great battle, 2018 film. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. the story of this movie starts in the war where the gorilla soldiers are running their horses towards a direction on the other side. taijing's soldiers are fully armed and shoot their arrows. as the opponents arrive, the attackers on the horses are toppled down, while others continue moving ahead. now, taijing's soldiers standing there have shields, and they begin to kill gogorio s soldiers. the purpose of tang army is to take over the fortress. one of the soldiers says loudly, w will be rooted out. we must retreat. after a while, a retreat flag is shown. now a new character comes on the scene named sa mull. taijing is shown standing at a place, and he asks a sitting girl there. his soldier replies on it, it is said about this girl as she can visualize lord's vision. this girl possesses the bow of the gogorio s king jumong. she has brought it as a symbol of victory from the war. emperor. taijing tries to shoot the arrow from it. but a soldier says, on it, no one can wield it. then, sa mull is assigned a duty as a head of cadet unit head by general yun. he says to him, you are loyal. then he assigns him a responsibility, saying, you will move to fortress in order to triumph it killing a person. yang, he is given a sword. sa mull says, i swear of my life that i will accomplish your mission. essay, mall with his soldiers reach a field. in the next scene, he also helps to free the trapped cart. s.a mull asks those people, are you ansi i want to meet commander. that man replies, on it, i am commander named yang. commander yang's companion says, i have heard that taijing has sent spies who can speak our language. they are surely those people. essay, moles soldiers take out their swords, but are killed. then they move towards s.a mull holding a sword, but yang forbids him, saying to capture him. he also says, we will investigate now. yang brings s.a mullet a place for interrogation. he tells him, i am called a traitor by the soldiers of jun you have come to the fortress of traitor. essay mull tells, i am being pursued by the enemies. ansi is my homeland, either i like it or not. meanwhile, a man welcomes s.a mull, coming there because s.a mull is the last survived member of clan. then sa mull is standing alone holding a sword, which is for the murder of yang. then sa mull observes yang with a baby of a poor family in their house. that family gratifies him for his visit in the shabby home. yang says, this baby has born in antsy, so my visit is compulsory. s.a mull is shocked seeing the sympathetic behavior and help of yang with his nation, because yang takes pain for his nation. then yang is shown pulling the rope with his few soldiers for helping purpose. then yang and his soldiers move in a direction as the siren echoes. then they observe a few soldiers on the opponent's side. commander yang says, they have come here for fortress scouting. it is recon unit. taijing is not far. if he is here, he soon reaches here to seize this area. he says to everyone, get ready. tang emperor will arrive soon. commander yang says to s.a mull to show his dagger inside the room. essay, maul shows it, and then yang asks him to trim his beard with it. and the trimming of beard is essential for every soldier before breaking out a war. essay, mull's dagger is on yang's dagger. while trimming it was easy for him if he wanted, but he does not act as such. then everyone leaves as the siren echoes again. now everyone is ready for battle, including female soldiers. one of them is becca. commander yang precedes taking his soldiers. he observes the opposite side where an army is there, holding the red flags. commander yang says to his soldiers, if you know the tai jing army is preceding you, then ask from me, what should you do? i will ask you to fight. i never learned to retreat. i never learned to be defeated. i have learnt you will have to fight as the need arises. if someone tries to destroy your cherished thing, you must take risks. it is a great moment where you should not take your steps back. look at the ansi people. they are those people who have been cherished by us. we will protect them. then all soldiers speak a catchword, battle and a god, ready for war. on the opponent side, a standing soldier says, he is commander yang, who is our target. and all his struggles are in vain. the other soldier clears, taijung is such a type of a person, as he triumphed the fortress what he wanted. tazong orders his soldiers, you have to occupy the property of ansi enslaving their kids. war is broken out, and they are attacked, throwing the big stones, which cause a great destruction. commander yang rescues the life of samoa from a big attack. tai jing is observing everything, sitting there. he is also observing that antsy wall is too strong to fall. so he commands all the soldiers to climb up the wall. and they are commanded forward. command on the other side, yang orders his soldiers to fight the opponent. army continues to move forward for climbing up the wall, adjusting the ladder with it. they are in a large numbering. but commander yang is also struggling his best for his defense. the opponents are attacked, throwing the stones so they may not climb up the wall. yang commands as deploy wolf teeth striker. they are stopped in such a way. but the opponents continue to climb up the wall, adjusting the ladder. taijung uses words attack and breakdown, directing towards gates so the soldiers may move towards there. and many soldiers step in the fortress from the opposite side. and the fight continues. commander yang orders becca and captain to attack. because the time of fight starts. becca kills everyone with the help of her soldiers, while the taijing's soldier's adjusted ladder with the wall is removed from there. but taijing's soldiers continue to break the gate. at last, the gate is opened, and they flood inside. but yang has already set a planned railing for their stoppage. sa mull is observing everything, accompanying yang. now yang commands close, order formation. it is a destructive battle. commander yang makes them to leave the fortress. and taijing orders retreat. commander yang's soldiers say loudly the word victory and win the war. all soldiers move ahead with sa mull as the siren echoes again, yang continues his war actively and bravely. when the war breaks out at night time, again, the fire spreads everywhere. suddenly, commander yang falls down, receiving the wound of sword. then sa maul puts taijing's soldiers into death. coming at the backside, when he moves to kill yang, yang is shocked, seeing him that a person who had come to kill him became his savior. commander yang is wounded, and coming into senses, he knows that all opponents have retreated towards taijung. there is again a gathering of people on the other side. taijing is saying that, i have triumphed the vast land of thousands of kilometer in every direction. why am i not able to destroy a small fortress? and he loses his temper. he departs. that lady, having king vow to command a yang, that lady places the king jumong's bow before commander yang. she tells, i have been sent by ty jung. he is also leaving a last option before his final attack, and building a dirt mound, which will be higher than ansi, he will attack you, and you will never be escaped from his attack, according to him, otherwise. she also reveals taijing's army will attack horribly, shooting their arrows continuously. he will offer you everything if you bend yourself before him. everything will be eradicated with the complete building of the dirt mound. but yang says, i want to defend ansi. tazong is told that there is fast progress in the building of this mound. we will accomplish this project within two months, before the start of winter season. they are building a big mountain of dirt mound in the eyes of beholders. on the other side, commander yang thinks for himself as their traitor, as essay mull tells him. sa mull takes the permission from him to go to general jun, i have good feelings for you. but yoon cannot alter his mind in the same way. he asks to order him. contrarily, yang's captain asks to attack tai jing while his project is under construction. at last, he gets permission from yang. but becca soldier alerts saying that it is like to commit suicide if someone goes to taijung place. it will all be in vain. if captain returns back after getting defeat. yang says, we have no other way. taijing's soldiers are busy in the preparation of war. captain attacks them in darkness, going there. but it is a trap, and captain is sent back after wounding him badly. finally, captain is passed away. becca weeps a lot coming to the dead body of captain. but it is revealed later that a lady who had the bow of king jumong had sent a message through an arrow for entrapping captain. that girl is murdered by the soldiers. then becca moves to taijing in order to take revenge of captain. she is also killed while fighting with taijung, and her dead body is sent back. in the next scene, s a mull goes to meet general yun and tells the commander yang is fighting for his life and his ansi. he also tells ansi will be at risk with the construction of dirt mound. yang is not a traitor, but is with the companionship of gogorio. general yoon says, hearing it, had i sent you to disobey me? i had not sent you to ansi to hear such words. afterward, he places his sword on his neck s a mall tells that yang is the citizen of this country. he is considered a traitor, but the people of ansi still want to fight for him. he asks general yun to help ansi while requesting meanwhile, commander yang is planning with his soldiers. as yang soldiers say, the soil has many pebbles. they cannot be mixed in another place. the mound may be toppled if we mix them in it. it is also not easy to build a cave. if we do it, yang says, i trust all of you as it will happen on the other side. tai jung is busy in the preparation of war, while the soldiers continue to work. and they finally construct a splendid wall, calling it a splendid view. taijing offers his workers feast for their excellent work. and he says, we will topple down antsy tomorrow in the same way. commander yang is also busy in his battle preparation. his soldier tells that it has been planned to topple there is heavy rain and bright lighting strikes. yang's soldiers say, this cave will be filled with water before we knock down it next morning, the number of the soldiers of taijing are in standing position. sequently, while yang's soldiers are in the cave, filled with water, they ask, what should we do? one of them says, we can chop it with our axes. their build place is filled with water. they begin to hit pillars with their axes. going there, the war is broken out. while the yang's soldiers are continually hitting the pillars in the cave, yang's soldiers start ending the route of that place of attack. when taijing's soldiers come there skillfully. as a result, that place begins to quake, and that built dirt mound starts falling down. yang's soldiers sacrifice their life in that cave for the sake of antsy people. and tai jing's army begins to fall down from the mound and die. and the planning of yang gets success. it is a great destruction of taijing's army. now, yang commands to move ahead. ansi soldiers do the same. yang himself move forward, taking a sword and attack them. all raise their voices in the excitement. and fight continues. taijing says, i need the head of yang placed on a plate. i will not stop until we become the owner of ansi and continue the non-stop attack. the attacks are held on the both side, continuously shooting their arrows. even the night falls. while fighting, yang encourages his soldiers, saying, as they should not lose the hope. fight continues. even in the next morning. yang's hands are also wounded because of the continuous fighting. commander yang asks his soldiers to bring the bow of king jumong, but the soldier says, no one can wield it. yang says, holy king jumong had used then he asks help from his lord. while trying to shoot the arrow, he says, we will end this war. and he shoots the arrow, bringing the sacrifices of many people. there is a complete silence. then shot arrow from the king jumong's bow stabs into the eye of taijing, who loses the sight of one eye. then yang's entire army moves towards them with a great courage. tai jing accepts his defeat. he says, i have lost sa mull also reaches there with his gagario army, all the victors. now, king taijing is succumbed in the war. he tells others, don't attack gogorio. then yang and samuel are talking about ansi fortress in the last scene. and s.a mull leaves riding on a horse. thanks for watching. 