i heard a rumor that this was better than the first season, and that year you hit the thumbs up. but no, no, no, that's a dis that's a dislike okay, so the umbrella academy is back in full force. and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down everything that happens in the series, explaining the ending and giving our season three predictions. obviously, there's gonna be heavy spoilers here, so if you don't want anything ruined, then i recommend that you turn off. now. if you're new to the channel, then please hit that subscribe button and make sure you drop a thumbs up, as we do breakdowns like this every day. anyway, with all out the way, welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host. definition now let's get into the umbrella academy season two. okay, so the series picks up almost immediately after the events of the first entry, and it centers around the family attempting to avert the apocalypse. the second season is loosely based on the second graphic novel titled dallas, and it follows the group as they travel through time to once more stop armageddon. whilst the umbrella siblings all traveled at the exact moment on april 1st, 2019. they were all dropped off at different points in time, which leads to klaus and ben ending up in 1960. alison goes to 1961, luther 62, diego september 63. vanya in october of the same year, and number five a mere month behind her. now what's alarming is that the timeline has drastically changed because of their intervention. and thus america is at war with russia, which inevitably leads to them firing nukes at one another. now from the off, the series really grabs your attention. and seeing the team murder the ruskies, to my way, it instantly reminds you of why you fell in love with the show in the first place. it's down to number five to stop doomsday before it happens. and this is where the main thrust of the plot comes from. with elliot, a ufo obsessive that's been studying the time jumps, he tracks down diego, who's in a mental institution due to trying to prevent the assassination of jfk. now the show ties in heavily with the real life conspiracies that surround this event. during the infamous moment in which the president was killed, there was actually a woman who later became known as the babushka lady, that filmed the entire event. she was asked to come forward, but never did, and the footage was never found. it could have really shed some light on one of the biggest mysteries of the past 100 years, and her not coming forward just led to even more mysteries. we do actually see her footage appear in the season and learn that it was stolen, which ties in nicely with how the true history is built upon. there's also the mysterious umbrella man that was at the scene. and though in real life we never learned who this actually was, the show reveals that this is, in fact, hargreaves, the founder of the umbrella academy. he's involved with the majestic 12, who, if you follow conspiracy theories, i'm sure you'll be well aware of they're basically the illuminati of the ufo community. and people believe that they're a secret committee of scientists, military leaders and government officials that have had their hand in manipulating world events. they're one of the major groups in the entry that make you question hog grieves allegiances, but we'll get into that further in the video. now, throughout the first half of the season, five, tries to track down the family and reunite them in stopping the apocalypse before it happens. vania is living with a family of three, made up of carl and their son, harlan. she suffers from amnesia, unable to remember any of the events which led to her destroying the planet. vania takes care of harlan, who possesses autism, and she actually saves his life at one point in the series, using her powers to resurrect him, which passes on her abilities to the boy. luther makes money as an enforcer for jack ruby. and in real life, this was actually the person that murdered lee. harvey oswald, the man apparently responsible for killing kennedy. we actually see him pick up a gun in the final few minutes of the season, likely going to either hunt down harvey oswald or luther himself, who's suspected of the crime. klaus becomes a cult leader. and allison lives as a housewife, helping to advance civil rights with her husband, ray. ben. ben also gets some fun too, for once. now on the other side of the coin is the handler, who survived being shot by hazel in the last season. alongside her is, of course, the temps commission and their swedish triplet soldiers, which spend the majority of the season hunting down the group in order to remove them from the time stream. in addition to this, she uses her surrogate daughter, lila, to pose as an asylum inmate in order to get close to diego. the two escape the compound together, and we learn about her being the handler's mole. her name was ly lila, to be fair. so, yeah, kind of gave it away, no, but terrible pun. now, much like hargreaves in the academy, the handler scooped up the child and raised her as her own, training her to be a weapon and pretty much forcing her into a life of duty and servitude in order to further the organization's goals. we learned that the handler and five actually kill lyla's parents because the former wanted to use her as a weapon. lila is one of the 43 children with special gifts that was born on the 1st of october 1989. and her abilities are to mimic the other's powers. this is how throughout the season, she's able to fight like diego, whilst also being able to keep one step ahead of five and his teleportation abilities. at the top of the group is their goldfish leader, carmichael. and fans of the comic will know the character well, and he was pretty much five's boss during his time with the temps. carmichael possesses a genius level intellect, and because of this, he developed a way to be able to talk. in the comics, he's described as having the strategic instincts of nathan bedford forest. and this makes him a master at keeping the timeline intact. now throughout the series, there's some really great moments. and from the off, i think this is definitely better than the first entry in every way. vania accidentally probably starts the crop circle phenomena and begins her relationship with aka, the mother of the family that she's with. klaus visits dave before the two ever met in the vietnam war. and this kind of plays out to varying degrees of success. lila 5 and diego infiltrate the mexican consulate in order to get hog reefs. and the entry is very, very packed. it's at this point that we come across grace, and i love seeing both her and pogo pop up in the season, even though we know what happens to the both of them later in their lives. after the midpoint, the family meet with their father, and it's one of the best scenes in the entire series. they all go through their powers with him, and he completely shouts down diego. you really get the idea of the psychological power that he has over them. and hal greaves is fascinating to watch. i actually think this scene plays massively into the ending. and considering we never actually get that many interactions between them as a family, i really appreciated how this played out. now we learned that hargreaves is involved in the kennedy assassination plot. and though he doesn't wish for the president to be killed, it's clear that he's someone who will benefit from his death. if you've read the comics, then you'll know that hargreaves is actually an alien masquerading in human form. and this is revealed at the end of the season, and i just think it's a brilliant moment. it turns out the reason that the character actually got involved with a majestic 12 is because he's interested in gaining access to the dark side of the moon. so yeah, that explains why he's an olympic gold medalist, inventor athlete, youtubing podcaster that's able to develop simians to the level pogo is at. the reveal was actually teased all the way back in season one, when we saw the character comforting his dying lover before exiting the property to watch rockets blasting off into the sky. we learned very little about his origins in the show, and unfortunately, about the same amount in the comics. all that we discover about where he comes from is the following passage, for reasons are known. so reginald set out with his bodyguard, abjarat, aboard his private vessel the minerva, rumored to be powered by the remains of king armand courage iv. so, yeah, very little we know, but hopefully we learn more in the third season. now, with the death of kennedy, the advancements to space travel will be pushed further, and thus america will beat russia to the moon. and he'll be able to get there quicker by aligning himself with the american forces. this moon mission, of course, was centered out in the first season, with luther being stationed out there at his father's behest. the handler also drops information to the triplets, i mean twins, on diego's location, and they go after the group, promising to spare number five. they kill elliott, and five meets with the handler at a hideout, and she promises to cancel the apocalypse in the future, as long as he kills the board so that she can take over. five travels to 1982 and takes them out by turning into an axe wielding murderer that carves up most of them and smashes carmichael's fish tank in. it's just not cricket, but it carries out the job, and then returns to the 60s. they're then given a window to travel back to the future, but they miss this due to the issues thrown at them. this forces five to interact with his past self in order to be better prepared for what's coming down the line. now, what holds the group up is an awesome scene, and we get to see allison bust out a rumor powers whilst backstreet back thumps away in the background. diego is kidnapped by lyla, and vanya faces off against the forces sent in by call the husband of and their son, harlan. this leads to the fbi interrogating her under the belief that she's a russian spy. and during this, she begins to recall the events that led to the apocalypse in the first place. we learn in the timeline that this made her alicia powers. and this coincidentally happened just as jfk's motorcade was passing the fbi headquarters in dallas. jfk survived the event, and before becoming lined up in the crosshairs of lee harvey oswald's rifle, the convoy sped away because vania blew up the fbi building. it was thought that the attack was actually supposed to be that on the president, in order to send a message to him. as vanya was believed to be a russian informant, it was assumed that the soviets were behind it, and this is the reason that the war starts between the two countries. and thus the apocalypse begins. her powers fully manifest, and they connect to holland, which freaks out his father, and he tries to take him to an asylum, holds him at gunpoint, and harlan holds him at gunpoint. and harlan gets caught in the crossfire of carl trying to wrestle the weapon away from her, because he now possesses vonia's powers. the bullet backfires and kills his dad, something that vanier likely wanted to do to her own father. he watches the family try and prevent her from bringing forth the end of the world once more. and ben possesses her in her mind. he discovers the white violin, which, in the comic books is the villainous name that the character goes under. ben actually confronts her and makes you realize that it's not her fault what's happened to the world, and that it was due to the actions of a family. he says that they treated her badly, but they still love her and that they're on the outside fighting for her, which is something worth remembering. judah, ben actually completing what he's been hanging around for, which is making sure that the family are okay, he leaves the land of the living and can finally be at peace. which i'm not crying, you're crying. this stops the dark path that vania was supposed to go on. but diego actually causes more issues. which we'll get into in just a bit. meanwhile, we watch as older 5 descends into paradox psychosis, whilst younger five, who looks older, yes, it gets confusing, strikes a deal up with luther to off the older five and then travel to 2019 to stop bonya ending the world. there at the temps commission, the truth about five killing lila's parents is revealed, and the handler manipulates the situation dependent on diego ii, due to her being worried that her daughter will end up becoming closer to him. angered at call michael's attempt to reveal the truth, she swallows him, and luther and older five send his younger version through the portal to 2019. now this closes the paradox loophole, and it allows for most of the first season to happen. however, it also confirms that there's an alternate timeline, as the five that went back was likely still in his older body due to knowing the correct calculations to travel. there's a lot of alternate possibilities and timelines going on in the show, and this is an important thing to bear in mind as we get into the ending. unfortunately, the time briefcase that the younger five was carrying is destroyed. and thus the group cannot travel back to the present aware of what they're up to. in regards to attempting to stop the kennedy assassination. hog greaves instead, sends a plant, which diego tracks down, and the president is killed, as he was supposed to be. hargreaves, however, did not want this to happen, and he goes to the majestic 12, killing them after they threaten to reveal who he really is. in the final episode, we learn that since the kennedy assassination, they've become the most wanted people in the world. it's at this time that vania becomes aware of holland freaking out on sissy's snow-covered form. and the family travel together there, tailed by the last of the triplets. the handler materializes with the entire temp commission to take down the academy for what five did to the board. the show devolves into all our action, with bullets flying towards the group. however, vanya wipes out all of them, except for the handler and lila. lila's abilities are revealed, and her and five end up going head to head. she tells five that he murdered her parents, but he retorts the hannah was actually behind it, and that she came on the job with him in order to get lyla. the family embrace her as one of their own. but the hannah arrives and shoots them all with an uzi before being killed by the last surviving member of the triplets, who discover that she set him and his brothers up. as he stands over five, about to kill him, the character uses the last of his strength to reverse time to the moment before the handler arrived, and he stops her from taking them out. she's still killed by the swede, though, who decides to leave the group alive. bonya rushes to harlan and absorbs his power, and thus saves the day. herbin his assistant from the temps commission arrive and reveal that he's been elected as the new head of the board. bonnie goes to to try and take her and hull into the future, but realizes that they'll always live in danger if they go. it's heartbreaking to watch, but also bittersweet at the same time, as can now be herself because of what vania has brought out of her. and they agree to go their separate ways, with her traveling to mexico, whilst holland shows that he still possesses powers. rey finds a letter from alison detailing how things will get worse before they get better. dave enlists in the army. and the final swede takes up klaus's place as the leader of his cult. jack ruby watches the death of the president and picks up his gun. and he may end up hunting for luther, or at least getting his offspring too. or he could be going after harvey oswald. but yeah, let me know which one of those that you think. the group take the briefcase and travel to 2019, one day after the apocalypse originally happened, to see their father is still in the land of the living. hargreaves states that this is now the sparrow academy, and we see there are more superpowered children, including ben, who's still alive. the sparrow academy is actually the name of the fourth umbrella academy book, which centers around the other 36 children born on the same day as the super powered beings. i think that the next season will sort of combine volume 3 and 4. but you're probably wondering exactly what has happened. well, from the version of five and meeting his older self, which never actually happened, and then traveling back in time whilst being in his older body. we know that there can exist alternate realities and timelines. this is also shown in the opening of the season, in which we see a version of the timeline where the apocalypse still happens. now, if i know how greaves, let's be honest, i don't. but from what i do know, he's very, very stubborn. i think that the meeting that he had with the group wouldn't have happened originally. however, the fact that it did massively altered things. the man in the babushka ladies footage was clearly the character, but he sent a body double instead after learning of the academy's mission, showing that he used the knowledge they gave him to change future events. thus, i think meeting the group like this, and seeing that they were all over the place would have put him off trying to adopt them, and therefore he would have picked others from the 43 children that we know were born with special abilities. his stubbornness to accept them in any form is also shown in the change of the academy's name, as he likely wants to distance himself from what come before. it's also possible that because harlan was gifted with special abilities all the way back in the 60s, that the timeline itself has changed, and he may have went off the deep end, which forced the academy to be formed sooner. who knows, he may even be a member, as we do see a character levitating something, just like how he did with the bird. this bird looks a lot like a sparrow, and i don't think it's a coincidence that it's dropped here and the academy is called the sparrow academy. he would have likely have been the world's first superhero. and due to his age, it is possible that har greaves called it the sparrow academy in tribute to him, though there are possibilities that there could be. i also, the more i think about it, the more i realize he is far too old to be hanging around with these kids. i also think that due to grace in the past, discovering what hargreaves was up to, and then likely seeing jfk murdered not long after that, she stepped away from the character, probably taking pogo with her. pogo would be alive in this timeline if he still was at the academy, due to vania not being there. now the biggest twist in all of this is that ben is alive, and by the looks of it, he's the leader. this is cemented by his picture, which hangs in hargreaves's place. and yeah, it's such a good twist. ben was one of the most powerful members of the family, and with vania not in his timeline, it looks like that he may have actually taken up that position, thus his death. the events that led to it, and more did not happen, likely because they were probably caused by the academy. ben, in the comics, was known as the horror and it looks like the character has turned to the dark side. and i think for the third season, the hog greaves will have to face off against this group in a sort of superhero showdown. the third volume hotel oblivion actually centers around developing the greater universe as there becomes an increasing amount of superpowered lunatics running about the planet. i think this will be brought across to the third season. and rather than ending the apocalypse, it will center on ending superpowered beings altogether. i actually have a feeling that holland may be a super villain that vania may have to reconnect with in order to stop him. and they'll also have to bring ben back to the light after revealing what he was like in that dimension. in the third volume, the group fracture off and do their own things. and who knows, maybe season 3 will pick up far in the future with them having to deal with living in a timeline that isn't their own. the first season dealt with them living apart from one another. the second season dealt with them living in the 60s and carving out a life there. and it's likely that the third season will follow this sort of aesthetic. we're in for a big treat, though, and hopefully it isn't too long before we see them back on our screens. anyway, that's our thoughts on the show, and obviously i'd love to hear yours on the entire season. comment below and let me know. and if you want to check out our review of the show as a whole, then make sure you watch it after this. don't forget that every month on the 15th, we give away free blu-rays. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning the mcu infinity saga box said is leave a like and subscribe with notifications on thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. definition i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 