welcome slash forward. in this episode, we're going to witness what happens when nature reclaims her dominion over the primate branch of the animal kingdom with the exploitation film wild beasts. to support your local water treatment facility, subscribe to the channel. let's get to it. we open on a city in well, you can read, i assume, a bustling metropolis filled with garbage and needles, steel concrete and frothy water features. we then zoom in on the zoo at closing time, when the animals come alive. it's feeding time for the big cats, who enjoy their horse heads and tainted water. laura and rip zoo doctors arrive to take their evening photos. the animals are on edge tonight, so they have to sedate gladys, worried that she may commit infanticide due to her [ __ ] cub aggressively biting mommy's nipples. later on the streets, a timid service dog scurries gingerly across the greats. we see why when a horde of rats pour out of the underground. when some nearby teens open their door to let the stank out, we see the rats are attracted to their coital musk. they crash upon them in waves, inviting themselves freely into every part of their bodies, taking their sustenance from the hormone engorged soft tissues they're in. meanwhile, rip and laura have a talk about motherhood in the animal kingdom and the constant tension between parent and child. then rip drops laura off at a conference for intellectuals, something he's too much of a mustache to be interested in. back in the futuristic control center of the zoo, the lights indicate something may be wrong. in the big cat paddock. warner goes out and asks them what's wrong, but can't get a direct answer for some reason. then the ground starts shaking and an elephant bursts through a brick wall. the subsequent damage shuts down the system, which opens all the gates as a safety measure. rip gets on the horn and hears about not the zoo, as one may expect, but the rats. you see, their unusual behavior requires a pro so rips your man, he heads that way as they try to regain control and address the bloody aftermath. similar attempts at controller unfolding at the zoo, where the men learned that, despite giving all the cats cute names, they were never really their friends. and they learned this the hard way, as they are slowly dismantled. rip has advised the fire department to do what they do best, start fires. but once a few live rats is samples, and then, right in front of the wrecking crew, they have the audacity to attack one of their murderers, filthy rats. rip gets to the zoo and finds it all disorganized, but also quiet and isolated, which would be perfect for getting his work done, if only his dead co-workers weren't strewn about. so he goes ahead and calls it in in, just in time, as the escapees are wreaking havoc all over town. he then orders some tests and brings in all the scientists at his disposal. he also fills in laura, who plans to use the subway to get her daughter, susie, from dance class. meanwhile, general warnings go out to the populace, but too late, as the elephants are already choking and crushing their way up town. rip and the police inspector nat find themselves tracking a young lady in a bug being chased by a cheetah. they don't get to her before she wrecks the car, but rip does pull her out, then drop kicks the car door before they drag her off. back at the station, we see it's really pandemonium as they scramble to get a clear location of events as the beasts move quickly from street to street. and we learned that not even mass transit infrastructure is safe, as the elephants stormed the airport, diverting a landing plane and causing it to take out the electrical grid. this brings the subway to a dark stop in the middle of the tube. we also see that susie's dance class delights in the sudden darkness, going crazy for water as kids do. while soos herself sticks to coca-cola because she knows who she is. while on the subway, a tiger arrives and headbutts its way in. it treats the car like a giant can of tuna, eating its fill of human flesh. laura escapes with the others, but is slowed by a child who is separated from her mom in the shuffle. right as she prepares to die, rip and nat show up to address the report of a loose tiger, and they get gladys back under control. so now everything's all right, except back at class, there's a hungry polar bear stalking around outside. they hunker down and keep quiet, but they can't mask their scent, so it comes through the mirror, even though there should have been a wall behind it. but the teacher, in an ironic twist, loses her legs to the beast, now stained pink with blood. ironic, of course, because she used dance productions to fund a non-profit dedicated to convincing people that polar bears don't pose a threat to humans and are worth protecting as a species. we then see that tommy broke into the kitchen to grab some knives, so they arm themselves and run from the bear. at the lab, rib expounds on the unpredictability and diversity of behavior extant in the animal kingdom. when the results come back showing the water is tainted with high dosages of pcp. ah, yes, he was just about to suggest that. outside, some animals are coming back down from their trip, and they're ordered to be given no water until the situation is resolved. they then drive to deliver the samples to the appropriate government agency, stopping to pick up susie along the way. as the lights come back on, they allow themselves a moment to breathe a sigh of relief, taking in the delicious night air, trusting that he fully understands the metabolic rates of polar bears when it comes to pcp, rip plays with the one outside the studio. as laura goes in to get susie, she finds the water guzzling freaks behaving as animals, except for susie. and they back away slowly. as tommy begs them to play that one game where he kills them and they die, laura instead, locks the kids in to give them some time to cool down as the broader authorities are notified of the events that transpired. here, if you didn't know, i've set up a website where you can support the channel through donations. any donation earns you a link to an uncensored review of toby hooper's life force. i've also got some horror movie themed apparel you may like. a huge thank you to patrick for your generous donation. wild things was an absolutely bonkers movie. while i've seen a ton of reviews that suspect cruelty to animals. i can't find anything that actually confirms this, so i'm hoping it was all just good fun. if anything, i think the major hindrance in doing something like this now would involve how up close and personal their actors got with the animals. it's just not the sort of thing you're ever gonna see nowadays. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 