edward warren and lorraine warren are shown as the movie starts, who share their supernatural and paranormal experience in a conference. in the next scene, we see carolyn perron and roger perron, who were shifting in a new house with their kids. their all kids enter the house, but their frightened dog is unwilling to go into the house. they have five daughters named andrea, nancy, christine, cindy and april. april finds a music box under a big tree, having a mirror. while they were playing hide and clap, a piece of wood was broken by the girls. that piece of wood was fixed to conceal a door behind it. when their father went he finds a storeroom that is full of darkness, which consists of piano with other antique things. suddenly, their disturbed dog continuously bark as he have seen something. next morning, when carolyn wakes up, she finds many spots of wounds on her foot. they're all clocks in the house are still at 307, and their dog was found dead outside by april. in the next scene, we see edward with a press reporter in his basement museum, where he and her wife kept all the cursed items. edwardian formats reporter that every present things in this room has cursed or have been used in witchcraft. these ghosts come here for worship once a month. edward then tells about annabelle doll, which has a devilish power, which uses it as a source. thereafter, we heads towards pearson home, where again the clock stopped working. as it strikes 307. while everyone was sleeping, someone tried to pull christine's foot on her bed, and she also feels a foul smell cindy's sleepwalker. so she reaches an andreas room and mysteriously hits her head on the wardrobe. next day, carolyn finds another wound on her back. when roger goes outside, he observes a dead pigeon which falls from the tree. he is quite astonished after seeing it. april and carolyn were alone at home, but carolyn finds april talking with someone, but she finds no one. april then asks her mom to play hide and clap. when carolyn moves to andrea's room in search of her, the wardrobe as opens up automatically, and someone claps, bringing his hands outside the wardrobe. carolyn is surprised as april calls from her back, but for the most part, she ignores. afterward, someone pulls the foot of christine, but this time it was more aggressive to awake her up. and panic, she observed someone standing behind the door who threatens to kill her and all family. nancy was also with her, but she sees nothing, but the foul smell can be felt. then christine tells everything to roger and all family members. carolyn has now many spots of wounds on her body. she then hears the sounds of kids playing. she thinks that it might be the girls and goes to check it, but finds everyone sleeping. suddenly, a strange happening occurs, as all photo frames starts to fall by own. then she hears sound of a girl. she try to follow the sound. when she reaches near the basement, the basement door opens up. then she hears something and tries to escape, but its doors gets close itself hard on her, due to which carolyn dropped from the stairs. and a ball is thrown to her by someone. she again tries to escape, but darkness prevails there. then carolyn blazes the matchstick to make things visible. a pair of hands arise from her and claps, frightening her. and like this, she was entrapped there. cindy was again hitting her head with a wardrobe. in andrea's room, seeing it, andrea takes cindy to her bed for sleep. suddenly, the door of that wardrobe opens up automatically. andrea opens the wardrobe for checking, but finds nothing. then she like apparition of a female ghost upside the wardrobe, which attacks her. roger reaches home and hears the crying sound of someone in surroundings. first of all, he opens the door of basement, extracting carolyn coming outside the basement. both go upstairs and gather their kids at a place. now they all are quite afraid. in the next scene, a university is shown in which edward is delivering a lecture on supernaturalism, and carolyn is also there as a listener. after the lecture, carolyn moves to edward and lorraine, inviting them to her house. after hearing all the things, edward and lorraine go to her house. carolyn and roger reveals the whole story, that the circumstance are worsening day by day. they tell them that the house stinks, a very bad smell. the door always knocked thrice every night. whichever bird comes in house is always found dead in their garden. and all clocks of the house are stopped at 307. edward responds them that these occurrences are the indication of devil's presence. thereafter, they move to the basement, and going their lorraine realizes that something is wrong here, asking all incidents from carolyn, edward records it. on the other side, lorraine investigates about the friend of april. on it, april hands her over the music box. while playing the music box, lorraine notices the spirit of a small kid, rory, in the mirror, about whom she had asked from april. then they go to that tree where they discovered this music box. lorraine then lays eyes on that ghost apparition which was teasing this family. then lorraine reveals that this house is dwelling of a huge devil, and this is a very powerful spirit. she tells that she had seen the dark figure behind carolyn roger and all the kids. the dark figure of ghost is always behind them, and this has stuck with them in such a way. if they leave this house, then also this will not stop pursuing them. edward then informs them. exorcism need to be performed here. and for it, they need an authorization from church. firstly, they have to give evidence to the church, and then it will be allowed. lorraine tells there are numerous ghosts in this house, but only one of them is evil-hearted. edward plays the recorded clip at night, but he hears only his voice. there is no recording of roger and carolyn. and lorraine tells the history of this place to edward. as a man had built a farmhouse here, and he married a woman named bathsheda, who used to believe and do black magic. she had burned her seven days child in the name of sacrificed and when her husband became witnessed of her doing, she committed suicide, hanging herself in the tree. after this incident, many deaths occurred there, as a child named rory who was lost, drowning in his grief. her mother committed suicide in that house's storeroom. a neighbor also committed suicide, and a child was dead drowning in a pool there. during their conversation, recorder played itself. now edward voice is heard with ghost's horrible sound. this was the exact time when the clock strikes 307. next morning, edward and lorraine goes to roger's house to gather all the evidences so that they may show it to the church. a police officer named brad and a boy named drew also helped them, setting the voice recorder and cameras in house surroundings. lorraine notices the carolyn family photo, and, using her power, understands this was a special moment of making. edward sprinkles the holy water in all rooms to irritate the devilish powers as they come contact with it. and the action can be recorded. suddenly, the basement door was opened, and edward and lorraine moves there, but they were unable to find anything. and try to come outside. and at that time, the door automatically shut down. that night, they didn't get any evidence. next morning, all were having their breakfast happily. edward says to carolyn to have some rest. i will manage everything with lorraine. when lorraine was taking the dry clothes from outside, she notices the ghost of bathsheba standing behind the cloth. suddenly, that cloth flies and gets stuck with the bedroom window of caroline. as the cloth is uncovered, lorraine sees the ghost of bathsheba. before lorraine can arrive there, bathsheba possessed her at first. police officer brad hears a girl's voice, and immediately he sees the maid ghost. and it very much frightens the police officer. nancy then goes to andrea's room in sleepwalking, and that room door gets locked. nancy sleepwalking. photos are captured by cameras, and it was obvious that there was someone except nancy. all run towards that room, but they were unable to find her. edward was searching with the help of a ultraviolet light, and finds her in an empty place between two walls. april informs lorraine that whenever rory is afraid, he hides himself there. lorraine immediately reaches at that place. she observes the kid's toys music box place and a rope that bathsheba had used in her suicide. suddenly, a wood breaks down, which causes to lorraine fall down to the storeroom. looking into the mirror of the music box, she notices bitterly weeping spirit of rory's mother. rory's mother ghost disappeared, saying, it asked me to do that. and bathsheba's ghost arrives there, which terrifies lorraine. as she tries to run, it reverses her, pulling her necklace. that necklace get broke and dropped down there, which was given by her daughter named judy. running outside, lorraine tells that this evil spirits compels only mothers to take the life of their child. she tells that now it is bewitching caroline, and ghost is the cause of wound spots on her body. then suddenly, the crucifixes starts to fall on floor, and someone mysteriously pulls the hair of nancy, dragging her to and but they were able to save nancy successfully. the pearsons decide to leave this house. and edward informs roger that they will represent everything before church for exorcism of the house. meanwhile, lorraine hears her daughter, judy's voice and sees her dead body in the pool. she gets frightened seeing this. she gets upset for her daughter and tells to edward about it. next day, edward and lorraine tell the whole happened incidence of house to father, showing all proofs. they have also the photo of sleepwalking nancy, along with her the spirit of standing rory was also can be seen. father informs that they will have to take permission of exorcism from higher authority because they are non-catholics. now we see the edward and lorraine's daughter, judy. the ghost of bathsheba reaches to her through her locket. it pulls the foot of judy, awakening her. she gets afraid and comes outside in search of her father and mother. we also know here that annabelle dahl has disappeared from their basement. when returning, bathsheba was sitting there keeping the annabelle doll in her lap. bathsheba terrifies and tries to harm judy, but edward and lorraine arrive there at the exact time, saving the life of their daughter. on the other side, carolyn is taking christine and april along with her. knowing it, roger informs edward instantly. lorraine tells him that because these devilish powers try to make mothers kill their children through enchantment, all return back to that house. carolyn is nearly to kill christine. as they reach there, they spare the life of christine and seat her in the car. seeing this occurrence, in fear, april runs away from there. as they try to bring carolyn out the house. meanwhile, ghost intends to harm her, stopping lorraine gets the point. as carolyn goes outside, she will be dead by the ghost. then devil drags carolyn into the storeroom. they try to save carolyn going into the storeroom, but devil turns her condition worse with its power. so it was not the child's play to overcome it. on the other side, police officer is searching april in the house. carolyn was not in anyone's control, and she attacks everyone one by one. they tied carolyn with a chair, and conditions become more worse over time. observing her condition, edward decides to perform exorcism. as edward begins exorcism, this devil bathsheba has lost its control, and devilish powers gets more strengthened. but edward continues to perform exorcism. now the devil lifts the chair up in the air and tries to stop the exorcism. then it falls the chair to the ground and breaks it. as a result, carolyn gets untied, and she tries to attack edward. at the same time, the officer finds april. knowing this, carolyn proceeds to kill her. but before carolyn kills her, edward accomplishes his exorcism, reaching there, taking oath by edward bathsheba agrees to leave. but carolyn was still possessed by the devil. lorraine and roger help her by strengthen her with the support of her kids and family memories, so that she may fight with this ghost. eventually, the love of his family with her kids, won over the possession, and that devilish ghost unwillingly frees caroline and leaves. carolyn comes to her normal state, and all begin to live their lives happily. and april returns lorraine's locket, and edward places that music box in his basement museum. and with this, the movie ends. 