Story Recapped here. Today I'm going to explain a science fiction action film called Ghost in the Shell. Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care In the near future, there is only a thin line between human and machine. Technological advancements allow humans to enhance themselves with cybernetic parts. In what seems to be an emergency room, a medical team brings in an injured woman. Mira Killian, a woman in the accident, is reborn as a cyborg, but her brain is still intact. She gains consciousness after the sheet is uncovered. She has difficulty breathing after the procedure and is confused about where she is or what is happening. She meets her designer, Dr Ouelet, who monitors her condition. She reveals to Mira that she is the sole survivor of a refugee boat attacked by rebels who killed her parents. She also says that Mira's body was beyond repair, leaving her no choice but to replace it with a synthetic shell. Mira twitches as she feels restrained in the bed. Dr Ouelet speaks to Hanka Robotics CEO Cutter about the strengths and abilities that Mira's new body possesses. They call her "the first of her kind". Cutter wants to place Mira in Section 9, an anti-terrorism division, but Dr Ouelet feels she is not ready for such a thing. A year later, in a futuristic cyber world, Mira overlooks the great cityscape. She is now known as "The Major". She communicates with Section 9 Chief Daisuke Aramaki, from who she receives orders. She is listening to a meeting between Hanka representative Dr Osmond and an African Ambassador. Mira informs Aramaki that someone is scanning data traffic as shown in her device. She traces where the transmission is from, accessing various surveillances from properties around the area. They find out that danger is around the African Ambassador and Dr Osmond. During the business conference, a group of men opens fire. The group of geisha robots start to attack people in the conference room. This urges Mira to take action despite Aramaki not giving orders. She jumps from the building and goes invisible to save the essential officials in the conference. The men shoot recklessly at the people in the room as one of the geisha robots extracts information from Dr Osmond's neck before killing him. Out of nowhere, the armed men start falling to the ground after shots fire. They look around, but Mira is invisible.The geisha robot drags Dr Osmond around the room while the data is stored in her system. Mira emerges from a glass window and finishes off the remaining attackers. Her skills and movements are much more advanced compared to the ones in the room. She shoots the geisha robot; before finishing it off, it tells her, "Cooperate with Hanka Robotics and be destroyed." The phrase made an impact on Mira, and it confuses her. The other operative, Batou, arrives at the scene and notices Mira's injury on her wrist. She looks at it and sees a resemblance with the geisha robot. She walks away after Batou says that it is not the same. Mira becomes restless that night as it bothers her that she only remembers so little from her upbringing. She hallucinates and sees glitches out of nowhere, which she thinks are fragments of her past. She makes her way outside after injecting a medication provided by the company. She walks through crowded streets until she gets to the department of defence section 9 headquarters. Mira, Togusa, Batou, and Carlos discuss the attack in a room using a dimensional image of the group of men. While concluding the source, Aramaki arrives, and they all stand still. Togusa, another operative, reports that three more scientists from Hanka were slain on the night of the attack in the company's central laboratory. All of the victims have a sign of cerebral hacking. Just like Dr Osmund, they were senior figures. At the crime scenes, the same messages were left by someone who identifies himself as Kuze. The statements are the same as what Mira heard from the geisha robot. Aramaki orders Togusa and Ladriya to inform Cutter of the situation, while Mira and Batou find out what is recovered from the geisha. Aramaki privately talks to Mira about disobeying his orders when she was in the building. She defends herself by saying that more would have died without her. He responds by saying that she is his responsibility and that she is more than just a weapon built to hunt down rebels. Aramaki reminds Mira that she has a soul\xe2\x80\x94a ghost. Mira and Batou stroll through the streets; he buys a piece of meat and feeds it to stray dogs, which he is deeply fond of. Batou asks Mira about her parents in the car and tells him that her parents died as refugees for trying to get into the country. The boat sunk in the harbour before they arrived as rebels attacked it. She struggles with recalling her memories. She sees another glitch before they arrive at the headquarters. Mira meets with Dr Ouelet frequently to repair her body when it encounters damages. She consults her Dr that she sees flashes more than usual as of the moment. The doctor dismisses her hallucinations as glitches caused by her injuries. But Dr Ouelet shows empathy and care toward Mira. The same day, Mira and Batou meet with Dr Dahlin, dissecting the geisha robot's body. She informs the duo that the hardware of the robot is vandalized and ripped up. Mira says she needs to do a deep dive into the geisha robots AI to get more information about the whereabouts of the culprit. Meaning, she will go inside its brain. Dr Dahlin warns her about being trapped in malware. Batou backs her claim by saying that her mind might be exposed to whoever orchestrated the attack and be \xe2\x80\x9copen". This can mean that Kuze might be able to control her. She disregards their warnings and continues to deep-dive into the robot's memory. Batou helps her get ready as they start the procedure. Mira gives consent to the doctor in terms of downloading her data. In a dream-like setting, she falls, landing on the robot's memory. She finds herself walking through a club with distorted images of several people that are slowly fading. She follows a path and sees Kuze. She feels restrained, causing her to twitch on the surface. Multiple bodies drag her down, and Dr Dahlin struggles to retrieve her. She gains consciousness and says that she knows where to find Kuze. Mira and Batou go to a nightclub with Ladriya for backup. She observes the club upon entering and looks for any unusual happenings. Two men lead her into a private room. She and Batou can still communicate without talking, using an advanced system that uses telepathy; however, her signal suddenly gets blocked. The men in the room electrocute and force her to dance for them. She is all on her own, as Ladriya and Batou cannot communicate with her. The tension in the club rises as a man points a gun at Batou at the bar. Mira fights back and knocks down the men in the room. Batou fires multiple shots, but he manages to shoot the attackers. Mira heads to the backroom; it is dark and dingy. She kicks open a door and sees an image of the burning hut. Kuze emerges from the ashes and says the phrase "Cooperate with Hanka Robotics and be destroyed" again. Mira sees several bombs attached to the walls; it explodes, leaving her and Batou unconscious. While Dr Ouelet enhances her physical injuries, she shares that Kuze seemed like he was waiting for her arrival. She also admits that her glitches are getting worse by the day. The doctor grows worrisome about Mira's well-being. She has been inside the same Shell as Kuze, which might be the reason for her hallucinations. Batou receives cybernetic eyes to replace his damaged ones after the shootout. Mira visits him as he shows her his new set of eyes. He reminds her to feed the dogs because he fears that the strays would be terrified of his unique appearance. Mira happily does as he says. Meanwhile, Cutter meets with Aramaki with anger over Mira doing the deep-dive, saying that she is an excellent asset to his company. Aramaki warns Cutter who he is threatening since Aramaki answers to the Prime Minister and not Hanka. Mira heads to the city's red-light district and asks a woman if she is human. In a private room, she examines her by touching her face and asking what it feels like. She is very much interested in the concept of humanity and their feelings. Kuze makes his way to Dr Dahlin's lab; before killing her, he rips her eyes out. The following day, Mira and Batou receive an incoming call from the car. Someone informs them that Dr Dahlin dies because of another attack. They see her lifeless body with eyes plucked out. Mira pulls a drive out of Dahlin's hand, which contains names of other Hanka associates, including Dr Ouelet, who is most likely the next target of Kuze. That day, Kuze controls two sanitation workers to ram their truck into Dr Ouelet's. The collision is intense, causing her car, along with the driver and Ladriya, injuries. As their car is smashed in the street, one of the sanitation workers shoot the driver and points the gun at the doctor, still under Kuze's influence. Just in time, Mira and a squad of soldiers arrive to rescue the doctor. The shootout lasts for a while. They manage to bring down one of the sanitation workers. Mira and her partners arrive in time to shoot back at the men. She chases after one man, Lee, who can turn invisible. He runs away from Mira, ending up in a body of water. She fights him while invisible, which is a struggle for Lee. She recklessly hurts and throws him around. Mira desperately extracts information about Kuze until Batou shows up and stops her, saying that they need him alive. The section 9 team imprisons him in a glass cage as he is being interrogated. He informs Section 9 that he was on his way to pick up his daughter. Mira shows him a photo of what he sees as his daughter but is really a picture of himself. They ask him more questions, and his memory starts to feel clouded. They conclude that Kuze managed to plant fake memories in Lee's head. In a matter of seconds, Lee's body language begins to shifts. He displays a menacing smile; the team realizes that Kuze is in his head, again. Mira enters the enclosure to communicate with Kuze. He speaks through Lee to threaten Section 9 before making Lee jump to hang himself with the cable around his neck. Togusa manages to trace Kuze. Mira him connected to a network with other humanoid cyborg bodies. The team takes off and gets ready to uncover the mystery of Kuze's real personality. They get inside the premises successfully. Several citizens vacate the area that is filled with illegal activities. Another shootout happens, which sparks up instant chaos. Mira finds Kuze as he is connected to a network with other humanoid cyborg bodies. They form a circle and seem to form one common source of thoughts. Kuze is using human minds to create a network of his own. This makes him powerful as he can control his subjects. She investigates the place even more and spots the burning hut image once again. A group of men attack her from behind and electrocute her endlessly, causing her to fall to the ground. Kuze walks from a dark spot and finally comes face to face with Mira. He connects her to his network, and reveals himself and shows her his true form. Kuze stutters as he talks. He admits that he was a test subject of Hanka's but considered a failure and a freak on his deformed outcome. Kuze says that Hanka took control of their lives instead of saving them. He then grabs a partial layer of Mira's exterior to look at it closely and puts it back. She calls him a bad person, and he becomes more agitated, threatening her even more. He disconnects her from the system and shoots him. He remains resilient. Mira sees a tattoo on his chest of the burning hut, like in her hallucination, and asks him what it is about. Both of them seem to see the same image over and over again. Kuze tells her not to take the medication that Hanka supplies for her because it suppresses her memories. According to him, the Shell belongs to them, but not the ghost. His words make an impact on Mira. That night, Mira confronts Dr Ouelet over her epiphany. She asks about how many fell victim to their experiments. She asks about where her body came from. Dr Ouelet reveals that they gave her false memories to build her personality and design what would motivate her to fight. Her body did not come from a boat, and her parents did not die the way she believed for years. Mira is their first successful experiment. She went off the grid to run away from the team. She takes a swim to be at peace with her thoughts. Upon returning to the boat, Batou is there to accompany her. She gets worried that one day he might receive an order to terminate her, but he assures her that none of that will ever happen. She asks him to take her back to Kuze's network. Cutter orders Dr Ouelet to get rid of Mira on account of her being a threat to the company. She informs him that Mira knows enough information to take defiance. The team tracks her location and brings her back to the headquarters. Mira gets another episode of hallucinations of experiments like her. As she lies sedated, Cutter wants her to shut down permanently. Dr Ouelet opposes, saying that she can just reprogram Mira. However, Cutter stands by his decision and is firm about getting rid of Mira. He hands a deadly substance that the doctor must inject on her for deletion of her data. As Mira undergoes the process, Dr Ouelet gives her an address instead to find answers for herself. Ouelet allows Mira to escape by unbuckling her from the bed. Before she lets herself get left behind in the lab, she hands a compilation of Mira's memories so she can recall her past. Mira makes her way out of the premises by fighting several members of the security team. She seems to gain more strength despite the process. Cutter shoots and kills Ouelet from the glass division in revenge. Mira strolls through the city on a bike to make her way to learn about her past. Meanwhile, Cutter reports to Aramaki that Mira killed Dr Ouelet and that she must be terminated because she is a danger to them and the company. This angers Batou and asks for Armaki's verdict. He responds by handing over a gun. Mira follows the address; it reveals to be where she used to live in the past. The cat that she constantly sees in her hallucinations comes to her. The door opens and her mother, which she has not found out yet, welcomes her inside. Mira observes the house closely and feels a sense of belonging inside the home as if everything she sees is familiar. According to her mother, she had a daughter who ran away and was killed. She only found out about her daughter's death after the administration gave her the ashes and made her believe that Motoko Kusanagi, her daughter, took her own life. However, she doubts this because she knows that her daughter was happy and contented with living simply. Her mother does sense a familiar look in Mira's eyes when she looks at her and says that she reminds her of Motoko. Mira leaves, confused with her emotions. She reconnects with Aramaki to explain that she is an experiment and that Kuze is just like her. Aramaki informs her that Dr Ouelet is dead. Mira stops for a moment and grieves for her death. He also lets her know that Cutter says she killed her, though they both know the truth. They both know that Cutter is eavesdropping on their conversation, but they allow this to happen as they plan their next move. Aramaki gets in the car in the pouring rain and instructs the team to switch to mind communications. After relaying the message, men shoot at Aramaki's car; he pretends to be hit. As they get closer, he fights back and survives the attack. He manages to bring down the three men with ease and composure. Cutter sends his men to kill Section 9 members, but Batou and Togusa kill their attackers as well. Mira makes her way to meet with Kuze at a hideout, which resembles the burning hut's structure. She recalls a memory that seems to be traumatic as she feels a sense of familiarity with the place. A flashback reveals that she was actually abducted from that specific place. They finally piece together fragments of their memory and wholly remember what happened that night. They remember that their real names were Hideo and Motoko. They were initially fighting against companies that turn humans into cyborgs. All of a sudden, an explosion happens, leaving both of them unconscious. A spider tank appears; it attacks Mira under Cutter's control. The spider tank hits Kuze and severely damages himIt aims and shoots at her relentlessly, but she manages to go to another level and find the perfect spot to bring it down. The spider tank approaches Kuze; ready to shoot him, Mira draws fire at it again. It acquires target at her again and sends a big explosive her way. The building collapses totally, leaving it in flames. In the meantime, the spider tank grabs Kuze by the head and lifts him into the air. Cutter now thinks that he is undefeated and calls him a freak. Out of the ashes, Mira emerges invisible at first until she steps on the spider tank, to destroy it. She uses all her strength to ruin the machine, even causing damage to her Shell and ripping her arm off. She tirelessly destroys it until it finally explodes, which causes injury to both of them. Kuze offers to merge his ghost with her, saying that he will always be there for her no matter what. She refuses, because according to her, this is where she belongs, and this place is her true nature. Moments after, Cutter's men from the overhead aircraft aim a shot at Kuze, instantly killing him. Mira shouts in agony and sadness. Without her knowledge, Aramaki sends his own man, Saito, to take down the sniper to save Mira. The aircraft crashes into the ground completely. As they lay on the ground, Batou approaches them and recovers Mira, who is still alive. He is in awe after seeing her still surviving despite the attacks. He asks Mira what her true name is, and she responds by saying "Motoko". Batou helps her get up and recovers her strength. Aramaki then confronts Cutter after having spoken to the Prime Minister about tagging him as a criminal. Cutter is charged with multiple crimes he committed against the state including Dr Ouelet\xe2\x80\x99s death. Aramaki contacts Mira through mind communication and gets her consent to execute Cutter. He shoots Cutter three times as he falls into his own pool. Mira sees her own grave for the first time. Her mother accompanies her, and they are happily reunited. She tells her mother that she does not need to come to the cemetery anymore. Life continues in the futuristic city. Aramaki still gives the orders, the team assembles again, Operations with section 9 continue, and Mira is ready for her next mission. 