Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain an American dystopian film called \xe2\x80\x9cThe Darkest Minds.\xe2\x80\x9d Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care! In the year 2043 in the United States, Children and teenagers start to die because of a terrible disease that only afflicts children. This disease is contagious and spreads very quickly. However, this disease is only lethal to children but not to adults. As a result of this virus, 98% of children and teens die, and only 2% of children survive the disease, and the children who survive become abnormal. The disease triggers a special ability in these children which makes them dangerous. The government urges all parents to hand over their surviving child to a camp for healing and research. And at that time, the President of America - President Gray - claims that his son, Clancy, has survived the disease and is currently being treated at the camp for healing, and his condition is getting better. In the camp, doctors and scientists classify children and their disorders into five colours: First, it is the Greens; for children whose intelligence has increased. The second is blue; for those who have telekinetic abilities. The third group is Gold, who have the power to manipulate electricity. The first three groups are considered to be quite safe, and are only being treated in healing camps. The fourth group is the group that is considered dangerous, which is the red colour for those who can control fire, and the fifth group is Orange, the most dangerous group, for those who can manipulate the minds of other people. The red and Orange groups are very rare, and the government considers them very dangerous and orders them to be killed immediately on sight. The film takes us to a setting where a little girl named Ruby is celebrating her birthday with her parents. They are worried because all the children around are dead, and only Ruby is still alive. At night, Ruby comes to her mother\xe2\x80\x99s room to calm her down, but suddenly she has a strange vision when she holds her mother\xe2\x80\x99s hand. In the morning, her mother does not recognize Ruby as her child anymore, and her mother calls the government to take Ruby away to the healing camp. Finally, Ruby is taken with the other children to the healing camp. Every child brought to the camp, gets examined by the Doctor to determine what abnormality they have. Ruby is taken to the examination where she is identified as being \xe2\x80\x98orange\xe2\x80\x99 , the most dangerous group that can control other people\xe2\x80\x99s minds. Therefore, the doctor immediately wants to inject Ruby with lethal injection. But Ruby is able to control his mind and convince him that she is \xe2\x80\x98green\xe2\x80\x99, the ones whose intelligence has improved rapidly and is not considered dangerous. On the camp, there are three groups; Green, Blue, and Gold, but there are no red nor orange, because they are all killed immediately on sight. Ruby then lives her life in the camp as a green. Six years have passed, Ruby, who is working in the camp, is scolded by the camp captain for making a mistake. The captain feels that Ruby is more stupid than the other people there, and grows suspicious. However, Ruby\xe2\x80\x99s campmate tries to defend Ruby and insults the camp captain which infuriates him, and as a result, the captain takes her away for punishment. The children are treated really badly in the camp. Later at the camp, frequency tests are often held. In short, this frequency test is a test that uses a very loud sound whose frequency can only be heard by the children. During this frequency test, Ruby faints, and she is taken to a doctor called Doctor Cate for further examination. From the examination, the officer finds out that Ruby is an orange. Doctor Cate secretly writes a note to Ruby that they have found out Ruby is an orange and will kill her immediately. And Doctor Cate tells Ruby to meet her in the boiler room. In a panic, Ruby then directly goes to the boiler room, and in there, Doctor Cate is waiting for her. By that time, the alarm has been sounded for an intrusion, and all officers are ordered to look for Ruby. With Doctor Cate\xe2\x80\x99s help, Ruby manages to leave using Doctor Cate\xe2\x80\x99s car. But at the checkpoint, Ruby is almost caught, but Ruby uses her power to control the officer\xe2\x80\x99s mind to let them escape. Finally, after six years, Ruby manages to get out of the camp. In the car, Cate gives Ruby a panic button that can be activated as a tracker if she is in danger. Cate explains that she is part of the Children\xe2\x80\x99s League, whose mission is to save children from the camp and fight the government. Cate takes her to a gas station to meet her boyfriend, Rob, who is also on a child rescue mission. But when Ruby almost falls and holds Rob\xe2\x80\x99s hand, she has a vision of Rob, who seems to like abusing children. Ruby becomes suspicious of their motives. When Ruby changes her clothes at a shop, she suddenly sees a small girl who can manipulate electricity The girl runs away when she sees Ruby, and Ruby chases after her. The girl then gets into a van, and Ruby follows her to hide from Doctor Cate. The little girl is called Zu, and she is a mute and always wears gloves due to her ability. Zu is accompanied by two friends called Liam and Charles. Liam is a blue with telekinesis ability, while the intelligent Charles is a green. They agree to go with Ruby and help her escape from Cate. On the way, there is a woman who tries to chase them; Her name is Lady Jane. Lady Jane is a child hunter who works for money. While in pursuit, Cate also tries to pursue them. However, Liam uses his telekinesis power to harass them by scattering the leaves, cracking the road, and even knocking down the trees. As a result, they manage to escape. They also begin to get to know each other better, but Ruby does not reveal her identity as Orange and lies that she is a Green. Liam explains that they are on their way down the East River to a group of children led by a mysterious person nicknamed the Slip Kid. They don\xe2\x80\x99t know the identity of the Slip kid, but it looks like he\xe2\x80\x99s an Orange who can control people\xe2\x80\x99s minds. He also explains that the Children\xe2\x80\x99s League led by Dr. Cate is not a good place to stay. He used to be in the Children\xe2\x80\x99s League, where they train children to use their abilities to fight against the government. Liam didn\xe2\x80\x99t like the idea of becoming a soldier, and so he eventually left the League. Meanwhile, Ruby and the others spend the night at an inn. Ruby remembers the time with her parents. It is revealed that she couldn\xe2\x80\x99t really control her ability, and because of that, she accidentally erased her parent\xe2\x80\x99s memories of her when she was a kid. While sleeping, Ruby accidentally touches Zu\xe2\x80\x99s hand and then gets a memory that Zu where she used to be in a government camp, but eventually, she and hundreds of other children rebelled and fled, and the rebellion was led by Liam. Because of the trauma during her life at the camp, Zu became mute. In the morning, they go to a long-abandoned mall to shop and pick up some supplies. They really enjoy their moment together, since they never have a normal childhood. But suddenly, their bodies are lifted and controlled by a group of people. Luckily, Zu uses her electric power to stop it. It turns out that they are also a group of children who have telekinesis abilities. At night, they talk about the children\xe2\x80\x99s association in the East River and its very secret nature. They know where East River is, but they can\xe2\x80\x99t tell Ruby and her friends the exact location because it\xe2\x80\x99s a secret they cannot tell. However, Ruby uses her telepathy secretly to make one of them unconsciously gives a clue about the location, which is the letter E-D-O. Later that night, the genius Charles tries to figure out what E-D-O is, but he finds nothing However, after speaking with Ruby about her father being a cop, Charles starts to realize that E-D-O might be a radio frequency. He concludes that E represents 5, D represents four, and O represents 0. And he uses the number 5-4-0 for the radio frequency. Finally, they receive a message from the frequency, and finds that the location is at Lake Prince Virginia. The next day, on the road, they are ambushed by Lady Jane, the child hunter, and she uses the sound frequency of her rifle to incapacitate the children. Luckily Ruby uses her power to control Lady Jane\xe2\x80\x99s mind, and gives Jane a deserving punishment. Liam and the others are shocked that all this time Ruby is Orange. It turns out that Ruby has lied to them all this time because she isn\xe2\x80\x99t proud of her abilities Some time later, Ruby confides with Liam about her past. And they start to fall in love with each other. Finally, they continue their journey and arrive at Lake Prince Virginia. There, they meet other children like themselves. They are so amazed because they haven\xe2\x80\x99t seen that many children in a very long time. They also meet the Slip Kid, and it turns out that all this time, he is the son of the President, Clancy Gray. Clancy is an orange, just like Ruby At night, they have a party. Liam and Ruby dance together romantically. In the morning, they are all given an assignment, and Ruby is assigned to help Clancy. Clancy tells Ruby that he is one of the first people to survive the terrible disease, and the government used him to experiment to create a cure. But the Doctor failed. And his father, the President, lied to the public that they had found the cure. Clancy eventually escaped and formed a children\xe2\x80\x99s association where all the children can live safely. Clancy then teaches Ruby how to control her power and control other people\xe2\x80\x99s minds without touching their hands, and Ruby finally succeeds. In return, Ruby teaches him how to erase people\xe2\x80\x99s memories. However, during this process, Clancy controls her mind and tries to kiss her. Ruby is distraught, and she hits him and leaves. Ruby and her friends finally decide to leave the place. But while on the run, they are ambushed by troops from the camp. Liam tries to fight back, but suddenly he becomes unconscious. It turns out that Clancy has made him unconscious. It is revealed that all this time, Clancy has been the mastermind behind it all. Clancy has contacted the Camp captain to arrest all the children. Clancy has been manipulating his father, the President, and taking control of the government using his power. His main goal is to create his army of children with superpowers so that he would never get abused by anyone. Ruby then uses her power to make the camp captain commit suicide, and Zu controls the electricity to create a trick to escape. Suddenly armed forces arrive with helicopters to arrest all the children. The troops brought the children in the red group who can control fire; it turns out that they are secretly weaponized by the government; and they set the camp on fire. The battle finally ensues. The red army tries to burn Liam and his friends, but Liam uses his power to retaliate. But suddenly, Clancy comes in the middle of the battle and manipulates the minds of all the children there. Liam and the others are forced to leave the location and leave Ruby there, because only Ruby has the power to face Clancy. Ruby uses her ability to create her army. However, Clancy shows his brutal nature, and controls their mind to kill themselves by shooting each other. Clancy then tries to use his new memory-erasing powers to turn Ruby to his side, and forget her friends. But Ruby uses her power to control the pilot\xe2\x80\x99s mind, and the helicopter crashes and explodes. Ruby manages to escape the explosion with the help of Charles, but unfortunately, Charles gets burnt, and he is severely injured, leaving Ruby no choice but to use her panic button to call the Children\xe2\x80\x99s League for help. The next morning, the League squad comes to pick them all up. Charles is immediately taken to the hospital for treatment, while Zu is adopted by a good family But Liam is arrested by the League because he has betrayed the League before. The League considers Liam knows too much about the League to be left free. Ruby meets Kate and bargains to release Liam by promising to be a soldier in the League, and fight against the government alongside them. However, Kate is sure that Liam will never leave without Ruby, and he won\xe2\x80\x99t let Ruby join the League. Finally, Ruby meets Liam. Liam explains that he wants the two of them to stay together and discuss plans for both of them in the future. But Ruby is forced to erase herself from Liam\xe2\x80\x99s memory, so that Liam can be released and so that she can join and fight with the Children\xe2\x80\x99s League. All memories of Ruby from their first meeting in the Van, chatting together and dancing together, are all gone from his memory. Suddenly Liam doesn\xe2\x80\x99t remember anything about Ruby, and Liam leaves. Ruby then cries as she sees Liam leave. At the end of the story, Ruby joins and trains with the Children\xe2\x80\x99s League. But there is more! The struggle of Ruby and her friends is far from over ,because it turns out that Clancy is still alive. And a fierce battle between the two sides will be inevitable. Subscribe for more videos like this, turn on notifications, and leave a like to help the channel out. Thank you for watching. 