[Music], welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna help Dan Cain through his loneliness with bride of re-animator. let's get to it. we opened deep in the jungles of Peru, where we find West and Cain enlisted in the service of a guerilla army doing field surgery. this is right up their alley, as it allows for some sloppy technique, and they have plenty of secondary use for the unfortunate soldiers. Dan wants to leave as things get lively on the battlefield. ah, Dan, but there's so much test fodder and iguanas. but the mortars make this decision for them, and they're forced to fight their way out, solidifying their loyalties or somehow. back at Miskatonic hospital, where dan and herbert are treating a patient, for some reason, who has sick. don't say that in front of Herbert. and then Dan takes her off for some unspecified but routine surgery. despite the return, the events of eight months ago haven't been totally forgotten. we learned this as lieutenant Chapman visits dr. graves and pathology to present some newly discovered evidence. hey, that's some fine evidence. he got their graves gives him the rundown on the mysteriously well preserved specimen from the massacre and the mysterious substance dr. hill was working on. you know, if only there was some way or someone to investigate all these mysteries. I was planning on doing that first thing in the morning, as a matter of fact. Oh, perfect. they also note the curious recent disappearances of random body parts, right as West slides in to make some choice selections and gets his delicate little fingers on Megan's heart. this comes in handy later Wednesday, and decides he wants to do more saving than butchering, and plans to move out. so West hooks him back in with Meg's heart and helps him see the end result with a subtle visualization, like a veteran salesman. but before he can pull a commitment, the doorbell rings. it's the police, who West's regards with the same disdain as all authority figures. he takes a moment to set out his suspicions, and then sees himself out back at pathology, dr. graves actually gets around to doing some work, quickly deducing and confirming the reagents purpose, who's somewhat to his detriment. and just think you could have been doing this for the last eight months to make up for lost time. his face to experiment involves reanimating dr. hills head. he tries to show off his cool new trick, but he'll plays like Michigan J frog, causing graves to almost immediately begin questioning his own sanity. meanwhile, Dan and Herbert are acquiring fresh materials while and watches. turns out the damn dog belongs to Francesca, their Peruvian friends from Italy. dan quickly steps up like, wassup, girl? how you live in and secures a date for later that evening. we learned that with West's new reagents, building new creations is as easy as screwing some pieces together, as slathering them with the substance. Francesca arrives for their date, while Chapman stuffs his face outside his favorite part of a stakeout. Francesca introduces dan to her special sauce, a family recipe comprised of ragu in Sri Racha. and then Dan gives her the sauce upstairs, if you know what I mean. Oh, Inc back in the sub-basement. West gets bored, eventually wandering up where Chatham has moved his stakeout to their living room. he's done waiting and investigating like a chump. it's time to push people around and smash [ __ ] up. so West chloroform's his way out of the situation, like always. Dan discovers his deeds and starts to freak but he had no choice. and and hear me out, this could be a test of the heart injection technique they had planned for Meg. it works. but Chatham trashes their tailgating cooler, and things get sloppy again. he locks them in and runs off, but doesn't leave before thrashing Francesca's dog, which she brought on her first date. the boys breakout, and Dan comforts Francesca, while West makes off with the remains and starts getting crafty. when Francesca comes calling in her loyal companion and gives her mainly how do she runs away in terror. Dan tries to clear his mind and connect with something real, but ends up boring Gloria to death. they go in hard to try to save her. and I come to the realization then we never got confirmation that they actually finished medical school. afterward, west orders her remains straight to cremation, making off with his bucket. he reveals his prize to Dan and then sells the hell out of the project by noting the value and sanctity of all the individual parts after diddling some tendon stands in. we're bringing back Meg. back with graves, we see that he'll still has his telepathic abilities, and listing the help of Chapman, forcing graves to modify him. on the way out, the lieutenant forces Francesca to nibble his stump before wreaking havoc on the floor, taking any and all reanimated bodies with him. back with the boys, there awaiting the reanimation of Meg. when the doorbell rings, West finds a courier is left a major award of some type, and he cracks it open to find dr. hill trying to be a Zoomer, please. downstairs, meg wakes up and gets a birthday smooch before Dan presents her to West and Francesca. then all the other monsters bust in, and they have to barricade themselves back downstairs. dan starts to have the slow realization that their creation is not Meg any meaningful way. and the girls start to get catty. unsurprisingly, we find that having someone's heart doesn't make you behave in a particular way. the power of love, the ladies go back and forth is everyone breaks in and starts grabbing throats. however, the monsters offensive suffers from infighting and tissue rejection. our main group tries to exit through the back, but are greeted by West's freak factory. while dr. Hill flaps around like a maniac. and then there's a miraculous cave in that in tombs all but Dade and Francesca. and that was bride of reanimate er, Lovecraftian adaptation of the Frankenstein story, which implies that Diana's West's imperfect creation. how poetic. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 