hi everybody. today i want to recap a romance comedy movie called the girl next door. hope you enjoy. ambitious high school senior, matthew kidman has been accepted to georgetown university, but cannot afford the tuition. he has raised 25 000 in order to bring a brilliant cambodian student, samnong, to study in the united states. his life suddenly changes when a beautiful new neighbor, danielle, moves in next door. matthew witnesses her undressing from his bedroom window, until she sees him and storms over, knocking on the door and introducing herself to his parents. they suggest to matthew that he show danielle around town during the car ride. however, danielle wasn't mad at matthew, but makes him run naked across the street as revenge. yeah, right. like i'm gonna strip right here. are you? are you serious? uh-uh. the whole package. psycho. matthew and danielle bond through a series of flirtatious dares, including one that culminates with the two skinny dipping in matthew's principal swimming pool at a raucous party thrown by a classmate. matthew finally finds the courage to kiss danielle. she is receptive, and they become a couple of sorts. the next day, matthew's reverie is shattered when his friend eli informs him that danielle is an adult film actress. you're gonna need a harder piece of wood than that cowboy. that's not her. yeah, it is, on eli's advice. a still-stunned matthew takes danielle to a sleazy motel and treats her. [ __ ], wow, this is, uh, this is really nice. uh, tv air conditioner. what? what are you thinking? do you want to [ __ ] me? how do you want me? why are you doing this? isn't this what you want to [ __ ] a porn star in a cheap motel room? so this is what you think of me? danielle feels insulted, realizes that he has discovered her past, and abruptly ends their relationship. matthew later attempts to apologize and reconcile, but danielle believes that she will never be able to escape her past, and decides to return to the adult industry. matthew tracks danielle down at an adult film convention in las vegas, where kelly, an adult film producer and danielle's ex menacingly warns matthew not to interfere with his business. matthew ignores him, convincing danielle to leave the adult industry and begin their relationship. anew days later, an enraged kelly abducts matthew from school and physically assaults him, saying that danielle's failure to film has cost him thirty thousand dollars. kelly offers to let matthew erase his debt by stealing an award statuette from porn mogul hugo posh. but once matthew has entered the house, kelly calls in a burglary report and leaves the premises. matthew narrowly avoids the police and rushes to a scholarship award dinner. high on ecstasy that kelly gave him his aspirin, he improvises a deeply sentimental speech, he endears himself to danielle, but loses out on the scholarship. kelly exacts further revenge by posing as matthew's student advisor and stealing all the money matthew raised for samnon. matthew fears that he will be implicated in the fraud and expelled from school. he turns to danielle for help in recouping his losses. danielle calls in two friends from her porn star days, and they agree to make a video for hugo posh on prom night, using matthew's classmates as actors. after the successful shoot, danielle and matthew have sex in their limousine. despite danielle's past, it is the first time she has truly made love. the next morning, eli calls matthew in a panic, saying that the prom night tape has been stolen, jeopardizing their hopes of financial recovery. matthew enters his house to find kelly in possession of the tape, talking with his parents and principal salinger. [Music]. kelly, in private, tells matthew that unless he is given half of all profits, he will play the stolen tape immediately for matthew's family. matthew dares him to show the tape, saying that he no longer cares about his future, and kelly obliges. okay, then on with the show. hello. i'm april and i'm ferrari. you may recognize us as stars of the adult entertainment industry. and today we're taking time out to talk about a very important subject, sex. so for those of you naughty boys expecting to see a raunchy porn video, you might as well turn this off now, because you're not gonna see sex. what the [ __ ] is this? [ __ ]? you're gonna see sex education. this is interesting. matthew, yeah, yeah, i think it's it's a great idea. surprising everyone, matthew and his friends have made a progressive, comprehensive sex ed tape, rather than a porn film. with no more cards left to play, kelly admits defeat as well as a grudging respect for matthew. hugo posh and matthew make millions from the video. hugo posh pays for samnong to come to the united states. matthew has enough money to attend georgetown and take danielle to dc with him. [Music]. thanks for watching. consider to subscribe. and see you again in the next video. 