simon that kratos is adam was right. what lost faith. as claudia tiggemann own, opposite of the apocalypse function. and june 20, 2020, but that god's article can stabilize grandson. maybe it's a look back that you should be hospitalized again. no case, i'm staying here. and me am clausen find the head of the special commission, and now responsible for the unresolved missing cell from last year. six people have been missing for months, and send us one person. in six days, our kiln will finally go offline. that is a drastic experience for all of us. at floor level. there is no touching anyway. and later, part of the green meadow, the radiation of the barrels will be traced back to the earlier use of the basin. why he has us open about everything depends on you. me. past and future. [music], nobody is allowed to enter the dead zone. every attempt will with death bes meet the provincial when you enter, the passage will open, and then we will be led into paradise. apocalypse. it has to happen. you have doubts. [music], the missing pages from the book, you have to find it. what my jonas only in the future. but i can't go back. i have it. tried to destroy the passage, but i only closed it a meadow. january 1921, federal council is why has a greeting. to stabilize. in a stable state, a kind of portal is created, which possibly allows traveling through time. i am and i was told that we are a and are the same person. that is impossible. it is yes, you can from the country hotel. those are his business that hanging on his walls everywhere. be understood if you have seen that. yes, said he can change everything. he can change the past and the future. who said it? but the band can change that. nobody, not even the white devil. it 's the biggest in the community. and at the same time, you can travel through time. you have to stop there for now. not much time with regina. [music], maybe you don't remember me. my name is egon. I have arrested you 34 years ago. why didn't she kill you? who are you really that you show me what's really in the dead zone? [music], that doesn't make any sense, but that's maybe the only way to get back home. i'm in there, out there. makes no difference. god has you chosen. that is a battle between good and evil, between light and shadow, that the travelers can undo everything. yes, that said, no more fear of him. it will drive blood. you can not choose your family. to free yourself from blood means to free yourself. that has to you. don't go to me now. so use my mother loves you. you know, the luck asked me when the time has come and we will see each other again. i k If you don't at all, why don't you come to us and tell us? your name is cozy ulrich nies and i come from the future. if you think adam will let himself go, then you will. you have to choose your side. for you, there is no redemption. i know where the last pages are, and i know how long claudia has been looking for it, in return, approves the dual, saying that i want to go back before the new cycle begins. i'm here. i would have to have the reserves. i 'm sorry, next week, for example, i have cancer. si, where i am? yes, you knew that. he here. she has betrayed himself. i am not one of your build more names than the best. shame. [music ]. she had the pages with her. [music], agnes, go and let me know. but which one? we have 19 and 21, and slowly taking on her wife's name. the titles were coined / shaped this city, especially reginas. i make it real name. k\xc3\xb6hler, alexander. k\xc3\xb6hler. [music], claudia tier she was known the g exact times. and when it happens, what she does? the children who disappeared, you think about time travel. the last pages were torn out. [music], but there was something in the caves, a kind of crack in the time. i am jonas, your son. and then think, what are you doing? [Music], what is that? what is left here? the broadcaster who maybe my opinion. [music], it will last for almost 32 years. is it opens? you know about it. you want to go home. what do you say? at least you first tear. excavator, bernd hoffmann, he wants the last cycle to start in three days. i have to stop you. you want to finally have an answer? [music], what is that? traveling doesn\xe2\x80\x99t leave you without a trace. the human body isn\xe2\x80\x99t made for who it is in the long run. she I am you all the talking, until it\xe2\x80\x99s what I\xe2\x80\x99m not that\xe2\x80\x99s the time machine, then show us how it works. [music]. what\xe2\x80\x99s really happening? that part of God n the particle that gives all things their mass. do what you want with the data, but get my name and the work out. i have been waiting for this moment for over 33 years. the question is not how, but when. but i knew his grandfather. he is not my real one. grandfather grew up in europe. god is time. i'm only i know who you are when you were born. you can't give you great chances. you came too early. almost like all those years. looking for each other all the time. because the akw jonas, it will all happen again. the apocalypse. i have to destroy adam so that all live, not only those in the bunker. no, i come back. i want to see that here for me to examine. and not a word to anyone. marius k it is not the same as that. in the future, it is, so to speak, his twin. that in the future, through the catastrophe in two days that you absolutely want to prevent. we made it ourselves, the end will send you au on the day you want to travel, the twentieth of june 2009, breaks through. in a 33- year cycle. 10 the day before everything happened. we have to stop being able to take our own life, then everything that follows will not happen. [music], part christoph from it is travel sooner. what is i have to go? how else i have to work my own rain jacket. i find the two of us something in perfect together. [music], never think of anything else. [music], i know everything. i know the right name. mac is in liezen. i know that you im want to hang atelier. you have already written the letter. it is hanging together big ribbon. but you that you kill yourself. that is the beginning. how did you find the passage to show what brought me all the way to the door through the tunnel? you can i here to stop me from showing what i have to do. but if we don't happen, then you're not born. and maybe a role in old much is a commissioner than you think you will. you belong to adam out there. there are two sides to exactly trigger everything. again, we it always happens that. no, that can't be. we all have to spend, whether your father has to spend too. dear jonas, when you read that is all, it has already happened irretrievably. it can no longer be changed. our truth to survive. try to forget until it no longer works. we can say what his task is in all of this, on which way you really send him. we could all let us know. bring [music], shot in the breast, are still noticeable? the eyes, a blue, a brown. today is called economy. what day is today? 96 june. do you know this woman? he told me about her, to the white devil. that is a copy of a document from the marburg registration authority, the data of her last identity card. before you marc, i would arrest them on suspicion of identity abuse. almost into each other. g experience. [music], i believe that this is man's [music] that is moaning. i can now see you after your beginning. katharina nielsen, he told you was a brother. is his brother's son. my grandchildren and yours. i'm so sorry. my brother has also disappeared without a trace. 86. and he is also alexander bold. the answers to your brother can be found in contact. my friend, i am to remember. and you ever said i love you to me, he said, i need nobody but the truth. you do not need me. what you love me out of here, but i love you. similarities with him, but it is not an in and of itself. they are each other. needs time. around 50. wanted what i know would travel back in time. what are you doing? call in the guard to look for your pants. [Music], everything is ascribed. is pretty nice. everything sounds pretty. is the white village. traveling back today, where i come from. i lost everything. all i want is another day. i know what you did, she told me. but she also said that it doesn't have to happen like that again, next time in the future. [music], you have to go now. a search warrant for the nuclear power plant. i can't prove that you Killed my brother, but I get them for what happened there last twelve months, I got taught everything for the future and the past, or the music association. want to create a new world. , you and I, we want to save it, that 's the only place it's safe. promise me that you don't leave these banks. alexander has something radioactive in concrete. that means it's all connected. he said that everything has something to do with the akw has to let me do all these things. but now i know what i have to do. [ Music]. me people is a daughter. she is elisabeth's daughter. and her mother, agnes, we cannot escape our destiny. the passage snowed again. the thing went through the medium. hard words had to bring to the bunker at helga, h\xc3\xbctte, you don't have much time, regina. i 'm so sorry. you have to come with me now. he also said that we would be friends. i'm happy already. now he is the savior. you are the savior. only from marta, you have to advise them. pater magnus and franziska again, me and agnes, this cycle has to be closed so that the next cycle begins. alina, why do you want the future to happen? again, because what is today arises the beginning of the end. is i can lead you to your new determinations in the future, at the end of this world. i am the trigger for you to become what i am today. but i am your report. [music], yes, only later, us have to get away from here. i don't ask from what time, but from what world. [music], 