returning from mos pelgo, the mandalorian subdues bandits who attempt to capture the child. [Music], his speeder bike destroyed, the mandalorian walks back to mose icely, finding peli motto playing cards with dr mandible, who has information about mandalorians. the mandalorian must transport a passenger, the frog lady, to an estuary moon called trask, where her husband will fertilize her eggs and has information about other mandalorians. her spawn are fragile and must be transported at sublight speeds, despite the risk of being attacked by pirates. the child surreptitiously eats some of the eggs. they encounter a new republic patrol, and the razor crest is forced to flee to a nearby planet and hide in an ice canyon. [Music], the ship crashes through the ice and is severely damaged. the mandalorian wants to wait until morning to make repairs due to the extreme cold. the frog lady uses the severed head of the droid q9-0 to translate and says they cannot wait, admonishing the mandalorian for breaking his word, and he reluctantly begins repairs. later, they find the frog lady in a nearby hot water pool, bathing with her eggs. the mandalorian warns her that it is not safe and collects the eggs. the child explores the ice cave, finding another kind of egg, which he eats. nearby eggs hatch, and soon the cave is filled with white spiders of various sizes. they are chased by a cluster of spiders, and a giant spider attacks. the spiders surround them from all sides, but they make it to the ship's cockpit. a spider climbs onto the child, but the frog lady vaporizes it with a tiny blaster. as they take off, the giant spider attacks the ship, trapping them. they are saved by the x-wing pilots who kill the spiders with blaster fire. there is an arrest warrant on the mandalorian for freeing a dangerous prisoner. they also note that the mandalorian confined three other criminals and defended the prison guard, and so they are willing to overlook the incident. the mandalorian asks for help, but they leave warning that next time they might vaporize his ship. [Music]. he finishes the repairs, and the severely damaged ship continues the journey. the passenger and the mandalorian fall asleep. the child has somehow sneaked another egg, which he happily gulps down, 