[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a horror film in the mouth of madness. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. someday, in new york city, while struggling and keeping claiming that he's not gone insane, a special patient, trent, is dragged to a psychiatric hospital and put into confinement, where he begins to draw mysterious symbols on the wall in his clothes. the psychiatric doctor visits this special patient later, and trent recounts his whole story. before that, trent, as a freelance insurance investigator, has solved many tough cases for an insurance company. as a result, the owner asked trent to investigate a claim by his largest insured publishing company. during their conversation, however, trent is attacked by a man breaking the glass window with an axe and asking him if he reads sutter kane's novel. but fortunately, the man is shot dead by a police officer before he can harm trent. later that night, the tv news reports the big chaos caused by kane's crazy fans who are fighting on the street to get his newly released book. however, trent doesn't want to take the chaos seriously, which he believes is just a stump planned by the publishing company to promote the sales. on his first day of investigation, trent meets the publishing director, who explains that their superstar [ __ ] novelist, sutter kane, disappears with a novel unfinished, and the assaulter he met yesterday is actually kane's agent, who won insane and attacked people after reading his books. the director demands trent find out the missing novelist and recover the manuscript for the final novel. an editor girl is then assigned to accompany him for any backup. despite being told that kane's horror stories have been known to cause disorientation and memory loss, trend is skeptical, convinced that the novelist's disappearance is just another planned publicity stunt. out of curiosity, trent checks the book later that night, which, however, brings him into a series of horrible dreams soon where he's confronted by a group of monstrous people and a haunted police officer with his mutant face. with those six novels on the table, trent notices the red lines on their covers, which would align properly form the outline of new york city and mark a location of a town, believing that it may be a clue to find the missing novelist. the two set out soon for the long journey in the daytime, while trent drives the car, the editor girl drives his hormone desires in the night time, while the editor girl drives the car. in turn, trent fake sleeps to drive her hormone desires, causing her to crash into a cyclist with a horrible mutant face, who, however, recovers to normal soon and leaves into the dark. they continue their way later, but only find that the car is floating high up in the sky and headed to a dark tunnel before they arrive at the other side in daylight. but to her surprise, trent seems unable to recall anything that happened last night. in huge confusion, the other girl insists on switching with trent, thinking that she's more skilled to drive hormone rather than the car. they soon reach the small town, but only discover that there are few inhabitants around, realizing people in the landmarks there are exactly the same as those depicted in the horror novels. the ender girl is convinced that they have been brought into the novel plots. trent, however, believes that this whole place is just a theme park merged with the novel elements intentionally to promote sales of those novel series. right during their argument, they happen to see some town folks gather up before the church with weapons and a man to return their children. as the gate flashes open, the long missing novelist, kane appears suddenly with his creepy smiles towards the town folks, who were subsequently attacked by the violent hounds and struggled to flee away. after making his way to the hotel room, trent bursts into anger and blames the inner girl in the publishing company for their over promotion, admitting that the company's claim was actually meant to promote the novels. though the editor girl claims that what's happening here is not part of their plan. they're now living in the real novel plots. while trent is trying to work on the whole thing in a bar one night, a guy comes to warn him to leave the town as soon as possible for the novelist has taken control of all the town on the other side. the editor girl drives to church, attempting to confront the novelist. she's then horrified by the cheerless church with its creepy decorations. and meets the novelist, who reveals that the plots in his novels are not fictional, but real. they are all created by the monsters behind the door. team forces to expose her to his final novel in the mouth of madness, which drives her insane. instantly, under the hallucination, she begins embracing and kissing the monsters. novelist passionately, but without hormone let go. the next morning, the editor girl struggles to come back and warns friend never to watch the final novel before she loses her consciousness. trent wants to find the hotel owner for help, but is horrified to see the hotel owner already turned into an octopus sheep monster is killing her husband. he rushes back into panic and finds the recovered editor girl, who has actually changed to the same kind of monster. he rushes to get his car, trying to flee out of this hell quickly. but right then he sees the monsters town people surround the editor girl for some mysterious sacrificial ceremony. in fear of the coming attack, he hides in the bar and finds the same man who keeps warning him to leave before committing suicide. seeing the town people are approaching. while back on the street, trent knocks out the editor girl and carries her into the car. he then races out quickly. moments later, however, he's stopped by the same bizarre cyclist on the way. he gets out for check, but only gets frightened to find the monstrous editor girl. what's worse, later he discovers that no matter how hard he tries, he's repeatedly teleported back to the center of town. with no better choice, he runs the car at its full speed towards the monsters, but ends up crashing the car and losing his consciousness. trent awakens inside the church with the editor girl. the novelist explains that the public's belief in his stories would free an ancient race of monstrous beings, which will reclaim the earth eventually. what's more, trent is also one of his characters in the novel, and his mission is to follow the plot and return the manuscript of in the mouth of madness to the publishing company, furthering the end of humanity. it's also revealed that his agent, who wanted to kill trent previously, and read the final manuscript and intended to stop trent from taking it back for publishing. the novelist tears his face open, showing a dark tunnel and roaring monsters inside. trent gets the manuscript from the editor girl and races down the hall with the monsters close on his heels. he trips and falls, then suddenly finds himself lying on a country road in the daytime, revealing that he's brought back to reality. he drops the manuscript before taking a ride back to the city, but only finds that it's soon sent back to him by mail. believing that it's a real evil curse right now, he burns it into ash quickly. later, as trent tells the company director his adventures in that town and warns him not to publish that novel. to his shock, the director tells him there's no such editor girl in the company. he's just sent alone to find kane, and the manuscript was delivered by him months earlier. what's more, the novel in the mouth of madness has been on sale for weeks with a film adaptation in its post-production. on the street, while encountering a reader of the newly released novel who's bleeding from his mutant eyes, trent kills him with an axe, just like the agent did previously. he then gets arrested for insanity and sent to the hospital. after trent finishes telling his story, the psychiatric doctor, however, judges it a meaningless hallucination. later that night, some unknown, big chaos seems to happen outside the asylum. the following morning, trent wakes to find the city trash and people all gone. it's shown that the world has been taken over by monstrous creatures. trent comes to a theater where he's horrified to discover that he's the main character in a film. he laughs hysterically as he sees daniel cc as narrating his film, in the mouth of madness. this is daniel cc movie channel. peace out. 