hi everyone. so this is definition here with my Arkham Knight playthrough. if you've been checking out my other playthroughs, you know that I'm a bit, a bit of a Batman expert. I've got a website definition car at UK, where I'm currently reading through all the can illogical Batman graphic novels, ranking them from best to worst. and I'm also on the side of that plane through Arkham Asylum, Arkham City, are now Arkham Knight, and kind of showing what graphic novels influenced certain parts of the game. the other games are kind of played through just the first two hours or whatever. this I'm gonna kind of break it up into chunks. Arkham Knights like a massively underrated game, I think. I think Arkham City was so successful that people just thought, alright, well, everything from now one's gonna be at this level. and unfortunately, Rocksteady did overdo the Batmobile quite a bit. I know that was massively hyped up before, and it was a bit of a boy's disappointment, like they give it too much. and this opener is absolutely brilliant. so it's following on pretty much directly from the end of Arkham City, and lets you know straight away the Joker is dead. he's not coming back. he's definitely dead. he's cremated. you've just done it. and I just saw that it was a really creative way to open. and fortunately, III rocksteady, for some reason, spoiled the the Scarecrow opener, which is, we're just about going to now, which, if you didn't know in advance, I think this would be a massive, like, surprise er. and it's just a shame that they, they kind of introduced her like this. so you've got Commissioner Gordon talking that same voices, the guy who played Mike in Breaking Bad is his name kind of skips my head at the moment, but he's a really good fit for Commissioner Gordon. I think if they ever cast him in a film, he'd also be a really good fit. obviously, my main man, JK Simmons, AKA j jonah Jameson, he's Commissioner Gordon now. but I think, I think this Mike guy would have done a great job. so it's, it's good. I would just start. you've got Sefton Hill there on the right, just walk out the diner. he's the game's director, so he's had a cameo in all the games. and that is one there. and you've got the the diner here. I just remember this, like, playing through this and thinking, oh, you've got like a TV. it's got Arkham City on it there with the courthouse, the to face one, paulie's diner there, and named after Paul Dini, who wrote the script for Arkham Asylum and Arkham City. so it's nice that they kind of homage him a bit there with, without gotten the controls here, it's nice to him. watched him a bit with them, just calling the paulie's dynamic. so it's, it's really good how it just starts off. you've got Henry Adams there, who comes a new Alea quite in quite a big way. and it's quite a little dull beginning. it's obviously, you know, near Halloween. you've got a scarecrow mask. they've got a guy in a Batman mask, and then you've got a guy coming over here. he's seen something strange in the corner. so this kind of, I think, takes inspiration directly from a god of fear story. and it takes part during the night for lark. and it's, it's featured in shadow of the bat. and that's the run it's from. and it basically involves the Scarecrow sort of poisoning Gotham. it's more kind of him going after citizens. and this is sort of the whole threat that the game takes on. you've got such a good opener here. and I'm very lucky to have a 4k TV. you know, I don't want to brag, yeah, but if it's in there, fifty inches, you know, you know, I know good TV when I see it. and just see in this scene play out, it still looks absolutely fantastic. and the way it transitions from from the start, it's just really good. and I love how kind of it changes this genre of a bit. like first-person shooters are obviously a massive game genre, and it's good to see, you know, they're doing this. no, no, so, like, this is what the Scarecrow, it's the best way to introduce the threat of the Scarecrow, like you see people, how they act. I also do think this takes inspiration directly from Sandman, which is written by Neil Gaiman. it's a really, really good graphic novel. if you get a chance to do that, you've got there. Johnny charisma there, and getting borderline. and scarecrow, they obviously, is suffering from the wounds that he got in Arkham Asylum when Killer Croc tore, tore off his face off. anyway, back to what I was saying, so Sandman knits an arc in that that takes part in a diner where a villain goes in who can basically control human emotion, and you can make everyone really happy. so at one point, all the members in the diner start having sex with each other. but it can also make their emotions really depraved, and it gets to a point where they stop murdering each other. and it all takes place over the space of about 24 hours, I think. and it's just a really good adventure through human emotions and the different contrasts that and duplicity that we all share within us. so I do think that opener takes inspiration from that. you've got the the policeman getting shot there. and this is also a brilliant way to kind of introduce just, you know, a cop gets shot, and by penguin. and two-face, obviously, you can see the graphical upgrade that was made when they moved to the ps4, and it's just great how Arkham is in complete anarchy. it sort of reminds me a lot of no man's land and Cataclysm contagion as well, which are all huge, also the cult and which are all huge stories in which, you know, the the villains, the criminals, take over Gotham City. and it's great seeing this on a surface level. and then the camera pans up directly to Batman, and it's all in one shot. and you can see that just the skylines absolutely incredible. and you've got the bat-signal there. and, you know, just to see Batman up on this perch, it's a perfect way to introduce the character. and you know what, as good as the arkham city in reduction is, i think this is probably the best out of all three. and for beginning the game, you've got the excellent joke, confirmation that he's dead, and then you you've got the diner, and then you start off here, and you just glide off, and you're immediately in the game. and there's no tutorial or anything. it's just sort of like, yeah, up there above everyone, you can see the blimps, which are often a big part of Arkham. so you got them, like, if you ever watched the animated series from 1992. the the blimps are just a huge, huge part of that game. and you've got, you've got Batman sneaking up on Commissioner Gordon. and I love how it's something that's became a motif of Batman, is when he disappears mid-sentence as Commissioner Gordon saw Burton. it's good that they, they get the chance to do that in this game, because I wasn't there in Arkham City, and it wasn't there and Arkham Asylum. and it's, it's funny how in the Justice League trailer, that the new one, they're making a joke out of it, and with the flash standing back and be like, that's a bit rude that they may disappeared. so, really great old men. and this is still the best rain I've ever seen in a game like it's amazing how it just relies on the characters. so, anyway, back to the coaling. involves Deacon Frost, who actually features in this game. he brainwashes Batman. he breaks them down by basically starving them, not torturing him, but tying them up. and it was, you know, just like using just mind-control techniques to eventually get him to join his forces. and the city just goes a Miss Serena, the city just goes to hell. homeless people end up right in and then taking over the entire city. and Batman really gets broken down, and he's got a gold back to the Batcave, recover, get Robin, and they ride into Gotham in a monster truck, Batmobile, and take down Deacon for us. and it just, I just love whenever Gotham gets taken over, like it happens. and a lot in the new 52, and you've got Riddler does it in zero, yeah, which he blacks out the city and says, every day, right, I'll let control of the city go back to the regular people, but you still have to answer a riddle, and if you do, then I'll give you control that, of course, it's the red left. so the riddles are, you know, the there's a trick to them. and pretty much everyone gets fed to the Lions. and you can see the combats being upgraded here, and it's just so much more fluid. you're able to take on much bigger groups of people in a more free flow manner. and I just remember playing it and getting a massive buzz off it, especially when you can pick up the bat and stuff. you've got the blimps there, which I'm just gliding pass, which are a huge homage another blimp. sorry. the balloons very clearly referenced in the Batman 89 movie, in which, of course, the joke leads a parade through the Gotham City Center, and he has his whole balloons, and Batman just comes in on the batwing, and we get the famous line, I don't know, you know, I don't think no, where does he get those wonderful toys from? it? is that part of the movie? but, yeah, it's just an absolutely brilliant scene in which Batman just takes all of the balloons out. and we've got coming up here, one of the best introductions to the Batmobile ever. he just gets a lot out there. and it's nice how they kind of upgraded the Arkham City suit, like, very subtly, and just yet this is one of the best. yeah, there's a, you know, playing through like analytically and going through the beginnings of every game in the series. yeah, this is by far the best introduction, like, just the amount of detail that they put into this and that the ps4 can deliver is absolutely crazy. like, you can zoom in very close to characters, and there's immense detail on them. and then pull out, in this there's still a detail for the city. and just getting to drive the Batmobile, it's a big thing. and I do wish there were more sections like this. and instead of just like, stealth tank Batmobile, like, I remember when you had to do that stealth tank bits, and I was thinking, just the word stealth and tank should never be used in the same sense, ever. and it was great how you could upgrade the battery, skin the Batmobile. and, you know, the 89 versions, my favorite one developed by Anton Furst, who sadly committed suicide after the the initial Batman film release. it was just a brilliant looking car. and I really just, it's one of the best movie cars of all time. I think there are these lads, I think they're gonna, I think they're gonna be so, it's kind of hard to talk about the main inspirations this early on in the game. if you've ever read the under the Red Hood of that obviously plays a massive spoiler into the and the end of the game, which it's a shame that they, they decided to steal the twist completely from that, especially after hyping it up for ages that they were going to be developing a brand new character, and which was a load of Sh in it didn't make sense like someone who masking themselves to be another person in a mask. and yeah, it was. I think that's another reason why people got so annoyed with Arkham Knight, which is a shame, because they had had just made the the Arkham Knight in this the character that he turns out to be. if they're just made him that from the start, that would have been a, it really would have been like a really good game, and people wouldn't have been disappointed with the twist. Oracle and Barbara Gordon, who is famously paralyzed by the Joker, in the story, The Killing Joke, absolutely stellar story. like, when I first read I didn't really like it, because I think they'd been hyped up so much. but it's, it's so twisted. and I love the joke at the end, which is something like, there's two people in an insane asylum. they're trying to escape. one guy goes to walk across a beam, jumps across. one jumps across the roof to escape and get the torch out and shines it across and says, you know, you can jump across. just walk over the beam and the other and the same guy goes, no, I'll not do that. he'll just turn it off when I'm halfway across. and it kind of speaks to, metaphorically, the madness of the The Joker and Batman, which character it meant to be rich in that joke, the whole story is about this joke, and it really surmises Batman and the Joker's relationship. and the whole story is about Batman trying to be like, look, we are gonna kill each other eventually. I don't want that. if if there is a way to become, you know, to just be civil, then I'll happily take it. unfortunate man doesn't get to deliver that speech to Joker as he's escaped. I mean, the joke at the end just perfectly sums up their relationship. Batman wants to with all his heart, just stop the madness that the Joker's brought forward, but I think when he hears that joke, he just realizes that there's no hope. and I don't care what anyone says, Batman kills the Joker in The Killing Joke. and I'm kind of wondering if the DCR gonna pick up on this again in rebirth, because I know that there they've introduced three Joker's, which they've done, and they've just completely dropped the ball with and not mentioned again. so it will be interesting to see how how it goes with that. but I think, personally, that one of the Joker's was the one in The Killing Joke, and they were murdered. and Tom King, at the moments do, I never know if it's Tom King or Tom Kane, you know. and it's really bad. and he's currently doing the war of jokes in riddles, and in which the joke is just stop finding things funny. so he's almost going to a next level to try and find a joke that that's gonna make him laugh. and he, and he realizes that riddles are similar to jokes. and so he meets up with the Riddler, but any betrays them, and, shoot, some Batman shows up and realizes, you know, the the Joker's the RIP. sorry, the Riddler's fatally wounded. here. I can chase after the Joker and probably catch him, or I can take the Riddler to the hospital. and Batman, very unlike Batman, decides that as the Riddler's gonna die, he's just gonna go after the Joker and leave them there. the Riddler doesn't die, and it starts a massive war across the city in which the Riddler wants to kill the Joker and vice versa. and the the entire cities just kind of just a warzone. we've just seen there that poison ivy talks about how toxins don't have an effect on now, which is a big part of the character. there's a story called Batman contagion, which I'm briefly mentioned earlier, in which the apocalypse virus, which is also known as the clench, gets unleashed in Gotham. and it's a form of Ebola a, which just kills people within 48 hours. and poison ivy basically is tasked by Batman to take the take the cure a certain people, because he knows she's the only person that can survive these this toxin. this is a brilliant bit. so you get your Batmobile out here. it's brilliant how you can just call it in by remote control. anyway, Batman sends the Adam sends poison ivy, you know, one of the ways the most duplicitous villains that he's got in to deliver the cure these rich people. unfortunately, being the evil woman that she is, she she had betrayed them, and decides to to sell the The Cure to the highest bidder, because the people who blocked themselves in this tower or some of the wealthiest in Gotham. and it is just, yeah, it's really good that Batman then has to, he's realized what's gonna happen, so he has to break into the tower and take down poison ivy. it's sort of a bit like die hard. it's not like, as as big as die hard, but it's still, it's still a really good story. now, one hundred percent recommend picking up Cataclysm. it's not, you know, amazing, but it leads into legacy, and then it leads directly in a road to no-man's land, which, of course, leads directly in a no-man's land, and which are all absolutely stellar stories. so you sort of need that one to to almost set there the grounds for the story can be built upon. it involves Tim Drake getting the virus, and when they find that, find out, after thinking that they've cured it, that the virus mutates and through the legacy storyline and becomes the legacy virus. and everyone who who was cured now gets a deadlier version of it. and it's just, it's just really intense. Dick Grayson used to be my favorite Robin, but I think after reading nightfall contagion legacy, and Tim Drake just just became my favorite by far. I mean, he's got the, he's got the, well, I've got to do this one as well. yeah, unfortunately, the game sort of takes a, not a massive dive, but, you know, it's a lot of tutorials that mind. so, Tim Drake, he's not as much of a [ __ ] as Jason Todd, which makes him better. and he's as cunning as degrade him. but he's also a detective. like in death of the family, he figured out that Dick Grayson and Batman were Batman. so he found it, figured out decorating in Bruce Wayne were Batman and Robin. it's a very hard to talk when you you're trying to shoot stupid tanks. tank fighting likes tank fights, not me. so he had years there, really the one of the best all-rounders and decorate. and even goes on have become Batman beyond that, unfortunately, has been rewritten. but it was very good, and played out in features end, which is the story about the Batman of the future traveling back in time to when brother I was created. because in the future, it's an AI that has taken over the, basically the world and destroyed it being it's sort of like DC's Days of Future past. and it involves all the earth two heroes. and it's a very sort of, yeah, I'm an idiot, like, I could have, could have just done that straightaway. so, yeah, these tanks section site there, just just overdid them so much, really looking back, like anything that sort of, like the Batmobile in this game, is just tethered to you. and there is one bit where it gets destroyed. and when it got destroyed, I was just like, thank [ __ ] for that. unfortunately, about 10 minutes later, you get it back. and once when I seen it come back, I was like, aha, yes, yes, it's back. I then realised, yeah, I'm never getting rid of this thing. it's gonna be here forever. so that was nice. it's just a bloody shame, because they had, they didn't really neat. you've had the game out. it was long enough without it. and unfortunately, out of the Riddler challenges involve it. so you, if you want to complete them, you've got to do it. I do think it is a cool looking Batmobile. I was originally gonna get the statue, but just, that's good. so, yeah, like, I could have just cooked down so much of this [ __ ]. haven't always just fight in the Batmobile. you got Dixon duck. yeah, the great girls poster there. it's a tribute to Adam West, rest in peace, who sadly passed away recently. so, in the animated series Batman, as a kid, used to watch TV show called the Gray Ghost, which was voiced by Adam West, which, you know, it's obviously a homage to the 1966 show. and he sort of was inspired by this, you know, this this fighter who used to go, this vigilante basically used to go and solve crimes. it was a really nice way to homage the first season and also, like merge the two together. like this was before cameos are a massive thing. and then Batman, through the episode, realizes that a criminals perpetrating a lot of crimes that were on the TV show about the Gray Ghost. so he goes down, finds where the Gray Ghost is, the actor, and they both go out together to solve these crimes. and it's a nice little tie tie-in of how, you know, yeah, you meet me, you should meet your heroes. it reminds me of my dream when I met Christian Bale. it was the best. so the clock tower is Barbara Gordon's base. and it was also used almost as a Batcave in the aftermath of Batman, r.i.p, in which Batman, so he gets killed in Final Crisis, and dick, Dick Grayson realizes that, you know, Gotham needs a Batman, so he takes over the role in and there's a big war for it in the book called battle for the cowl, in which Jason Todd comes back, and he wants, and there's a couple people who who want the role. eventually, Dick Grayson takes on the manhole. and and obviously dick was always sort of a Batman's very broody, moody guy, whereas Dick Grayson is and he's quite happy, um, so he sort of, it inverts everything Batman is. and Joker even comments on it, like, you fight more like a bird than a bat. and even it, everything down to its base is a tower. and it's just, it's just a nice little twist on the character. of course, we know Bruce Wayne comes back eventually. but it's good that he can leave the the manhole in the safe hands of Dick Grayson, because there was a point where he couldn't. and he initially gave it to Sean Paul Valley, who let's get it. then. it's good how you could go on the evidence Locker and get your old equipment out early, like that. but a lot of people didn't know, and I didn't realize in the bat-cave, it was like grenades and stuff that you could pick up. I'm so so in the nightfall saga, Batman gives the role to John Paul Valley after his back gets broken by Bane jump or Valley, mental lad and goes around murdering people, killing them. so Bruce is basically like, you know what? this probably isn't a good idea, and he need to not have someone in place who's an idiot. so he gives it to Dick Grayson. in the story prodigal Prudential prodigal, or whatever it's called. anyway, they'll add there's a bloody stellar job a bit. so he gets to, he gets, you know, left is substitute number two. that's a really good story. it sort of deals with a lot of father and son things. obviously, a lot of people don't acknowledge it, but, you know, Dick Grayson is Bruce Wayne's son, and he adopted him and left him like a father. so it's a really good little twist on it. and it's sort of also deals with Dick Grayson being angry that Batman didn't ask him. he's like, why didn't you just, you know, tell people? why do you just tell me that I could do it, instead of giving it a Jean Paul values mess to sit here and while you can smash this guy's hand, the person should, you know. and so, yeah, it deals with, you know, it's a whole father-and-son thing, where Batman's like, well, I know you wanted to be your own man, and I didn't want to hold you back and say, oh, you have to follow my footsteps. and dicks like, well, why didn't you just ask me? and it's a whole breakdown of communication. and there was several years where briefs and dick didn't really interact because of how Bruce sort of trained him as a kid. he did great, and don't really have a childhood because he was too busy, you know, trying to be Robin. and he sort of saw as like, you you took away my childhood fighting this war that I didn't want to fight. and it's just a really good, little, like, look, character study. and I do wish there were sort of more things like that, which sort of analyzed, like, they don't hate each other, but like a lot of father-and-son relationships that get frayed due to a lack of communication. and so I always wanted what's best for you, son, even if I didn't exactly go about it in the best way, which it's just a really good look at the character. and I know that they are talking about, if they do a sequel to this game, then it might either be with Damian Wayne or Dick Grayson, and it would be really good to see those characters in it. they also said it might be a sequel to Arkham origins, so we just have to see. but the game's not been announced yet. it's getting done by WB Montreal, who made Arkham origins, which, you know, some people like that game, some people hate it. personally, I quite like it, um, I think it's definitely got the best story out of everything. so, yeah, that's, that's my thought on that one. so I'm just upgrading stuff here at the moment. no, really. I don't really need it. I'm pretty good at this game without this stuff. if you don't mind, it's say in there, mate. anyway, cheers for listenin to that story. so it's basically, the way I'm gonna do this game is, I'm gonna play through the entire thing. I'm not, going to, like, make you watch me play through the entire thing, and, but just in key bits, I'm gonna record, you know, certain sections. so whilst this first part is just kind of a, I'm also open thing there, the next couple parts will be more selective of what I take. so we're going to Professor Pegg right now. and I know that I've not really read much with Professor Pig. he did feature quite heavily in the Batman and Robin must die storyline, with, once again, Dick Grayson being Batman and Damian Wayne in Robin and he basically wants to make perfect people, which this murder investigation sort of centers around. and the game does a really good job of showcasing, like, what kind of person he is. and if you've ever get a chance to watch beware the batman and, what's the only word for one series, it was still really enjoyable. and a lot of it does feature professor pick them. and he's just kind of a, he's a complete psychopath. and I do quite like the character. and I thought use a big goofy at first, but once I've read the grand Morrison running which he murders people, whether there's just because he's aside it, you do, you do kind of realize like he has got a sinister vibe to him. so definitely try and check out anything, check anything else by Grant Morrison that has Batman in hand, because you'll not be disappointed. if you're gonna pick up from Batman and son onwards. make sure you read it in order, because I read it in the wrong order, like a read Batman Incorporated first. that's all this is alright, but it's not amazing. and whereas once I read it in chronological order, from start to finish, I just thought it was absolutely mind-blowing. I there's so many little touches, like there's one issue, like early on, where Batman some prostitutes questions to see, you know, to get to the bottom of this investigation. and and was the girl, yes, the questions - he says like, look, you don't need me doing this, blah, blah, blah. I heard they're hiring at Wayne Enterprises. and then about 7 volumes later, you just see this, the girl, they don't really highlight it, but she's just working as a receptionist there. and it's just little touches like that that really make the book, sort of. and the run just next-level, like everything ties together, all has a point. like Graham Morrison's a great believer that everything in Batman's and we, like all Batman stories are canon somehow. so the things that happened in the 30s, or Batman when he was a younger, younger guy. and the things that happened in the 50s were Batman when he was, you know, in these twenties, he met Robin. he it was so come be cuz Robin brightened up his life. in the seventies, it started getting darker again. but you know, it wasn't. it was in his thirties. and then in the 80s it just went kind of batshit crazy. I just went, Jason died, and that's why everything was so dark. and it's just the guys that really got it all planned out. so definitely pick up that run. anyway, that's my playthrough of Arkham Knight for now. I'm probably going to do five playthroughs on this, like I'd originally only did three on the other games. but there's so much to talk about in this would be a shame not to. so thanks very much for checking out this. please like and subscribe to my channel. check out my other playthroughs as well. are we if we show that? and if you get the chance, go to definition code at UK. that's definition with two EPs. and check out my comic reviews. like I said, I'm reading through all of the Batman graphic novels from start to finish. and but more so, covering things like Watchmen. I do a watchman podcast with my good friend Tom qui, and I cover like Suicide Squad, Justice League. I just do it all. yeah. so check it out. and thanks very much for watching this video. thank you. take care. you 