welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your house definition, and you're now locked into the channel where we break down all the latest movies, new game releases, TV shows and comic books. throughout this video, we're going to be discussing everything that you need to know about the 2019 Korean film, parasite, as well as its ending. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the movie yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown a parasite. parasite centers around the Kim's, a family that live on the poverty line, barely getting by, living in a bug infested basement and forced to do all kind of menial jobs in order to get enough money to live day-to-day. and its core parasite is a tale of two families, well, three, which I'll get into later. but primarily it centers around an extremely poor father, mother, son and daughter, and a very wealthy one made up of the same archetypes the Kim's. okay, take the father, Chung sook, his wife son, ki-woo, who later becomes known as Kevin, and ki-jong, the daughter. one day, kee Woo's friend gives him a large rock that is supposed to bring them luck and wealth. whilst doing it, he also informs ki-woo that he's leaving to study abroad. and one of his clients, the hai, requires English tutoring. ki-woo hasn't got any qualifications in this, as his friend knows. however, he says that he knows enough English to fake it. and after ki-woo falsifies documents with his sister, he gains employment with the parks. ki-woo, who now goes as Kevin, really catches the eye of dahye, and he also massively impresses mrs. Park, who divulges that she is struggling to find an art teacher for a sundar song who she believes is a genius. the song has had a pretty messed-up childhood due to the fact that when he was younger, he saw a ghost in the house, and this has scarred him for life. Kevin tells mrs. park that he knows of a brilliant our tutor that he will inquire about. and along with his sister, they carry out the same scam. the title parasite comes from the fact that by the mid point of the movie, Kevin has managed to get his entire family roles in the home by each member recommending the next one. and they concoct devious ways in order to get the workers at the parks fired in order for them to take their place. the con is on. and the first hour of the film has a real dark sense of humor to it, as we watch the group faking TB infections and sex scandals in order to basically develop a parasitic relationship with a family in which the Kim's can live off their wealth. watching them manipulate the pox is fascinating, and early on, the movie will really get hooks into you. and I found it hilarious just how much doubt they seated in the parks by simply placing tomato ketchup on tissues and so on. it's a really unique and original premise, and it's no surprise that the film is getting high praise across the board. I've never really seen a movie that could be described as both a thriller and a comedy. and parasite is extremely innovative, whilst also possessing characters that you can really relate to. Kevin gets too high to fall in love with him, and each family member gains the trust's of the parks, which all leads to one fateful night when they decide to go on a camping trip. they leave the property in the care of Chun sook, who, along with the rest of the family, decides to spend the night checking out how the other half live. however, the households previous cleaner arrives saying that she left something in the basement and that she will only be a moment while she goes to get it. moon Gwang, the cleaner, reveals that there is actually a secret bunker under the building that the parks don't know about, and that her husband has been hiding down there for years, operating light switches and so on to make the house seem like it runs automatically. he sends subtle messages such as Morse code, that subliminally let the occupiers know that he is there, and it keeps him happy, providing a safe place for him to live as he hides from loan sharks who've been after him all this time. it's where the film takes a real sharp turn. and I was open mouth throughout the reveal of it. I've heard a lot of horror stories about people secretly living in attics and so on for decades without the occupiers knowing, and watching it play out. and the film was brilliant. moon Gwang, which, year full disclosure, have probably pronounced everyone's name wrong up until this point, discovers that the Kim's are also pulling a scam on the parks. and she attempts to blackmail Lam, saying that she won't tell the family, as long as they sneak her husband food and don't tell a PAC's about him. this blows over into a big fight, with the Kim's managing to delete the footage of the phone that moon Gwang takes as evidence. but just as they look like they're in the clear, the parks call and say that they are coming home early due to a bad store in the area. and this has bigger repercussions later. there's a mad dash to clean up the house, like when you were a teenager and I had a house party and your parents said they'd be home earlier than you expected, so you rushed around clearing things. yeah, I'll never forget that one bottle cap that left out that got me caught. anyway, there's two sort of sides to this, with a mad scramble going on behind the family's back, whilst Chun sook paints out that everything is fine, even going so far is to kick moon Gwang down the stairs in order to get her out of the way. it's hilarious for all the wrong reasons. and during this scene, mrs. Park informs Chung sook about the songs ghost, who at this point we now know is moon Gwang husband. the other three Kim's hide under a large table in the living room, and the parks crash out on the sofa, which is where mr. Park reveals that Chi take has a smell about him that makes him stink. it's a poor smell, smells of rags. smells worse than this channel that just goes about spoiling movies. anyway, they do a bit of fondling and crash out, and the Kim's are able to escape. however, they're not out of the woods yet. and the group get home to find their basement flooded, probably with that guy's urine who keeps weighing next to their house. do they say wing in America? I don't know. anyway, back at the parks is home. moon Gwang dies from her concussion, right in front of her husband, who Chi take tied up. everything at the Kim's is destroyed, completely washed by the rain. and it's kind of crazy watching them going from this lavish fantasy life to the depressing circumstances of reality. it's what makes parasites so endearing and memorable. and looking at the desperate situation of the Kim's reminds us that anything can go from great to terrible in a matter of moments. Kevin picks up the rock that brought him wealth and fortune in the home, and they have to sleep in a community shelter surrounded by poor and desperate families like them. the picture often portrays the poor as bug like, crawling around, swarming with one another. and whilst that may carry negative connotations, it's very much the opposite, betraying the human side of just how horrible living day-to-day can be. it's a sympathetic view that shows that everyone is desperate to make money some just happen to be more lucky than others. watching this song wake up and attend in the garden, juxtaposed with the Kim's waking up in an overcrowded gym, just shows how big the divide of wealth is within the world. and the subtext definitely makes you feel sorry for the Kim's. this is a situation that's very much about keeping up appearances, though. and the next day, mrs. Park throws a party for the song and invites many people, including the Kim's. Kevin sneaks off and carries the rock down to the basement, intending to give the good luck to others. but Gwen se moon Wong's husband grabs him round the throat with a rope, smashing his head with the rock. and then going to the party, he stabs Kees young. and this dramatic appearance triggers the song's trauma, and he has a seizure. guy take rushes to stop ki Jon's bleeding. a mr. Park shouts at him, saying that he has to drive the song to the hospital, but he doesn't move, instead throwing the keys of the car at him, which are blocked by Chun Suk, who at the time is fighting against a Chun Suk, manages to kill him. but as mr. Park goes over to retrieve the keys, he is repulsed by the smell. and this reminds him of mr. parks comments, which have clearly been playing on his mind. and he runs over and stabs him, fleeing from the situation after murdering him. it really goes from zero to a hundred. and this scene is one of the biggest lap tunes that I've ever seen in a film. it really keeps you on your toes. and no, it's pretty short-lived, it's very memorable and cements just how unpredictable that parasite is. both ki-jong and mr. Park died from their wounds. and Kevin awakens in hospital after receiving brain surgery. he suffers from damage and has developed a twitch, laughs uncontrollably. and at the trial with his mother, the two are found guilty of fraud. AMPA on probation, he take a stayer large wanted for the murder of mr. Park, though the authorities have not been able to locate him, they tail Kevin, who still keeps a close eye on the poxes house. and one day notice is one of the lights flickering, spelling out a message in Morse code that he fled to the basement and has been living down there this entire time. he buried moon Gwang, and there have been new occupiers that Chi take needs to sneak around in order to survive. Kevin promises to become extremely rich and earn enough money one day to buy the house himself so that he can free his father. but this just seems to be a fantasy. and in reality, Kevin is still stuck in the basement from the star of the film, much like his father, who too remains in Warren, paying the price for the family's lies. the film is very much circular, with the Kim's, most notably take, once more relegated to living off the wealth of others. now will Kevin eventually earn enough money to buy the house? though we don't know for definite, it is safe to assume from the director's comments that he will not, and that Kai Tak will be trapped down there until the end of his days. when discussing the film's ending, the directors stated that he had one of two options for how to close it out. the scene that we saw where the family reunites, or the one in the basement, showing the harsh reality of it. he chose the latter to hammer home that the prior was just a fantasy dreamed up by Kevin who has discarded the rock, possibly losing the luck that comes with it, if there is such a thing. thus we can draw from this that the downtrodden ending of the film hammers home that Kevin will forever be stuck in that basement, unable to escape the trappings of poverty, where the two will remain barely getting by, scrapping on food in order to live one more day. now you could have easily cut when the two reunited, and this would have finished the film with a happy ending. however, to have it go on longer than it does definitely cements to me that this is a tale of reality wrapped in a fantasy. and Kevin will likely never complete his goals due to his fraud conviction, brain damage and inability to move beyond the house. he will likely still obsess over it and spend the majority of his time there, rather than working in order to build his fortune. and his father will be trapped in the basement, hiding from the authorities. it's kind of heartbreaking, and it's also what makes parasite so special. with Kai take, you kinda wonder, would he not be better off in prison, as he's gonna be stuck in a cage either way. at least in jail, though, his family will be able to visit him. this is a very off-the-wall movie that is both unique in its premise and the way that the plot plays out. and it makes for a memorable journey that is laced with sadness throughout the reminds us of just how good and bad that some people have it. parasite is incredible, and it's easy to see why it's being labeled by many as the best film of the year. there's very little to fault here. and with there being so much in Hollywood that is formulaic and repetitive, this is a breath of fresh air in terms of storytelling. parasite is a masterpiece. and it will likely be brought up in many conversations for years to come, with people asking, have you seen parasite? before going into just how good it is, and have the person that they're speaking to has to go and see it. this is a brilliant film and one of the best movies of the air so far. and that's why it gets a perfect 10 out of 10. now, obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on parasite and what you took from the ending. I've heard a couple people say that it's very much like Inception, where it's completely ambiguous. so if you think the opposite to me, or agree with me, then make sure you leave your theory in the comments below. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and don't forget to check out my full breakdown of this weekend's big release, a doctor's sleep. would you be linked? at the end we go over everything that you need to know about the movie. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey. will head over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with all the latest videos on the channel. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. well, so giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3, part 1, boxer and blu-ray, which contains Civil War, Doctor, Strange homecoming, Ragnarok and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on parasite in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen on the 15th, and open when the set will be shipped out from the end to ever gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 