hey, what's up guys. the explanation pros here. today i'll explain a comedy, fantasy, horror film titled ted. spoiler's incoming. the movie starts with a narration and a visual description of christmas in the 1990s, piles of snow, kids playing in the backyard, creating snowmen and throwing snowballs. the first scene introduces john bennett, the main character of the movie, but started as the most unpopular child in the neighborhood. as john bennett walks to the crowd of children, they are bullying a jew child, beating him up physically and taunting him. jon, as the movie describes him, as the most disliked child and unpopular, tries to interfere or join the commotion. the other children dislike him so much that the children ignore him, making jon feel so envious about the other children in the neighborhood. as christmas approaches, john bennett's parents give him a best friend in the form of a teddy bear. john is so happy about his new friend, as the bear can talk several coats like any other toy during that time. the teddy bear, with the size of a young child, about three feet, makes jon the happiest child. during that day, jon still wishes for his bear to be alive. as he makes his wish under the blanket that night, for an unknown reason, the teddy bear agrees and miraculously comes to life, as exactly how john bennett wishes. the miracle of a toy, or teddy bear, coming to life is a short hit for the public daddy or dead. as he gains his name from people that brought him popularity, made his appearances on various television shows like the carson show and several advertisements. john and ted continues to live their popularity and their famous life just like any other celebrity. as the movie progressed, the narrator sadly states that after years of being famous in the public media, the fame and popularity of ted, as well as jon, fades. 35 years later, and now john and ted are fully grown adults, with ted's appearance to be a little bit more afraid than before, he settles as a roommate of jon, a man child who lives with his teddy bear for all his life. john is now an agent on his local car rental agency, and tries to live committed on his adult life. in this part the movie starts to introduce jon's girlfriend, laurie collins, john's partner for a long time. lori, as described in the movie, patiently waits for john for her marriage proposal for almost four years. as the relationship approaches the right time for marriage, john and ted's relationship continues throughout their lives. and as adults, they spend their past times inhaling large quantities of weed, doing things that they used to do, spending their life carefree, without thinking about any responsibility for the moment. as they sit on the couch, they always have this wishful thinking and imagination about their childhood hero. flash gordon reminiscing their favorite scenes in the movie and the television the movie implicitly describes the fear of ted about jon's relationship with lori. ted is afraid of losing his relationship with jon. as laurie spends john's time doing couple things and stuff. as laurie tries to live with jon, ted always tries to be with him for all time. during lori and john's intimate moment, ted interferes, explaining to jon how scared he is, trying to ask laurie if it is okay to lay with jon in their bed. john agrees and even sings with ted's song in order to make ted's fear disappear. the next day, lori went to her work under the company name flymouth, where her office miss gradually talks about her relationship with jon and john's relationship with ted. lori tries to defend the manchild's characteristics of jon to her officemates, until her boss came asking for her work and reports. later that day, lori and john went out on a date in a fancy restaurant, talking seriously about their relationship and possible marriage. laurie and john happily remembering their laughter and joy throughout their lives. regarding their dates, their epic moments and funny acts, comes to a more serious topic, which includes jon's opinions and standpoint about ted's existence as his teddy bear and companion. john agrees with lori's suggestion to ask that indirectly about their individual separation, as they are already grown-up adults, but settles to the idea that ted must have a work first in order to have a boost in maintaining his possible own life. as soon as they went home, jon and laurie finds ted hanging out with his female friends, living out his life to the fullest, drinking beer and wine, continuing the life that jon and him have. lori shows a reaction of dismay, as it is the same topic that she and jon talks about during their dinner date. jon decided to ask ted to go out with him. the next scene shows that ted and john on an animal museum, having a serious one-on-one talk about their life and ted's actions. jon suggested ted to act like an adult, having a life of his own in the family, living the best life that ted can as the reaction of ted shows the anxiety and fear from possible temporary separation with jon. he later on agrees and tried to call himself about the things that he didn't expected. the next morning, john went to ted on his first job seeking and interviews. they both agree that if ted successfully passes the interview, they will be having their celebration at night. said, during his first interview, acted with his usual reactions, with sarcasm, rudeness and funny responses that will surely fail anyone who acts the same way with him. but the boss hired him as an employee in a grocery store, asking ted to work as soon as possible. later on, jon helped ted to move his things to ted's new apartment. it is a hard scene for the both of them, as it is their first time to be separated for almost 30 years of their existence. while ted is on his work, laurie and jon finds a perfect time to spend their moments together, finding peace in the absence of ted, creating more time for each other. lori and john both enjoyed their moment together. on his work, ted finds a beautiful co-worker in the store. tried to flirt with her with his naughtiness. the woman is so fond of ted's attitude and shows a favorable response for ted. on jon's work, he experiences different conflicts with his boss and his own work. jon is so stressed that when ted called, he was thinking if he must answer it. ted, on the other hand, spends his time with his female co-worker in the inventory room, doing sexual things together, as their boss finds them doing it. ted's boss talked to him about this matter, which made him upset. on the store, sparking, a man approaches ted with a suspicious behavior. said later on, ignores the man. as tammy exits the store premises. later on, ted and jon spend their time together trying to get rid of the stress while smoking pot in john's apartment, thinking about the things they used to do and also flash gordon. the next day, the two couple, ted and tammy, and john and laurie, spent their dinner all together, talking about the things between them, when suddenly, lori accidentally tells a story about the pass of ted that made the double date awkward. as tammy exits the table, ted follows her with a hurry. the next day, jon escorted lori to her company's event that showcases her boss rich background. as the night progressed, jon talks to laurie's boss, spending time while having a tour in the large mansion like house. the conversation that jon had with laura's boss made jon a little insecure, as laurie's boss is showing interest towards lori. a stressed and insecure jon receives a call from ted inviting him to a party. jon exits lori's company event and went straight ahead to ted's apartment without a doubt, since ted told jon that the party will be showcasing flash gordon. jon speeding up, thinking he is on a flash gordon movie. arrive intense location in the nick of time. jon and ted spend their night with their action hero, flash gordon, while hanging out with a lot of people, doing things that they enjoyed before, and spending their life like there is no tomorrow, singing, laughing, joking around, while smoking pot and drinking beers. that is how the night went for the two. jon forgets about lori, which was mad at him. jon exits the party and regret due to the possible results of his actions regarding his relationship. jon and ted had a commotion. when jon exits the apartment. jon told ted that he should have followed laurie's suggestion about his separation with ted, as he is an adult man that is already 35 years old, and he should have avoided or stopped hanging out with his teddy bear that do not cares for him and gives him benefit. upon hearing this, ted's heart shatters. as jon leaves the apartment's area, ted continuously thinks about the things that jon said to him, and decided to go to john's apartment in order to talk with jon and laurie. ted went to john's apartment and suddenly welcomed by lori. ted talks to laurie, pleading for a moment to talk to jon. lori allowed ted to enter and talk to jon. upon meeting jon, ted talked to him with his ears tone, about the life they had and seriously approached the problem between them. when jon approaches ted to reconcile, ted attacked him, saying things in order to get revenge about the things that jon told him. but this act of ted shows that ted is still sorry, but do not want the situation to be heavy or awkward between them. after the incidents that happened between ted and john, as well as lori, ted walks alone in the street when he is suddenly approached by the suspicious man, the same man that approached him on the store's parking lot. it turns out that donny, the suspicious man, has a son that wants to play with ted, as he feels bad about the past incidents involving him and his lifelong best friend. ted agrees to go to donny's house to play with his son. as soon as ted reaches the house of donny, donnie's son demands to play with dead as he needs a new best friend. ted is feeling a little bit off about what is happening, and it turns out that soon he will be abused by their family. later on, ted's idea comes to life as he is physically abused by dawn's son. whenever he refuses to play. dad is locked in a room, captured and held by donny and his son. when he finds a chance to escape, ted reached the phone and went to the bathroom, calling john and informing him about the situation. when jon received a call, he immediately went to the house of donny. unfortunately, donnie finds out that ted called john and decided to move out somewhere with ted. donny put ted in a sack and put him on a car's container. ted tried to escape and struggles with donny. he successfully escaped the car after the accident, but it creates a cotton in his belly. as a stuffed toy, he doesn't feel anything. and continue to escape, running away from donny. ted reaches for the tower in a baseball field, climbing up, while being chased by donny. john approaches the situation and went straight for ted. in the set attention, ted falls off the tower while donnie is captured by the police, ted is severely damaged as he is divided into two. jon feels bad about what happened as he brings the remains of ted back to his home. laurie, upon seeing the effects of the incident, tried to fix dead and wished upon the falling stars in the sky to heal ted and bring him back to life. the next day, ted is completely alive, which creates a perfect resolution and ending for the movie. thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and also subscribe to my channel for more videos like this. see you in the next video. 