this episode is sponsored by rocket leagues. radical summer, a nine weekend game event celebrating all things 80s play. now through August 12th, it's summer, which means it's time for new episodes of your favorite Netflix original series that hasn't been tragically cancelled yet. stranger things, the show's mythology is not super complicated, but everything has like 20 different names. so before you mix up a mind flayer with a demagogue n' and really embarrass yourself, we've got two helpful look back at the first two seasons that'll get you all caught up. we open in November of 1983, as a monster breaks loose from a government facility near the town of Hawkins, Indiana, after emerging from a fleshie portal connecting our world to the mysterious beyond. nearby, for middle school friends play Dungeons &amp; Dragons, even though the technology doesn't yet exist for them to live streaming on Twitch. so what's even the point? army of troglobites charging to the chamber? that's Dungeon Master Mike wheeler. they're hanging out at his house. his adventures are well Byers Dustin Henderson and Lucas and Claire. Mike also has an older sister, Nancy. she's recently started dating popular guy Steve Harrington, who, an early season one is just the worst. they'll be important later, but not yet. on his way home from questing, will sees a mysterious figure in the road and crashes his bike. he's then chased by a monster, probably the same one that escaped the lab. when he gets home, will tries to call for help, but only hears strange feedback on the phone. eventually, the monster attacks, and both it and will seemed to vanish. in the morning, Will's increasingly frantic mother, Joyce, tests alcoholic, disinterested Hawkins police chief hopper, with finding her boy. he's missing, is what he is. hoppers depressed because he used to have a daughter, but she died. Sarah, my daughter, right away. hopper suspects Will's dad and Joyce's ex-husband, Lonnie, of kidnapping. give me his number. no, hopper, he has nothing to do with this. unsatisfied with this answer, Joyce and her older son, Jonathan, check out wills fort in the woods, which he calls Castle buyers buy garden. would have been funny too, but this was pre Game of Thrones. around this time, a young girl with the shaved head and hospital gown shows up at the local burger spot. she has the digits 0 1 1 tattooed on her forearm and seems to have some kind of telekinetic power. government agents claiming to be from social services show up to acclaim er. they kill the super nice burger chef, Benny, because they're really more of a pizza freaky, off the grid science lab. but the girl uses her supernatural abilities to escape. meanwhile, Joyce gets a creepy telephone call that messes with the lights and momentarily sounds like will. and this really sets her off. Lukas, Mike and Dustin go out searching for well and find the strange girl instead. inspired by her tattoos, they call her 11, or L for short. she asked the boys to keep her hidden from bad men, so they stash her in Mike's basement. 11 recognizes will in a photo, and also demonstrates her abilities for her new friends, because with great power comes great responsibility. and also mild nosebleeds during a party at Steve's place. see, I told you we'd get to them eventually. Nancy's friend barb feels left out and goes to sit by the pool. she's abducted by a creature and taken to what appears to be another dimension, a ruined version of the real world. then she's killed by the monster because there's no justice really, like none. she was just being a good friend and keeping Nancy from getting into trouble, like she asked her to. then get Sun ceremoniously left by the pool alone after cutting her hand while shotgunning a beer, which she didn't want to do. while her friend hooks up with the worst guy in school, and she still hangs around to make sure she's safe. and what thinks does she get a nun ceremonies death and a hashtag. anyway, what was I saying? oh yeah. while the boys are at school, eleven makes like et and explores Mike's house, watches TV and has flashbacks to her time being held captive at the Hawkins lab. that's where she developed her psychic ability under the supervision of dr. Martin Brenner, who she calls papa hopper. investigates the lab, but it only makes him more suspicious. no one breaks in here, certainly not some kid joyce places lamps and hangs christmas lights around her house, hoping to use them to communicate with will. and somehow it works. eventually they develop a system to speak. joyce even paints the alphabet on the wall and begins using the lights to spell out words. he tells her he's still at home here. steve discovers that wills older brother, jonathan, who was out at night looking for his brother, was creepily taking photos of his party. he gets revenge by smashing Jonathan's camera at school the next day. but then Nancy sees that one of the photos features her missing pal, barb. so the message here is it's okay to hide and secretly take pictures of people, as long as a monster is also there. Nancy goes back to Steve's house later to look for barb, and catches a quick glimpse of the monster. around this time, chief hopper and the police find the body of a boy in the quarry. and it looks like all this supernatural stuff has been for nothing. the body is identified as wills, and the town mourns his death. but eleven convinces Mike that he's still alive by communicating with him through Mike's walkie-talkie. well, is that you? it's Mike. did you copy joist. likewise, refuses to believe that her son is dead. but to be fair, she's a little on edge these days. maybe not your go-to resource for the latest on objective reality. I know it sounds crazy. I I sound crazy. the boys give 11 a makeover and take her to school. okay, well, let's not get conceited. they plan to use their favorite teacher, mr. Clark's ham radio, in tandem with eleven superpowers to contact will, making class bully Troy Pia's pants is just a side benefit. they briefly do manage to make contact with will, which causes Joyce to hear him as well at home. she even sees him trapped inside the walls. then the radio explodes. typical, always right when you're getting out of the shower or you made contact with the Dark Dimension. Nancy takes a closer look at Jonathan's photo of barb and recognizes the monster as the same one she saw behind Steve's house. she shows Jonathan, and they decide to join forces. meanwhile, Hopper runs a little investigation of his own and discovers that wills dead body is a fake. so he breaks into the restricted portion of the lab. there he finds the room where 11 was kept and the still open portal between worlds. but then it gets knocked unconscious and wakes up at home, which has now been bugged. at Mike's house. the boys an 11 label the other dimension, the upside down, upside down Dustin theorizes that the doorway to the upside down gives off an electromagnetic current that they can find using compasses. if we follow the compasses north to the gate. well, let mr. Clark take it from here. you'd have to create a massive amount of energy, more than humans are currently capable of creating. mind you to open up some kind of tear in time and space, and then you create a doorway. oh yeah, sure. when you put it like that, it makes perfect sense. that's why they do it like that in every movie about wormholes. 11, who's been hiding the truth about the upside down from the boys out of fear, messes with their compasses, but Lukas notices and confronts her. the kids start to fight, and Elle uses her powers to separate Lucas and Mike rather violently. Lucas is fine, but L gets freaked out anyway, and runs off. once on her own, she shoplifts some of her favorite snack food, Eggo waffles, because it's not stranger things unless you're fondly remembering products. nancy and jonathan go searching in the woods for the monster, and they find a wounded deer that's dragged away by an unseen force. following the bloody trail, nancy finds a fleshy portal in the base of a tree and briefly enters the upside down. yeah, I'm sure there's a metaphor somewhere about teenagers and the dangers of exploring unfamiliar, fleshy portals, but we have a lot of ground to cover, so let's just move on listening for Jonathan's voice. Nancy finds her way back, and they go back to Nancy's house to recover, where Steve spots them together through the window. Steve is upset, but in fairness, he doesn't really know about the real-life demons yet. across town, Hopper tells Joyce about his recent discoveries. together they track down Terry Ives, whom Hopper has discovered was a subject of freaky drug experiments the lab conducted years earlier. this woman, Terry, Ives. she claims to have lost her daughter, Jane. she sued Brenner, she sued the government. when they find her, she's in a catatonic state and can't tell them anything. according to her sister Becky, after the mind-control study, she was told that she had a miscarriage. she didn't know she was pregnant at the time. Harper puts together that she actually gave birth to 11, who demonstrated special abilities and was kept at the lab in secret. all the kids go out searching for one another, only to be chased by both bullies and dr. Brenner's goons who were riding around undercover. and Hawkins power and light vans. 11 brakes Troy, the bully's arm, and flips one of Brenner's vans over, exerting herself in the process. a flashback reveals that she was the one who initially opened the portal to the upside down during one of dr. Brenner's experiments. so who's the real monster after all? oh wow. she admits it. 11 needs an isolation tank to concentrate her powers and find will and barbs. so they create one using a kiddie pool once in the empty void between worlds 11, zero in on Barb's desiccated corpse. Barb's desiccated corpse, by the way, also a great name for a grindcore band. she then finds will in the upside down version of Castle buyers. hopper and Joyce break into the lab, hoping to use the portal to go after will, but they're captured at the same time. Nancy and Jonathan go after the monster, which the kids have nicknamed the dimma Gorgon, after Dungeons and Dragons. hey, there, kids, this is a lot to process. Brenner says he needs Joyce and hoppers help to defeat the monster. he sends them into the upside down wearing special suits to protect them from the toxic atmosphere. Brenner assumes the monster will just kill them, solving his little police chief and hysterical mother problem. boy, it's not gonna happen. but instead, they successfully locate upside-down Castle buyers, but will is nowhere to be found. and the search continues. Steve shows up in the buyers house and finds Nancy and Jonathan plotting to kill the dimma Gorgon. oh, and he's bruised because he and Jonathan got into a fight, and there was some graffiti. and honestly, none of that matters at all. right now, he helps them catch the creature in a bear trap and light it on fire. but when the fire goes out, the dimma Gorgon is gone. hiding out at the school gives Mike and 11 more of a chance to connect. he invites you to stay with his family when all the demon slaying is over, and they share their first kiss. uh-huh. Brenner's men find them, but Elle uses her powers to fight back, draining her, I don't know, a level meter or whatever. just when all hope seems lost, the blood from all the murdered folks attracts the demagogue and it attacks Brenner, killing him. 11 uses the last of her power to make it disappear, and vanishes herself in the process. back in the upside-down, Joyce and hopper find will, who has vines and tendrils growing inside of him. they pull out the gunk and perform CPR to save his life. a month later, mike has kept his basement setup for 11:00 and hope she'll return someday. Nancy gives Jonathan a new camera for Christmas, but stays with Steve. turns out she makes all romantic decisions based solely on monster fighting ability. hopper leaves Eggo waffles in the forest for 11:00, but she doesn't even have a toaster in the woods. hop this is a bad gift. and in the final sequence, will goes to the bathroom and coughs up a black slug. he wisely decides not to tell anyone. okay, probably fine. I wouldn't sweat it. season two picks up in October 1984, a little less than one year after the vomiting slug incident. of course, a new season means new characters. most notably, there's the boys new classmate, the beguiling max Mayfield. they hit it off right away. max has a not very nice older stepbrother, Billy Hargrove, you're a piece of [ __ ]. but we're family now, whether we like it or not, meaning I'm stuck looking out for you. he's a big hit with the ladies, and, honestly, also the guys. Plus, Joyce has a new boyfriend, longtime Hawkins resident and local radioshack manager, Bob Newby. you gotta find the RFP one you with coaxial cable so you can connect the video engine. Wow. we also meet a private investigator and former journalist named Marie Baumann who has been hired by Barb's parents to look into her disappearance. he's heard wild stories about 11:00 and suspects some kind of communist conspiracy. hey, remember the 80s? this girl, she's some kind of a Russian weapon, right? hopper gets a call from a local pumpkin patch where the crops have all mysteriously rotted. before long, more local farms are infected. and you've got to wonder if this is gonna pay off later. meanwhile, Nancy and Steve are closer than ever, but she's remained close friends with Jonathan after their season one experiences. Nancy, feeling guilty, wants to tell Barb's parents everything about what happened. we're going to find out barb, but Steve tells her not to, fearing the government coming back for them. they put us in jail, okay? or worst, he could destroy her. oh, and hopper hasn't told anyone, but 11 is alive, back in town, and being kept hidden and safe in a remote cabin. after defeating the demo gorgon 11, was able to escape the upside-down, but realize the police and government agents on the right side up. we're still on her trail. oh, you don't have your own remote cabin? weirdo. dinner first, then dessert. she's antsy to go see your friends, particularly Mike, but hopper says it's not safe. know the rules. while hanging at the arcade, will has a vision of a huge storm on the horizon, and then later he sees a massive spider-like creature approaching town. so he's definitely still connected to the upside-down. somehow, a concerned hopper, will and Joyce visit Hawkins lab and meet dr. Brenner's replacement, dr. Sam Owens. what's your favorite candy? desert island candy, if you had to pick one. yeah. okay. he doesn't seem at all like a manipulative conspirator trying to win you over with false kindness. I'm on your side. having said that, it does appear that Owens and his team are trying to contain the portal to the upside down, rather than experiment with it like team Oh Dean was doing. will tells dr. Owens that during his vision at the arcade, he sensed a presence that wanted to kill everyone but him. the kids go to school on Halloween, justice ghostbusters, and it goes over great, so well, in fact, that Billy tries to run over Mike Lucas and Dustin was his car. later they all go out trick-or-treating, and even convinced max to come along. nearby, Nancy gets drunk at a Halloween party and tells off, Steve, you don't love me. ultimately, it's Jonathan who brings her home. and there's definitely something there between them. but you know what they say, once you go, Steve, it's hard to leave. nailed it as an eventful October. thirty-first draws to a close, Dustin finds a creature in the garbage, which he names d'Artagnan, or dart for short, because it likes Three Musketeers bars, and because all thirteen year olds love literary references. the following day, eleven leaves the cabin and goes looking for Mike at school. the game concludes that dart is from the upside down, and also that he's gross, which is unfortunate, because almost right away, he grows extra legs and escapes. during the search, 11 shows up at school, sees Mike with max, assumes they're together and gets jealous. ah, to be young, psionic and in love. a bit later, will finds dart in the bathroom. but the encounter triggers another flash to the upside down, where the huge, spider like monster chases the boy and seemingly possesses him. Joyce and Will's friends find him mid episode in a field near the school. okay, that totally freaked me out. once he's back at home, will tells his mother more about the monster. he also starts acting kind of strange. know what? he likes it cold. will speak out, continues, so Joyce calls in the big guns. will draws them a series of crazy intersecting lines, which Hopper connects to the dead pumpkins point. then Bob goes one step further. it's a map of Hawkins. later, while cleaning up the cabin, eleven finds hoppers file and Terry Ives reaching out psychically. she realizes Terry is her mother, and here's her real name. for the first time, Nancy and Jonathan go to tell Barb's parents about what they know, but her confronted by government agents and brought to dr. Owens. Pleasanton. here is it. he shows them the open portal and says it's his job to ensure the secrecy of what happened. then Owens lets them go, which was maybe a mistake, because, wouldn't you know, they recorded everything. yeah, that's what I said. speaking of unfortunate mistakes, a much larger dart eats Dustin's cat. monsters, they grow up so fast. while inspecting the already expansive supernatural tunnels underneath Hawkins, hopper is sprayed by demon spores and loses consciousness. he comes to it begins vomiting black sludge, much like I did when I tried original recipe for Loco. Mike encourages will to use his connection to the upside down to let them track what they're now calling the shadow monster, like a spy, no, a super spot spying on the shadow monster. well, except when they also call it the mine flier. the hell is that it's a monster from an unknown dimension. my god, none of this is real. this is a kids game. 11 visits her mom and aunt, but can't get Terry to speak with her. eventually, she's able to connect to some of her mother's memories using the television. stop talking. yeah, I'm the narrator. that's my job. anyway, eleven interest Terry's mind and sees her own birth, and Terry breaking into Hawkins lab in an unsuccessful attempt to free her but Terry was captured by dr. Brenner, whose team wiped her mind using electroshock treatment. you know, I'm starting to think this dr. Brenner was not a very nice guy. on a journey of their own, Nancy and Jonathan find Murray and tell him about barb. like all responsible cranks, he believes them right away. I believe you. but that's not the problem. you don't need me to believe you need them to believe. they decide to make this story less fantastical so it's more likely to be accepted by the public. everyone will not their heads and say, see ha, I know it. Nancy and Jonathan spend the night at Marie's as they make watered-down copies of their Hawkins lab tape to mail around to the press. but nothing happens. you guys. come on. oh yeah. okay, something happens. Jonathan, that was the pullout. about as uncomfortable as your interest in the sex lives of high-school students. at the lab, dr. Owens finds that the upside down is leaking into our world by analyzing samples of Hawkins soil, you know, just the basics, Euler graph. it's a simple enough procedure. he postulates that everything from the upside down is connected via a hive mind. will uses his powers to locate hopper, whom they venture into the upside down to rescue. right? while they search, the team from Hawkins lab find hopper and free him by burning more tendrils. this also hurts will, who's still connected to the hive mind, so they take him back to the lab because this sounds like a lab kind of problem. meanwhile, is still growing. dart escapes Dustin's house, so he goes on the hunt along with Steve. dr. Owen shows Hopper the gate to the upside down, which has grown considerably. they want to burn it, but are afraid that would kill will, who eventually wakes up, but has no memories of the past year, not even Bob, who could forget Bob? Steve and his crew managed to Laura and dart. but he is a with other adolescent dimma Gorgons, or demo dogs for short, Emma dogs, like Emma Gorgon and dog. so you put them together, it sounds pretty badass. how is this important? right now? they corner the kids in a discarded School Bus, before apparently being called away. they're going somewhere at Hawkins lab. will agrees to help lab workers map the upside down. but this is actually reverse double-bluffed trap laid by the shadow monster working through will. he thinks he's so smart it made me do it. the soldiers are killed by dart and his fellow demagogues. meanwhile, through her mother's memories, xi realizes that there were other kids being held with her in the lab. in the series most divisive and controversial episode to date, xi uses her powers to track one of them, Cali, to a rundown industrial area in Chicago. Cali, who has 0:08 on her wrists, also has a power. she can create powerful illusions in people's minds. she teaches xi to channel her powers by focusing on her rage, which is not Yoda's method, but still seems effective. kali and her collective of eighty stereotypes, like to track down and get revenge on former hawkins lab staffers, including this guy, ray Carroll, who helped torture Elevens mom. when they find him, ray tells them that dr. Brenner is still alive. also, xi sees a photo of him and his family and starts to have second thoughts about doing murder. xi uses her powers to stop the k team from hurting. ray, sensing that mike and hopper are in danger, xi quit sir Callie's Angels spin-off and returns to Hawkins to save them. meanwhile, back in the series stranger things, everyone's reunited at the lab, but it's been overrun with dimma dogs. Bob leaves the group to flip the power back on because Jurassic Park doesn't come out for nine more years, and he clearly doesn't know how dangerous this is. [Music]. so he's dead. everyone else gets away. it hides at the buyers house. we stay here and we wait for him. we'll still under the control of the shadow monster, aka the mind flayer, aka the big spider thing. uses Morse code to communicate the message closed gate. these are some resourceful kids. the demo dogs figure out where they're hiding, but 11 shows up just in time to fend them off. 11 belief she has the power to close the gate for good. I can do it. so she and hopper return to the lab. once they arrive, hopper and 11 find a severely injured doctor Owens, who sort of tacitly agrees to help her lead a more normal life, if they all survive. 1111. Owens, Billy shows up at the buyers place looking for max, and picks a fight with Steve. you see, kids, he's a bully because his dad bullies him. yes, sir. it's a vicious cycle. anyway, max knocks him out with a sedative, and the kids steal his car. their plan is to burn the underground tunnels and distract the dimma dogs. they encounter dart once more, but Dustin manages to call them enough to allow their escape. meanwhile, Joyce, Jonathan and Nancy expose will to extreme heat, expelling the mind flare from his body. eleven and hopper make it to the gate, and she uses her powers to close it. oh, she went full Dark Phoenix. you've never go full Dark Phoenix. this kills all the remaining demo Gorgons demo. Dogg's demo tapes, democracy demo, just about everything. a month later, Nancy and Jonathan's tape is picked up by the National Press. so Hawkins lab is shut down and barb is given a funeral. Owens has forged a birth certificate for eleven, formally renaming her Jane and indicating that she's hoppers daughter. okay, but he's definitely still going to kill everyone on weyland-yutani behalf. eventually, I'm on to this guy. all the kids, including 11 / Jane, attend the school's annual snowball. Max and Lucas like each other. Nancy throws the lonely Dustin a pity dance. mic and 11 pick up where they left off. and everything seems nice, until we see in the upside down that the mind flare is still alive at thirsty for more. and that's it. all you need to know about stranger things before watching the third season. in fact, probably a lot more than you need to know about stranger things before watching the third season. psychic girl helps some suburban kids fight monsters from an alternate dimension. you know, actually, that would've been almost as good as this summer. okay, consider that a. cram it for this. cram it now. go catch up on some homework. you've nutty kids. this episode was sponsored by rocket leagues. radical summer, a nine week in-game event celebrating all things 80s, including free items, new modes and premium DLC play now through August 12th. 