[Music]. while there is a lot to say about mortal kombat, mortal kombat 2021 is a reboot of the mortal kombat franchise. so everything you need to know about mortal kombat will all be clarified in this explanation. so there is a total of eight realms in mortal combat, out of which we will know about three realms in this movie. the first realm is the earth itself, means earth realm. the second is the outworld. and the third realm is the nether realm, that is hell of the mortal combat world. the current boss of outworld, shang tsung, wants to defeat the champions on earth to take over the earth. because as per the rules of mortal combat, if you want to win on any realm, then you have to win from the champion of that realm. every champion has a special power of their own, which they call arcana. so the movie begins in 17th century japan, where we see hanzo hasashi and his family, including his wife, his son and a newly born daughter. hanzo hisashi was the leader of his clan, and his clan always protected him and his family. now here, hanzo goes to get water from a nearby well. and his wife and children are in the house. only then, in hanzo's absence, there comes an outworld assassin named b han whose job was to kill the champion of the earth, hanzo. he comes there with his clan and attacks hanzo's clan as well as his family. but somehow hanzo's wife hides her daughter. only then bihan comes there and asks his wife about hanzo, but his wife doesn't tell him anything. here, hanzo senses bihan's presence and understands that his family's life is in danger. he reaches his house, but by then it was too late. bihan had killed his wife and child by freezing them with ice. hanzo becomes furious at the death of his family and starts killing b han's clan one by one. hanzo kills all his men. after this, bihan appears in front of him. they have a very dangerous fight in which they give each other a tough fight. but bihan somehow manages to defeat hanzo. and before dying, hanzo tells bihan to remember his face. with this. bihan kills hanzo with hanzo's own blade and leaves from there. but after some time, we get to know that hanzo is still alive. and he somehow tries to go to his daughter. but then he dies. and also his body catches fire, and he vanishes to hell, that is in netherrealm. after this comes lord raiden, the god of lightning, who is the protector of the earth realm. he takes hanzo's daughter, who was the only hanzo's heir, with him. the story then comes to the present, where we learn that outworld has won nine out of ten mortal combat tournaments in a row. and now, with just one win, outworld will rule the earth realm. now, the leader of the outworld, shang tsung, orders his champion to find and kill earthrealm's champions who have the dragon mark on them, so that when the mortal combat tournament begins, earth realms will have no option to win. after this, we see a mma fighter named cole young on earth, who is living a normal life with his wife and daughter. but he always had visions of hanzo, but he did not know why all this is happening to him. now shang tsung orders b han who now calls himself sub-zero. after which sub-zero arrives on earth to kill earth's champion, cole. cole is unaware that he has been selected as a champion of earth realm. well here, sub-zero attacks cole and his family with his power. but then at the last moment, special forces agent jax comes there and saves them. he is also a champion because he also has a dragon mark on his body, which he got when he killed a man with dragonmark during a mission, due to which his dragonmark was transferred to his body. he takes them away, but it was not so easy to get rid of sub-zero. so jax asks cole to take his car and go to his friend sonia. and jack himself stops there to fight with sub-zero so that cole can get time to escape. but sub-zero was too strong, so he breaks jack's hands by freezing them, and leaves him there to die. on the other hand, cole leaves his family at home and meets jack's companion, sonja, at her place, where sonja tells him about the history of mortal kombat and tells whoever has the dragon marks has been chosen as the champions of the earth. and if someone kills a person with a dragon mark, then his dragon mark transfers to the person who killed him. now, cole does not believe in all these things, but sonia tells that he has not been attacked just like that. but the reason for this is the dragon's mark on his body. that's when we see that sonja has tied a man named kano there, because kano had killed a champion, which had transferred a dragon mark on him. that is, he is now a champion too. while cole and sonia are still talking about mortal kombat, shang tsung's reptile monster, who is named saizoth, suddenly appears to kill them, and had the power to disappear. sonia injures saizoth with her knife, and kano meanwhile frees himself by melting his handcuffs with saisoth saliva, which was like acid. with this, kano helps them fight saizoth, and straightaway kills saizoth by inserting his hand into seisoth's chest and taking out his heart. after this, cole, sonja and kano then decide to leave for lord raiden's temple. but kano flatly refuses to go. then sonja lures him 3 million after which kano agrees, but he did not know that sonia was lying to him about 3 million. well, they now head to the temple of raiden, where all the champions of earth are trained. now as soon as they reach there, they first meet lou kong, and then with kung lao, they also meet jax there, who now has iron hands, seeing which jax is not happy at all. raiden is very disappointed to see them. now, because there was not much time left for the tournament, and these guys did not have any special power. then shang tsung comes there with his team to kill all the champions before the tournament. but it was wrong to do so. raiden protects the entire temple with a shield so that no warrior of the shang sung can get inside. shang tsung goes back by saying that this trick will not work for long. now after this, both the cousins, kung lao and lu kong, start training cole kano and jax, so that they can get their power, that is arcana. because without them, no champion was of any use. and kung lao and lu kong had already achieved their arcana. now sonia also wanted to be a part of their team, but she is kept away from the training ground because her body did not have a dragon mark. on the very first day of training, cole and kano give up because they can't stand in front of them. while sonia starts training jax on how to use his artificial hands. when they were having meals, kano asks kung lao to pass the egg roll, to which kung lao starts telling him that he is like a dog who is not able to do his training properly. kano gets very angry after hearing this, and he starts saying bad things to everyone, due to which kano's anger touches the sky, and one of his eyes starts turning red, after which a laser beam comes out of his eye. that is because of this fight, kano's arcana was unleashed. he got his power. but cole and jax still had to unlock their power. now, cole tells raiden that he probably won't be able to help because he doesn't have any special powers, and the dragon mark he has is also by birth. hearing this, raiden tells him that he is a descendant of a great warrior, hanzo hasashi, and that the little girl he saved was his ancestor, because of which the blood of hisashi is running inside him. but cole says that he has to protect his family. after which raiden opens a portal, through which cole returns to his family, to his home. on the other hand, shang tsung was planning to attack the raiden temple, but breaking that shield was not so easy. that's why cabal, who was a warrior of shang tsung, says that if we include kano in our team, then champions of earth can be easily defeated. they do the same. after which cabal takes the opportunity to go outside raiden temple and lures kano that if he joins their team, he can get everything he wants. hearing this, the greedy kano agrees to cabal and breaks the shield of the temple, after which shang tsung and its team reach there. now shang tsung orders his warriors to kill everyone. natara a, shang tsung's warrior tries to kill kung lao, but kung lao kills her with his hat. here, kano attacks sonja and jax. on the other side, we see that cole is with his wife and daughter. but there comes a shang tsung's warrior, guro, who was a huge, four-handed monster. he attacks cole and tries to kill him. but to save him, his wife attacks girl with an axe. after which guro is about to kill his wife, but before that, cole unlocks his arcana, after which his body gets covered with an armor, and then he becomes very powerful. cole stands up and attacks guro. there is a long fight between the two, after which cole makes a weapon with his armor. and with the same weapon, he first cuts one of goro's hands and then kills him by cutting and tearing him apart. just then a portal opens their back to the raiden temple, after which cole says that he has to go because it's not over yet. here, molina was about to kill sonia, but before that, she comes to know that sonja is just a common person and she does not have any dragon mark. that is why she leaves from there, leaving sonja live. but kano uses his laser beam to drop a stone from an idol on sonia, in which she gets buried. jax tries hard to lift the stone to save her, but he did not have the strength to lift that stone. he feels very bad about this and starts getting very angry. after which suddenly his arcana also wakes up, and he gets very powerful arms, after which he very easily lifts that big stone and throws it. then cole and lord raiden reach there. raiden now teleports everyone to the void to save all the champions. but then sub-zero hits cole and stops him from leaving. in kung lao intervenes to save him and saves cole with his hat. now cole escapes, but shang tsung pours his anger on kung lao and begins to eat kung lao's soul. and the rest of the champions are unable to do anything to save kung lao. after this, the remaining people get teleported to void. everyone is feeling very sad about kung lao's death. jax asks lord raiden that he is a lord, so why didn't he save kung lao? to which raiden tells them that all the gods can't join the fight between any two realms. his job is to protect earth realm, but he can't save all the people of earth. that's when cole says that everything is not over yet. and that they will fight and defeat them. raiden then gives coal the ancestral blade of hasashi's, that is kanai, and says that hanzo's spirit will definitely help him. now cole makes a plan. he says that they will fight separately from all those warriors, and after that, all together will face sub-zero, as he is the most powerful. now, according to this plan, lord raiden teleports them all to the outworld. their cole faces molina, liu kong faces cabal, and jax faces raco. their fight goes on for a long time, in which lu kong and jax manage to kill their respective opponents. on the other hand, in earth realm, sonia comes to kill kano because he betrayed them and he was not even worthy of the dragon mark. now here, kano was overpowering her, but sonia was also a capable soldier of the special forces. so easily she was not going to give up. she somehow manages to kill kano, after which his dragon mark was now entitled sonia. so she gets kano's dragon mark, and now she was also a champion. now she comes straight to the outworld, after which she helps cole and kills molina with her power. when shang tsung learns that most of his warriors are killed, he sends sub-zero to earth to kill cole's family. after which he kidnaps cole's family and freezes them in the ice. now cole comes to the place where his family was kidnapped, but luckily, sub-zero had not killed them yet. he starts trying to get both of them out of the ice, after which sub-zero attacks coal, and a fight starts between them. but sub-zero was too powerful, and he hits coal a lot. but only then he remembers hanzo's blade and attacks sub-zero with it. sub-zero gets shocked seeing hanzo's blade, and he tries to kill coal with the same blade. but this causes cole's blood to fall on the blade, after which hanzo's soul is freed from hell and comes to earth realm. and now hanzo had become scorpion that is much more powerful than before. well, scorpion starts fighting with sub-zero and asks him that, do you remember this face? now both cole and scorpion start fighting with sub-zero, and finally, scorpion burns sub-zero in the fire. of hell because scorpion had got control of hellfire by staying in hell. scorpion frees cole's daughter and wife from the ice and tells cole to take care of his bloodline. after which scorpion leaves from there. then the rest of the champions and lord raiden also arrive there. and suddenly shang tsung also reaches there. now all his warriors were killed, so he starts sending his warrior's body to the outworld and says that next time he will return again with his army. before hearing more chatter, raiden makes a lightning attack on him, after which shang tsung runs away from there. after this, raiden tells all the champions that we have won this battle, but the coming battle will be even more dangerous than this, so we have to be ready, for which we will have to collect more warriors. now we see that cole is going to hollywood, at the behest of raiden, to find johnny cage, because perhaps he has also been chosen as the champion of earth. that is, he must have a dragon mark on his body too. and the movie ends here. thanks for watching. please do not forget to like, comment and subscribe. you 