there's sometimes, without knowing it, I felt like maybe I never made you. oxy, okay, Mike. applause. hey guys. we were back breaking down another episode of true detective season three. this is episode four, and it's exactly halfway through season three. yes, eight episodes. you know that means, what does that mean? make sure you're subscribed so you don't miss any of these. brick in all seriousness, though, we'll have four more breakdowns left, and you're not gonna want to miss any of them, because this season, it's pretty damn good. I'm loving it. I'm really, really digging it right now, again, spoiler alert, so watch the episode first, then come on back here. now, episode 4 is titled the hour and the day. Greg, I think it has to do with time and memory. I didn't get that at all. now, that title also might sound familiar, because the day in the hour was a title of a French film in the 60s, and it dealt with some drama during the war as well. this is post war, obviously. but, you know, ok. so we start off in the 80s, where our true detectives are off on a case. now, from just the photo of will, if they take it off to where apparently they found out who took the photo. was the priest at this church. yeah. the priest obviously leads the church there, but he also takes photos of all the kids during their first communion. and will was one of the people that he took a photo of. now, the tricky thing here, was the really suspicious thing here, we won his eyes closed. yes, eyes were closed in that shot. but when when the detectives talked to him about that, he was kind of surprised, or he played it off like he was surprised that wills eyes were closed. so he might be blinking or something. yeah, yeah, he might be blinking. yeah. okay. at the same time, read, Harry, I'm screaming red hair in here. this is now. okay. we had it like big business last episode. this time the church, the church is involved, of course. right now, the priest does bring up one significant point here, and it's when Roland and hey Wayne ask him about the last time they spoke with the kids. and he said that Julie was really excited about hanging with one of her aunts. she doesn't have one. she doesn't have an auntie. hmm. so someone's lying. either the priest is lying that Julie said that, or Julie herself obviously was lying about spending time with someone who was not her aunt, but someone perhaps, someone that was hanging out with her in the woods and meeting up with her. I don't like him, the priest. I know his alibis good, but I don't like him. we're still in the 80s. but now they found out who made those dolls, those corn husk dolls. patty old neighbor, you know, graceful, yes. dream week. I dream Lee, closed-minded and racist. yeah, yeah. any chance you mentioned where they live? no, well, I'll just assume that would have been with the rest of them over the tracks and Davis junction. and she particularly, she remembers selling them right before Halloween, in October. it's and she sold a few that day. and then she remembers like, selling like a whole bunch. there's one guy, there was this one person, no, really excited about these straw dolls. I mean, who knows what? remember the person that did come in contact with Julie, right? gave her a doll on Halloween night. mm-hmm. and then the pretty same person that's scattering them around the body of will along the path to find will. and then again, with the toys around the woods. so, man, if it is one person or a group of, Peter, a pair of people, they, they have a vast supply of these dolls. I think, I think they, maybe Julie had them all and put on it. I don't know that. I'm confused by that part, as in, like, did they, this person give it to just random kids? mm-hmm. and Julie had a truckload of them? doubtful. I feel like, again, this is something where someone's planting something to someone off the side. yeah, nothing about his face, besides that handsome, ugly, like I say, he was black. so racist patty did identify a black man with a dead eye, that, uh, who was giving these dolls, apparently to his niece and nephews. so I get on, you know, here we go. yeah, the second type of relationship. mm-hmm. all right. we'll see how this goes. I just don't, I don't, I don't know, we're if I would follow this path with the dolls though. I mean, let's remind ourselves right now, like, you you do it with me every single week. it's like everyone and anyone can be lying at any point? yes. I mean, it get anyone they talked to in they interrogate Kevin, just fibbing it, totally lied, yes. and the writers do a great job of just putting everything out there to make you think, oh, this could be it. this could be it. they're just putting every clue that I can in game. you trust some you you want to trust, and then you're like second-guessing them. and then just, you you you don't know who to trust at any one point. honestly, almost every character you see on screen, you can make an argument that they might have done it in some way, except for Rowling, cuz he's awesome. not gonna lie. the first few episodes with Rowling, I thought, okay, he's a pretty cool character, but now I can trust that man with my life. after this episode, oh, the speared working after Lou you got his love brother. now we get to see in the 90s with Wayne and Amelia, where they're having their argument, and every part of that scene just got better and better and better with the acting. is just the escalation and how it just ends with what sex? yeah. okay. okay. it works. that's the only way they know how to kind of fix their problems currently, you can tell the relationships really built on a lot of ego driven on both sides. yes, heard her wanting to, you know, become this great writer and all the stuff that she's doing in her life, at him just kind of not satisfied with where he is in life at the 9u9, jealousy. we don't know what, we don't know exactly what went down to get him off the case. and, you know, and now behind a desk job, now it's reopened, and he's kind of like, hey, give me a shout-out, back on it. she's on me back on and he's like, oh, great. I'm happy for you. you know, remember, this is, apparently, it's the same that it's like, the very next day, since they got an argument before and you threw the book on the floor, so it makes sense now he's like, hey, hey, I got it. I went back out there and got my job. and she's like, come on. and it was a really good dichotomy from how we see how they were on their fur State, and how quickly, yes, they got to know each other, and how how fast they kind of sped up. that remember, even at the bar, when they were talking to each other, they literally kind of shared some things that they probably never shared with a lot of people, just to kind of speed up that getting-to-know-you phase of their relationship. and then now we see kind of the fractures and fissures underneath this relationship. years later, stop talking [ __ ] about me or what I want to start crying. that's a first. so they meet Sam Whitehead under not the best situation, to say the least. it gets rough very quickly, ya know. so physically, who matches the description, right? like, yes, he does. and you're like, this guy match the description, but, um, Sam, seems nothing close to what the person would be like, no. and this is just, again, poor guy is working just multiple jobs. a black guy with a scar, I think, or you're dead on it, this is where they're leading you down. then usually someone earlier in that, in that chain, is lying, yes, because there's no way that this guy is the killer. well, he does say that there's a lot of people, even in the trailer park, that have messed up limbs and could have another eye, like right in he was speaking on a much larger issue about police brutality, and obviously the segregate, the segregation and the racial tension that was going on in the city, in the state, in the country at the time. so, you know, he he was speaking a much larger thing. and quickly he gets, you know, support from his neighbors of, hey, look at these cops. they're trying to, you know, frame me for something I didn't do. and then you start to think, oh, is this like season one, or we certainly going down that path of, like, the long take. are they gonna have a shootout here? but then these detectives are smart. they know better. you can trust them. do you not want to escalate this, Davis? no, they do not. and they escalated quickly, even to the point where roll winds a little pissed off. what happens to his car? there's way man want to shoot somebody, don't take it personally. well, that's [ __ ] perfect. there is also some more subtle tension between Wayne and some of the inhabitants of the trailer park as well, you know, looking at him like, how can you become this uncle to lease officer and on their side and taken in an innocent black man, you know, 4-under note with no evidence to prove it? and you know clearly that he'll was also the reason why they got out there, out of there safely? yes, he was. and I do like the last exchange they had where they're like, so we're gonna just say it's some random fee, that this is the car, right? because they know the place to come back and burn that to town to the ground if they actually said anything. so I do, like appreciate that same. can we say this was an animus bandhas. we're not going with irate Negroes. so in the 2015 timeline, Wayne obviously took some interest into the case. you know, he still wants to figure out what the hell happened, but now he's kind of officially, you know, putting his hat in the mix, literally going to the Arkansas State Police Station and asking his son, Henry, who works there, to investigate, to help him investigate and find some other details. when Scannell aggressive, he is. but the thing I did that though, is the big thing out of that is really that rolling, he still be alive. they don't know what happened to his character yet. at least we know that, again, they didn't have a big issue. there's no we don't know yet what happened. he needs rolling, because rollin might be able to help him remember the stuff that he missed remembers, yes, but his son is probably going to walk into something that he probably does not want to walk into. now, in the 1990 timeline, when they officially open up the Purcell case, when they reopen it up, rolling West is now a lieutenant, and the prosecutors offer the prosecute, the County Prosecutor is now the Attorney General of Arkansas. yes, I notice a fun little detail on the wall of lieutenant Roland Williams office photo with Hill Clinton. yes? because Arkansas, Arkansas governor. and then would be running for office for the presidency the year after that. nice, knowing clearly Roland wes is a big shot. he's role in the best circles right now. all right, again, Roland West, I didn't see no one-eyed brother. I'll tell you this, there's some serious ass up in here. I got to get back to church. now they have a mandate for opening this case. indicate the conviction for will per cells. yeah, that's it, right? it wasn't to find the truth behind the actual murderer, or to find out what's going on with Julie, even though fingerprints popped up of hers and she's still alive. it was to just prove that they were right in their conviction in the 80s. sure. okay, well, it's, well, we'll get on that. yeah. clearly our true detectives. they do not want to follow that, actually. you know what I feel like Wayne does not want to follow that. but we don't know if, possibly, Roland may, he may decide to go that route in the end. so I that's true. he does say, he does tell Wayne everything he wants to hear. like, we're not really do that, but he made Roland says, no, not at all. I'm with you, basically. and we have our own little thing. but we don't really know Roland's true intentions. yes, not yet, at least. and the same time, we don't really know what happened again, in the 80s - cause this event. so I feel like both stories and 90s and 80s, they're reaching this point where at some point where they're gonna, we're gonna find out what happened to Wayne and role in in both of those scenarios, and then we'd open, hopefully, 2014-15. yeah, I know exactly what happened throughout all those years. they're not further hope, officer, that you might use this new role to redeem and unfortunately stunted career. I'm committed to fulfilling the mandates just described as sir. now, can I just say that the Attorney General is a complete dick like mock, openly mocking Wayne to his face. yes, something really bad happened in the 80s, after everything was all said and done, after the conviction. because it completely hurt Wayne's career and lifted up Rowland's. I think they're also just displaying the racism at play there to see, the second they come in there, they don't. they don't even acknowledge him. so write him in the dick head, bald cop to the side of him there. same thing, don't acknowledge him. and also, this is the writers just, again, another chance to say they maybe the police had something to do with it. keeps you extremely suspicious on the prosecutor's office, the politicians in this city, bad guy. they're mean, something's up with them. it's just the writer saying, don't trust everyone. you never know what's going on. it could be them to get big business Church. now, the police. now, you and I have questioned Amelia quite a bit in these breakdowns. now, just has a really particular line in a conversation with Wayne that kind of piqued my interest, when she talks about, if that wills body, it seemed like someone whoever was dealing who killed him and laid him to rest, what the heck with care how you saying the toys? it's almost as if there was an element of affection in it, don't you think? people who are kids thinking themselves as having affection for the children? yeah, some affection was used young when they kind of laid him to rest and put all the dolls around him and laid him down there. what prank with prank-ins? mm-hmm. it made me even more suspicious of her. aye, aye, you're not wrong. like, again, for everyone at home, you're not wrong to think that Amelia may have done it. there's a lot of clues here for that. but I just, I feel like she's the number one for the riders, like card we're gonna see. she's the one we're gonna hold up there and make you think she did it, she did it, and then drop it at the last second. now, we're still in the 80s, and Tom Purcell is not doing well. yeah, just goes to show how both the parents deal with this cos x catastrophe. they're their children could, or could possibly bones, be dead. yeah. what's this? anyone's missing? presumed dead at the 80s. so it's just a horrible time in their lives. yes, good press charges on it, Tom. lot of sympathise what your family's going through. now, what I do like about those scenes with the parents is we're seeing something where Wayne is eliminated from the equation here. we're just seeing the relationships build between Tom and role, in which I'm loving this relationship, by the way. and then also the relationship, well, short lives, relationship with Amelia and Lucy. now, in that one particular scene at the bar, when Tom gets into a little bar fight, a little scuffle, you know, he's wasted at the bar, he does say one thing, he reveals one thing to the cops when rollin shows up. and we're all in, like you said, Rowland's. yeah. Rowland's is like, kind of like Guardian a kind of helping him, like making sure that he, he doesn't fall too far down that hole. look out for him. yeah, he does say that Lucy, his wife, was sleeping with the her boss, and Hoyt foods. now we don't know which boss. we don't know what were the hierarchy. this is where I'm going. I'm following, hilariously, very suspicious, not Emilia. I'm following Hoyt. she was working in here. we saw the Hoyt bag and in the closet. you know, we know the influence that such a company would have in this small town. and she's sleeping with someone, a man in power, in a position of power, at hide foods. now, to further that theory, during that exchange with Amelia, the last part of that scene involves again, Lucy. she's freaking out. she looks like she's it up up just about to admit something. she's like, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm telling you, something's going on here with the boss and Hoyt. I think we should be following this direction for now on. that's just me. I have done it. now, speaking of creeps, let's go back to Dan O'Brien for a second, because we got a huge clue on him. he died in Mississippi, or he was maybe murdered in Mississippi. from the looks of it, they just found his remains, right? they just found his remains. a member before this, he kind of fell off the face of the earth, like they because they couldn't find him. they couldn't track him down. he went back home, and then there was nothing from singing. and then years later, they find his remains. so it it feels like he was murdered. maybe he's, I know some information that someone wanted to make sure he kept quiet. now we know all this information because Eliza told Wayne this in 2015. that was during their a little, a hotel, a little hotel rendezvous. now, there are two wineglasses. again, this is just set design, the writers, they're putting it in there. let you give you another is something is wrong here. even Wayne caught on to that. to who you spending time with? I'm thinking maybe Henry. I think Henry's could be sleeping around here. if you want to go anywhere out, but she's not Julie, so I'm not going down that right. or even it's like she's Julie's daughter or something. no, she could be sleeping around here, though. now, one question that was answered that I've seen floating around in the comments section, people have been wondering, how do they get the fingerprints of all these kids? how do they, you know, have this whole database? yes. now, apparently there was a program at school years before where they kind of printed every one and had a whole program, a database. were they, I don't know if I should say it's like a movie. yeah, we our class, we have to do that [ __ ] to their Pam Payne, the 90s. come on. we've, we've had to do those little videos and all that [ __ ] in the past. so, yes, I believe that we got hit on the bike. what? who that black Sunday teenager? what's then? Freddie burns. now, speaking of fingerprints, you call this one? hmm. Freddie Burton's on the bicycle, the stupid bike, of all things. and the thing is about fingerprints, you I know it's the 80s or so, but DNA is what you want here, the fingerprint, it can only take you so far, and it sometimes, it's not accurate. so, yeah, it just places him in the location at the time, right? yes, has a bike. who's messing with the rock. we know that he was messing around the bike. mhm. doesn't mean that he killed the poor kid. and we, and we soon learned that, after their interrogation, that he was not cut out to be a killer that he basically breaks down in front of the detectives. so, yeah, is not a killer. he was just a teenager that wanted to get drunk, and he wanted to like, just mess up, mess with the little kids, you know, and and steal their [ __ ] and then tell them to beat it and run away in the woods. I have a feeling it's is this. I see the line, Freddie, the one who goes to prison here. it kind of, it's going down that route. I wouldn't be surprised. now, another suspect that we have, Brett Woodard. a poor guy, could not catch a break. he's just trying to look to make a little side cash, you know, some some garbage and recyclables, you know, kick a little someone change to the kids. but one of those redneck dad sees him, and it basically mobilizes the troops. yeah, he obviously that was set up. he goes out there, talks to those kids. he was doing this year. he was like.he in front of the man's house to get him to go out. yeah, Brad, made you think you'd wanna, yeah, yeah. if he's baiting them, he's pissed off. and he's ready to set the trap. now, let's go back to 2015 with Wayne. he has hallucinations. my interpretation of that is those are probably the hallucinations of people he killed, repressed memories, yeah, repressed memories from that war. also, there's a one person in there who's doesn't look like he fought in the war. it's like in a suit, in a tie. yeah. but, and everyone's heads are looking down at the ground. yeah. I went back and thought, maybe it's that FBI agent from earlier in the case that was helping him out, knowing someone that he murdered and he covered up. maybe. yep. and I think that person hasn't been seen yet. I feel like we're going down Hoyt. I feel like this is that white stuff and hunting. he's going honey. and this is the guy he managed to catch, because obviously it looks like these are people he killed. yeah. and the significant thing about this whole hallucination is, at the same time, he's trying to remember details about what happened during the 1980s, in the 90s, and the real coordination is recording it. and he's looking at the report. there's a car out there following him. he just shows that his his mind is deteriorating. would all of the Alzheimer's is death? definitely just just getting up on him. Shaima, give made me somebody's wet. now, in the 90s, Wayne finally gets a little bit more evidence about the pharmacy robbery in huh. specifically, he wanted some surveillance video to see who was in the pharmacy, and if Julie was on which side of the pharmacy robbery. and after spending a long time sifting through that footage, he catches a glimpse of a woman that could be Julie. let's go back to Brett Woodard for a second. you were right. that bag ammo. he's loaded the ready to get away. they shot it in last episode. they wanted us to do this. he's like, it has to be a kid in there. and the way, if you watch, you watch how he was acting in that in that scene, they direct him, it's like, hold it like a body. hold it like a body, because and then then you see clearly it's just a bunch of guns, ak-47s, etcetera. yeah, but it was a fun little misdirection. but we could see the mile away, yeah. and so now he's got his, like Macaulay Culkin home alone house set up, ready to go for the hillbillies. and I can't wait for the next episode. all right, time now to shout out a couple theories that we like on true detectives reddit. yes, ready for this? I am. first one I like here is based on the title sequence of true detective season three. there's a shot of Wayne, and he's shirtless, and it looks like he's in the middle of the woods, and the fire fire around around the frame, almost as if like his clothing was on fire, or some evidence was on fire. and this comes from user MK r a. ste V, I really do like the idea of this is literally a scene or a moment when he does take matters into his own hands. yes, he covers up his own murder of someone. I keep again, I know it's not gonna happen, but Mikey, he does his trip to Africa and and goes hunting. but I think maybe the guy may be hunting in the Ozarks. uh-huh? yeah. I think the guy we saw at the end of this episode, in with all everyone from Vietnam, I have a feeling that's who he's trying to clean up, yeah. or maybe he finds out after listening to one of his recordings, and he uncovers the truth that he kind of told himself, you know, mementos. I hope that does pay off. I hope they those recordings or something does pay off, and we get back to that, and we find out, oh, there's a major clue. when he looks at someone will take possibly. now, another theory that we like is this one from Rael MOBOT. nice name. and this theory is that the farmhouse near the woods is actually owned by Hoyt. I like that, is that kind of, this is more of a smoking gun, if we get this at that point, I feel like, because now it's laden, oh, you brought the kids here. you giving them a treat you. it's off the map, uh-huh. no one knows about the spot, and it's, you know, that'll be majors. thank you, diet, staying there. and maybe they're using this area for kids of the community to kind of hang out, a hangout spot. remember, they lost them. I think it was a grandchild. the Hoyts lost a grandchild at a years before. maybe that's motive, you know, in a sick and twisted way to try to, you know, steal a key, bring in, bring in those that are in, you know, less fortunate situations. they're an abuse of their parents. are an abusive relationship. will in Anjuli. you know, maybe they wanted an escape. yeah. they probably told them about their family problems. at the same time though, remember, you know, Lucy's again seeing someone at Hoyt, and it could be someone else, just because, you know, gossip, things spread, and someone else could have taken advantage of that, too. now, this theory also brings up the Westing game, which was a mystery novel. and in that novel, the owner of the company actually, like, pretends to be somewhere else, off on a remote island, but he's not at all. maybe Hoyt never really went to Africa, that he's actually seriously been hiding in. who knows? he trying to be as off the mat, you know, you have a lot of money, you have a lot of power. I would love to go back to the community center. and then just cuts through, and you see one dude. it's Hawaii, but he's got a big fake mustache, alone or something stupid. it's not gonna happen that way. but I'd buy that. I'm liking this theory. I mean, thinking about it, right before Halloween, some guy in the middle of Arkansas just goes DUP Africa, on a safari for months at a time, going to Africa. goodbye everyone. I'm going back to my planet now. I have to go now. my planet needs me. Wow. poochy came from another planet, I guess. and maybe that Ozark children's outreach program is kind of using this area, this region the woods, as well as this home that's off the map that no one else knows about, as a kind of like hangout spot for these kids. it's very, very sick and twisted idea. but at the same time, I still go with the idea that maybe wills death, and this might have been an accident. okay, everyone. that's it for us over here. let us know your favorite theories in the comment section down below. not Emilia did it. do not put that down there. guys. make sure you subscribe, because they're gonna be able to. now, more breakdowns. we have four more coming up after this with the halfway point. like you said, to hit that subscribe button and come back, because if you don't, Greg is gonna make me watch season two, take it away. Frank something's trying to tell me that it's how paper-mache. someone's don't me to wake up. 