[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, aka sabina the teenage wren. and this video we're breaking down our theories on who sasha banks may be playing. when the trailer for the mandalorian season 2 dropped, there was a lot of speculation over who this figure was. and some people thought it was rosario dawson playing ahsoka. some people thought it was rosie o'donnell playing ash ketchum. and generally, there was a lot of stars experts who got it wrong, except for me, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. now, there are several characters that it could be, and we believe we've narrowed it down to the most likely candidates. throughout this video, we're gonna be going through them all and giving you the ins and outs that you need to know before they finally appear in the season. now, firstly, the most likely candidate that everyone thinks it is is sabine wren. in case you don't know, the rebels character was a mandalorian warrior that helped to spark up the rebellion, and she's an integral part of star wars lore, as well as being a warrior. ren was an artist that inspired many to join the rebel cause. and the character currently has a claim over the dark saber, which we know is in moth gideon's possession. now this is very important, as she has wielded it before. and if the show is slowly trying to bring everything together, it does make a lot of sense to have her appear in the season in order to help take down the imperial villain. season 1 was very much about mando making a network of allies to help him protect the child from the clutches of the imperial warlord. and this time around, it makes sense to bring people across that actually have a vested interest in his downfall. ren has a very long and rich history that actually makes her hate the empire in all forms. and this is because she was part of the imperial academy. growing up as a cadet, ren built weapons that she believed would be used to restore peace and order to the galaxy. however, these were instead used to oppress the people of mandalore, and this led to her being completely wrecked with guilt. wren fled and was branded a traitor by the empire. and not long after, she started working as a bounty hunter. shortly after this, she joined the crew of the ghost which led to the events that we saw play out in the first season of rebels. ren's work made her cross paths with ezra bridger, and together with the group, they started to sell the seeds that would lead to the rebellion. on her journeys, ren discovered the dark saber on dathomir, and though she initially didn't want anything to do with it, she eventually laid claim to it. ren has also teamed up with ahsoka, who it has been theorized as being played by rosario dawson. this would mean that mando could meet her through ren. and the pieces are slowly starting to fall in place that could lead to baby odor being reunited with his people through her. now, while there is doubt over this actually being the character, is because she doesn't appear with her mandalorian armor. in the rebels show, she was pretty nonchalant about taking her helmet on and off. but with it being a hard set rule in the show, i do think that they would carry this across to keep up the consistency across the board. she also seems to be hiding out of view. and as we've mentioned she's actually a big ally of the rebels. so this doesn't make much sense. at this point in the saga, the rebels were actually at the height of their power. so her hiding away suspiciously seems to point out that this character's allegiances may not actually be with the group. like i said, i think that this theory is probably the most likely one. however, there are several other notable characters that it could be. now if you're enjoying the breakdown so far, then this is probably the perfect time to subscribe, as we do videos like this every day, and you definitely don't want to miss out. don't forget, we're also giving away 3 copies of the marvel phase 2 box set. and all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below. the win is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of november, so make sure you get involved. now, another possibility is that the character is actually dr aphra, who, up until this point hasn't appeared in a tv show or movie. however, she is heavily laced throughout the expanded universe, and should it not be ren. i definitely think that aphra is a possibility. now the reason that this could be the case is because mando is on the lookout for jedi artifacts so that he can trace the steps of baby out as people. aphra is actually an archaeologist who could potentially point him in the right direction. and she has had several run-ins with a jedi as well as darth vader. she was created to be the indiana jones of the universe, and this saw her going on several adventures throughout the comics. aphra has a wise cracking attitude and has pretty much worked both sides of the fence. she has spent a lot of time with darth vader and the bear. have shared many adventures together that i definitely recommend you check out. now, because of this, aphra is someone who probably would need to hide in the shadows. i'm guessing her reputation with the empire is probably known by the rebels at this point. and though she wasn't necessarily the one blowing her planet, she would definitely have to keep her head down. aphra was never really an imperial and she was more dedicated towards her own agenda, using whoever she could to get by. a time she teamed up with luke han and leia, whilst also working with vader. so yeah, she's a very complex character, because i can see her needing to work with bounty hunters and the like in order to get by. i do think that this theory does hold a lot of weight. this would probably put her on the same path as mando. and her appearance here does slot into the timeline pretty well. as we know, the mandalorian takes place five years after the return of the jedi, so she would roughly be the age that we see through banks. she's also wearing what looks to be a jedi hood, similar to the one that luke dons in return of the jedi. and as the character is massively interested in the religion, this definitely makes sense. however, this could also hint that the character may actually be an inquisitor like aphra. these are featured in the expanded universe quite a bit. and in case you don't know who they are, they're basically force sensitive soldiers that were tasked with tracking down the jedi who escaped order 66. they featured heavily in rebels and fallen order but since the empire was defeated, we've kinda lost track of what happened to them. now they could be out there in the galaxy, and it's easy to see why mando may think that one of them is a jedi and try to join up with them. we actually see in the trailer that sasha's character quickly disappears, and this would be well within her skill set. now, if this is indeed an inquisitor, it isn't very good news for baby yoda. and the character would likely try and kill him, which would mean that mando would have to go toe-to-toe with a lightsaber-wielding villain. this is something that has felt absent in the show so far, and i would definitely love to see him face off against someone with the skills and powers of a sith lord. now, similar to this, sasha may also be playing a darth vade occultist. and reddit user the ninja whippet spotted that the darksaber and darth vader's lightsaber were used in the logo for season 2. the post talks about the acolytes of the beyond, namely a woman that traveled to terrace in order to obtain the weapon taras actually looks very similar to the planet that we see the character on, and it does line up. now this is quite an obscure theory, but once you start really digging into it, it does make a lot more sense. and lastly, the character could be someone that we haven't encountered before. we all know the mandalorian likes bringing people in that we haven't met. and it is completely possible that this is a brand new character who isn't pulling from any of the established law this would make sense as to why who she's playing hasn't been fully leaked yet. and with us getting reveals early on that boba fett and cobb vance would be in the season, it does seem likely that this would have made the internet too. so so basically our options are sabine, wren, dr aphra, an inquisitor, an acolyte of the beyond, or absolutely anyone in the entire galaxy. as i said, i still think that it's wren, but heaven knows, i've been wrong every day of my life. the season is clearly making ties with rebels though, due to the crimex in the last entry. but where it's gonna go, i guess we'll have to see. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on who you think this is. so make sure you comment below and let me know. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our breakdown of the second episode, which is going to be linked at the end. we go through all the ins and outs of the entry. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, if you want to support the channel and get to see contents early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat is on the discord server linked in the description, or, heavy spoilers, on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 