welcome back to movie reviews. today i am going to show you a horror film titled train to busan. spoilers ahead, watch out and take care. a truck approaches a toll booth as it's being sanitized with several workers cleaning the area in hazmat suits. the truck driver passes through the tollbooth and accuses them of slowing him down. but the workers assure him that nothing is wrong and that the area is just being sanitized as there was a small leak at a nearby nuclear plant. as he passes the tollbooth, he is distracted by his ringing phone and accidentally runs over a doe. after inspecting the scene, he gets back in his truck and drives off. however, the dough staggers to its feet despite the crash, and turns to reveal that it is infected. meanwhile, in seoul, saku is a busy fund manager who barely has time for his daughter, swan, let alone his divorce. after a stressful day at work, and accidentally buying swan the same birthday present he did last year, swan reveals that she wants to visit her mother in busan. sakwu is initially reluctant due to work, but his mother convinces him otherwise by showing him a video of swan's singing aloha away at a school recital, which he couldn't attend due to work. out of guilt, sokwu books the next ktx train bound for puss on the next morning. early in the morning, sockwood drive swan to the station, only to nearly crash into an oncoming hoard of ambulances and police cars. as sakwu ponders what could be going on, swan reaches out the car window and catches an ember in her hand, prompting sakwu to notice the burning building in the distance. he remarks that there's something bad going on, but drives to the station regardless. they board the train, which is also occupied by the tough working-class husband sang-hwa and his pregnant wife, sun kyung, a high school baseball team, rich but selfish ceo, yan suk, and a pair of elderly sisters in gil and john gill, and a homeless man who seems to be aware of the zombie situation. as the train prepares to leave, a spasming young woman boards the train with an enormous bite wound on her leg. outside the train station, manager then signals the ktx to leave, only to notice a group of people on top of the stairs of the station screaming at something unseen. swan watches through the window as the manager is quickly ambushed by a rabid human, which only she witnesses. frightened, swan gets up to go to the bathroom in the lower numbered cars. a train attendant comes across the infected woman, and she attempts to resuscitate her, only for the woman to complete her transformation. the zombie then latches onto the attendant's neck, who runs into the baseball team's car in a panic. the two then fall to the floor. now both zombies, the two proceed to attack most of the baseball team and creates a horde of zombies in the process. only four students escape. baseball player yong [ __ ] is crushed, jian hee and two unnamed boys. the zombies race towards the upper compartments and infect everyone in their path. swan unwittingly walks towards the lower ones, looking for a bathroom. sockwu awakens and notices that swan is missing from her seat. he then receives a call from a co-worker who informs him that violent riots have erupted around korea. soon enough, a group of panicked passengers from the lower compartments rushed through past his seat, screaming and running. now realizing that swan may be in danger, sakwu runs in the opposite direction and sees swan standing right in front of an oncoming horde of zombies. he grabs her, and they are chased by the horde, but saku successfully reaches his compartment and attempts to barricade it, nearly locking sang-hwa and song kyung out in the process. the survivor struggled to barricade the door, then realized that the zombies do not know how to open it and merely charge at the sight of humans. soon kyung uses water and newspapers to cover the windows, which remedies the situation by causing the zombies to think they are not there. the conductor reassures the survivors over the intercom that the train will not go to busan, but stop at daegu station, as he has been informed that the military has been dispatched there. yan suk calls his company friends and asks about the situation at daegu, which saku overhears and deduces from it that all arriving passengers at daegu will be forcibly quarantined. he makes a private call to a co-worker and convinces him to pick him and swung up separately so they won't be quarantined. the train then arrives at the abandoned degu station, and sakwu takes swan towards the east exit where they will be picked up, while the others go towards the main exit. the homeless man follows sakwu, having overheard his phone call. the three go down the hallway where they see a soldier in the distance. relieved, saku tells swan to stay where she is, and he rushes towards the soldier for help, only to see that he is injured. the soldier begs them to help him before a horde of infected soldiers round the corner, trampling and consuming him. the rest of the survivors head out the main exit towards the bottom of the escalator. the survivors see a large group of uniformed men and realize the soldiers are all infected. and the deployment has failed. several of the passengers are eaten and infected as they scramble back up the escalator and back into the station. sakwu, still inside the station concourse and facing zombies, tell swan to run. she does so and bumps into songkyun and sang hua, who are rushing back to the train with the others. soon kyung takes swan and runs to the platform, while sang-hwa fights off the horde with sakwu. yong-guk and the two other baseball players. once they manage to lock the exit door, they run to the train. yong-guk's two friends are attacked and infected when they reach the platform. meanwhile, jin hee yan-sook and a few others have successfully boarded the train. soon kyung and swan are also boarding when a glass bridge above the train shatters and sends zombies reigning onto the platform. one of the zombies falls between gill and john gill, separating them. jon gill is forcibly dragged aboard ginny's compartment, and she watches in gil song kyung and swan run in the opposite direction. soon kyung swan in gil and the homeless man barricade themselves inside a bathroom in one of the lower infected compartments, while young [ __ ] sakwu and sanghwa successfully get onto a safe compartment. sang-hwa calls his wife and realizes she is trapped in the bathroom with a few others. unwilling to leave them to die, the three of them begin fighting through the lower compartments to rescue them. in the process, they discover the zombies are blind in the dark and only react to sound. they use this to their advantage and manage to rescue them. and they all run together towards the first compartment. yongguk texts jan he that they have rescued the survivors and are headed towards her compartment. when she happily tells the others, they react with hostility and decide to lock the door to their compartment to prevent the group from entering. with the door locked, yongguk attempts to break it open, while sakwu and seung-hwa struggle to keep the zombies from entering on the other side. realizing that there isn't enough time, sunghwa tells sokwu to take care of his wife and leave him behind to distract the zombies. sakwu tearfully apologizes and lets go of the door, dragging swan and song kyung towards the barricaded door, before he is consumed. sunghwa manages to tell his wife the name he chose for their unborn son. the locked door is broken down and the survivors pile into the compartment safely, although in gill is not fast enough and she is eaten. realizing that seung hwa and ingil could have survived as well if the group hadn't barricaded the door, sakwu angrily punches yan sook and demands to know why he did such a thing. unwilling to answer, yan suk lies to the others and insists that sakwu and his allies are infected, instilling fear inside the initial group that barricaded the door. they forced sakwu and the group that just entered the compartment into the hallway between their compartment and the conductor's car. once they are forced out, yan suk and the others use their neckties and shirts to tie down the knob and prevent them from coming back. in john gill, still shocked and silent from seeing her sister die needlessly, notices in gill's face in the crowd of zombies in the door window. she tells her infected sister that she lived a long and fulfilling life, and realizes that the compartment group's actions have led to her sister's death. out of anger and defeat, john gill opens the door, allowing the zombies to flood the safe compartment. the survivors inside the hallway can only watch as the group is eaten inside the compartment. they see shadows of the passengers desperately clawing at the door they just barricaded. in a cruel twist of events, the conductor receives a radio notification that busan has succeeded in holding off the zombie infection. however, as they approach a station before busan, the train is cut off by debris on the track. the conductor informs the remaining survivors on the train over the speaker that he will find another train on an unblocked track to drive to busan, and that they should follow him, but wishes them luck, as they will have to exit the train and survive crossing the zombie-filled tracks. he exits his cockpit and finds an empty path. successfully discovering a cargo train, he starts it up and begins going down the track towards busan, searching for survivors on the tracks. sock wu and the others exit the train, and unbeknownst to them, yan suk has survived the horde of zombies in the compartment. he also hears the conductor's announcement and fights his way out of the compartment, but several zombies continue chasing him as he gets off. meanwhile, sokwu's group is making their way to the cargo train. suddenly, a burning freight car rushes towards them. and jin hee and yangbook are separated from the group when the runaway freight rams into the cars of a nearby train, which falls and blocks their path. they go into one of the next train cars to cross over to the other side through the door, not noticing that yansuke, who is being chased by a zombie, is following them. yan suk enters the car and throws jin hee behind him, sacrificing her to the zombie. yong [ __ ] fights the zombie off and collapses to the ground, cradling the spasming jin hee in his arms. as jenny chokes and begins to turn, yong-guk begins to cry, asking why fate had to be like this. he apologizes to jin hee for not telling her how he felt about her. as she fully turns and consumes his face and throat. yan suk runs towards the cargo train, but twists his ankle on the tracks, and one of the zombies following him manages to bite his ankle. the conductor rushes off the car to help, but yan suit betrays him and throws him aside to the zombies, like he did with jen hee. he ignores the conductor's screams for help as he boards the train alone. meanwhile, the homeless man, swan sakwu and son kyung, are on the other side of the wreckage, trapped under a train full of zombies. the windows of the train threaten to collapse at any moment. sakwu finds an opening under the train and begins to climb under it, but a part of the train collapses and seals the hole before the other three can make it through. the impact also shatters a window and a small group of zombies tumble out and crawl towards the three. however, the homeless man sacrifices himself to the zombies at the last minute, allowing enough time for sakwu to pull the debris away and for song kyung and swan to escape. they run towards the cargo train and get on the outdoor platform of it. sakwu approaches the cockpit, but backs away when he sees yon sook in the conductor's seat. milky eyed and infected, he initially shuts the door, but yan sook opens it. in spite of being a zombie, the infection has not reached his brain. yan suk approaches sakwu and begs him to take him home to busan, speaking like a little boy and reciting his address and the name of his mother. sakwu tells him he is infected. and yan suk is momentarily shocked and he weeps. but within seconds, he is fully turned. sokwu begins to struggle with a zombified yansuk and nearly falls off the ledge of the car. swan screams on the other side of the car platform, which attracts yan suk, and he attempts to attack son kyung and swan. however, sakwu intervenes, and his hand is severely bitten. he manages to throw yansuke off the car, but notices his injury. aware that he will turn very soon, he seats swan and son kyung in the cockpit and tells them how to use the brakes once they get to busan station. he then tries to leave the car, but swan begs him to stay and reveals that on the day of her recital, she did not finish singing aloha away because she didn't see sakwu in the audience. she had been saving the song for her father. the two have a tearful farewell, and sakwu holds swan's small hands in his for a moment before throwing them aside and locking himself out of the cockpit. swan begins to scream and cry for him to come back. he slowly approaches the back of the train car, fighting the infection, and begins thinking of when swan was an infant, recalling his happiest memories of cradling her and holding her small fingers and toes. the infection takes hold, his eyes going white and veins going dark. however, in spite of being fully zombified, sakwu continues thinking of swan, and he smiles happily towards the sky before falling off the car and onto the tracks. the train car finally arrives at the tunnel leading to busan station. however, the track is blocked off with debris. the two exit the car and begin walking down the tunnel, not aware that they are being watched on the other side by the busan military one of the snipers reports their approach to his superior and is told to shoot them down, as they cannot tell in the dark whether they are infected or not. just as the sniper is about to pull the trigger, swan begins to mournfully sing, aloha o-a to rally the exhausted song kyung to walk to the end of the tunnel. hearing her song, the soldiers realize they are not infected and rushed to their aid. make sure to subscribe and turn on post notifications if you want to watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. 