listen. so i've been waiting since 2015 for this movie and for release dates. later. i think we got it. personally, i don't think it's worse than these other x-men movies that have come out before it. but for it to be the final goodbye, just kind of sucks to be the last installment that we ever get from fox's x-men franchise because disney snapped and scooped them up. it is kind of disappointing. it is also a movie that's half trying to be a horror flick and then also a young adult blockbuster. and they kind of struggle more with that shift between the two than the group does escaping this facility. but nonetheless, i think if you've been hyped for the movie, you'll find it to be an okay rented for everyone else, probably just to stream it. so if you're interested in catching it, uh, spoiler warning right here, right from the jump. shout out to raycon for always supporting this channel, and to disney dishonor on your whole family. let me explain. so the idea for the film came from director josh boone and his writing partner, nate lee, who've known each other since they were infants and they ran their own comic book shop. they had originally put together the best comic book panels of the new mutant series that they could find and turned it into a graphic novel mixtape of sorts, which they submitted to fox with a pitch for a trilogy, which fox spot each one was sort of a different sort of horror movie. the second one was going to be an alien invasion movie, and then the third one's sort of more like a magic uh anya related, you know, inferno one. i know boone has worked on a couple of stephen king adaptations and has been leaning and doing a lot more horror work. but the approach to the movie felt like they wanted to have a horror movie, but at the same time they just wanted boone to do what he did with his previous movie as well. when it comes to fox flicks, there's always going to be reports of scripts changing leading up to the movie, while they're shooting the movie, after the movie. but this movie even had its marketing shifting back and forth between the dope horror that we got with the first trailer, and then how it was less and less that the closer got to release, which took years. according to boone, 70 of the movie was done when disney came in and bought fox and started even more delays. we went from waiting all of 2018, all of 2019, hell, 20. 20 months each feel like a year. so, damn it, it feels like it's been a decade since this was announced. the cast interviews looked like a 10-year reunion for the gangs. and some have completed literal franchises since filming this. and i'm sure they could have done some sort of pickup shots, like every movie does. but even before the merger, it sounds like they were given less than donnie did the irs. and, you know, the script for a very long time had warlock in it. about six months before we went to go make it, we really had to cut the budget in half, uh, to be able to go get it made. so we lost a lot of stuff we'd love, we'd love to see, obviously, in a later movie. now, you know, it's bad when a studio doesn't even hold screenings for its own movie, you know, usually to avoid reviews. they had no digital screeners in the most digital era that we're in. it's like disney wanted to dump this movie so bad that they saw a global pandemic when half of theaters had half a theaters. and to them, that sounded like a prime time to drop this. disney couldn't even get the co-creator's name right in the credits, which is just insane to me. hell, i'm sure they would have thrown this on disney plus or hulu if they didn't have it in the contract that this bad boy had to go to theaters. but even then, it's not even coming to those first, since hbo max has the rights to it for a period of time. so if you've ever wondered what's more confusing than x-men timelines, streaming rights. that said, another spoiler warning, as we get into the plot of the new mutants. now, for starters, it is said that we didn't get one more of those x easter eggs that we've gotten with all of the other intros with the fox logo. but now that that's gone, you know, one, i don't like the new name change, but i guess two, at least in the last one, they went all out with that x and giving us the easter egg. that almost felt like i was watching a ven diesel film, and i just find it funny that with the previous ones, they've had no problem showing the marvel logo, but they made sure with this one you saw that in association with anyways, our main character is danny, who gets the opening and closing lines of the film, with the comic backdrop being the demon bear arc. danny finds herself trapped in the facility with the others after her entire family gets destroyed. but the thing is, unlike everyone else there, danny doesn't know that her power is to manifest people's biggest fears. and that creates a solid horror narrative for everyone who's trapped in this facility, including herself. it also helps that it was shot in the same hospital as shutter island, which gives it the spooky feel. they even have screenings at this place, which i'll pass on. that one. it pretty much runs on the same logic as nightmare on elm street, which it clearly had as a big influence. even though this shot, which we got in the trailer, for whatever reason, is a deleted scene, didn't even end up in the movie. dr reyes is the main only one who's running the facility and watching over them at all times. she's doing her best ratchet impression, and just so happens to have the super powered force field. but they just, they manipulate this lady too easily, way too easily. the movie, like many others, also tries very hard at plugging in all of these 80s breakfast club homages, because, you know, there's always going to be that one scene where the kids get away and they just dance. this one has that. it just so happens to also involve spiking the doctor's tea with absolutely no one objecting. and it's not like she's a good person. you know, she does work for the essex corporation, which has been brought up in the last couple of movies with the diamonds on her coat and even the millbury facility being nods to mr sinister, who's been looming in the background. and this is a guy who's trying to be the complete opposite of mr xavier, who's looking to train killer mutants. and so that's why he has a doctor scoping out these kids abilities. and it was rumored that jon hamm was going to play him, and i think he would have done an incredible job. but again, nothing. i really thought the kids from logan were also going to appear in this. you know, i know that they had said logan was its own thing, a standalone, but it's not the same characters. dark phoenix then kind of brought it up how we even got a clip from logan in this one. so i'm telling you, i hate watching a movie knowing that there's all these setups and they just don't go anywhere. now, i like rain, and i think she was the best written character in the movie. but when i hit 9 or 10, my parents became born again evangelical christians, right at the time, in the 1980s, that that sort of caught fire politically in the country. and like, you know, politicians started to realize that they could manipulate people based on their religious beliefs. she has the ability to turn into a wolf that was branded as a witch because of her powers. and even through all that trauma, she still recites her prayers to reconcile the guilt of being a mutant, because that's how looked down upon mutants are, because the richest people in brazil can't have a mutant for her son. but what makes the character great is that it doesn't just focus on her troubles. but you know, there is actually a cute love story in there. again, i don't think it meshes well with the horror tones that the movie has. and i do feel they should have focused on one or the other, because they just, in my opinion, didn't balance it out. but even then, if they went full out, why a flick? i think with a couple more scenes and fleshing out their relationship, it would have held. she's a character who's not just being judged by an external power that she can't hide, but she's able to overcome those insecurities when she finds someone who she connects with internally, like from the jump, she rescues dany and prevents her queen's landing. oh, oh. now i understand why disney kept halting the release. he could only cut out so much from a movie. sam has the power to become a cannonball and zip through the air, but he also can't control it, causing the death of his father and others in the minds where he worked. so he's struggling with that guilt and his accent, with even the therapist blaming him for it. you think they stopped looking for you if you weren't here, you'd be in prison, or worse. sunspot was already in days of future past, but they looked for the least hand brazilian they could find to play the superhero who can manifest the power of the sun. at first you think his ego is the most difficult thing on screen, but then you see the script wrote in a scene where they they find a lie detector machine and play with it so the characters can just catch you up on who they are. i know that they wanted his dad to be played by antonio banderas, and maybe that's why they ended up casting this guy instead. but the co-creator of the comic called out his portrayal, since a part of sunspot's experience with his powers is that he tends to clash a lot with racism every time that it flares up. so just to be comment accurate, i am a little confused by the comments made by the director with this decision right here, especially because that element is still in the movie. you just swapped it out to another character who didn't even need it. now i'm split on her. just like i've been saying with the movie. this character feels like it's a two-in-one for starters, they have her playing the weird girl, you know, the quote, unquote, weird girl in the 80s, we'll be walking around with a sock puppet. but on the other side, she's the bully spitting out trudeau one-liners. hey, standing rock, you want the buffalo wing? you people love buffalo, don't you? oh, this isn't the hospital, pocahontas, it's a cage. again, i don't think she's the character who needs all this added edginess, especially when that clip that i just showed you edited out the pocahontas line for the trailer. this isn't a hospital, it's a cage. hmm. must have been a ride sting. even though it's disney like, even the doctor had inner notes that ileana's pastimes include hating humanity. so i'm sure her character would have been better in the sequels. you know, it is anya taylor joy, who i think is absolutely fantastic. they just needed to tighten up her dialogue. you know, in the third movie they talked about her turning into dark child. so there would have been a dual personality thing going on. and i just wish they would have led up to that and not just a third of what we got with this story. [Music]. overall, the parable of the two bears, which danny keeps reciting, carries the biggest moral of the story, on deciding whether to feed the one of love or the one of self-destruction. and that something that every character in the movie has to deal with. meanwhile, i wish the studio fed them so that we could see where they go. but that coincides with the whole point of the x-men as well, to show how with the team, your best self can come out. as they're all going through delusions, either being haunted by their past, their mistakes, their nightmares, or even their own demon bears. there are a lot of great elements dealing with trauma in the movie and how others can help you through it. i just wish they revolved more on that horror style they originally pitched, and not these one-liner bits. and let's kill the pitch. in terms of loose ends, fox clearly had plans on tying boone's trilogy back into the main x-men storyline, so if it felt like things were missing, it's because they were. they cut out a bunch of cameos that they mentioned were going to show up, and they would have been really cool. colossus, who would be ileana's brother, was cut out because of the budget, so we never got to see him, just like her relationship with ellen page's kitty pride, which would have been dope. antonio vanderas was going to be in the post-credits scene, but again, he was meant to be the villain that's not going to follow up. warlock was continuously mentioned, but they cut him to keep the ps2 graphics that was demon there. but there's always the fact that disney marvel has plans for a lot of these characters, so once they owned them, no wonder they asked them out. there was no need for them. just like a lot of things were swamped in dark phoenix cause they would appear in captain marvel. pretty much the disney marvel machine has been doing their thing and building their roster. but in order to get what a lot of people wanted, including myself, which is the avengers in the x-men, it seems the og mutants from the longest superhero franchise had to end. and chatting never even got to be gambit. at least we got to say goodbye to logan. i'm so happy we got to see days of future past on screen. i'm just worried for deadpool, the one unrestricted character who told china they wouldn't censor themselves, and then got censored when disney bought him up and caught him up into a pg-13 version for money, which is like a, it's like a disney channel original movie by lars von trier. you you're greedy. fox is even getting limited hard copy releases restricted. like after the merger, it seems like they're not trying to roll out as many physical copies. so i'm actually surprised they released new mutants on blu-ray. but even then, it's like they knew automatically the 4k release was the ultimate collector's edition. and it doesn't even have any extra features that the other ones don't have. there are some deleted scenes that could have made it into the movie, because they explained a little bit more on how some characters couldn't get out some of the backstories. but even in the commentary for the movie, it's just an interview between the director and his comic book idol, which is cool, but the movie's just playing behind them, and they rarely commentate. i know in the era of streaming, it does feel like anything can get picked up. and maybe, maybe we will see these stories continue, because it is a dope cast. but the mouse is a stickler. and while m stands for marvel and all of its wonderful characters, it also stands for monopoly. and i am going to miss everything not being under the same umbrella. cause what happens to the longest running superhero franchise and all these stories, all these characters we've loved, once it gets bought out? is there a multiverse where we get the payoffs to all those setups? or is this their endgame? because it's crazy to think that after all of the delays and all of the pushbacks, by cutting off all of the threads that set up a trilogy arc that was pitched, that even with the movie finally being out, it still feels like i'm waiting for new mutants to come out. you think the studio would throw us a bone, one that doesn't end up in my mouth. thank you guys for checking out this video. and as always, a big shout out to raycon for sponsoring this vid and really, overall, supporting the channel as a whole, a big part of their mantra is always pushing creativity and empowerment. and their partnerships with us, honestly, yeah, i gotta count to that. they let us create the videos we want to make, and they help us out with that. so this time around, they've even given us an even better, limited time discount code. so if you're at home and like to walk around while you stream or listen to music, you can't be tripping on all these wires. like no these wires are canceled, be it a jog or walking a dog. hell, if you're going to sleep and listening to a podcast, you don't want to end up more tangled than a disney flick. so wireless earbuds are the way to go. raycons are a great option that come at half the price, so you'll have extra for all the dozens of streaming services that are out there. raycons also come with a great battery that'll last longer than the entirety of new mutants and all of its bonus features. and the perfect size. buds create the most peaceful noise isolation, so you don't even have to be listening to anything. you know some of y'all may just want that peace and quiet at home right now. they're high on snoop dogg's list of earbuds. mike tyson thinks they're sweet. and if you're holiday shopping, like i said, they've given us an even better discount code this time around, with a solid set of colors to choose from. so if you're looking for a new pair of earbuds and want to support the channel, head on over to byraycon.com, let me explain, to get 20 off, as well as a 45 day money money-back guarantee. so if you're looking for earbuds, definitely check these out. they're a great way to listen to the channel. other than that, i'm curious to know your thoughts on the new mutants. was it worth the wait? you think there will be a miracle and we'll get those sequels um or do you just think disney took down one studio just to be consumed by another? i'm curious to know your thoughts, what your favorite x-men moment was. uh, it's going to be crazy to see that, you know, they just continue to windowed lower and lower and lower to just one studio's owning them. all, but we'll see. i'm curious to know your thoughts, what your favorite characters are, your favorite moments. and until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, or disney will buy you. 