[Music]. welcome to the drama behind the scenes show. I'm your host, definition and with comic-con in full swing, I thought I'd bring you the most savage MCU panel interview ever. let me just set the scene before we play the clip. it's ace comic-con. Kevin Smith is hosting a panel with Anthony Mackie, Tom Holland and Sebastian Stan. and two fans get up to ask them a question. and yep, Anthony, rocky doesn't have any time for them whatsoever. this is absolutely hilarious. so without further ado, let's dive into the clip. you weren't you the one that screamed, like one more. you know, it's a two-parter. well done. yes. what are your names? everyone give it up for Jamie. what's your name? everyone give it up. please. take it away. ladies. you're gonna bring us home and us. well, here we go. I just wanted to say that, um, I have a pit bull in so since tests assist a fee, that's a super cool. and I love Tessa to pet her for me. I will. thank you. oh my god, you just shot the Winter Soldier in her face. make you have a good time on the Internet tonight. wait, time out. time out. how do you know who Tessa? he posts us all the time. oh, he's posting pictures of him and his dog. yes, he's just hanging out at home with his dog. baby. I'm an adult. [Applause]. I follow no, man. just so you know, write it down, take a picture. tweet that I follow. nobody got a lot of free. I like that. I like that she clipped your wings. Falcon. I don't know the term friends. I know the term family. what's up? when stuff get tight, when stuff get tight, let me see where your friend will grow a little bit. you'll get there. you guys need to make up. what did your friends say? tell us what your friends say. you and your friend, where's iris? stand up. iris. great friend. and I've no, I'm getting to. Sebastian, my childhood nickname was Bucky. so you're like, you were automatically, like my first favorite character for Marvel ever. over here, since the idea of the word question is lost on you two over here, young, Wow, I'm absolutely. I was dying throughout that. that was basically like watching Anthony Mackie go full Papa Doc mode. a shout out to eight-mile there, you could see the moment where her heart literally breaks. and yeah, I kind of see it from both sides, you know, they both kinda were, as the kids say, throwing shade at one another. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this clip and who you think was in the right. and personally, I'm definitely teamcap right now. and it's killing me a bit inside, watching how much you kind of crushed their dreams. and so leave your opinion in the comments below. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and make sure you check out my recent breakdown of Robert Downey jr. confirming that Iron Man built the mark 85 for one specific reason. we go over the entire breakdown of the suit and why Tony Stark was such a great hero in Avengers end game. so it's definitely worth checking out after this if you want to know more. also just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of Avengers end game on blu-ray to one lucky winner. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel, and leave your thoughts on this clip in the comment section below. that one will be chosen at random on August the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then - ever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. Cheers. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and see you next time. take care. peace. you 