hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1991 film, Terminator 2. Judgment Day. so let's get started. the summary relies heavily on knowledge of the previous film. if you haven't seen it already, check out my spoiler for the Terminator film in the link below. the film opens in the year 1995, where John Connor is now 10 years old, living with his foster parents. his mom, Sarah Connor, was arrested for attempting to bomb a computer factory, presumably one related a Skynet, and is placed in a mental hospital. the robots in the future have sent a new terminator known as the t1000 back to kill John. the t1000 is made of an amorphous metal like substance, allowing you to change his shape and appearance. primarily, however, he looks like a policeman that he killed in the beginning of the film in order to defend his younger self. the future, John Connor has sent back a reprogrammed t800 Terminator, the Terminator who tried to kill his mother in the first film, still played by Arnold Schwarzenegger. both the t1000 and the Terminator find John at a shopping mall. a chase ensues, and John and the Terminator escape. John convinces the Terminator to break his mother out of the mental hospital, though initially she is terrified, as she thinks the Terminator is there to try to kill her. the three of them are chased by the t1000, but they escape. the Terminator informs John and Sarah that when the new program, Skynet and artificial intelligence, goes live, it will initiate a nuclear holocaust known it's Judgment Day, and then it will continue to create machines to exterminate the remainder of humanity. Sarah finds out the primary man behind Skynet is Miles Bennett Dyson, who works for Cyberdyne systems. miles is creating a new neural net CPU, which is the basis of Skynet. Sarah decides to try to kill miles in order to prevent Judgment Day from occurring. when Sarah corners miles in his home, she wounds him, but is unable to execute him in front of his family. they instead warn him of the consequences that his work will bring about. and miles reveals that most of his research came from reverse engineering technology from the arm of the destroyed Terminator robot from the first film. the group then breaks into the Cyberdyne building in order to destroy the Terminator arm in CPU stored there. the group obtains the CPU and the arm, then the police arrive and miles is shot, but he is able to destroy the lab in his research and sacrifices himself. the t1000 continues to chase the group into a steel mill, and the Terminator tries to hold the t1000 off. and eventually the t1000 is destroyed by a grenade launcher and a vat of lava. John throws the arm in the CPU into the VAT as well. the Terminator then decides to self terminate so he can never be reverse engineered like the arm was. he lowers himself into the VAT, and the film ends with Sarah thinking about the future. so that was the spoilers for Terminator 2, Judgment Day. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 