this man poured a lot of expensive bottles of wine into the pool. he indifferently enjoys the feeling of soaking in alcohol. the toilet was broken. he didn't repair it, but instead pooped down right into the pool. he drinks wine that cost several million dollars instead of drinking water. the things he does all day are just eating and sleeping. he is literally living in heaven. the world was attacked by a deadly virus. phil miller was probably the only man in the world to survive. he drove all over america to find survivors, but he still could not found any living human phil left others his information behind and drove away because there were no laws or rules anymore. phil can do whatever he wanted to do. he moved to a luxury mansion, decorate the house with a pile of expensive drawings. he could take a walk while butt naked. he doesn't need to give a crap about anyone. he went to a supermarket, used a gun to break the glass door and calmly stepped inside. he happily did his things, broke stuff in the store. he could take whatever he wants. everything is free anyway. phil devised all kinds of games just to kill his time. he played bowling with lamps and fish tanks. he even tried to push the car downhill. it crashed into another and exploded. but playing alone forever was also kind of boring. when he saw pictures of an old woman in a magazine, he began to miss women. even the mannequin was disassembled by him. he painted a human face on the ball monologue with it about his sexual needs. he even prayed to god to give himself a woman. but when the house became a landfill, the swimming pool turned into a septic tank, there was still no sign of any woman. phil collapsed. he wanted to commit suicide. he was about to drive into a rock, but then suddenly he stopped, because he saw smoke from afar that proved that someone else was still alive. some hope rekindled inside of him. phil immediately drove toward the smoke. there he saw women's underwear hanging out to dry. the scent of it made phil extremely excited. his eyes were wide open, and then he suddenly fainted. when he woke up, phil saw a beautiful girl in front of his eyes. after chatting for a while, they finally make love but when he woke up again, he discovered that before his eyes was not a beautiful woman, but a middle-aged lady. it turned out that the scene was just his imagination. this woman saw the message phil left. she was here to look for him. her name was carol. phil took carol home. she told him that humanity was about to go extinct and that it was their responsibility to keep maintaining their breed. although there were no more laws, this woman was still very disciplined. while changing lanes, she must turn on their turn signals. while crossing the street, they must see traffic lights. cars must be parked in the parking lot. phil disagreed. he crashed straight into the mall's entrance. the world has changed. he said. they could do whatever they want. but carol disagreed. they argued and then separated. phil was upset the woman. he wished her appeared, but he could not accept her temperament. the next morning, phil saw carroll moved in next to his house. he stopped her because he was not ready to get along with her. but carol told phil, their relationship has improved. since then, carol invited phil over to her house for dinner under the candlelight, they let go of their hatred for the sake of humanity's future. they decided to work hard together. carol wanted to get married first before they have sex. phil reluctantly agreed. carol happily prepared for the wedding, and phil just needed to prepare the wedding ring. carol went to the supermarket to grab things. she wanted to organize a romantic wedding. phil was not interested. he was just still doing his stupid things. deep inside, he knew that he didn't want to marry carol. on the wedding day, the bride carol happily entered the church, but the groom, phil did not want to give her the ring. carol left disappointed. for two days without news about her. phil worriedly went to carol's house to find her. there, he saw the wedding room that carole has prepared. he realized how much she cared for the wedding. to apologize, phil drove carol to the jewelry store. he smashed the glass case with his hammer and put on her hand the most beautiful ring. carol was extremely happy. after getting married, carol adapted phil's lifestyle. together, they played his crazy, stupid things. after a period of living together, phil gradually accepted carol. one day, while they were hanging out on the streets, they crashed into another. phil quickly got off the car to check it out. a very beautiful woman stepped out. she also followed the information he left to find him. phil looked at the girl without blinking. she was the right girl that he wanted. compared to her, carol was completely inferior. phil regretted marrying her. these are the first three episodes of the series, the last man on earth. if you want to know if phil can have the beautiful girl or not, please check out the series. this is the end of the video. thank you for watching. 