scott hasn't heard anything from his daughter in six weeks. he checks out the town from where he last heard from her to find out if anyone knows anything about her disappearance. the only people he meets though are a lazy policeman, seemingly racist rednecks and people who apparently don't know how to use a pickup. jen, her boyfriend, darius, and their friends go on a self-discovery trip through the forests of virginia. let me make one thing clear. if you feel the urge to request a kiss from the driver, well, don't. and if you are the driver being asked, just say no. and if for some reason you had a divine encounter with jesus the night before who told you to kiss your partner while driving on a curvy hillside road, fine, but at least don't close your eyes. that could have easily taken a wrong turn. huh? when they arrive at the small town and check in, it becomes quickly clear that the locals aren't big fans of anything they don't know or is a threat to their values. that's probably also why there are no other tourists. let me introduce you to the characters when they are having drinks at the local tavern. they are somewhat the pseudo-leaders of the group, darius and jen. and they, mila and adam, are the couple with the biggest emotional problems. and the gay couple, gary and lewis. well, honestly, they are by far the most sophisticated and rational people here. you will see, living in a free and independent country doesn't mean you can behave like [ __ ]. especially when you are visiting places you have never been to before. you are a guest, therefore, you should behave with respect. different places hold different values. values are subjective, so even if you don't agree with those, the locals don't care. who is right or wrong here doesn't matter. you didn't go on travels to teach and preach. you went onto this trip to enjoy and widen your perspective. that means you silently have to bear the stupidity of the locals. if you encounter any of course, if you see anyone being harassed or physically assaulted, you should always intervene. but none of that happens inside this tavern. when the old redneck comes to the table and spills his words, he wasn't offensive. perhaps he intended to, but he was still calm and respectful. what do you do in this instance? a, you appreciate it and buy him a drink to try and learn more about the town. b, you stay quiet because you think he's an idiot. c, you respectfully engage in a disagreement. or d, you make a mockery of him. there are virtually infinite possibilities here. if you are visiting a foreign place where you know racism might still be prevalent, and you are visiting with your gay and black friends, why would you even try to prove a point here? that's just reckless. even if you might be right, it doesn't matter, because safety first. the next day, our six friends go for a camping trip. the hotel staff told jen to always stay on the hiking trail. nature is unforgiving in these lands. she said, alright, man, thanks for the tip. bruno morris or darius, if you wish, wants to go on an adventure, i'm all for it. but the thing is, if you really want to go off track, you should take responsibility and know when to give up and return. there is no place for a big ego in wilderness. mark your position on your gps device and leave a trail behind that is easy to follow when you get lost. additionally, i'd recommend you use some of these physical nitrile markers, because electronic devices are just not reliable enough, especially when you go off so close to sunset like our characters. look, if you don't agree with the decision your group has made, take responsibility and say it. you are a grown-up person. you can and should decide for yourself. mila doesn't seem to get that. she is that one person who keeps complaining and wants to go back, but doesn't seem to be able to do so on her own. at the very least, she should have been able to convince her boyfriend, adam. he would have, that sure, followed her, even if it's just for her sake. funnily enough, i think even gary and lewis would have joined them. everybody seemed to be fed up with darius decision. they've been going off track for an hour at this point, and yet nobody said anything or made an individual decision. if you don't like something, don't do it. you can't expect the others to make the decision for you, though. alright, having a huge dead tree coming at you at full speed is a pretty scary thing. unless you've played a lot of donkey kong, the only chance to survive this is to run. not only run, but run sideways, or at least diagonally, so you have a chance to get out of the predicted path of the tree. another safe bet would have been to look for other massive trees and take cover behind them. our characters only run down in a straight line, which, i'm sorry to break it to you, won't work. even if you're usain bolt, it's just like an avalanche. you don't try to escape one. that's impossible. what you're trying to do is to get out of its way completely. gary gets killed, while everyone else survives. you went off track and one of your friend dies in an accident. that's the worst possible outcome. what do you do? losing your cool is definitely likely to happen. this is something nobody wants to experience. yet if it does happen, there are a few things you would want to pay attention to. figuring out what to do, apart from getting help, is difficult, especially when you can't call for immediate help because, of course, you didn't sufficiently prepare for your trip. your mobile phones are probably out of service. your gps device only maybe has integrated emergency function, and you probably didn't bring along a satellite phone either. if all of that is the case, then you won't be getting around to go for help physically. now, what you don't want to do is lose control. at least one must stay rational and be objective. it helps if one takes responsibility and goes verbally through each option. you have to recall the exact thing that happened and say it out loud, to define what the circumstances are, is very helpful. it offers orientation and structure. if nobody takes on this role, the situation will quickly degrade in an emotional chaos, which is absolutely worse and more frightening than the present scenario. it quickly escalates and the moral of the group takes a big hit. another thing that is worth to mention is that jen has spotted a person somewhere in the distance. nobody, if our group, finds it particularly of interest, which i find weird, especially since the tree was coming at them so randomly, completely out of nowhere, just a minute ago. that's definitely a huge red flag. that you hopefully won't miss if you ever end up in a position like that. our characters decide to camp outside for the night. one is that they have no idea where they are, and now it's dark too. i have normally a lot of compassion, but to end up in a situation like this, you really must have made many stupid decisions back to back. or was it just bad luck? let me know in the comments what you think. in the morning, mila is missing. seems like she went to pee. how far do we need to walk away just to take a piss? i wonder, why not just behind a tree somewhere next to the tent? it's not like there aren't any trees available. but perhaps she has a special kind of preference, like maples or oaks, maybe. but i mean, if you went through anything remotely similar to what these people went through just last night, you would never go out that far just to have a quiet morning square. do you if you want to go for a cool morning stroll? i guess that's fine, but how about you tell someone else first? anything else neglects the group. when the remaining characters go to look for her, adam steps into another trap, gets chained on his ankle and pulled into an underground cave. he is completely gone. at this point, the red flags are so many, you better take note of them and proceed extra careful. the three continue their search and stumble over a random forest hut. they find countless phones, backpacks and other accessories laying in there, pretty much another big red flag. if you know what's up, you better take notice of them. tools in there, chainsaws, machetes, garden tools, etc. pretty handy stuff to defend yourself with when [ __ ] hits the fan. if you spotted random people wearing skulls and camouflage carrying your lost friend on a thick piece of wood, looking like they are about to have a nice, vintage barbecue, what would you do? i hope you would react like darius. this dude doesn't play around. he grabs a sharp tool, jumps over the fence and starts threatening the two mofos. they don't talk english, nor do they have the decency to remove their headgear. i personally wouldn't react differently than darius. and if those two freaks didn't mean no harm, they could have responded differently. there are universal languages to surrender and signal that you aren't planning anything evil. slick move. but one hit is enough. jesus christ, what's wrong with this guy? first he pisses off the locals inside the tavern for no reason, and now he's literally murdering someone. fair enough, it looked like they were about to murder him too. but yo, one hit would have been enough to cancel the threat. during all that chaos, the second guy disappears, and surprise, surprise, mila makes a comeback. how about that? she's, without a doubt, the most annoying character inside this movie. one character got crushed by a random tree. another one was pulled into a cave on a chain and then kidnapped by two freaks wearing skull heads and flower dresses. and now another character gets almost killed by another trap. it doesn't take a genius to figure out that you are in a very dangerous area. the facts are available, yet none of them bother to take the lead and come up with a plan. i guess that is a danger when there are no obvious hierarchies present. each one of them has a different opinion, and everything anyone utters is made personal. no one is working towards a common goal. it's quite literally madness. first, they should have set up rules and tasks, for example, to walk in groups of at least two, always back each other up. second, arm yourselves with the tools available inside that forest hut. and third, pay attention where you step. traps are hidden on the ground as well as above. the men should have taken positions at the tail as well as at the front of the group. they defend and attack if necessary. the women would have stayed in the middle, scouting the area on both sides and above, and act as becca and luis, he should have stayed in front of the tail. he is muscular and agile, which is perfect for a counter-attack if necessary. once those tasks and rules have been established and some tools recovered from the forest hut, they should have defined the goal, which would have been to survive as a team and get back to town together. if all of that was followed, everything would have been clear. everyone would have known what's happening, and the group was less likely to degenerate into a chaotic piece of [ __ ]. the biggest threats are undoubtedly the skull wearing freaks lurking pretty much everywhere around without any weapons to defend, our characters have zero chance. so when the first serious encounter happens, everyone runs away in complete disregard for one another. at this point, we can hardly call this a group. when they are escaping, mila gets taken out by a trap quickly. her boyfriend doesn't bother and leaves her back. she doesn't like it, to be fair, there was nothing he could have done anyway. it would have been heroic of him to stay back. but she was doomed already. the remaining four characters get called and put into a relatively deep underground prison. now if you are in one of those caves, there are actually a variety of things you should and could do. first of all, it should be clear that screaming won't help. but your hands are tied with pretty unsophisticated cords, and the walls are made of sharp rocks. one plus one is two. it would have been easy to cut through them without much effort. afterwards, you would have tied your hands up again with the help of your mouth, but this time with a nut that is easy to remove. after doing this, screaming would actually be beneficial. at least through that you could find out who the enemy is and try to learn more about your friends, precisely if they are still alive and or nearby. if at least one character would have done something like this, it would have been feasible to save the others. when jen gets pulled up, everyone else is there too, tight on hands, but no ties on their feet. the enemy count was only 3 at this point too. so if they all timed the wwe dropkick at the same time, those three skull heads could have been taken out quickly. our characters are brought into a village of a self-sufficient community, calling themselves the foundation. they have moved off-grid just before the civil war, 200 years ago. ever since then, they have stayed up there, developed a whole society of incest kids, and like to dress up like far cry primal characters. but fear not, they are as civil as can be. they have a court, laws and other institutions that ensure the safety and dignity of each individual. our characters are put on trial because then with adam has killed that dude in one of the scenes before, nobody's allowed to talk but jen. she gets a straightforward warning that if she lies, everyone will be punished. what would he do here? your friend was an idiot? no, question that you are put on trial is undoubtedly his fault. you also know that at least one other person belonging to this monkey tribe has witnessed the murder. so lying is pointless, wouldn't you agree? jen ends up lying, adam gets killed, and our three remaining characters are about to face the worst punishment i have seen on screen in recent times. but before we get to that, let me make clear that even in front of this trial, they had a chance to survive. the incest clan has a courtroom. that means they are legit about laws. they could be just pretending, of course, but that is less likely to be the case, because otherwise, why establish a court when none of the laws are to be followed? anyway, so when jen was asked if adam has killed the other guy, she should have explained thoroughly everything that they have experienced ever since gary's death, because the only thing she said up and being questioned was, no, he didn't kill him, which i think is foolish and a complete waste of the given potential. even if you think adam has done it out of self-defense, and therefore it isn't real murder, the judge doesn't know the details. so why cut your answers so short when you were given a fair platform to explain thoroughly what your friends and you have gone through? i would have explained that when my friend gary was killed by a rolling tree, someone of your tribe was around this incident. why? furthermore, the reason why adam has killed the other dude, even though i secretly know that it was completely unnecessary, was because he was aggressively caught and tied to a stick and then transported somewhere he didn't know. explaining all of this, there would have been a good chance for adam's life to be spared. and since this would have been no lie whatsoever, all of our remaining three characters would have been automatically saved too. let's assume that this tribe didn't give a [ __ ] about your explanation. what then? well, then it would have been too late anyway. but not using the opportunity that was given to you to the fullest is borderline insane in this particular situation. as a mistake, it might be cruel, but one idiot less that could make the situation worse. although you might argue that there is nothing left to make worse here, our last three characters face the eloquent punishment of see no evil, hear no evil and speak no evil. what this means is you get your eyes burned out, your ears burned out, yes, that's the thing, and your throat burned out too. afterwards, you're put into a pitch star cave labyrinth, where other people who have faced the same punishment now aimlessly wander around until they starve to death or eat each other up. before jen and darius end up there too. jennifer, once uses her brain efficiently. she makes the case that both she and darius hold valuable properties and skills that could be very beneficial to the village as a community. smart move carried out a bit faulty, but hey, survival is key. darius becomes a hunter, and she becomes the new main hoe. great. she not just becomes the new main hoe, she basically becomes the new queen. meanwhile, jen's father is still in town trying to gather information about her location. when he's having dinner at the local tavern, the hotel lady appears, sips away his whiskey and tells him about the foundation that is living up the mountain. surprisingly, he believes what she's saying. but he also asks why nobody has ever done anything about them? to which he replies, because it's made to look like they are gone, basically meaning that they are really good at hiding. there are two ways on how to save your daughter's scot you could, for example, team up with a local named ed who's a hunter and knows the woods perfectly. he holds a grudge against a foundation because they have killed his nephew in the past. he will be your guide at all times, pass you the gear you need and gives you the right firearms to successfully free your daughter and her boyfriend. that's the comrade you really want for this journey. i really like it. i was really excited to see some cool stealth information gathering mission. but when i saw how he triggers the hidden traps, i lost faith very quickly. if you find traps on your way, you either ignore them and circle around them, which i would recommend, or you trigger it. if you decide to do the letter, you should do it in a way that it looks like an animal did it. cutting through isn't the way to go. every 12 year old who has been on a weekend camping trip, would figure out by looking at the cut that somebody has come through here. since your plan is not to be detected, you probably don't want to leave any signs that you pass through here. what do you do in this situation? a, you know you have zero chance in return to town with photos of the traps and dead bodies to convince military action. or b, you arm yourself and march forward, thinking you can save your daughter and people, a whole community of forest dwellers with just one revolver. or c [ __ ] it, return home and don't look back. sorry. jen scott had all the cards in his hands that he could possibly ask for, fresh dead bodies, traps all around, a functional smartphone with integrated camera and even firearms lying around. he had everything to trigger any government intervention one could possibly think of. even if you're a slow thinker, in this situation, you just know that you have zero chance if you continue solo. i mean, this man is about 80 years old and barely made it up there in the first place. i know he wants to save his daughter, but his chances are virtually zero. besides, i don't even know how he's planning to find the foundation. here's what i would do? i would contact dji and ask for a sponsor to rescue my daughter from the hands of savage forest dwellers that live somewhere in the middle of the woods of virginia. the drone we are looking for costs around 20k and has a flight time of roughly 55 minutes. that isn't enough. we need more. i would say, at least as many as to cover 5 hours of flight time, 100k usd. i don't have that. although i have to admit, scott kind of looks like that one rich senior dad we all know in any way, once dji is hearing about the foundation and how they are holding gen captive, they will jump onto the story like crazy thai monkeys on me. remember, at this point, six weeks have already passed since jan and darius joined this wonderful place where everyone is treated equally, just some more than others. six weeks and darius has already seemingly forgotten everything about his past life. looks like the high values he had at the start of this movie were forgotten pretty quickly. well, whatever. scott gets imprisoned, but eventually freed by his daughter jen. at least one person with some dignity and self-respect. she even has the courage to go and risk her life to pick up darius. he declines, saying, this is the place that he was looking for all his life. this kid has obviously never read animal form. not gonna lie. i somehow like the premise of a self-sufficient community for of any civilization too. but the way they treat intruders and hikers that accidentally stumble across their lands is just wrong. and any person with a standard set of moral values would oppose that. there is, you are a disappointment. i think it's best for everyone involved that you say up there, far away from any normal and reasonable people. there are many plot holes here that i won't mention. now, to successfully flee, scott and jen have to take a secret passage, because the main entrance of the village, of course, is completely locked down. fortunately, a little kid called ruthie supports chen's efforts to escape and shows her where the secret passage is. according to the movie, ruthie herself has taken this secret passage many times. that's just crazy nonsense, because the secret passage is only accessible through the pitch star cave labyrinth, where the punished people like lewis end up. no 10 year old girl would voluntarily sneak through that. in fact, no sane person would ever do this. they somehow make their way through the labyrinth, find lewis on their way, place a bullet neatly in the middle of his head and make it to the exit. with a lot of luck, some help of the local rednecks that come for help, and some laziness of the script riders, they eventually end up down the mountain and finally, even back home. here is my problem with that. what about darius? this dude completely disregarded the past 25 years of his life in mere six weeks. if he was put on trial to spit out where jen is living, it wouldn't take two seconds until he'd confess. to arrive at the same conclusion, doesn't take more than two minutes of thinking. yet, scott and jen continued their lives as if nothing happened, which is completely ridiculous to begin with. they literally escaped from this crazy place. it would have been easy to contact the right government institutions and blow that village up, even if nobody believed you. you knew its location, so you could gather the required intel yourself besides, scott himself has found this secret village with barely any help during a sunday afternoon. so i don't see the problem here. but let's assume all odds are against you, and even you can't locate it anymore, because, let's say the whole village has relocated in a week or so, so far away from its original point that it's impossible to find. then it still doesn't justify going back to your old life, living at the same address and don't take any precautions whatsoever. that's just complete madness and nonsense. and what about her pregnancy? that alpha skull dude literally impregnated her and she legit. doesn't think he will try to find her? come on, 