Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before we start, I have a small news to announce. I would like to introduce myself as the new narrator for our future videos. I hope that you can enjoy my narration as much as the previous videos. Thank you, and enjoy the video! Today, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to recap a 2012 Korean Heist Comedy movie, called The Thieves. This movie tells the story of 2 gangs of thieves who join forces under a leader, to steal a diamond from a notorious arms dealer. Since they have an unpleasant past with one another, their plan is full of trickeries and betrayal. So, how will they steal the diamond? Who will escape with the prize? Let\xe2\x80\x99s find it out. The movie starts with Conwoman and Walker, disguised as mother and daughter, who visit a gallery to meet the Owner. Walker has been dating the Owner for months to gain information. Conwoman asks to look around the facility under the pretense of assessing her soon-to-be son-in-law. The Owner agrees and invites her to his private fault. After they left, Walker readies herself for the action. Outside of the building, Popeye and the Operator have set up wire for the Walker to break in. Walker climbs the building and breaks in through the vents. In the exhibition room, Conwoman records the beeping sound of the lock with a decoder and hides it inside the room. She also sticks chewing gum to the laser sensor to block the detector. Walker gets inside the room and looks for the decoder. She quickly enters the vault, swaps the art with a fake, and leaves. When they get into the room, Walker is already there to greet them back. After some time, the alarm goes off due to the gum. Owner rushes to the vault to find the gum and the fake art piece. He asks the guards to check Conwoman\xe2\x80\x99s belongings but nothing is found inside. While they are leaving the building, the stolen art is hauled with a wire and Popeye carries it away. In the hideout, they sell the art to a Black Marketer. Suddenly, the police arrive to check the place. Popeye greets them while the others hide. The police come looking for the stolen art and suspects Popeye since he has been convicted for a similar case in the past. Afraid of the police, they decide to flee to China, to join a heist led by a Korean master thief named Park. They also invite a convicted Safecracker who was recently released on parole. Turns out, Popeye and Safecracker used to work for Park but they despise him for deceiving them. In Hong Kong, they meet the Chinese who will also join the team. Conman is the leader of the gang, and the other three are Flirty, Smuggler, and a safecracker named Julie. Since they don\xe2\x80\x99t trust the other team, they diss the others with their own language, hoping that no one will understand them. Flirty teases Walker over and over. Seeing this, Operator who fell in love with Walker fends him away. Suddenly, Park enters the room to brief them. Park reveals the target to be the Tear of the Sun, a valuable diamond in the possession of Tiffany, the mistress of a powerful crime lord named Wei Hong. The plan is to steal the diamond while Tiffany is visiting a casino in Macau, and to sell it back to Wei Hong, a risky venture seeing that Wei Hong is known for murdering whoever offends him. Hesitant at first, everyone agrees after finding out that the diamond is worth $20 million. Popeye reveals to Park that Conwoman and Safecracker will also join the team. Park agrees for Conwoman to join, but rejects Safecracker due to their past. The next day, they meet the Informant who is also Tiffany\xe2\x80\x99s step sister. She says that the diamond is kept inside one of the two vaults in a hotel suite. Thermal imaging cameras cover every corner of the floor. Moreover, magnetic field which is synced to Tiffany\xe2\x80\x99s heart pacemaker secures the door, so no one can get inside but her. Before they leave, Julie puts a bug inside Park\xe2\x80\x99s lighter. Turns out, Julie is actually undercover police hoping to arrest Wei Hong through Park. As Park is resting, he recollects his past. 4 years ago, Park, Popeye, and Safecracker worked together in a gold heist. Park and Safecracker loved each other back then. When Park was escaping, his wire snapped. Trying to save her lover, Safecracker ran back inside and exposed herself to the CCTV. Turns out, Park ran away with the gold, leaving the rest empty handed. Suddenly, Safecracker enters the room to negotiate, and Park lets her join the heist. She also steals the diamond\xe2\x80\x99s buyer list and shares it with Popeye. They have purchased a fake one to swap it after the heist. Meanwhile outside, Walker has been eavesdropping about their scheme. Having set the trap, Popeye recalls the incident from 4 years ago. Turns out, Popeye was the one who cut Park\xe2\x80\x99s wire. He wanted to frame him but was surprised to know that the gold was with him. Having lost her lover, Safecracker fell into drinking and decided to turn herself in. Popeye used the chance to make out with her back then. The next day, the team prepares their plan. Conman and Conwoman will act as a Japanese couple to keep Tiffany accompanied in the casino. Smuggler will also bet the same amount against them to break-even. Flirty will be a player who surveys the premises. Popeye will be the eye on Tiffany while she is outside the casino. At night, Walker and Operator visit a bar to get the master key from the casino\xe2\x80\x99s General Manager. However, the GM is actually a gay and flirts with Operator instead. They swap their role and copy the key\xe2\x80\x99s data to make a duplicate. In order to smuggle the gun brought by Smuggler, they bribe an Old Man who works as a cleaning service. In the hideout, Safecracker and Julie are practicing their skills. They have different styles, Safecracker usually uses drills and hooks to open the vault, while Julie trusts her ears and fingers. Meanwhile, Conman shares with the Chinese team that he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t trust Park and the plan is bound to fail, so they plan to steal Tiffany\xe2\x80\x99s betting cash during the action. In the morning, they set everything up in place. Park and Popeye made a commotion to divert the CCTV from Operator, while he set up the wire equipment for Walker to break in. Due to the commotion, Park is blacklisted from the casino. Meanwhile, Safecracker also picks up the fake diamond as she planned with Popeye. They plan to run away using a boat but Popeye only booked for 1 person instead of 2. In the guest suite, Conman and Conwoman spend their time together. Conman reveals that he and his partner stole the Tear of the Sun and sold it to Wei Hong in Busan. His partner was killed and he only received $1 thousand from the purchase. Conwoman comforts him and they fall in love. After they make out, Walker comes in to get into action. The couple get back to the table to stall Tiffany. While Walker is climbing to sneak into Tiffany\xe2\x80\x99s suite, Popeye, Julie, and Safecracker wear special coats to avoid the thermal detector. Flirty and Smuggler hijack the surveillance room and turn off the main power. Walker uses metal pieces to connect the magnetic field on Tiffany\xe2\x80\x99s door, so that the alarm doesn\xe2\x80\x99t go off. Julie and Safecracker are tasked to open the vaults. However, they don\xe2\x80\x99t find the diamond inside any of the vaults. On the casino table, Conman brings out his gun to steal Tiffany\xe2\x80\x99s cash. Outside, the police are ready to capture them with tips from Julie. Suddenly, the Informant delivers Park\xe2\x80\x99s lighter which was bugged by Julie. After knowing that they are fooled, the police rush into the building to seize them. Turns out, the diamond is kept inside another vault and Park, who disguises himself as the Old Man, opens it and flees. The Informant who claimed to be Tiffany\xe2\x80\x99s step sister is a con artist hired by Park. Suddenly, the team members receive a message from Park saying that he will be meeting with Wei Hong alone. After realizing that it is a trap, they scatter and run off on their own. Walker is suspected due to her inability to speak Chinese. Out of his love for Walker, Operator sacrifices himself and is captured. Conman stays true to his love and escapes with Conwoman. However, they get into an accident and die. The rest of the members are also caught. Popeye, Flirty, and Safecracker are transported to the prison. Safecracker uses her lock picking skill to unlock the others\xe2\x80\x99 handcuffs. During the panic, her tools are thrown away and one of her cuffs is still locked. The car fell into the sea leaving her trapped inside the drowning car. Fortunately, Park comes and saves her. She wakes up on a poolside with a mysterious key from Park. She meets with the other surviving members and they plan to steal the diamond from Park. Meanwhile, the police are on Park\xe2\x80\x99s tail, waiting to arrest him and Wei Hong. They hear that Park is meeting Wei Hong in Busan, in 3 days. They also ask the Korean police to help them with the effort. The team arrives in Hong Kong to get Park\xe2\x80\x99s whereabouts from the Informant. They find out that she is living in a hotel in Busan and go there right away. After being threatened, she spills Park\xe2\x80\x99s whereabouts to them. Meanwhile, Park comes to the agreed place to meet Wei Hong while the police watch every move he makes. On the other hand, Flirty enters the building and jams the elevator, while the rest of the team disguise themselves as the elevator service. They break into Park\xe2\x80\x99s room while Informant keeps Park away from them. Safecracker gets a hint from one of Park\xe2\x80\x99s calls and finds the diamond in another room. Informant asks Park about the incident 4 years ago and Park admits that he didn\xe2\x80\x99t plan on running away. He broke his legs and crawled to the hideout, but found Safecracker and Popeye making out instead. He also reveals that Popeye alone betrayed him because Popeye loves Safecracker and wants to take her away. After that, Park realizes that Informant is bugged and comes back to his room. Safecracker who hears all of Park\xe2\x80\x99s confession, falls in love with him once more and leaves the diamond. Then, Walker breaks into the room and finds the diamond. She swaps it with the fake one and leaves. Meanwhile, Wei Hong\xe2\x80\x99s man and Park make contact and go to his room. While the diamond is being appraised, Park reveals to Wei Hong that he stole the diamond for revenge. Turns out, Conman\xe2\x80\x99s partner who was killed by Wei Hong is actually Park\xe2\x80\x99s father. The diamond is identified as fake and Park escapes with the money. The SWAT team also joins the brawl to arrest Wei Hong, and a gunfight breaks out. Meanwhile, Walker tosses the diamond to Popeye and escapes too. Park falls on top of the elevator and Popeye tries to kill him. Park fights back and wins. However, he pities him and doesn\xe2\x80\x99t retaliate. He escapes in a police car to a ferry pier. Popeye tries to run away with the diamond alone but is chased by Flirty. During the chase, the diamond falls and breaks after a motorcycle runs over it. Turns out, Walker has prepared another fake version and swaps it with the real one. She uses her charm on the police and escapes the building easily. In the pier, Park meets Safecracker and comes to her. However, he realizes that Wei Hong is nearby and flees. Julie comes in and tries to arrest Safecracker. Seeing this, Park reveals himself to lure Wei Hong out. Julie quickly chases Wei Hong instead and shoots him twice. In the end, Safecracker finds the stolen gold from 4 years ago inside her car\xe2\x80\x99s trunk, using the mysterious key from Park. Walker is in Hong Kong, trying to find a buyer for the diamond. Safecracker invites her to meet a potential buyer who is actually the gallery Owner. Walker flees and drowns herself in the pool. Park calls Safecracker and says that he is also in Hong Kong to steal an item for one last time. Safecracker finds out that Walker\xe2\x80\x99s hotel bill has been paid by an old man, indicating that Park is there for the real Tear of the Sun. Meanwhile, Walker is still holding her breath, without knowing that her prize is being taken away. Subscribe to watch more videos like this, turn on notifications, and leave a like and comment to help the channel out. Thank you for watching, and see you, next time. 