listen, James Gunn has three cinematic universes going on right now. he's got his own Marvel franchise. you know, at one point he did it, but now he does again. they're trusting him at DC with Suicide Squad so much that they're pretending like the previous one didn't even happen as they recast half of it. and now he's got his own little universe as the reverse of the other two. that, to me, is super impressive. but what stands out even more to me is how tight-knit he makes his sets. his buddy is a director of this movie. his cousin mark and brother Brian wrote the script. they filmed it in secret, and intended to reveal it at San Diego comic-con and then drop it in November, right away. before you know, Disney bit the bait from a troll movie, then got delayed from November 2018 to may 20 19. which, if you don't think release dates matter, let me tell you, I go to a lot of winter film festivals where the movies are getting praised, and then by the time that they get their summer release, they're torn to shreds. sometimes it has to do with you know, the producers changing stuff in the movie. other times it has to do with the climate of movies and what people are looking for. because, like, I was reading the summary of Rotten Tomatoes, and I'm like, I don't know. I think the trailer did show you exactly what they were gonna give you to others, they are upset that it does feel like Man of Steel gone wrong. man zack snyder's MOS was so dark. James Gunn hold my beer. I really am a big fan of Zacks Man of Steel, and Zack and I have been friends for a long time. that's just funny to me, cos spider fans are something else. it's like like they are yelling at someone who's friends with the person they look up to. no one told them to yell at the person they're yelling at. by the way, the tone does vary a bit, but I still think it's faithful to its trailer. I still hope that they set up this reverse justice league that they have planned. and I definitely find it interesting that, technically this can be considered a sequel to another gun movie, named super let me explain. so obviously, this is playing on the what if Superman were Damian from The Omen. you have a family living in Brighton, Kansas who I believe, had trouble having children. so what a miracle it is that a spaceship lands in their backyard in 2006, containing a beautiful baby boy. all the same Messiah, Immaculate Conception metaphors are there, but with a darker twist, because this kid is weird. by the time he's hitting puberty, the parents are fully aware that there's something up with him. because this boys never blood in his life. no, no, he does not. now that he's hitting puberty, he's starting to notice all these different abilities. he's touching the lawn mower blades at full speed for some reason. he's chewing Forks without even knowing. imagine any angsty white twelve-year-old kid out there who breaks his controller playing Fortnight. imagine what he would do with his Tantrums if he had superpowers. right? superpowers. one tantrum and we're all screwed. now, while I did have fun with this movie, I agree with the criticisms that the director himself even talked about with the tone kind of varying a lot. the powers make for great horror set pieces. but then it'll cut to a scene that's a lot funnier than you expect it to be. but the biggest factor, to me, is the idea of what makes Brandon evil. because we've seen various incarnations from DC themselves. there's red Sun that does a great job of exploring an alternate Superman. if he had landed in Soviet Russia, you know, he accepts Superman's symbolism because he's wearing our colors, he's fighting for us, but switched the setting. and his morals now seem like propaganda. Smallville, of course, was all about nature versus nurture and how his parents shaped him. Man of Steel makes those same type of decisions, but just a little bit more angsty er. and bbs also has the Batman side of things, where it assumed that we had already Thor the family, and we're supposed to already know how heartbroken Batman was supposed to be, even though I I do feel they should have shown us the movie where Batman's heart got broken. but bright burn is different because he's just evil. there isn't really a shift or an event that caused him to turn this way. like it did not matter how great these two's parenting was, because they just threw that psychology out the window. he's evil just because that's the way he is. and I assume all of the other beings mentioned within the post-credits scenes of this movie are supposed to be that way because their alien origins say. so, that shipped that the parents hid in the barn starts speaking to him now that he's hit puberty, and, in a sense, is controlling him. it's becoming sort of beehive. and I think it's an interesting angle, because if you really look at his costume, I mean, this thing's based off of a wasp. they purposefully, even have a lesson at school where they're talking about wasps. his sound effects as he zips away is like a wasp buzz. so this insect metaphor definitely seems to be on purpose. it's not of this. on my world, it means hope the irony. and there'd be no hope for Brandon with this one. anyways, my seller, jr. over here, gets caught when his mom finds human anatomy diagrams within his porn stash. yeah, a mature dad then gives the worst to talk about the birds and the bees to this wasp. and encourages him to give in to his urges from time to time. which, okay, one, if you're a father out there, listen up. ya. gotta be blunt. don't let any leeway go through. number two, we're talking again about a boy who had human anatomy diagrams in his porn stache. he then sneaks into his classmates room because he's following his dad's advice. and because he's never seen one alpha M video in his entire life, he thinks you're supposed to crush your crushes arm. and the mom defends Brandon from all of this buffoonery. see, if there's one thing that I learned from this movie is that my wife and I, when we have kids, we better listen to each other and never choose the kid over us. if I tell her, if I wake up one morning and I say, yo, this kid is Demian 2.0 without a with 100% certainty, she better pull out the receipt cuz we're taking him back, no questions. of course, tori is ignorant to all the signs, and deciced i drop a bombshell on Brandon, telling him that his entire existence is a lie, and that he came from space. and while a regular kid would be grateful that two strangers protected him, Brandon feels like his fabric of reality has been shredded, and the sites to shred everyone else. this is why I say, never lie to your kids. yeah? and imagine telling a kid that Santa isn't real, and you had no idea they had superpowers, and all of a sudden he throws you up the chimney instead. what's easily the most gruesome scene is the diner one, because, as a person who wears contacts myself, I hated the eye. see, he's trying to get back at his crushes mom, because she tried, you know, snitching on him and getting him in trouble for hurting her daughter. and judging by his speed and strength, this lady was done. so the moment she clocked in, kids a little sloppy, though, and decides to leave behind his logo, like, all over the place. and I was just laughing cuz his logo looks like an edgier version of the S. you know, they asked that we were all drawing in middle school. but I'm telling you, he leaves his card at every crime scene. it also doesn't help that his aunt as a counselor at a school and is now all up in his business. for starters, according to my school counselors didn't do anything like I have never seen a counselor help a regular kid. so how the hell is the counselor gonna help a super-powered alien who's going through puberty in the midst of feeling betrayed and alone? they ain't bloodhound. Brandon must have watched Goodfellas, cuz he decides to pay his aunt a visit at her house, letting her know that snitches get stitches, and then proceeds to kill his uncle because he was gonna do just dance and that Joe sing was crazy. at this point, the dad is angrier than when he lost Pam Beesly, and decides to take his kid out hunting and shoot him in the skull. you have full immunity. [Music], you're dead. and he's dunzo. the police don't confront the mom about the symbol, considering that the initials are BB, Brandon Brier, and the mangas goes straight for the shredder. she literally doesn't get that her child is maniacal until he's ruining the drywall in her kitchen. then she remembers that the hidden ship in the deck was the only thing that's ever caught him recently. and magically, she's able to all run a superhuman to the barn, grabs a char to take him out, and goes in with the longest wind-up I have ever seen. it was so long she died. man. this is not the night king. it's evil Superman. y'all have heard me bash slaps with how long those wind ups are, that you know, they take forever. you can literally go brew Kona coffee, come back, still have time to duck. I'm telling you this lady, I get to deter kid. but she was moving at point to speed against a super-powered teenager. of course, he was going to kill you. Brandon has now fully broken bad. and just like their season two, he sets up a plane crash, making it look like he's the only survivor. all the evidence is gone. and the only person who knows anything about his little secret is Yann tea. for those who don't know, Brian Gunn and Michael Rooker tend to be in almost like every gun production, again, because of how tight-knit they are. and here he shows up in the credits playing a conspirator named Big T who claims to know about a league of super-powered people. he mentions a half man, which I guess can be an evil bat to robot. he talks about a half sea monster, which is clearly evil Aquaman. a woman choking people with rope like a villain, is Wonder Woman. but then he also shows a picture of Dwight shoot himself as the character the Crimson bolt, that he played in James Gunn's film super. again, it could just be an easter egg, but if you haven't seen super, which is on Hulu, and, you know, just be warned, it's very vulgar. I think it's interesting because the connection goes beyond the producer is super is a story about a guy who wants to get his girlfriend back because she left them while he's trying to become a superhero. he tends to also have a lot of violent outbursts and desires, like someone else who we know. so maybe instead of it being like split where David done shows up to fight, he ends up being someone who joins the rest of this evil league, as maybe the evil Batman character. super has a similar bloody comedic tone like bright burn, just with a lower budget. so it's not too far off to consider them in the same universe, thus making bright burn a sequel. but in terms of the bright burn sequel, there's actually even more to that. there was, in fact, another alternate ending that had to be cut that was supposed to set up bright burn to where Brandon's crush, Catelyn, wakes up in a lab, angry, with a robo arm on, ready to take revenge on the boy who ruined her life. so I don't know if they're gonna make that, but I would definitely come back for round 2, I think. after checking out this video, I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. I know a lot of people felt that it was empty. but again, I think we give a lot of credit for these other cinematic universes. and considering this is something that is going after Superman, we already compared all the knowledge we have for Superman. but again, if they're comparing it to super and they have an idea for all of these other like spin-offs with the evil Wonder Woman, Aquaman, yo, I say, give it a chance. I'm excited for it, especially with the way that they're pitching it, because they said that they, the original plan was to announce it again in July, and then four months later drop it. and they have mentioned Cloverfield. it's kind of being like that. so if clover fields anthology series is for, like, weird monsters, this but for superheroes, of movie's apology for superheroes, where we get a trailer any day whatsoever, and all of a sudden is just, you know, connecting the story. I think that would be dope. you know, the next one ends up dropping on Super Bowl Sunday and it's on Netflix. that would be crazy. but I'm curious to know your guys tops on this. I did think that, technically, when you look at it, I've never seen Super Heroes really cover the baby aspect, other than jack check. but I thought it was an interesting perspective. again, the only problem with it was that they were just automatically evil. I wish it had something to do with, like, the parents accidentally did something wrong, as like, the parents were good, they end up making Dumber decisions at the end. but the parents didn't do anything wrong with a reason for 12 years. and I guess time in absolutely nothing. once the Machine started talking to him. but Pearson, our guy, starts down below in the comments section. I am curious to see if they continue these. but other than that, let me know your thoughts. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. and Billy Irish will sink bad guy at your birthday 