[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka lyra, lyra pants on fire. in this video, we're breaking down the finale of his dark materials season two. obviously, full spoilers ahead for the episode. and we will be going over some aspects of the book. so if you don't want any of the big questions answered or the cliffhanger, then i highly recommend that you turn off now. if you enjoy the video, then please drop a thumbs up and make sure you subscribe to the channel for breakdowns like this each and every day. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into his dog materials. okay, so the series has a whole host of things to talk about. and we started off with lyra stepping through a tear in her dimension that was created by lord azrael. at a seemingly desolate location known as the city of angels, she met will parry, and together the two set out on a quest to track down his father. and the subtle knife i i know this city's called city gaze or something, but every time i go to pronounce it, i get it wrong. so i'm just avoiding it like the specters. now, the knife was capable of cutting through everything, even the fabric of reality. and well, became the bearer. along the way, lyra met a character known as dr malone who had been studying dark matter in wills, or rather our universe, and she quickly became an ally. but not everyone had lyra's best interests at heart. he watched as lord boreal two sought the knife, and he actually was taken out in quite shocking fashion elsewhere. lee scores be tracked down will's father, john parry, who was masquerading under a new identity. john insisted that lee take him to the city as a city of angels, as he was told he would meet the bearer of the subtle knife. and episode 8 followed everyone heading towards this location, whilst trying to fight off the forces of the magisterium. now, i'm not going to be doing a recap, per say, as you've probably watched the episode. rather, i just want to skim through the plot whilst answering the big questions surrounding this entry. first one you may have is, who are the creatures that ruta comes face to face with during the beginning of the episode? well, these are actually cliff gasts, who you may remember from attacking lyra and lee in season 1 when they were on the former's balloon. the cliff ghasts worship a blind prophet who they refer to as grandfather. and the deity actually predated humans. this grandfather predicted that the battle to end all battles would come one day, and that lord azrael would be the victor if he possessed the subtle knife, which they call the asahetra pro probably butcher the pronunciation of that too, but never mind. this is why, when will wakes up after the intro, we too hear a voice in his head discussing a weapon that's powerful enough to destroy the authority. and in season three, expect to see a lot more discussion on this. now, as for lord azrael, it feels like forever since we last saw him, and at one point i was actually thinking that we might not even get james mcavoy at all. however, at the end of this entry, we catch him recruiting the rebel angels and learning that he needs to get the knife in order to win. the word asahetra actually translates to god destroyer, and thus it is the key to defeating the magisterium, as they, of course, are a religious group. so we have several characters learning that their destiny is tied to it. and this, of course, will cause a lot of issues down the line. now, angels in this world mean something slightly different, similar to how demons carries an alternate meaning to it, angels are actually made completely out of dust, and they will become paramount in defeating the authority. however, that doesn't mean that things will be easy for azrael. due to his treatment of roger, we know that the guy has no chill when it comes to killing kids. and lyra, of course, still holds a grudge against him. we'll discuss roger later on. but i do think that going forward, will and lyra will be at odds with him, though it won't last too long. going off the source material. now, if you're wondering what the war itself is, well, it all has to do with dust. dust is seen as being given by the angels, and many view it as the thing that gives humanity free will. this allows humans to do as they please, and therefore it is possible for them to live sinful lives. thus the magisterium want to take dust away from humanity, so that people are no longer tempted by their desires, and in turn, the authority will be able to control them. this is what azrael wants to stop, and why the character will need the knife. now, mrs coulter also plays a big part in the entry, and we watch as she wanders through the city of angels before coming face to face with lyra after killing lord boreal. it seems like she's fully on the i don't give an f mode. and throughout this season, we've watched as she's pretty much caused a war between the witches and magisterium, just just for a laugh. now a big twist comes when she discovers that lyra is actually part of the witch's prophecy, and that she goes by the name eve, aka the mother of all. the season was laced with hints towards this, and at one point, boreal, whose demon was a snake, tried to tempt her in order to get the elethiometer. lyra and willa also sort of stand-ins for adam and eve, as after both gained knowledge that there was something else, they travelled from their homes and could potentially start a new world. the magisterium believe that lyra or other eve will eventually unleash dust on humanity, and thus they will be completely unable to control their subjects. juxtaposing this, the witches want it to happen, as it will finally give the world free will and mean that people are no longer bowed by a group of religious zealots. in our culture, eve is sometimes looked down upon as she represents someone weak world, who fell victim to temptation. and she's pretty much responsible for making humanity be cast out of the garden of eden. however, dark materials just alter this slightly, and instead of having her as someone who's a representation of sin, she's seen more as a person who represents knowledge. eve is seen as someone that ate the fruit from the tree of knowledge. and this, of course, gave humanity the ability to think for itself. however, the magisterium see those that possess knowledge and question things as basically heresy. they they say heresy a lot. now, the prophecy itself contains a character known as the serpent, who, it is said, will try and tempt eve. this serpent will give her a choice of whether to unleash dust on the world or not. and thus it will allow the humans to question things even more. but who exactly is this serpent? well, spoilers for the book, but it's actually revealed in the end to be mary malone. now we don't know whether lyra will give into this, but if eve has anything to go by, then she likely will. and humanity will have to deal with the consequences of fully getting their free will, for better or worse. her mother will likely throw some spanners in the works, and it's going to be interesting to see how their relationship develops over the next season. there's a really interesting bit at about the midpoint of the episode in which we see colter furious at a demon for doubting that she should help lyra. i think this is because it knows that there's only one way that it can really go. and if coulter is willing to help lyra no matter what, then both her and the demon's life will be at risk. she some inspectors at one point, and i love how she and azrael are characters that you can't really get a read on. they seem evil, but have done good from time to time, and are by far some of the most complex people in the show. they make for a great double act. and speaking of double axe, we watched the death of both john parry and lee scorsby in this episode. i've seen a lot of people shocked that the two both died, and is confirmed by their demons disappearing, which cements that they are indeed gone. however, that doesn't mean they're gone for good. and both john and lee have a way in which they can return. now i'm jumping ahead a bit here, but the post credit scene of the episode has an appearance by roger parslow, who, of course, died in the first season. i'm guessing a lot of people are confused over this, but this is actually a key element in the third book. and we discover that he's in the land of the dead, which is basically the afterlife. in the saga, the domain is hell, and the authority roam over this dimension, torturing those who they view as living sinful lives. now i'm not sure exactly on the chronology of this, as it seems weird that lyra goes from being with coulter to ending up in the land of the dead. i do have a theory though, that this might actually be a flash forward or rather a scene from the third season, as this location doesn't pop up until much later in that novel. now in the work, using the subtle knife, will and lyra travel to this dominion, and this is where they commit to freeing the spirit's trap there. so there is indeed a way that jon and lee can both come back. i really hope they get it, as i found both their deaths quite touching. now watching, i'm not crying now, watching john die after saving will was a really shocking moment. and it kind of sucked for the character that he'd come all this way only to have his dad die before they could have more father and son moments together. i think will blamed his dad for a lot of things that happened, but accepted in the end that he was trying to serve a higher purpose. he's also the one who made will accept that he was the night bearer, and instilled in him this idea of duty before he saved his life. now, the episode ends with mrs coulter coming across lyra, and she basically kidnaps the character and takes her with her. going forward from this part and delving into what kicks starts the third book. we actually see that because colter knows lyra is the next steve, that she will not let her out of his sight. and similarly, the first season, she will keep her captive. due to her escape last time the pair were together, i don't think she'll be as easy on her, and instead, lyra will need help from a higher power. now in the third volume, angels actually go to will and tell him that he must give azrael a knife in order to fight the authority. however, he doesn't, and instead he goes after lyra, who has been hidden in a cave. i'm not going to be spoiling the full work beyond what i have, but together, they then travel to the land of the dead, which is why i believe that this scene with roger is a flash forward. apologies if that's ruin anything, but i think i kind of had to talk about the bits in between in order to get up to the bit about roger. in the post credits scene, we see lyra saying, what is this place? so she had to arrive there somehow, which i think the opening episode of season 3 will fill in. now, as for the show as a whole, i found it a bit hit and miss a point. i kind of wish that we got more of the specters as well as the sinister side of the series. i've seen a lot of people say that this entry was boring, and looking at my views on my earlier videos, i'm not sure many people are that interested in it. however, i do think that the series was worth sticking with, and those who know what happens in the third volume will be aware of just how much things heat up. overall, though it wasn't perfect, i did enjoy this entry and kept coming back to it every week, even after i stopped doing breakdowns on it. now i did have a lot of people ask why these suddenly ceased, and it's purely down to the fact that a lot of people weren't watching them. i know that's kind of a crappy way to handle content, as most of you will watch your video no matter who else does. but i actually do this full time, and and every video takes about six to ten hours to make. so when you're putting in what could end up being 70 hours, which is pretty much two full weeks of work, and not getting much back for it, it does become frustrating rather than fun. i kind of have to choose what topics i cover carefully, as those are basically what keep me in the job. i mean, i can keep making videos in the long run, which is why i step back from covering the show. again, nothing to do with my feelings towards this series, but when you're self-employed, you kind of have to think about your living a lot of the time. anyway, i know many of you won't care about that, but this is a your question censored video. so i thought i'd answer the one i've personally been asked the most. hope you guys understand and enjoy the last breakdown. and i will, of course, be covering the end of season 3. overall, i did really enjoy his dark materials. i know the first season was better, in my opinion, this had enough to keep me coming back. hopefully next time we get more of a relationship between lyra and her parents, as that seems sorely missing. but as far as developing the one that she has with will, i i can't fault it too much. his dark materials was a cool second season, and it gets a 7 out of 10. and don't forget that on the 30th of december, we're giving away three copies of the lord of the rings 4k box set. to our subscribers, all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video. make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the season. the links to our socials are in the description. and you can also support the channel by clicking the join button. and as a thank you, you get videos like this early. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of how to kill wonder woman, which will be linked on screen right now. it's probably one of my favorite videos i've ever made. and we go through all of the best ways to take it down if the occasion ever comes to it. without the way. thank you for sitting through this. i've been paul, i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 