miss Wilkerson, you two were married on June 6th, 1998, barely. and do you Ronald effin Bergesen, take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife? you left before we even did our first dance, and you know, our choreography was on pause. I'm gonna take everything you got. Ronald Wilkinson, I know you mean well, but just stop trying to help. but I wanna help. all I want is to be the daughter I should have been this whole time. I don't even really want money for honor. I just wanted to apologize. Ronald Wilkerson was declared legally dead by this woman. so because Ronald Wilkerson is dead, Miss Brooks, you can't sue him. how is your wife still Sonja, yes. thank you. maybe you should go back to New York. oh, okay, if that's the way you feel. oh, stop it. all I want is not to be deported. that's it. but I think you should leave Thunder. I'm sorry. the friendship we had was deep and real. but if you'll have me, I'd like to be your friend without benefits. why is your phone going straight to voicemail? what are you doing here? I need a place to stay. I just found out my ex-husband sold the townhouse. of course, you can stay here, but wouldn't you rather be in a fancy hotel? no, I can't afford that right now. but you have 12 million. shut your mouth. don't ever let anyone know how little I got in the divorce. so sorry, it's just that I throw away some clothes earlier, and then I hunted and gretel myself to your backless car. there is a rumor that you only got 12 million from Juliette. Wow, that is absurd. I've never had 12 of anything. you want to go out sometime? [Music], using my 12 million dollars to punch Deirdre and her white mouth sold till the lady in the front row for 11 and a half million dollars. thanks to the divorce. I don't actually own anything, but for a few months I could pretend to be dealing with the decorator. son of a how could Julian do this? I know. how could Julian do this? I know. going public so soon, this is exactly what Stanley did to me. Kimmy, I'm glad you're here. see, I took your advice. I went out and found the opposite of Julian. just like you said, look at how young and poor he is. your Julian. now that's ridiculous. I'm helping him with his what was it a DJ career? without the founder, I'd be lost. thanks to cosmetology, my life has purpose. my eyebrows have definition, and I can control things with my mind. but I found at different cults. one that's perfect for you. just listen to their leader. just shut up and let me hear the leader. the sheep's must follow. you're gonna move on in your own way by starting a cult. I'm the one who'd have to property. brothers. this cut you. you need foundation work rewiring. I bet you have termites. and I can't take on a project like that unless you're willing to. I'm Kimberly Schmitz. I'm supposed to take my GED tomorrow, but I never got my confirmation letter. took a couple of years, but I'm finally gonna graduate high school. I thought I made myself clear. clearly. Canadian Crystal Pepsi, I was just dropping off your GED letter. what this is in a couple weeks and time right? I don't want to work for you anymore because I want to go back to just being your friend. I promise to help you with whatever you need whenever you need it. if you let me borrow your car in between times, cuz you're looking at a fudging uber driver. today's the day, mom. I'm doing it. everything I came back to New York to do tonight is my big charity thing, of course. and we'll be proud of you no matter how it goes. thank you for coming to support first Americans for turtle island when the Pilgrims landed in the New World. no, this is to benefit Native Americans and to resolve hundreds of years. hold on. we didn't get rich by throwing money away. I failed. the Jews took my painting. now it's a baaad. so you found my scrunchie under your pillow. so I told her the truth that I put it there because I'm trying to drive the two of you apart. fine. I give up now that I know how you really feel about me. goodbye. forever. I hate you so much. crazy American witch. I hate you too. you know what? I quit. I'm going home to celebrate fake Christmas. what the people have, fake love. I smell your scrunchie and dream of when I am divorced in two years. yes, if I can't live like this, run away with me. no, you were right this whole time. we shouldn't wait to live our lives. but I'm afraid I can't leave until the Mondrian does. look, I'm not the bad guy here. okay, he has a chat. I haven't flown private in so long. [Music], you're the best thing that's ever happened. we're never going to see each other again. it's really gross back here. it's never gonna be perfect. you're uncomfortable with conflict. abs. how come is that? huh? huh? number two vote, do you put other people's needs ahead of yours? because your name ously, I can't be the person to help you. what? why? I mean, I tucked you in and helped you cut up pictures of someone named Trent's good lord. that's why it would be completely unethical. the doctor-patient relationship requires boundary. day me, sucks. I'm sorry. she wouldn't treat you. maybe I could see you at night. no, if I'm gonna do this, I kind of want someone who remembers stuff. I'm starting therapy tomorrow. we are both equally brave. let's start from the beginning. excuse me, miss, can you tell me how to get to the nursing college? no, I can't, stranger, but I can show you. [Music]. I gotta come out to my family like I did it along. no, you said we have less than 24 hours to prepare. what does that mean? what am I supposed to prepare? and the bunker is not the only thing that defines you. I know that. I just want to go fat. my parents met while my mom was a beauty technician and my dad came to get a perm they did it once at the bathroom of a Ruby Tuesday's resurface most Phoebe reduces. I don't really know him, but his name starts with an S or a v. I was born on a roller coaster during tornado alert. wait, what? I'm just gay. okay, I'm gay. okay. Pope seems to be for it, so Who am I to go against our gay Pope? supposedly, one in ten is gay. so one of our kids had to be. can you think of any other woman in your life who has laid down one who maybe you blame cuz of your in the bunker? my mother bingo ain't just a river in Egypt. they think they're gonna build condos here. let's see, I'm dry. if this wedding is making my friend Kimmy cried that I'm not getting married. Thank You, Kenny. my mom is a coaster head. she's addicted to riding roller coasters. I see what it's dumb. eat him. I do order the car. Russ is the man I spent the past few weeks pursuing. he's just finishing up a phone call. no, no, no, Jerry. you push those people out of their homes, I'll push your wife's wedding ring out of my ass. I don't have to go away where to a conference? conference is therapists code for rehab. like how Oh, interesting. go on is code for, I hate you and your stupid life. I put his needs before mine. listen, we want to offer you the part of guy who stalks Tracy chambers in mahogany. what you Cassie? that is exactly what we look for in our cruise ship performers. you gotta take that job. what are you talking about? you just told me you want to move in together. I do, but we can figure that out when you get back in four months, I'm gonna find my mom. I don't know how. I have no idea where she could be. but if I can find every gosh-dang waldo that's ever crossed my path, then I can find Lois. well, that is in Orlando. baby. I love you so much. I'm so sorry, baby. I'm so sorry. I know I don't often pay, but if you're listening, black Jesus from the Madonna like a prayer video, give me a sign. evidently, this woman fell asleep while protesting a new development in each dog novel and and the video may have actually raised awareness about the neighborhood among Internet. happens you're supposed to be in Miami. Jesus, I thought we were past this, but you're just hiding from the real world again. maybe I found where I belong. there's a Space Museum here. so you guys are Redskins fans? well, I don't want to brag, but, uh, we'd kind of own the team. miss coughs. Doug, have you ever thought about running for office? I under that I really liked you. but the Redskins, how is that still a thing? that name? for years, I've been trying to get them to change it to something cool, like the prancer's we can take down the Washington Redskins. I have a soul, man, and you and I've entitled that emotion. you sound like that reporter the police station, ladies, treating me like you got there's nothing I can say that will unconnect or fix my childhood or give you the life you wanted before you had me. so, like I said, we're cool, right? yeah. hello, Jimmy. it's dead. which do you want? I met someone and I'm getting married. uh-huh? so you and me are gonna have to get a divorce, Jimmy. [Music], you 