[Music]. spider-man, into the spider-verse, has just received its world premiere. and like most modern marvel movies, the film doesn't stock just because the credits start rolling. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything you need to know about the post-credits cameo that comes after the film. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers, so if you don't want to know anything just yet, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. but everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I ruin it so you don't have to. in the post-credits scene of into the spider verse, we joined spider-man 2099, played by none other than Oscar Isaac. there were rumors that Isaac was cast in the film over a year ago, and it's great to see him behind the first Latin Spider Man. in his New York apartment, 2099 uses a web slinging gadget that allows him to hurl across the universe to earth 66. earth 66, like its namesake, as the 1967 cartoon that aired during the 60s on CBS, the show recently saw a resurgence with a number of memes. so it's brilliant to see every surface here. as 2099 arrives at Earth 67, he bumps into that universes spider-man and the two Spidey's recreate one of the show's most famous means. fans will obviously lap this up. and I adored seeing the meme play out on the big screen. it's clear that Sony have some big plans for the expansion of the spider-verse, and I can't wait to see what they are. so what are your thoughts on the post-credits scene of into the spider verse? I already know you loved it, so leave your comments below on what you think this could be saying. up if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this week's other big comic book thing, The Walking Dead's midseason finale, which will be linked at the end of this video. this is the channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 