welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and it's continuing to be a big week for DC fans, with the internet now getting new leaks and plot details on the upcoming film of birds of prey. throughout this video, I'm gonna be going over everything we know so far about the DC movie, as well as what could potentially happen in it. there will be heavy spoilers here. and no, all leaks like this should be taken with a grain of salt. there are potentially movie ruining reveals. so if you don't want the film spoiled, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for click in this video. now let's get into our breakdown of the birds of prey plot leaks. okay, so this comes from the DC EU leaks thread on reddit, namely user D RF d RF - - they posted quite a substantial leak on the entire movie, and this covers pretty much the full plot. the user said that the film opens on Cassandra Cain, who is poor and lives on the streets. Cain is constantly stealing for a family, and after doing it so long, she's pretty good at it. in the film, she steals a diamond from a flamboyant underground kingpin known as Black Mask, who runs multiple businesses and several nightclubs. Kane is quickly hunted by the villain, and she ends up on the run. eventually, while steering this she encounters Holly Quinn, who has recently split with the Joker and was kicked out of the house. Holly has a lot of fun with Cassandra, and they go out and buy food for Holly's hyena. during all of this, black mask, aka Roman sionis has his goons constantly after them. and this makes for some big action set-pieces. the second act follows Huntress, who is an assassin that works for Black Mask. she sent out to kill Cassie Kane and Holly Quinn. however, on her mission, she learns that Roman is the reason that her family is dead. she goes completely off and turned on sionis attempting to kill him. and after she fails, she too goes on the run. Huntress really wants to kill black mask, and her only shot at doing this is through Cassandra Cain, who she knows the villain is after Dinah Lance a retired vigilante and a singer for Roman. he is about the dime and steps out of retirement in order to save cassandra from the villain. Renee Montoya notices the rise in killings in Gotham and decided to do some work on her own. she knows that the GCPD won't be able to stop a kingpin as big as Roman, and she takes matters into her own hands. since Black Canary, Huntress and Renee are all after the same girl, they all come together at some point, and Roman gets a mask, but it only covers half of his face, and the mask itself is an art piece. for the final act, the birds of prey is formed. and at this point they have a lot more of Romans goons after them. Cassandra Cain ends up being retrieved by Roman, and the birds of prey and Renee Montoya have to join together in order to get her back. this is apparently the reshoots that they were doing. and it just flashes out the plot a bit more. in the finale, Roman is defeated, but he's set up for a potential sequel. and ending twist is that the whole fuss about the diamond was that it is actually a gay sex tape that has Romans picks on it. the user also posted a list of other notable leaks, including, the kill count in this movie is ridiculous. the Bo P has no problem killing at all. Huntress is very sarcastic, similar to Jessica Jones, and she gets her mask and costume in the film. most of the birds of prey have worked for Roman or have known him in some other way. and most importantly, black mask kind of runs everything in Gotham. Roman is entirely cold-blooded and has no remorse for anyone. he happily kills women, men and children in the movie, all in his quest to attain power. and that concludes all of the plot leaks that we have. the user does say that the movie is bonkers and chaotic, but that it's a lot of fun. now personally, if these leaks do turn out to be true, I think the movie sounds pretty standard and almost just sort of like a rehash of the Suicide Squad with a new lick of paint. whilst I did enjoy that film as a guilty pleasure, I'm not sure that I'm open to sitting through another version of it. which revolves around tracking down a gay sex tape. I'm not homophobic or anything. I just think it seems like a really weird plot device for a comic book movie. and if it was a straight sex tape, then, yeah, I definitely think the same thing as well. I think that if this is the real storyline of the film, then DC, they just need to sort out their identity crisis, excuse the pun, they're comic-book fans, and decide what kind of movies they want to make. we have seen at the Joker, and I've going Batman. movies are going off in completely new directions. and this kind of seems to be undoing all of that instead focusing on some pretty dumb elements. I mean, it's great that we are getting the critically acclaimed Joker film, but then to constantly be rehashing things that a lot of fans hated, such as the squad's outing, seems, I don't know, like a waste of time really. now, as always, this is purely down to the execution of the film. and if the tone about the sex tape is right, then this could easily be up there with the rest of the better films in the DC. slate. potentially, potentially. I must must stress that as of now, though, this hasn't really got me excited for the movie. and if anything, I'm kind of thinking that this would be a dud. nor remains to be seen, but personally, I would have thought that the company would have been focused on that new direction, rather than constantly reminding us of some of its perceived films. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this. and if you disagree with me or not, let me know if this is made you more excited for the film, or if you are expecting better. comment below, as always. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and make sure you check out my full breakdown of the casting news that jeffrey wright will be Commissioner Gordon in the upcoming Batman movie. I go over the announcement and give my thoughts on it. so make sure you check it out after this. if you want something else to watch. if you want to come chat to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, that make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and topics. so hopefully I see you over there after this. also, just want to let you know that we're currently giving away spider-man far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video. make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on birds-of-prey in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random, looked over the 15 so best of luck to everyone he takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 