welcome to Game of Thrones, season 4. it begins with Ned Stark's big sword. it's being melted down to two by big, bad daddy Tywin Lannister. he gives one to Jaime, whose hand was cut off last season, so he's not very good with swords at the moment, he gets a gold ham put on his getting Tyrians man, bran. but teach him to fight left-handed. B sucks. he's also trying to bang a sister Cersei again, but she's not having it. now, Tyrion Lannister is meeting the Dornish Prince, Oberyn Martell, the red Viper come to town. brought his wife straight to the brothel because they're into group sex. is also bisexual. now, his sister, Elia Martell, is married to the old Targaryen Prince Terrien. facting Rob's rebellion, and the Lannister soldiers brutally murdered her, so he hates all Lannisters. no, tear Ian's [ __ ] girlfriend, Shay. long story short, they about the fight. and Tyrion is married to Sansa Stark, which is just hilarious. now this guy comes like, remember me from season 2? Joffrey tried to drown me in the wine, but you saved me. so now I'm a jester. and here's a necklace for you. Brienne of Tarth and Jaime were supposed to deliver Sansa Stark to her mom, but of course, Catelyn Stark dead. so what you're gonna do? Jon Snow, and the Nights Watch. here's Mance Rayder, can't be on the wall, coming down with a huge army of wildlings. and South Duvall some more, including his hot redhead girlfriend, regret. and this new scary guy, who is a cannibal. the Bolton's are elsewhere in the north. this is Roose Bolton. he was one of Rob's lords who stabbed him at the red wedding. that's his fat new wife, was one of Walder Frey's ugly daughters. and this is bastard Ramsay snow, the guy who's been torturing Theon. he calls him reek now. and Fianna is just a shell of a human being at this point. he's like, look, went beyond burn bran and Rickon Stark in season 2. it wasn't really them. so we have to find him and kill him. so they send the guy who cut off Jamie's hand to do that. now, Brandon's just wandering the north with his friends. he's touching trees, tripping out. three-eyed Raven, whatever. Arya and the Hound, this pair is amazing. they stopped at an inn and see Needle her swords, who's awesome. seems like, give me the chickens. what? then, ok, kills everyone. and then Arya gets her sword back, and she's like, hey bro, remember when you killed my friend in season 2? well I'm gonna quote that back - and stab you in the neck, huh? cold blooded. Daenerys Targaryen. dragons huge. a little bit unruly though. this is Daario naharis herself, sword captain. I looked like this before. he's been recast now it looks like this. he's like, yo, girl, I got you flowers. she's like, young. but Jorah doesn't like this cuz he loves her, and this city they're going to is crucifying enslaved kids, so that's bad. now, Joffrey King ado, she's being married. Margaery Tyrell loves to wear low neckline dresses. they get married and have a ward 5 Tunes reenactment that's in really poor taste with midgets and it's torment and give me my wine. oh, I'm choking. what? Joffrey's choking, y'all. he's dead. yes, finally, Joffrey is dead. that's a purple wedding. Tyrion looks super guilty, though, so they arrest him. this guy's like, stands - come with me to Littlefinger on a boat. what happened? Littlefinger? you kill Joffrey? yes, I was working with grandma Tyrell. we put the poison on your necklace and the wine couch. they didn't want Margaery marry job because it's the worst. his brother, Tommen, though, is not the worst. he's an okay kid, so he's going to be fine. these two are sad that Suns dead. it's like, let's hook up. no, let's not. yes, we should. and they have like sort of rapey incest sex and shirts in front of the dead body of the Sun. Marjorie goes to visit Tom and it's like, hey, I'm in Petra cat. are we gonna be really good friends? yes, we are. do we kiss yet? now, you're still too young for that, whatever. Denarius gets to marine. they send out the champion. he takes a piss so it's like, someone killed this guy. Dario's like, yo, girl, I got you. boom, BAM, Dario the man, sploosh. she's like, heal slaves. I'm here for you. so she sends in great worm captain to inside a slave rebellion, and they take the city without a fight. so that's cool. Barristan the bold is like, yo, maybe show some mercy. she's like, nah, no, mercy. crucify all the Masters. also, she's got a castle. has pretty sweet fat Sam at the wall with his girlfriend Julie, sends it to a random nearby village. at a different nearby village, attacked by marauding wildlings. it's because like, I meet your parents. tell the Nights Watch. they're just trying to draw us out. we gotta defend mall. what? what about the uni Erza Craster's keep for my season? we got to kill them. they're just drinking out of skulls and having sex with all Craster's daughters wives. it's called a [ __ ] legend here, like, hey, we got a baby you got to put out in the snow like Christ used to do, picked up by a white Walker, and it brings him to ice village with albino Darth Maul turned them into one crazy Bolton's man, fake joins the Nights Watch so we can find brand, who is captured by the mutineers at Craster's keep. Joe Gentz like, don't worry. we don't got here. I died later my fire. the next watch arrives. this guy's gonna take you. so brand warms into Hodor and breaks free. corner. use Nick break. oh, what Toto's like? I don't understand what I do. Brad sees John, but they don't want to talk to him because he'll take them home. so they leave to go find the three-eyed raven Carla, who can legend fights Jon Snow, and it's like all sword through mouth nuts and ghost his direwolf. they are, buddy. you burn down Craster's keep. but speaking of fire, Stannis the Baratheon here is is red woman, Melisandre. they're burning heretics. Stannis's wife loves it. they get news that Joffrey's dead, and it's like, yo, bro, remember when I leached the Kings blood out of that bastard and put the names in the fire to kill all the kings? you send him away. but that worked. I could really use some king's blood. but doused is like, no, I have another plan, Bravo's we'll go get a loan from the iron bank. remember, the crown is deeply in debt the iron bank. so it's like, talk to hand Stannis man, show me the money. so they go see his pirate. it's like, yo, bro, you're back on the payroll. and there we go. stances daughter, Shireen, she's nice. she's got the scarred face. she doesn't like burning people. and so her mom's like, yo, we should leave her here when we go. but it's like, no, no. the Lord of Light has a use for her. we got to bring our ominous now, Arya is saying all the names people she wants to tell, which hilariously includes the Hound. and they guys have some awesome adventures together that I can't really get into, but it's like, you know, she killed more people. cool. Daenerys got the city. Darla's like, yo, girl, got your [ __ ]. it's like, enough ships to get to Westeros. millions of viewers say, yes, please, Westeros. but Jorah is like, no. every city yet you leave, they start slaving as soon as you disappear. so she's like, you know, I'm gonna stay. and everyone's like, why? and so she's hilariously long titles when she's holding court. and like a dragon ate this guy's goat. and it's like, okay, I'll pay you like five bucks for go this guy is the son of one of the old masters. and it's like, no, he crucified my daddy. I deserved it. no, actually, he was trying to not crucify the slave girl. so, oops. Jaime's new magic sword. gives it to Brienne of Tarth. it's like, hey, go find Sansa. try to keep our oath. since Podrick Payne with her, that's Tyrians loyal Squire, because, you know, Tyrion doesn't need him in jail. and so those two are going to find Sansa. now it's Tyrians trial time. and everyone who's ever been on shows like, Tyrion is definitely guilty. let's see, bad and shake comes to and like, lies. he's like, yeah, he's definitely guilty. and he also did like terrible things to me in bed. so Tyrion super pissed. he's like, I had to manage trial by combat. awesome. a little finger. and Sansa make it to the area where her aunt is not breastfeeding, thankfully, the kids still awful. she's loved him, and she spills the beans about how her old husband, Jon Arryn, was the hand of the king. she sent the letter that the Lannisters poison him. she poison him. Littlefinger told her to him to blame it on the Lannisters. what? Littlefinger. anyway, they get married, have super loud sex, and then she's like, you're safe now, unless you take Peter for me. I love him. and it's like, aw man. how do I get into this? she's putting snow castle. kid comes, is a dick, slaps him, then Peters like, hey, you could be my daughter in an alternate universe, and that's what I'm gonna kiss you. so I say, you can see. Peter is like, no, no, girl. I've only loved woman in my whole life. your sister, what? Oh how does moondoor craziness are in the Hound. get there just in time to find out that their whole journey has been pointless. hahaha. awesome. now, Brienne and pod go to an inn. they find hot pie, arias friend, who's like, the gravy. gotta give up on the gravy. anyway, he's like, I've given her this cookie, Daria, if you find her, she's with the Hound. it's better than when I cooked her last time. Theon sister is coming to save him. if she gets the hen, it's just, you'd be on saving then Ramsay snow shows up shirtless, and like, has this awesome fight. so she's like, you know what? forget the and I'm going home now. he's like, good boy. reciver, choppy. I'm gonna dress you up this thing on, send you to this castle nearby that the iron men hold, and you're gonna tell them you surrender, but remember, you're not really beyond. you're still reek. so he goes and it's like, yes, surrender. oh, I flayed them all. so sorry. good boy. reek. Daenerys, he's in her pyramid. she goes home one night. Daario, yo, girl climbed in the window. it's like, you know it, just have sex with me. so he gets naked, and then they have sex in the morning. Jorah, oh, sorry, bro, I Bhangra. and he's like, I don't like the guy. she's like, yeah, I'm sending it to the one of the other cities I took to capture back. now, her Captain, grey worm, is having thing with her. translator, chick, it's like, I thought he was, you know, a eunuch. and it's like, I am. it's like, well, that's too bad then you don't have a dick. Tyrion is like, Jamie, fight for me. no, I don't have a hand. who's seriously getting the mountain? Gregor game. that's the hounds brother. we saw him last, like, season one. he was a different actor, and he is a monster, and just apparently allowed to murder peasants for fun. now, bran can't fight, reminded because Circe's offered him a marriage that'll get him a castle if he doesn't fight. but he's like, look, I like you, bro, so good luck. Oberon comes and he's like, the mountain is exactly the guy who killed my sister. I will be your champion, yes, Oberyn Martell. so they tell a Beatles story, and then it's time to fight. the mountain is huge, but Oberyn saw, like, rock spear. awesome. I'm gonna make you confess. so he goes on, an eagle Montoya, you raped her, you murdered her, you killed her children. Oh, got him down and slam, boom. Oh, got him. and he's like, confess. tell Tywin gave you the order to kill her. but then off the ground. what? yes. I kill her like this girl. oh, it is really brutal. that's nasty. and now Tyrion, yeah, his sentence to death. in the north, Jilly's they're tapped by wildlings. Ygritte decides to let her live, cuz, like, she's nice. and she gets back, and Sam hands up, kisses, or, hey, Sam, but it's time for the battle. so they're coming down. Giants on mammoths, nuts attacking in the south. this guy's was in command. he was a city watch the tyrion said from the wall in season two. and so he hides like a [ __ ]. so Jon Snow's in command, and he's like, yeah, fight him off. the giant, like, shoots the bow. some awesome stuff happens like that. and then a cool shot. and the Jon fights a cannibal leader. and it's like, oh, hammer to the head. and then you crit oh. she pauses. she's like, oh, whoa. I'm shot at what? ya know, school bride, got your back. and it's like, all you're granted. she's like, you know, nothing. Jon Snow. and then she dies in his arms. so sad. the rest of the battle goes finally, I can leech the site, which is pretty sweet. and then one for the night, they captured, like, the funny redhead wildly. and it's like, no, man, still is too many men. so I got to go and see with him. I'm gonna maybe assassinate him. but instead they just drink. and then night show up. who does it stand as? the man is, what's he doing here? at the end of last season, they got the note that the Nights Watch you needed help. so, man. she's like, you know what? forget it. I surrender. Brandon pod find Arya in the Hound. and even though they really should get along to protect aria, they end up fighting. and it like, degenerates pretty quickly to brutality. and then, Oh, punch off though, Mountain. uh. so Arya finds him, The Hound is dying. he's like, just put me out of my misery. but she just tears him. he's like, do it now. kill me. and after the second time I quoted Arnold as the Hound, she leaves him to die. Bram's wandering, finds a magic tree guarded by cgi skeletons, who warns Hodor extract skeleton, bashing. then Jojen gets all stabby, stabby. sorry. fireball. what is that Delf chick throwing fireballs? this is not Jojen. there's as fire. they make it into the cave, and they find the three-eyed raven, who is tree Gandalf. and I guess he's going to teach bran magic. sweet. now, at the Bell they're like, so you're saying it was a suicide and Saints a conference worm she's like, yeah, it was. I guess we just in this together, Littlefinger. and so he's like, yo, little take you on a tour. and Sansa change into a sexy black dress. all right, no. he's like, no, dad, got you think. so it's like, Lion King, everything is touches. we all in the north now. I the demise. you not a bastard, and we're gonna live in Winterfell ah, that the Kings small council is finally taking tener seriously. so they send the letter to Barristan, saying how Jorah used to spy for them. he's like, Khaleesi. and she's like, nah, you banished. so he's out of there. she has port though, Don goat bones. oh, my god, dragons are getting kids now. so she has to lock him up. can't find the black one though. and she's like crying as she go into the darkness. now, a gret is being burned. Johnson, oh, so sad. statuses at the wall. so that's interesting. in Jon Snow has a hot new right? I'd hang out with the mountain. was poisoned over and poisonous spear. and so he's dying. but this guy is like, I can save him with sketchy things they revoked my medical license for. and sir, she's like, yeah, I'm fine with that. now, tyrion is saved by Jaime. I'm breaking you out of here, bro. just go right up these stairs. but first, Tyrians like, I'm going to my dad's room. and finds Jay in Tywin's bed. the hypocrisy. Tywin, I'm gonna kill him. he's so sad. and he finds his dad on the toilet, and boom, shoots him. big bad daddy. Tywin Lannister, dead. tyrion out. Maris's like, oh, man, would you do? I'll put you in the box, put you on the boat. you know what? King's Landing. I think I'm out of here. so he's going to Tyrion, and Arya finds a boat - hey, we're going to Braavos. Braavos, I got the quest right into that Master Assassin jacket, and God gave me this coin in season two, I'm passed with valor morghulis, and it's a KO, yeah, come on by. so she's going on an adventure, and that's how season 4 comes to man 