welcome to the men of recaps. this is Arrested Development, season 5, part 1. Michael Bluth and his son, George Michael, were both dating actress rebel alley. when they figured this out. George Michael punched his dad, prompting Michael to take a family self-defense class, so next time they meet, he's ready for it. Michael had also just caught his brother job after having sex with rival magician Tony wonder job gave his brother a forget-me-now, which is a roofie. and Michael wakes up with no memory of Cinco de cuatro, where he attempted to pay off his debt to Lucille 2 with sexual favors, but with no memory of that. when Michael gets the letter that his debt was forgiven, he goes to thank Lucille 2 in person, only to find his entire family has commandeered her apartment. but Lucille 2 was murdered, or is maybe just missing. where is Lucille austero? they're working on the campaign for his sister Lindsay, who is accidentally now running for Congress. when the Bluths give themselves the family of the Year award, Lucille reads a very nice speech about her daughter, but that's the speech maybe wrote for her mother to say about her. maybe he has been her mother, Lindsay's campaign manager. but no matter what she has Lindsay say, she just goes up in the polls. so Lindsay finally got some approval from her mother, only to realize she doesn't want it. she's going to find her real family. remember, she was adopted. michael was going to leave on a scuba trip to google map the ocean floor, but George Michael comes, and father and son finally talk out their issues. George senior comes to but he's trying to kill himself. he's been super depressed lately because his testosterone levels are gone. and his unsatisfied wife, Lucille has found a new beach bum boyfriend. yes, the Bluth beach house that the family sold after Michaels wife died there. they never sold it, they've just been keeping it a secret from Michael. around this time, the family realizes no one's seen Buster in a while, because he's in jail for the murder, or maybe disappearance, of Lucille 2. they get bail money to the family lawyer. Barry zuckerkorn and have a welcome home from prison party. but Barry shows up without Buster. turns out that was his bail they paid. an honest mistake. anyone could have made it. now, Tobias, eager to stay part of the family with his wife Lindsay gone, has been acting as the different glue family members. and he's got this young acting partner named Murphy Brown, who everyone assumes is his boyfriend, but is actually his illegitimate son. more on that later, I guess. meanwhile, Maeby is pretending to be an old lady so she can live in the awesome retirement community where she's squatting in. Lucille 2 is empty condo, but turns out it's not so empty. Lucille 2 co-owned it with Stan Sitwell. so maybe pretends to be dating him in order to stay George. Michael wants some relationship advice on how to end things with rebel. he hasn't seen her since the whole thing with his dad. maybe tells him to show up after a month of not calling, demanding a booty call. but turns out she was out of town for the month. didn't realize she was ghosted. and is happy to see him. plan to is to tie his hair pink to get her father's disapproval. but it turns out a perfect shade of howard red and delights her family. Michaels their snooping on his son. and rebel sister tells him that she's only using George Maharis because she thinks he's an internet millionaire. that doesn't seem to be the case though. George. Michael tries to get out of his lithe at fakeblock doesn't exist by saying the company's gone bankrupt. but she offers to fund it with a bunch of our own money. so Buster's in prison for the murder of Lucille 2. but Michael suspects that their parents are hiding her away somewhere. he follows his father down to Mexico. but no Lucille 2 here. George seniors just hoping to reverse the curse that made him so unmasked Yulin. of course, there is no curse. turns out his wife, Lucille, have replaced his viagra pills with estrogen pills so he didn't sleep around on her while she was in jail. while they're down there, they're accosted by a group of Cowboys who claim this land belongs to the Mexican Romney family, mr. F. and they make George seniors sign the land back over to them. now it's the 2nd of July parade, and Sally Sitwell is running against Lindsay in Lucille 2's place. but Lindsay is missing too. so Tobias goes looking for her and finds his old love, debris, who works well enough as a stand-in for Lindsay on the float. meanwhile, job, confused about his sexuality, hopes to get converted back to straight, but misunderstands what closet conversion means. but these fellas are happy to help him design a magic trick, sorry, illusion, to bring him in. Tony wonder back together, the Christian magician and gay magician will continue swapping places between strained gay but an unexpected twist, liquid cement is poured onto Tony. so when Jobe proudly comes out as a gay man, Tony wonder is stuck in the closet. meanwhile, a photo turned up of what looks like Lucille 2 in the stair car with George seniors. brother Oscar, Michael's mom admits she did have Oscars spirit Lucille 2 away in order to win the election and build the wall. Michael shares the evidence that Lucille 2 is alive, and the DA agrees to let Buster out of prison. unfortunately, that's not Lucille 2 and Oscar. that's George, Michael and Maeby on a cousin's trip to Mexico where they were wearing wigs for some reason. Buster is already out of prison for the day to be in the parade. but not knowing the DA had just agreed to release him, Buster's uncle/father, oscar, breaks him out and takes him on the run an escape attempt, which would put Buster back in jail for a few years. and that's bail. season 5, Part 1 comes to an end. [Music]. 