cinema synopses, spoiler alert. in 1869, near Brantford, New Hampshire, two brothers bury a chest and hope that no one ever finds it. a century later, Alan Parrish escapes a gang of bullies and retreats to a shoe factory owned by his father Sam. [Music]. he meets Karl Bentley, an employee, who reveals a new shoe prototype he made by himself. Alan miss places the shoe and damages a machine, but Karl takes responsibility and loses his job after being attacked by the bullies, who also steal his bicycle. Alan follows the sound of tribal drumbeats to a construction site. he finds the chest containing a board game called Jumanji, and brings it home at home. after an argument with Sam about attending a boarding school, Allen plans to run away. Sarah Whittle, his friend, arrives to return his bicycle back, and Allen shows her Jumanji and invites her to play. with each roll of the dice, the game piece moves by itself, and a cryptic message describing the rules outcome appears in the crystal ball at the center of the board. Sarah reads the first message on the board, and here's an eerie sound. Allen then unintentionally rolls the dice after being startled by the chiming clock. the game thinks, you're late. a message tells him to wait in a jungle until someone rolls a five or eight. and he is sucked into the game. afterwards, a swarm of bats appears and chases Sarah out of the mansion. 26 years later, Judy and Peter Shepherd move into the vacant Parrish mansion with their aunt Nora after their parents died in an accident on a ski trip in Canada the winter before. the next day, Judy and Peter find Jumanji in the attic and begin playing it. their rules summon big mosquitos and a swarm of monkeys. the game rules state that everything will be restored when the game ends, so they continue playing. Peters next role, five releases a lion and an adult Alan. Oh. as Alan makes his way out, he meets Karl who is now working as a police officer. Alan, Judy and Peter go to the shoe factory, where a homeless man tells Alan the after his disappearance, Sam abandoned the business and searched for Alan until his death just four years earlier. realizing that they need Sarah to finish the game, the three locate Sarah, now suffering mental trauma from Jumanji and Alan's disappearance, and persuade her to join them. Sarah's first move releases fast-growing carnivorous vines. stay away from the walls, don't touch anything. and Alan's next move releases a big-game hunter named van pelt, whom Alan first met in the jungle. tension. the next will summons a herd of various animals and a pelican steals the game. Peter retrieves it, but Alan is arrested by Karl. what is this about? no back in town, the Stampede wreaks havoc, and then help steals the game. Peter, Sarah and Judi track Van Pelt to a department store where they set booby traps to subdue him and retrieve the game, while Alan escapes from Carl's car. when the four returned to the mansion, it is now completely overrun by jungle wildlife. they release one calamity after another until Van Pelt arrives. and when Alan drops the dice, he wins the game, which causes everything that happened as a result of the game to be a reverse. Alan and Sarah returned to 1969 as children, but have full memories of the future events. Alan reconciles with his father and admits that he was responsible for the shoe that damaged the factories machine. Carl is rehired, and Sam tells his son that he does not have to attend boarding school. Alan and Sarah throw Jumanji into a river, then share a kiss. in an alternate 1995, Alan and Sarah are married and expecting their first child. Alan's parents are still alive and successfully running the family business. he and Sarah meet Judy Peter and their parents, Jim and Martha, for the first time during a Christmas party. Alan offers Jim a job and convinces them to cancel their upcoming ski trip, averting their deaths. on a beach, two young girls speaking French here drum beats while walking as Jumanji lies partially buried in the sand\xc3\xa9, keep watching for some fun trivia and easter eggs. the dual casting of Jonathan Hyde as both Alan's father and the villainous Van Pelt is similar to the custom in adaptations of Peter Pan, with mr. darling and Captain Hook being played by the same actor. Robin Williams played a grown-up Peter Pan in Hook in 1991, breaking the fourth wall, Peter looks directly at the viewer after he tries to break the padlock of the shed with the axe. the gun shop owner asking Van Pelt if he's a postal worker. around the time of the movie, there had been a lot of news stories about postal workers going crazy and shooting up their workplaces, from which we get the English expression, going postal. [Music], 