hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we'll be talking about the 2011 film, Mission Impossible, Ghost Protocol, the fourth film in the Mission Impossible series. so let's get started. information about this movie somewhat relies on the fact that you've seen the other films. if you need a quick reminder, check out my spoilers in the links below. the film opens with IMF agent Trevor Hannah, who attempted to intercept a courier working for someone known as Cobalt. Trevor, however, is killed by the assassin Sabian moreau, and the briefcase he has is stolen. the film then switches to Ethan Hunt who is being broken out of a Moscow Jail by Benji Dunn and Jane Carter. while escaping, ethan also frees a Russian source known as Bogdan. the IMF team goes to the Kremlin in order to find files about the true identity of Cobalt. however, during this mission, they're compromised by someone, and then that same person bombs the Kremlin, and Ethan is injured. ethan wakes up in a hospital to a Russian agent, a Natale Sidorov, arresting ethan, believing that he is the cause the kremlin bombing. ethan escapes and has the IMF secretary extract him. the secretary tells him that the russians believe that the kremlin bombing was an act of war from the US. and the president has issued a ghost Protocol disavowing the IMF. and Ethan's team are taking the blame. the secretary knows it's not his fault and tells him that there's a nearby cache of IMF supplies. their car is attacked by Russian forces, and Ethan escapes. his team is already at the cache, and he is joined by intelligence analyst William Brandt. with IMF being disavowed, Brandt's knowledge and ability to identify important figures as key. brand identify his cobalt as Kurt Hendricks, a Russian nuclear strategist whose goal is to start a nuclear war. Hendricks bombed the Kremlin in order to strike from the fact that he was stealing a Russian nuclear launch control device. however, he still needs the activation codes, which he was supposed to get from the courier. at the beginning of the film, the team travels to divide in order to intercept an exchange between Moreau and Hendrix's right-hand man, Wistrom. Moreau and Wistrom have never met, so they tricked them into different rooms. Moreau meets with Ethan and brand while Wistrom meets with Jane. Wistrom also brought an expert with him in order to verify that he's receiving the real launch codes. through some sleight of hand and fancy gadgets, they're able to trick both parties. and they attempt to follow Wistrom in order to locate hendricks. a fight breaks out between both groups. Moreau is killed and Wistrom escapes. however, while Wistrom is escaping, it has revealed that Wistrom is really Hendricks in disguise. afterwards, Ethan leaves to go meet with an informant. while Ethan is gone, it is revealed by Brandt that Ethan's wife, Julia, who he thought from the beginning of the film was just divorced or separated from Ethan, was actually killed. Ethan meets with Bogdan, the man Ethan saved from the Moscow prison. and bogdan's cousin, an arms dealer, who explained that Hendricks still needs to access a military satellite in order to trigger the missiles, and that the most likely target will be an Indian telecommunications company. the team travels to Mumbai in order to disable the satellite before Hendricks can fire the missile. Hendricks, however, is successful at firing the missile before they can disable the satellite. so Ethan decides he must abort the nuclear warhead directly from the panel Hendricks used to fire the missile. they break into a fight, Hendricks dies, and at the last second, Ethan disables the missile before it strikes the city of San Francisco. city Rojo enters right as the missile is aborted, realizes Ethan is really on their side and that he is innocent at the Kremlin bombing. the team meets up a few weeks later with Luthor and accepts a new mission. Ethan reveals to Brandt that Julia is actually alive. and the film ends with Julian even smiling at each other from a far distance. so that was the spoilers from Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media. and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 