welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about the time traveler's wife. in the early 1970s, henry de tamble is in a car accident that kills his mother, but which he survives by inadvertently time traveling back two weeks. moments later, henry is helped by an older version of himself who has also traveled back. unable to control the timing or destinations of his traveling henry finds himself drawn to significant people, places and events in his life, but is incapable of changing events beyond the minor differences his presence creates. in 1991, henry meets claire abshire in the library where he works. she is overjoyed to see him, although he is actually meeting her for the first time. claire explains that she met henry's future self when she was a child, and that he informed her then that they would meet in the future, which is happening at the moment. since childhood, henry has been claire's best friend and has visited her as a child. claire develops a crush on henry, and she is upset to learn that he is married. when claire turns 18, two years before their meeting at the library, the older henry kisses her, leading her to realize that he is her husband in the future. they begin a relationship which is challenged by henry's disorder. his sporadic time traveling is further complicated by the fact that he arrives at his destinations completely naked. from an early age, he had learned how to pick locks and to steal clothing to endure his travels. among his getaways are many visits to young claire. from present day claire's diary, he gets a list of dates when he visited her and gives those to young claire so that she can be waiting for him with clothes. falling in love, henry and claire eventually marry, though he actually time travels away before the ceremony, and a visibly older version of himself arrives in time to step in, slightly confusing the guests. henry's disappearances take a toll on his relationship with claire. to make up for this, henry buys a winning lottery ticket by having the numbers in advance. but their relationship still has problems. henry and claire witness a middle-aged wounded henry briefly arrive from another time, leaving them concerned about how long henry has to live. his disorder also makes having a child with claire seemingly impossible. as henry's genes cause their unborn fetuses to time travel. they seek a renowned doctor's help, but after numerous similar miscarriages, henry has a secret vasectomy to end her suffering. however, soon after, claire gets pregnant one last time by a visiting younger version of henry, and carries the baby to full term. before the child is born, henry travels forward in time and happily meets their pre-teen daughter alba. she tells him that she is a time traveler too, but has increasing control over when and where she travels. alba tells henry that he will die when she is five years old, a fact that henry subsequently hides from claire. alba's pre-teen self, who ultimately tries to prepare her younger self for henry's death, visits young alba sporadically. claire is devastated to discover henry's impending death. later, henry time travels and is accidentally shot by claire's father, who is hunting elk, henry returns in time to die in claire's arms. some years later, a younger henry visits alba and claire, giving claire hope that he will visit again. though he tells her not to spend her life waiting for him, hoping this encounter would provide a proper closure for both claire and alba. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. 