in today's video, we are going to go through the events of 2017's fantasy horror, before i wake, where a couple adopts a unique orphan child whose dreams and nightmares manifest physically as he sleeps. spoilers ahead. you have been warned. like this video and subscribe to our channel for more. it's midnight when a man sneakily enters a little boy's room with a gun. he points his gun at the sleeping child, but the door to the room suddenly opens with a bang, making him fire in another direction. the noise wakes the boy up. the man breaks down in tears, apologizing to him. jesse and mark hobson are a couple looking for a child to foster. the young kid, sean, has recently died by drowning in a bathtub. they sit in an office across from a woman who tells them about cody. cody is an eight-year-old boy whose birth mother died when he was only three. the foster care had placed him with two couples. one was unfit for the child, while the other couple abandoned him. he was found living alone in an apartment for almost a month before being rescued cody is guarded and has sleep issues, but the woman thinks he is a perfect fit for the hobsons. that day, the couple comes back to their house and removes every picture of sean, except for their family picture. they want to make the house fit for cody. after their son's death, jesse and marcus started going to a self-help group, but mark has stopped coming for a while. jesse tells the group about their decision to bring home a child. she has had insomnia since shawn's death. that night she cannot sleep, so she goes upstairs to the bathtub where shaun died. she imagines shawn's death, which makes her panic. but she closes her eyes and calms herself down. the next day, the couple impatiently waits for cody to arrive. the lady from the foster care brings cody to their house and introduces them. the kid wishes them good morning and shakes their hand. mark offers to carry the box in his hands. cody refuses at first, but eventually hands him the box. when they get inside, cody begins to take off his shoes. jesse tells him he doesn't have to do that, to which he answers that shoes make floors dirty. all of them take off their shoes and go in. mark is excited to have someone to play games with, so he starts showing his collection of games to cody. but cody seems to be staring at their family picture on the wall. cody sees his room and loves it. they tell him that he can decorate it however he wants. the room has curtains with butterflies on them, to which the lady comments that cody loves to collect butterflies. later that night, the couple puts cody to bed. cody tells jessie that he loves her eyes before they leave. after they are gone, cody sits up and brings out the box from earlier. he takes out a can of soda and a book about butterflies. then the child reads the book under the blanket using a torchlight. the next day is cody's first day at school. everyone in the class greets him. later that day, he is seen bathing in the same bathtub. jesse knocks on the door to see if he is fine. jesse finds cody's box while folding his laundry that day. inside is his book about butterflies, several cans of soda and a bottle of stimulants. that night, before going to bed, she confronts him about it. cody replies that he does not like to sleep because the canker man will get him. jesse brushes it off, telling him that it is just a bad dream, which will go away with little reasoning. but the kid insists that the man ate his mother and is always with him. she finally put him to bed. mark and jesse are in their living room. jesse feels sorry for going through cody's stuff, but mark convinces her that it is okay. they are watching a movie, when suddenly the room is filled with several multicolored butterflies. they are surprised to see this many inside their house. mark tries to capture one for cody, while jessie gets bitten by one. as she goes to close the windows, we see someone standing in the doorway behind her. as soon as she closes the windows, all of the butterflies disappear. the couple finds it weird, but doesn't think much of it. that night, jessie cannot fall asleep again, so she goes down to the kitchen. she hears an odd noise and the kitchen cabinet closes by itself. she then sees her dead child in the living room, but he disappears as she drops a glass. she goes to cody's room to see him sleeping peacefully. the following day, she tells the self-help group about the incident. she feels as though shawn is angry at her for replacing him with cody. at school, cody makes friends with a girl named annie. later, jessie is cooking dinner when mark notices cody staring at their family picture. he asked the couple several questions about sean and tells him that he looks fun. that night, again, the butterfly lands on mark's hands. they look around and are surprised to see sean standing in the corner of the room. he is wearing the same clothes as their family picture. they touch him to know that he is, in fact real. but the child disappears. as soon as cody wakes up, he comes down and apologizes to the couple. during breakfast. the next day, he apologizes to the couple again and tells him that it won't happen from now on. after school, they watch videos of sean. in the video, it's christmas day and the family celebrates it happily. that night, after cody falls asleep, mark and jesse are in the living room. when it lights up with christmas lights, shawn walks down the stairs as he did in the video. it is as if the video has come to life. the couple is stunned. they realize that cody has a supernatural power to make his dreams come true while he is asleep. but as soon as he wakes up, the dream fades. but this means his nightmares are real too. the following day in school, annie sees cody drawing the canker man in his notebook. he tells us that sometimes when he does that, it keeps the man away. jessie has put all the pictures of sean back on the walls for cody to see. she wants to meet him again through cody. later at night, mark accuses her of using cody to fulfill her desires. it feels like abuse to him. he puts the photo frames away. cody arrives at school the next day with a jar of butterflies, but a bully breaks it. since he hasn't been able to sleep that day, he almost falls asleep in class. when the class is over, he asks his teacher if he can rest any longer, and she agrees. eventually, he falls asleep in the class alone and dreams of the canker man. his bully comes into the class when he is attacked by the man, and he sees the canker man indulge the bully and screams. this wakes cody up, but the bully is already gone. the police arrive at the school to investigate the disappearance. cody is too scared to sleep now. he sneaks out some coffee to avoid sleeping. that night, as he is reading, cody hears a noise from under his bed. he looks with a torchlight, when suddenly the ghost of the bully drags him under the bed. cody fights and screams, i am awake several times. meanwhile, sean appears before jesse. he too is saying, i am awake. suddenly, cody screams at the top of his lungs, and the dreams disappear. jesse tries to calm cody down. the next day, she goes to a doctor about his sleeping problems, to which the doctor prescribes him a drug. cody and mark have a great day, shopping for cody's room that day. when they get back home, two police officers are in front of their house to interview cody about the bully's disappearance. later that day, cody asks the couple how sean died, but they avoid the topic. jesse mixes the sleeping pills with cody's milk, and he drinks it while putting him to bed. mark tells cody that sean died from drowning. cody is fast asleep that night as jessie and mark wait for sean in the living area. after a while, sean appears in front of them, but he vomits water. mark rushes up to wait cody, but he cannot because of the drug. the dream turns into a nightmare, and a creature emerges in front of jessie. she runs to cody's room and locks the door. jesse confesses to drugging cody. she watches in horror as the creature devours mark and falls unconscious. she then wakes up to cody calling 9-1-1. mark is nowhere to be found, and the police accuse her of drugging the kid, they take cody away, as she cries for them to stop. jessie cries holding mark's clothes. she then goes to the foster care office, but the lady dismisses her. however, jessie is able to take cody's file from her desk. she reads it and finds out about the families he has lived with earlier. the second family had disappeared entirely. but the husband from the first family, named whelan young, was still alive. she goes to see him. young tells her that he and his wife fostered cody for 15 months before his dream swallowed his wife too. he was so angry at cody that he almost killed him. he then asks her to kill cody so that no others can be victims of his nightmares. but jessie refuses. she then finds cody's mother's name and her hospital reports. she asks the hospital for her belongings and finds a pillow shape like a butterfly and her journal. jesse goes to cody that night with the pillow. cody hasn't slept for several nights, so the officials are worried about him. they give him a tranquilizer to help him sleep well. but he gets nightmares that night. jesse walks into the establishment to see several nightmares in every room. first she is startled by the bully, then she sees sean drowning in the bathtub. she finally reaches cody's room and the canker man appears in front of her. but instead of running away, she shows him the butterfly pillow. this seems to stop the creature. jesse then hugs the man. the gesture turns him into cody himself. eventually, he disappears. jesse picks up cody and takes him with her to the house. the lady from the office earlier, who had been indulged by the canker man, comes back to life. she lets jesse take the child home. cody's nightmare has changed into a beautiful holographic dream. the next day, jessie shows cody his mother's journal and medical reports. she tells him that her name was andrea and she died of cancer. andrea has written all about cody and his powers in her journal. cody was just three years old when she died. he had seen his mother on the brink of death battling cancer. so his little mind made up that the canker man had eaten his mother, while the canker man was his mother herself. this was the beginning of his nightmares. mark still hasn't come back, but jesse believes that as cody learns to control his power, there might be a possibility of his arrival. the movie ends as cody thanks jesse for bringing him home and calls her mom. so that's the video. don't forget to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to our channel. we will see you again with another movie summary. you 