hey people. john here from fast films, and today we're going through a 2009 horror movie called you are never really here. the movie starts off with the protagonist trying to suffocate himself with a plastic bag while counting numbers back from 50. then he proceeds to burn a picture of somebody and cleans out a hammer, which has blood on it. he then cleans out his hotel room and throws away a bag of cleansed stuff in trash. afterward, he carefully strolls out of the hotel through the back stairs and walks into an alley where some mugger tries to rob him, but he head butts the mugger in the face and walk out from the spot. the guy named joe then takes a cab to the airport and makes a phone call from a payphone to somebody known as john mccleary, and tells him that it's done, and hangs up. joe then again takes a cab and reaches a dark street. he notices that some kids are watching him from the building ahead. while he enters his building. he gives those kids a spot stare, and then goes inside his home. he greets his mother but she doesn't respond back and seems to have fallen asleep on the couch watching tv. when joe tries to remove the spectacles of his mother, she pranks him, as she was awake the whole time, and laughs joyfully. then they both talk about the tv show that his mother has been watching, and she tells him that it is scary. and then joe puts his mother to sleep in her bedroom. but then her mother asks him to stay for a while, as she is afraid of the tv show she was watching before. the next scene starts with joe taking a shower. then he reads a book while sitting in his room. then he has some weird flashbacks. joe has a knife in his hand and plays with it, while his mother calls him in the washroom as she has spilled water everywhere and can't turn the tap off. joe opens the washroom and sends his mother downstairs to clean up the washroom with towels. joe gets out of the house and wanders through the streets when he sees the same kid he saw last night in the dark alley. joe then meets the store owner named angel, who gives him some money in an envelope. which he takes out of the ceiling and says that the man wants to meet him in person right away. joe takes out some money from the envelope and gives it back to angel. joe then asked the store owner if his son told him about their brief encounter from yesterday night, upon which the man speaks that his son is a stupid kid. then joe says to angel that they are done and hands him some more money, and then leaves the store. back at joe's house, he helps his mother cleaning dishes while humming an alphabetic song. joe cleans out the refrigerator and throws away all the things that are rotten. joe's mother asks him about janice, his girlfriend from some 20 years ago, and says she would have been a good mom then we see joe strangling himself again with a plastic bag in his cupboard, while he's having some flashbacks of his childhood where he seems to have been strangled before. next we see that joe is standing on a railway station and looking down the tracks of the train while some women watch him. he then goes to a building where he meets a guy in an office who's having a nosebleed. they talk about the flowers which some client has sent him. joe tells the guy that they have to get rid of angel's contact and that he will find a new guy. john mcclary agrees with him. joe lays down on the sofa and starts eating jelly beans and asks why he has been called to which jon replies that the senator vado's daughter has been missing all weekend. now the senator wants to find her and doesn't want the cops involved as he is running for governor williams's ticket. moreover, he is paying 50 grand in cash and wants to meet joe in person for more details. after this meeting, joe gets out of the building and goes to meet senator vado, where he gets the address of the probable abduction site of his daughter, nina. he fears that her daughter is used as underage prostitution. vato says that mccleary, the guy from the office, told him that joe was perfect for the job. joe then takes a few pictures of nina and tells vato to meet at the place at 3 am. preceding this encounter, joe rents out a car and goes to the address that vato says nina might be there. joe then goes to a store to buy some stuff, including a hammer, a duct tape and some canned sodas, meanwhile constantly having flashbacks of the past in the street. joe then passes some girls, when a girl asks if he would take pictures of them, and joe agrees, but starts losing his mind as he gets more and more recollections of the past. joe then goes to meet another man. joe takes some medicine from him and punches him in the stomach for being late. afterwards, joe sits in his car and arranges the things he has bought from the store and visits asana, where he takes a relaxing steam bath with a towel on his face while he gets more flashbacks about a kid who has been shot in a desert. he then gets back in senses and stands in front of a mirror and sings the same relaxing alphabetic song that he used to sing with his mother. joe then drives around town and stakes out the building where nina is being held and listens to some news. a kid walks out of the building. and joe gets out of his car to catch the kid and forces him in his car and asks his name. joe gets inside information about the security of the building and the safe code of the building and where the underage girls are being kept. he then enters the building and hits the first security guy in the head with the hammer, and moves on to the next floor. he makes his way to the third floor and bashes all the guys who come in his way. after a little search, joe finds nina there. he puts her on his shoulders and finds his way out of the building and knocks out all the molesters he faces on his way out. joe puts nina in his car and takes her to a parking garage, where he asks if she is thirsty. nina hugs joe in return for saving her life. joe tells her that he is taking her to her dad, senator vado. nina asks joe his name, and then they go to a hotel to meet vato. after getting cleaned, nina sits on the bed in hotel room where they watch news on tv, and find out that that bottle has committed suicide, upon which joe cups nina's face with both hands and ensures her that everything is going to be all right. in the meantime, the hotel manager knocks on the door, and suddenly, a guy holding a gun from the back of his head shoots him through the back of the skull. joe stands freezed and watches in astonishment. two guys enter the room, and one of them picks nina and takes her out of the room. while nina cries for joe's help. the other guy puts a gun on joe's head and is about to kill him, when joe starts to distract him and hits him repeatedly in the head. they have a little brawl inside the room, but joe successfully manages to knock the guy out and make his way out the room. he escapes the building using the outside stairs. then we see joe using tweezers to pull out what seems like a bullet out of his own jaw and throw it on the ground. he uses alcohol to sterilize the wound and gets up and leaves the alley. he makes his way to the nearest phone booth and makes a call to his handler, john mccleary, to inform him about the situation, but he doesn't get any answer from the other side. he takes a cab and goes to john's house, but no one's there, and the kettle in the kitchen has been left on for a long time. he goes to his bedroom and finds a revolver in the top drawer and keeps it. he takes john's car and goes to his office building, where he finds him dead. and seems like he has been tortured before death. he uses the office phone and makes a call to angels, and we see that a gunman has pointed a gun at angel's son, and they've got angel as well. joe gets out of the office and takes the car and starts driving down the road while he has some more disturbing flashbacks of his childhood. joe drives the car to his home and doubts something might be off, so he enters the first floor through a window. inaudibly, he finds his mother with a pillow on her head and a bullet hole through the pillow. he takes off the pillow and removes the eyeglasses from her face and puts them on the bedside table in the meantime, joe hears some movement downstairs and proceeds to go downstairs while holding the revolver in both his hands firmly. he gets more flashbacks, but dismisses them and shots the two assailants who trespassed his home. one of them dies fast, but the other one crawls on the floor and manages to go to the kitchen, while joe fills up a glass of water from the tap and asks who killed his mother. joe kicks the assailant in the ribs where he has shot him, and interrogates him about why he killed her mother and what he was doing in his home. joe gives the wounded guy some painkillers and gets him to talk. he tells joe about governor williams and how he likes underage girls and that nina is his favorite. joe inquires if his mother was afraid during her last moments, to which the killer replies that she was sleeping. afterwards, joe goes to his mother's bedroom, cleans himself and her mother and goes on a drive. in the back of the car, he has his mother's body tied up neatly in a plastic bag. he goes to a lake and gets some rocks and fills his coat in her mother's plastic bag with them, and walks into the lake while holding her body close to his heart. they are both drowning, when suddenly he thinks about nina and decides to get out of the lake, and removes all the stones from his coat and swims to the shore. joe gets on a bus and thinks about nina and his father, vato, and what governor williams might be doing to nina. then we see joe surveilling outside of the governor's campaign office, and then stocks his car back to his place. then we see williams in his house, where he has a couple of young girls pictures beside his bed and has a dollhouse. then we see joe holding a hammer in his hand and walking through his house, and then pass by the pool. then he makes his way up to the stairs and goes on to find nina, still holding the hammer firmly in his hand. he walks into a room that is all pink and bright as made for children. he scoffs as he sees the body of dead williams down on the floor with a slashed wound on his neck. while the song my angel baby plays in the background. he sits on the bed and scurries down to the floor and cries in desperation as has some kind of mental breakdown, during which he removes his shirt and says that he is weak. he walks around the house shirtless and steps down the stairs. he goes through some of the rooms and finally finds nina sitting on a table in the dining room, eating peas with bloody hands. besides her plate lies a bloodied razor, which seems like the same one which has been used on williams. joe comes inside the room and sits beside nina on the floor. nina assures joe that it's fine. now the next scene starts with joe filling up his gas tank with nina sitting inside the car. then we see them both sitting in a diner having breakfast. nina asks joe where they will go now and what they will do, to which joe replies that whatever she wants. nina gets up and goes somewhere, while joe sits there staring blankly into the space ahead, with the voices overlapping him. then we see joe take out his revolver and put it under his chin and shoots himself in front of everyone in blood splatters all over the table and the walls, and his head drops dead on the table. after the sudden turmoil, nina returns and wakes up joe. it is then revealed that the suicidal attempt was all in his head, and he is seemingly fine, except that his head is messed up. joe gets up and nina remarks that let's go. and the movie ends here. thanks for watching, guys, 