[Music], hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2017 superhero film, Logan. so let's get started. in 2029, no mutants have been born in 25 years. Logan's healing ability has slowed and his body has aged. he spends his days drinking and working as a limo driver in El Paso, Texas. an abandoned plant, he and mutant tracker Caliban, care for Charles Xavier, who suffers from a brain disease, causing him to lose control of his telepathic abilities with destructive effects. Logan is approached by Gabriela Lopez, a former nurse from alkali transition, who asks him to escort her an eleven-year-old Laura can lead to Eden, a refuge in North Dakota. Logan reluctantly accepts, but finds Gabriella dead at his hideout. Logan is confronted by Gabriella's killer, transition cyborg chief of security, Donald Pierce and his enforcers, the reefers, who are looking for Laura. laura has stowed away in Logan's limo, and it is revealed she has powers similar to Logan's she Logan and Charles escape, but Caliban is captured. Logan and Charles learn that Laura is one of the several mutant children that a transition created from mutant DNA samples for use as weapons after they prove difficult to control. Gabriella and the nurses help children escape euthanasia. Laura, who was created from Logan's DNA, became separated when she was smuggled into the u.s. Logan discovers that Eden appears in x-men comic in Laura's possession, and assumes it is fictional. the Reavers arrived, but Charles appearing to have a seizure and capacitate sever e1, Logan kills the attackers, inject Cheryl's with a suppressant and escapes. dr. Zander rice, head of transit, Jim, convinces Caliban that they will not logan and charles and calvin can help them by Laura Logan, Laura and Charles help a family after a traffic incident. the Mun sends an accepted offer of dinner at their home. x24, a feral clone of Logan murders the family, and Charles, Calvin sets of grenades in the transition van, where he's helped captive, killing himself many rivers and wounding Pierce. Logan engages x24, but is outmatched and is saved by wounded will Munson, who dies in the app after burying Charles, Logan passes out from rage and exhaustion. Laura convinces him to complete the journey. they arrive at Eden, a camp run by Richter and the other escaped test subjects. Laura discovers an auntie mantium bullet Logan has kept since his escape from Libman axe. Logan decides to separate from the children after learning they are headed to Canada. the children are captured by the Reavers. Logan takes an overdose of serum given to him by Richter that increases his physical abilities and restores his healing ability. he slaughters most of the Reavers and rescues Laura, but the serum wears off as Pierce holds Richter at gunpoint. Rice tells Logan, who killed Rice's father years ago while escaping from Weapon X, that the decline of mutant is due to a transitional virus that Rice created and distributed. Logan shoots rice dead and attacks Pierce. a regenerated X 24 engages Logan. the children kill the Reavers and Pierce X 24 impales Logan on a tree branch, but Laura shoots the adamantium bullet into his head, killing him. severely wounded. Logan tells Laura to not be the weapon that she was made to be. Laura addresses him as father, and Logan dies. the children hold a burial, and Laura turns the cross on Logan's grave to its side to create an X before they continue their journey. so that was a spoilers for Logan. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out Louise Blair alerts on the various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 