Hello there Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to another episode of Cinema Summary~ Okay, that's enough clowning around. Welcome to another episode of Cinema Summary. Today we'll be looking at Christopher Nolan's The Dark Night. A 2008 superhero film, directed, written and produced by Christopher Nolan. The day is darkest before the dawn, so allow me to enlighten you on: Christopher Nolan\xe2\x80\x99s THE DARK KNIGHT A gang of criminals rob a Gotham City mob bank, double-crossing and murdering each other until only the mastermind remains: the Joker, who escapes with the money. The Joker: bank robber by day! And bus driver by day! And bus driver by day\xe2\x80\xa6. Gotta pay the bills, somehow Batman, District Attorney Harvey Dent and Lieutenant Jim Gordon form an alliance to rid Gotham of organized crime Bruce Wayne is impressed with Dent's idealism and offers to support his career; he believes that, with Dent as Gotham's protector, he can give up being Batman and lead a normal life with Rachel Dawes\xe2\x80\x94even though she and Dent are dating. Putting a dent into their relationship, if you know I mean Mob bosses Gambol, Sal Maroni,and the Chechen hold a videoconference with their corrupt accountant, Lau, who has taken their funds for safekeeping and fled to Hong Kong The Joker interrupts, warns them that Batman has no jurisdiction and is thus unhindered by the law, and offers to kill him in exchange for half of their money. After Gambol puts a bounty on his head, the Joker kills Gambol and takes over his gang looks like Gambol, gambled his life away. The mob ultimately decides to take the Joker up on his offer. In the comics, the origin story of the Joker is this; He was the leader of a gang called the "Red Hood Gang", and he was the \'Red Hood\'. Together, they robbed the ACE Chemicals Factory, and he got into a fight with Batman What happens was, by accident, he falls into a container full of chemicals and goes insane, and transform into the Joker. Which is why he has the green hair, red lips, and pale skin Batman finds Lau in Hong Kong and brings him back to Gotham to testify, allowing Dent to apprehend the entire mob. The Joker threatens to keep killing people unless Batman reveals his identity, and starts by murdering Police Commissioner Gillian B. Loeb and the judge presiding over the mob trial The Joker also tries to kill Mayor Anthony Garcia, but Gordon sacrifices himself to stop the assassination. Dent learns that Rachel is the next target Bruce decides to reveal his secret identity. Before he can, however, Dent announces that he is Batman. What? Wha-Dent! What are you doing? No stop! Dent! Dent is taken into protective custody, but the Joker appears and attacks the convoy I put laughter in manslaughter After all, 'slaughter' is the best medicine Rachel and Dent are escorted away by detectives on Maroni's payroll; Gordon later learns that they never arrived home. Batman interrogates the Joker, who reveals that they have been trapped in separate locations rigged with explosives. Batman races to save Rachel, while Gordon attempts to rescue Dent. Batman arrives at the building, but realizes that the Joker sent him to Dent's location instead. PRANKED! Both buildings explode, killing Rachel and disfiguring half of Dent's face. The Joker escapes with Lau, whom he later kills along with the Chechen. Coleman Reese, an accountant at Wayne Enterprises, deduces that Bruce is Batman and tries to go public with the information Not wanting Reese's revelation to interfere with his plans, the Joker threatens to destroy a hospital unless someone kills Reese. Gordon orders the evacuation of all the hospitals in Gotham and goes to secure Reese. The Joker gives Dent a gun and convinces him to seek revenge for Rachel's death, then destroys the hospital and escapes with a busload of hostages He really doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have a plan? Well i guess he\xe2\x80\x99s a clown so he\xe2\x80\x99s GOOD AT IMPROVISING. Dent goes on a killing spree, deciding the fates of people he holds responsible for Rachel's death by flipping his lucky coin. After announcing Gotham will be subject to his rule come nightfall, the Joker rigs two evacuating ferries with explosives; one containing civilians and the other containing prisoners That's one trolley problem, I never want to be a part of. He says that he will blow them both up by midnight, but will let one live if its passengers (who have been supplied the trigger to the other boat's explosives) blow up the other ferry Batman finds the Joker by using a sonar device that spies on the entire city, with the reluctant help of Lucius Fox. Both the civilians and the prisoners refuse to kill each other, while Batman apprehends the Joker after a brief fight Easiest Boss Fight ever. Before the police arrive to take the Joker into custody, he gloats that Gotham's citizens will lose hope once Dent's rampage becomes public knowledge. Gordon and Batman arrive at the building where Rachel perished. Dent shoots Batman, spares himself, and threatens to kill Gordon's son, claiming that Gordon's negligence is responsible for Rachel\xe2\x80\x99s death. Before he can flip for the boy, Batman, who was wearing body armor, tackles Dent off the building to his death DENT\xe2\x80\x99S death, not Batmans. At least he wasn\xe2\x80\x99t in the new movies, talk about lucky. Knowing the Joker would win if people found out the truth, Batman persuades Gordon to hold him responsible for the killing spree to preserve Dent's heroic image As the police launch a manhunt for Batman, Gordon destroys the Bat-signal (COMIC BOOK REFERENCE) Fox watches as the sonar device self-destructs, and Alfred Pennyworth burns a letter from Rachel saying she planned to marry Dent. 