[Music], i need to ask you some questions. school? very long? no, only about four months. the construction company funded three scholarships for lassencinus. don't go near my sister. just imagine a restraining order all the people in that class. you had to get into it with my brother, he's your brother. what party? did someone say party? what's up? i'm christy. [ __ ] man, if only that rubble had fallen on me when that school collapsed. he ended up with 14 stitches. yeah, and a scholarship. come here. [Laughter]. finally together again. hey, would you like to come to a party at my place tomorrow night? cosmonauts and mr x meet mr dealer. sorry, no names. we're gonna pay a visit to our buddy, the developer. give him something to remember us. just got out of prison. and you go and do this. [ __ ] if you can help us, then we'll let you go. we think it's the weapon used in the murder. and that's polo, her boyfriend since they were 12. really? i didn't tell you my dad's the developer that well, your school. so you're telling me to get it on with the girl who walks around with a scarf around her, you get her to fall for you. we tell everyone that would get rid of that superiority complex. you got balls showing up here, kid. don't you know we have security tapes, huh? go get those other scholarship kids. let's get a picture together shaking hands and smiling. i'll just report your brother tomorrow and we'll see about his parole. come into this house and insult me and my family. who the hell do you think you are? [ __ ]. he's a good guy, unlike me. if you say anything, i'll have to report to the school what i saw on the show. how much you want? i was high. i just wanted to try it. i mean, i'm not into guys. you know, no one would blame you for not going after your father, even if i had some incriminating evidence. they were addressed to a government advisor. my father said that the budget was too tight, so they used subpar materials. peggy was a smoker, but i guess everyone has their vice. yeah, what exactly does he say? what happened? some guys? uh, came asking for your brother. i don't want to let them in, but they both at the door. oh, they're i owe them money. okay, a lot but how is it? you just got out of prison. guys are from prison. they protected me. i'll get you the papers. am i a challenge? a bet you've made with your friends? see how long it takes to get the new girl. [Music], it's all right. keep going. keep going. on the plus side, i'm out. [ __ ] sickos. let's talk about that. just please stop. come on. don't be mad. no, we would rather save her family than our family. i couldn't because i like her. i really like marina. we've received the autopsy results. she was pregnant. you'll save a lot of your bears. now, i need a little more time having a good time. let's get out of here and go where. anyone at your place? what you giving? nothing. if you go anywhere near him again and give him as much as a cough drop, i swear to your sister, your mother, your whole [ __ ] family will find out. you have to sabotage it all. we both liked it, right? i just panicked. he's only interested in you because he made a bet that he could take your virginity. he was going to humiliate you by telling everyone. he's trying to find the courage to tell you that i like you, marina. samuel, you don't know me. there are things about what. thanks. you spread your legs for me in that pool. not even the thing is, i'm hiv positive. we're going to order dinner. it'll be our treat. we owe you that at least. what happened. she's hiv-positive. it's not a big deal. nowadays, i've been googling it. being hiv-positive is no big deal. i'm gonna do it again. have you ever had a threesome? i'm on medication, and it's undetectable, so you're safe from infection. but that's exactly why you told sammy, you wanted to scare him off. i'm playing my brother. and tell him the [ __ ] truth. you're not into him. i'm not playing [ __ ]. sorry. sorry, sorry, dude. this one won't forget about the money. said anything about killing, huh? just a warning shot. no leg my father has many contacts in mexico. he could make a couple phone calls and have a precious baby. a little extra. who's this nano friend of mine? i want you to take your family and get the hell out of here. the next guy they send won't be a [ __ ] like me. no way, no way. what that the sports star is gay. see, not that hard to get done, is it? not hard at all. and i can get you in. man. you do this for me. i'll call her now. [ __ ], man, you're amazing. okay. what we had was just a lie so you could get into my house. we right? what kind of story is you making up? goddamn you. i can't get you out of my [ __ ] head. but you're with my brother, and that's exactly what you need to stick with. marina doesn't have aids, you idiot. stop it. what the hell is wrong with you? huh? marina? you have hiv. nadia, please. i was infected a year ago, more or less. i'm on medication. i do blood tests every four months, and the virus isn't detectable. are you selling drugs? who said that? you like boys, don't you? if you choose to go down that path, you're going to lose mom and dad. [Music], marina, carla will be in class and her parents will be gone. the security code is one, six, four, nine. i'll text it to you later. her parents master bedroom is upstairs, and that's where you'll find the watches. they they stole the watches, and they stole mine as well. everything will be all right. yeah, he's just being detained. will pay bail. he's out. how much is it? three hundred thousand. listen, we're just saying, if you did take the watches, we wouldn't care. that's all. just return them and we'll forget all about why that one's important. it's a usb filled with documents you can't tell your brother. okay, important papers about my father's business. and figure out how we're going to return the watch. no, no. if it's that important, you think they'd pay for it back. it's not like we're really gonna give the watch to anyone. it'll just be a bluff to get him to pay. according to the tests, you're pregnant. how about four weeks along? i mean, we weren't together. i understand. who's is it? these opinions? huh? just get me on the [ __ ] cover. all right, hey, well, that depends on you. i'm leaving this [ __ ] town. you and me go somewhere, and nobody knows us where. no one knows about our screwed up past. we were hanging out at his mom's studio. and then he just started kissing all the way down my neck, right then he went and buttoned my shirt, took off my belt and started sucking my dick. who got marina pregnant? because there's only one person who comes to mind, you. you were always there. that was the deal. we share everything. carla, it was just a stupid mistake. here's a prepaid phone so they can't trace the call. thanks. did you get the marquise's husband's number? yeah, better have it back by tomorrow, and you will get nothing in return to my brother. yeah, your dad took his phone. who stole our watches? i know you're involved with this. when you came to my house, you saw me enter the code. we used to play with those watches when we were kids. lou, i'm also leaving school. my dad won't let me come back next year. so you don't have a boyfriend. you're single. you're free? yes, single and free with a thousand and one problems. my parents never leave. my parents are always out until at least 10 o'clock. what's his name on his name's omar. but we can't be together cause his dad's a [ __ ] caveman. theo tells me that you have something to do with the watches that were stolen. who are you hanging out with? did they brainwash you? tell me my son isn't a queer. no, i don't know who said it, but no, i'm saying i'm pregnant. is it? is it that waiter? no, his brother. first you rob from me and then you knock up my sister. i love you. i love you. damn it. i swear from now on, don't bother. i'll never listen to anything you have to [ __ ] say to me again. the watch is in good hands. you have it. it'll only take a minute. i'd like to make a deal with you so that nadia doesn't have to leave school. if you let her come back next year, i swear to god, i'll stay far away from her further i do. the winner is marina nuniere. have much to be proud of this year. so i'll take this opportunity to explain. i'm sorry, marina. don't go. i don't hate you. i've tried, but i just can't. i just talked to her and she's leaving. leave me alone. what are you doing here? hand over the watch, marina, excuse me, marina, hand over the watch, please. you think that if you give her the watch, you'll get back together? holy sh what the hell you laughing at? marina? what did you do? i don't know. we need to get rid of that blood. come here. come on. [Music]. just try and relax, please. how the [ __ ] am i supposed to do that? the cops are talking to everyone. i know they're going to call me in. you want to be my boyfriend, to be one of us, should know that people like us always, always protect each other. this is him. you are under arrest for the murder of marina nunez. make sure he's secure. time if you told us where the murder weapon's hidden, the trophy, holy [ __ ]. it's true. you don't even have a shred of evidence, dude. listen to me. we're no longer together. even more, we'll tell them we hate each other, so you won't have any motive for killing marina. samuel was right. if i had told my parents about marina, she'd still be alive. there has to be a way to prove that he's innocent. even if we had seen the killer with their own eyes, who the hell would believe us. there's gotta be some evidence, something. we need to find it. [Music], you 