actually, uh, can't stay. i have a plane to catch. where you going? london. thinking about it a lot, i've decided that i am going to quit the king kamehameha club. they want you back. that's why you've been having trouble committing to our partnership. okay, how do you know that? yeah, but they disavowed you. why would you want to work for them again? that was on me, magnum. i mean, i let my emotions run away with me and i went on an unsanctioned ventetta. the place is up for sale. wait, you broke because i put down a deposit to try and buy the place. what do you say, partners? i'll let you invest. ivan. that name mean anything to you? is it possible that ivan is an alias? thomas, you need to call captain green. yeah, i'm with tc. navy intel might be able to help. i do think we complement each other rather well. this is why we need to be partners. i saved your life. you saved mine. you're like the left brain to my right. you might be glad to know that, after much deliberation, i have decided to accept your offer. the state bar heard about what i did and revoked my law license because you a killer's gonna spend the rest of his life in prison, and the families of two victims are gonna have some kind of closure. i am going to start a pro bono law center so that i can help people who really need it. i'm gonna do it on the mainland. what do you mean? what we've had has been great, but i don't know that it can go beyond that. captain greene, lieutenant cooperation, need you to snatch and grab. marwin highlights of purchasing weapons and snatch heights, cia case officer from ground branch and a dia weapons analyst will help sell your approach. that sounds great, but i was thinking rick and cc could be out of the question. he finds the clients for my business, and you are the one who is the weapons expert who inspects those weapons on behalf of the client. i did what you asked. now i want my son. [Music]. i'm so very sorry if you're lost. a few days ago, my son was abducted by two men. they promised they'd release him if i sent magnum on a suicide mission in the triple frontier. well, i suppose we could stand here all evening arguing about whether it's worth risking our lives to save magnum. we all know the answer. i was supposed to snatch you up along with two other guys who aren't who they say they are, kind of like you. what are you talking about? i know you're an informant for the u.s government. i saw the emails. you could call me ivan. you're the only man alive who could ever get close to hayek, the only one who can get me access. that's why he wanted the identity of the white knight. what the hell are you doing here saving your ass? i told him everything. i am truly sorry for what i did to you, magnum. i haven't went through a hell of a lot of trouble to get the height. first he had to figure out who the white knight was, then he had to get me to the triple frontier. at the end of the day, he didn't get to hire when robin first hired me, i thought the job might be temporary, so i applied for a temporary visa. now it's up. so you've already overstayed your visa? yeah. and if i'm still here in 10 days, i get borrowed from re-entering the united states for three years, we can get married, kind of like a married couple. ten years in, we sleep under the same roof. we get on each other's nerves. don't sleep together. it's my immigration lawyer. he filed an emergency appeal, but it was denied because i overstayed so long, there is a chance that they'll deny me entirely. will you fake marry me? okay, fine, i will. but getting married for green card is a bad idea. and you and magnum doing it even worse. i've been thinking about it, and i just think it's gonna be far too hard to pull it off. so who are you man? look, if it's me, then you don't gotta pretend all the time. we got a better chance of getting away. i hope you and higgins have a a beautiful, fake life together. we shouldn't mix marriage with our partnership. i just don't want to marry anyone. this isn't about the sanctity of marriage at all. it's i don't want to live a lie. see, robin made it. he's up at the house, so i guess this is it. robin met with the attorney and together they resolved my visa status. so taken care of. i still don't understand robin's just signed over full ownership of this estate to me. you now own robin's nest. i'll be allowed to retain my legal residence status. so technically we now work for you. you 