* Welcome To The Breakdown Where Breakdown Some Fucked Up Shit. Today we are recapping a fake documentary type film called Man Bites Dog. This movie is about a killer named Ben who is followed around by a camera crew as they capture his deadly shenanigans. Wanna see who happens to be victim to complete mayhem, stay tuned for the breakdown. Breakdown * The Movie starts off with a innocent woman trying to walk past this guy. As shes walking past the guy grabs her as she's walking and suffocates her to death, or maybe to just sleep for about 40 seconds on screen. You can easily see that he is enjoying taking away that women's breath. * Then the title card comes up. Next the killer talks to the camera crew about throwing bodies underwater and he's very knowledgeable about disposing of people and shows it as he throws someone else over. Then he visits his grandparents at their shop. And we see the family is oblivious about his murderous personality. Next it cuts to Ben beating a mailman to death which is a part of Ben's daily routine. Ben then plays with some kids and as one of the kids shoot a toy gun, we get this montage. * Then he meets up with some woman named Jenny for a while and we just get shots where we learn more of Ben's personality. Then next it cuts to Ben killing a black man and we see that he buries many bodies using the cement. He also says something like he killed two muslim's but made sure they face mecca in their graves. The killer has the camera crew willingly help him drag the dead black man. Then he wants to see if the black guy follows that stereotype where they all are hung like horse and has the crew take his pants down and he gets his answer. * Then the killer knock on an old ladies door pretending to be an interviewer. They start a fake interview but then he pulls his gun out and starts screaming at the old lady, giving her a heart attack easily since she was a woman with heart problems, then Ben says he saved a bullet. * Then they start robbing her house and find money under the bed. Then the group have dinner at a restaurant. Ben talks bad to a waiter.Then as he's making a speech, he starts throwing up as the waiter looks on happily at his success of revenge, (not really the food was just good) * Next the killer forces a man to drive and follow someone, causing chaos on the road. Then he shoots the driver and chases after another random guy. Then in a big building, someone shots one of the crew members. Ben sneaks up and hits the survivor with a batman arkham asylum silent takedown. * Then they throw another body in a taxi trunk and then the crew stop at a bar. Ben tells the crew that he only kills small insignificant people so he doesn't attract attention. Next the sound guy cries on about his dead crew member. Next Ben pistol whips a woman and she convulses on the floor. Then Ben kills the husband by smashing his head on a mirror. Then he starts cracking his neck. A child sees it and runs away and escapes Ben and the crew. Ben catches the kid but he gets kneed in the nuts. They catch the kid and Ben starts suffocating the kid with a pillow. He says he doesn't like killing kids because they cause too much attention. * Then as the crew is in another house, a shoot out happens and another crew member dies. Then the same sound guy cries about it again. Ben shoots a ceiling and somebody falls to the floor. Then the crew come across another camera crew and Ben murders them all. * We get another montage of killing and then it cuts to them at the bar celebrating. After a drinking binge the crew gets kicked out and they walk the streets singing. Next the crew take turns raping a woman as they force the husband to watch. The husband looks more mad that his weewee aint as big as that black dude from the beginning. * Then we see they completely disemboweled the wife and murdered the husband. Then they dump the bodies. Ben gets his neck injured in a boxing match and then once he gets out the hospital he gets a birthday celebration. The crew give Ben a holster and he uses his revolver to kill one of the party goers for being annoying. Then he goes back eating as everyone else sits in shock. Then Jenny gives him her gift. * The crew wrap up the body and try to dump him but someone down there. Then they dig a spot in a big grave with many corspes. It cuts to Ben taking down another mail man but then out of nowhere we see that Ben has been imprisoned for murder. The mom believes Ben is innocent of all the killings. * Next Ben escapes off screen and calls the crew to meet him. The crew pick up Ben and take him to one of his female friends house. They girl has been murdered, and the flute she played has been stuck up her anus. Ben cries for his friend and washes the flute off. Then Ben gets dropped of at the family shop and he finds his family has also been killed similar to the girl Then back at a hideout, the crew asks whats next, and as Ben recites a poem, he gets shot in the head, then the long haired sound guy dies too. The last surviving one runs only to die at the door. The movie ends as we see the dead body of the last camera man and the credits transisition. * Well that was a pretty messed up movie guys, I thought it was pretty interesting but anyway lets talk about the most disturbed moment and most enjoyed moment in that Spooky Stuff Spooky Stuff * I Know everyone is glad to see Ben dead, but I'm more glad to see the camera crew dead. Not only did they film a murderer, they helped him with his murders, they were just as messed up as Ben! The most disturbed moment goes to the death of the old lady. I'm a sucker for innocent sweet women, and the women died in such a messed up way when she only expected to be interviewed. The most enjoyed moment goes to the end, fuck Ben, fuck the camera crew, bite these nuts. * And that's it, this movie was released in 1992, same year that CJ came back to San Andreas, and the director, the long haired sound engineer named Remy Belvaux Threw a pie at Bill Gates once. Anyway my name is SpookyRice, and this has been a breakdown. Outro Thank you guys for watching my video on Man Bites Dog, bout time someone recaps that most disturbed moments. Anyway if you enjoy my content make sure you guys watch the other breakdowns and subscribed today and hit that bell to be notified of some more interesting films. Anyway Spooky Out. 