the heartbreak story of facebook ceo mark zuckerberg, who initiated the creation of one of the biggest social media facebook. the story begins at harvard university, where mark, who was still a student at that time, was chatting with his girlfriend, erica albright. erica is a good woman. even though mark's chats were often difficult to understand, erica remains faithful to listen to mark's chats. but unfortunately, mark does not seem to appreciate erica's chats. so in the end, erica becomes annoyed and ends her relationship with mark. a heartbroken mark then returned to his dorm at harvard. he showed his frustration to erica by writing an article on his personal blog. he wrote down all of erica's disgrace, like the size of her small breast, and said that erica is a [ __ ]. at that moment, mark immediately got the idea to create a site called facemash.com, which is a site to review every woman on the harvard campus based on her sexiness. then came mark's friend named eduardo. he came to mark after he read the blog post that mark had just made, with a hard intent to comfort his friend who is heartbroken. eduardo is even invited by mark to help him complete the face mash site that mark will create. eduardo had doubts, because the site had the potential to make him hostile to all the women on campus. but finally he agreed to join mark and gave mark an algorithm which could be used for the face mashmark site. apart from eduardo, two of their friends joined them too. then they hacked the campus official website to get pictures of women all over the campus. once completed, the site was immediately released by mark and his three friends. the site immediately boomed and gained a lot of users. meanwhile, erica finally reads the writing on mark's blog. she immediately bursts into tears because she feels harassed. and the worst thing is that she is being bullied by men at the campus. mark, who had just released his face mashed there, was immediately opposed by all the women on campus because they all felt humiliated by mark. another problem also came to mark, where he was forced to a trial by the campus for hacking into the campus site. but instead of apologizing, he was proud of himself for having hacked a harvard class site mark was finally suspended by the campus for six months. and the news reached the ears of cameron taylor and diva, who were building a social media site, which they named harvard connection. the three of them intend to invite mark to join. the three of them then explained the concept of harvard connection. they made from the explanation, mark said that there is nothing special about harvard connection. the site will be exactly the same as myspace, but only with a different label. even so, mark still joined them. but it did not last long, because finally mark himself left and decided to create his own social media site. he again invited eduardo to join, because he knew that eduardo can fund the project he is planning. mark tries to convince eduardo with the plan he has. he explains that the site he will create is somewhat similar to the face mash he previously created, but this time it doesn't use illegal hack data. but users will fill in their own data themselves on that site. finally, eduardo decided to join and fund the mark project. he gave mark 1 200 us. dollars to start the project. long story short, the site was successfully created by mark on january 11, 2004, and he named the site as the facebook. however, after a month running, mark was not satisfied with the results he got from his new site, because he felt something was missing from the site. finally, he accidentally got a brilliant idea when his friend asked whether mark's friend, named stephanie, has a boyfriend or not. instantly, mark ran to his house to add a status column on the facebook user's page. that is what finally perfected the facebook. and the facebook was finally released to the public. the facebook went viral immediately after it's released. almost all harvard students became the facebook users. and now people make the facebook as of their main social media to interact with people, to strive for further development of the facebook. mark eduardo and his girlfriend christy, came to sean parker, ceo of a legal music download site netster.com, he will collaborate with mark and eduardo to develop the facebook site. but it seems that eduardo doesn't like sean because he has bad ethics. before sean left the meeting, he asked mark and eduardo to get rid of the word on the facebook, just be facebook. and since then, the facebook changed its name to facebook. it turns out that eduardo's suspicion is right. sean has a bad influence on facebook. he teaches mark a glamorous lifestyle. in addition, he instigated mark to get eduardo out of the team. but mark did not immediately comply with sean's request. despite the bad influence that sean brought, he managed to expand facebook to the world. and facebook also got a big investment for the first time, which amounted to half a million dollars. but unfortunately, sean finally managed to instigate mark to get eduardo out of the team. and knowing this, eduardo was immediately angry with mark. he did not expect that mark would prefer to be on the side of sean parker, who has many relationships, rather than choosing his own best friend. disappointed, eduardo finally left the facebook office. mark also felt that something was missing from facebook, even though at that time, they had managed to get one million users from all over the world. in order to make things even mark finally came up with a way to get sean off facebook. that is when sean was having a drug party, mark purposely called the police to come to the party to arrest sean. and finally, mark became the sole ceo of the company facebook, at the expense of many things, from his ex erica, the harvard connection trio, sean parker, and also his own best friend, eduardo. at the end of the story, mark zuckerberg faces lawsuits from the harvard connection trio regarding the stealing of the harvard connection idea to build facebook, as well as a lawsuit from eduardo. but in the end, they all reconciled. the harvard trio and eduardo did not continue their lawsuit against mark. this film ends with a scene showing mark inviting his ex erica to become his friend on facebook. 