listen, I had made a video on Bohemian Rhapsody that got a lot of these type of comments and forming me that there is a difference between a biopic and a documentary. and I'm eternally grateful for that knowledge. see, every movie is going to take its liberties in order for it to fit the narrative, right? but I find it funny when people pick and choose. I can tell when people have a bias for Queen and they like the movie. I like the movie too. but it's funny when they hit me with that, it's just a movie. but then you see them complain about another biopic when it's not accurate, and then they change their stance. to me, the same can be said for the movie, beautiful boy. right? I like both of these movies. I think that they're both impactful. but they both do something where they alter the real-life stories that I think limits them both. let me explain. for starters, I want to give a big shout out to the directors previous movie called the broken circle breakdown, because I think that's a really good film, and not a lot of people saw that when it came out. and I'm also fully disclosing that I'm a Timothy shala fan. I remember him being the angsty son in homeland than the angsty football player and men, women and children, a young angsty Casey Affleck and interstellar. and I remember catching call me by your name at Sundance before all the buzz head, thinking he could call me by whatever he wants. so when I see credits calling his performance Timothy sha'lame, it pains me to say I can kind of see it. [Music]. I don't really mean his performance is bad. I think it's a good performance. it's just that there's a bunch of missing bits around it that kind of bring it down. see, this movie's based off of a memoir from a Rolling Stone journalist whose son became an addict at an early age, and he does everything in his power to rescue his beautiful boy. and it's touching. Steve Carell also gives a great performance as his father, who never does anything wrong. and that's what I do, that fathers never are this perfect. and I know some people miss the difference between critiquing a movie and its filmmaking right, how its presented, and then the real-life story of an addict. so don't confuse it too. I think the chef's story is a heartbreaking and motivational story that definitely should be out there before they completely cut out a person. see, when I talked about Bohemian Rhapsody, I talked about small changes, right? like, clearly that movie ramped up timelines. it combined some events so it can fit within two hours. some of the characters were representing multiple people. like I always say, people just repeat back what's in the video. but I think the reason why most people focus on the little small things that I even said were irrelevant and ignored the main point of the video was because it diminishes the comments. well, the movie was meant to respect Freddy's legacy and inspire not focus on the negative, right? is that why they blamed Freddy for leaving the band when these other two went solo first? Seattle Mercury wasn't perfect, but the amount of mistakes they blamed on Freddy, while the producers, who are also in the movie, came out flawless. see, even if a movie isn't perfect, that doesn't mean you can't like you like. it's completely fine for Bohemian Rhapsody to be your favorite of the year for a beautiful boy to be your favorite of the year, but I do think it's important to acknowledge when they omit or change things, especially when it's a true story. so when I watch beautiful boy, I kind of felt that in a major way. like I said, Carl's performance is great. he's struggling to help his beautiful boy and try to understand him, as many of these hashtag sad boys movies have been trying to do. but there's so many of these movies where these kids are so well off, and all of a sudden they find themselves, they put themselves in a really bad predicament. and this one kind of takes the cake for those, because they never really show you why. like, yeah, they have moments in the cafe where Nick's trying to tell his dad about the pressures that he gave him growing up, about all of these expectations. but even after they cast two younger Timmy's and they had all these flashbacks, they never show steve carell character loses temper because he had to be such a perfect dad. again, I'm not blaming the real father and son duo. I'm just curious why the movie told it that way, because it kind of limited the impact enix journey, especially with our absent. they made the mother feel like she was there in the movie, but they made her seem like she was more focused on her works, and she was also a journalist that she didn't know how to handle her son, as opposed to, again, the perfect father. and I'm not saying that certain people had pulled over the story than others, but reading this article from the mom told me everything I needed to know that even though she was aware certain things in the movie are clearly altered against her, like a true mother, she never made it about herself. like every other week, I'm always seeing a thirsty article pop up about a family member twice removed, talking about their cousin's cousin legacy, just cuz they want attention, right? they don't actually care about how a movie covered a person. but this lady avoided that completely. unlike the character they showed on screen. this mother in real life supported this movie because she knew how important it was to her son. she went to the screening, she walked on that carpet and then left it till the end of this long article to say, yeah, that's that's not really how I recall this story, like there's bits in this article which he talks about how she was balancing work in her son's addiction in real life. like there's a story that she has about interviewing a famous star on the phone, talking about motherhood, while at the same time she had the police on the other line who was running a missing-persons case for her child. I wasn't that in the movie. she corrects in this article, how they both had equal custody in real life, how, unlike in the film, she was there for her son, playing an active role, how it was her job that was paying for the rehab. and, well, the movie has this one bit where they actually showed her mom breaking down Megan the husband to help her reach her own child. when she talked about her ex in the article, she referred to him as the best partner in all of this. even after knowing how the movie kind of altered her image, she still doesn't bill it all her husband. she doesn't blame him. she says she found refuge and knowing there was someone else who loved her son just as much. so again, did they cut those scenes out? or I just personally felt those scenes were obvious when I saw the movie that things were missing, that it it wasn't really how it probably played out in real life. and after reading this article, it confirmed it for me. it just continues to prove how shifting the perspective to kind of, you know, overly focus or have one character shine, detract from the impact of the story, especially in a true story. I'm aware there's always going to be changes, but don't cut out or change some of the most important characters. show us the lows they got Nick to where he's at during the flashback scenes, show was the mistakes the father made. who doesn't have to be perfect, include the mother's side. and most importantly, someone get to me a chiropractor, because this dude is curvy as how. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm Kirsten. are your thoughts down below in the comment section? did you love this movie? do you think the changes? you know, me, nothing to I like I said, you can still enjoy the movie. I thought was interesting one of the most probably commented comments on the Bohemian Rhapsody video was saying that I they just weren't gonna disrespect Freddie Mercury, and then ignore the fact that the changes they made in the movie of blaming him for mistakes, he's kind of blaming Freddie Mercury. so the same thing here, as someone who's a mama's boy, sounds very interesting to just kind of omit the mom from the story and never even, like, have the flashback scenes where the dad showed that he kind of, you know, made some mistakes, like reading in the article. she also talked about how the mom carried her own son's body to detox. there was a point when she talked about certain things where she was able to notice things about her kid that the husband didn't even realize. so it's a, I need to rewatch this movie, because I feel like a lot of the things that the dad did, again, I can't say, but it felt like it was the mom story that he just took credit for. but visionary thoughts down below. I think something we can all agree with was that the rehab centers were complete and ordered trash. in this movie, it was a point where the rehab says that they are not responsible for the patients when they leave, that we relapse as a part of recovery. some really garbage stuff, especially when they're paying, like, tens of thousands of dollars, just to put them in there. but if you're Centurion, thoughts about this movie? let me know whether you liked it or not. what's it impactful for you? what you think is Timothy Charlemagne's best performance when he acts, through the credits, all that good stuff. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you Timmy's unreleased mixtape 