[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and it seems like, even after a week of its release, stranger things is still sending people's understanding of the ending upside down. throughout this video, I'll be discussing the secret, hidden message in the show, as well as breaking down what it could mean about the true fate of our hero, Jim hopper. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't watched all of stranger things through yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking the video. I hope you enjoy it. now let's get into my breakdown of the secret stranger things 3 message. okay, so stranger things 3 is nobly ended with Jim Hoppa, played by David Harbor, apparently dying after being caught in the blast caused by the destruction of the Russian weapon that had been used to create a tear to the upside-down. Papa's death was a really heartbreaking moment in the show that had massive ramifications for everyone, especially 11 who went to live with Joyce and her family. however, there was a post-credits scene that showcased that everything might not be as it seems. and it looks like there are more hidden messages within the show that confirmed the character could still be out there. those who follow harbor on instagram may have noticed that, after the season premiere, that he had begun changing his profile picture to a set of numbers every day. their overall read 6 186. it seemed like quite a strange message to put out on the Internet. however, eagle-eyed viewers have went back and noticed that they have some significance to the show. the numbers are actually the first few digits of Marie Bowman's phone number from the show, which is as follows, six, one, a, six, two, five a, three, one, three. this telephone numbers actually live over the weekend, and a lot of people rang it up to see if there was a secret Easter Egg for it. well, it turns out there was. and before the number was cut up, the following message from Morita Joyce played on it, hi, you have reached the residence of Marie Bowman mum. if this is you, please hang up and call me between hours of 5:00 and 6:00 p.m. as previously discussed. okay, if this is Joyce, Joyce, thank you for calling. I've been trying to reach you. I have an update. it's about, well, it's probably best if we speak in person. it's not good or bad, but it's something. this is, of course, in reference to Jim hopper, and offers a lot more hope that he's out there somewhere, having escaped to the upside down and making it to come chapter. it also clears up the fan theory that Murray is the American in the cell as had he been captured, that he wouldn't have been able to leave this behind. it seems like more and more that we are getting mounting evidence that Jim Hoppa is alive and out there somewhere. and this once again cements it for me that he's still in the land of the living. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this news. and if you agree that hopper is still alive, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of all the evidence that supports that hopper is still breathing, which would be linked at the end. in it, I go over all of the theory, as well as the hints that the show leaves to back it up. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. I'll leave that linked at the end. and I just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of Avengers and game to one lucky winner. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the theory in the comments below. the winner will be chosen at random on August the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then to ever get to the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 