Welcome to the breakdown where we breakdown all the messed up movies! Here it is, the House that Jack Built directed by Lars Von Trier! Also the director of Antichrist, a film that is pretty classic in terms of being a well known disturbing film! The House that Jack Built is right up there, showing a serial killer named Jack kill many victims over the course of 12 years! All the while, Jack is conversation with some unseen figure named Verge, who basically makes Jack look like a pretentious sicko. Now before we get into the video, we do have a word from our wonderful sponsor! First lets have a word from our beautiful sponsor, The Ridge Wallet! Yall know..The entity that's been selling some of the best minimalist products on the market! Which includes the titular Ridge Wallet. Look guys, why is you still..using..a suitcase? Like? You know what suitcases share in common with those wallets you have in your back pockets? They both can get over-packed, they both can get lost, and they both heavy as hell. Look if you are sick of that, then you need to check out the classic slick Ridge Wallet! You got two metal plates held together by a strong elastic band, and options of material that include Titanium, Aluminum and Carbon Fiber. Plus you got plenty of colors to choose from too! Now this wallet is perfect for holding cash, cards, ids, and guess what... It blocks any RFID chip hacking in case your cards have them. So look, The Ridge Wallet is that five star minimalist wallet that is perfect for holding what you need and tossing the rest. So if you're situation is comfortable right now and if you do decide to order anything from the Ridge Wallet website, you can get free worldwide shipping and free returns, Plus 10% off your purchase! To get that, you gotta go to Ridge.com/SPOOKY as you can see here! At checkout, make sure you use the promo code SPOOKY and then you're all good! Again, Thanks for The Ridge Wallet for helping us out today! We are really grateful honestly! Right so back to The House that Jack Built. He's invited us in. If you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown! Cue the GOHAN! The movie starts off.....naw I just had to say that for old times sake. Throughout this entire film, the main character Jack is having a conversation with an unseen figure named Verge. You'll get more context later but, they have a very philosophical like conversation based on Jacks ideals and crimes. More likely then not though, Verge will often sarcastically or bluntly disagree with Jack's delusional thoughts. Lets get into it now, it's the first incident. Jack is riding around when a woman, the deadliest woman in the world flags him down. She needs a...Jack, her car broke down. She need to get it fixed cuz she gotta go Kill Bill. Jack is very reluctant to help because he wants to just go about his business but he eventually agrees painfully to drive her to Sonny's, a local blacksmith. She's a very sardonic lady and jokes around saying Jack looks like a serial killer. She even tells him how she should kill her and bury him. Kind of rude to joke around like that but its apart of her charm. Despite fixing the jack, it breaks again when they try to use it and she cries for him to drive her back to Sonny's. She's like I'm sorry about saying you're a serial killer. You're too much of a wimp to be one. That didn't go well for Jack, and he kills her with the Jack. Its then that we get into more introspection between Jack and Verge. Jack often compares his murdering to art..Like what serial killer doesn't now. He owns a walk-in freezer where he has some privacy and puts the woman's body inside. He attempts to hide the ladies car despite it being noticeable from the road, but sees it as a stroke of genius because its out of police jurisdiction at this point so no officers will see it anyway. So Jack often compares his murder to art, and Verge isn't listening out of anything more than interest. He already has a dead set opinion that Jack is a lunatic to put things short. Here is the second incident. All five happen over the course of 12 years. Jack is watching an old lady walk home. Dressed professional, he attempts to open the door first but sees its locked. He rings the doorbell and once she opens, Jack awkwardly tells her he is the police. Its like a sitcom how much he fumbles around. She asks to see a badge though, something he terribly explains away. After seeing her past husband's memorial he digs up a story saying he's really an insurance agent who can increase her pension. He said all that about being a police officer was what they tell him to say when he knocks on doors to tests the homeowners. She's still kind of doubtful but if he can increase her pension then she'll let him in. Once inside he rambles on about having to stand outside for so long. She's on edge a bit too cuz she really wants more money but apart of me thinks she knows she messed up. And mess up she did, and she is unsuccessful strangled by Jack. He has bad luck in strangling her. She doesn't die right away so he makes her drink water with donuts so she can choke. She doesn't choke though and so he just strangles her again and stabs her in the chest..ending her painful grasps of air. He takes pictures of her body before backing up the van to put her inside. He then covers up his tracks and makes sure everything is clean. See Jack has OCD, and cant stop the need to go back in to clean up the place spotless. He imagines random blood stains that aren't actually there. His compulsions keep him going back inside many times and recleaning. Soon he hears sirens in the distance and gets in the car to race away. Despite this, his compulsion tortures him again even though police are coming. Soon the police investigate the area after having calls of a burglary, and an officer discovers Jack in his van. He hid the body before the officer came. In the midst of a burlary investigation, Jack uses it to pain the story that he is an old friend of Claire the lady he killed. According to Jack, he says he's been waiting for 2 hours for Claire but no answer came from knocking. Jack is very eccentric, but I think it damn near helps him get away from being suspected. He ties the ladies body to his van while the officer is inside. The officer told him to leave. He drives the van away dragging the woman all the way back to his walk-in fridge building. It literally leads a blood trail all the way to his building. Nature is on his side though because it so happens to rain and wash away all the blood trail. The ladies body is basically destroyed too. Jack knows he is a psychopath and usually practices emotions in the mirror to fit in with others. Really Jack is getting the temptation to taunt and see if he can be caught. He went through his entire life getting away from trouble, as well as fitting the criteria of origins that serial killers have. Anyway, Jack kills some girlfriend of his one day. She didn't know Jack was going to strangle her and it's the result of practicing so much that he could strangle her to death so easily compared to last time. He puts her in his fridge room too. Sometime later he decides to take better pictures of the dead bodies. His compulsion to be clean and hidden dissolves. He begins making more rash decisions like running over a random old lady. He brings both bodies back to his apartment even when someone could notice him easily. Some pictures he takes he sends to the local newspapers. Its where he coins his own serial killer name, Mr Sophistication. So back to Jack and Verge and their conversations. Sometime later they talk about family and Jack lights up because family has to do with the third incident. This is kinda disturbing so beware. One day Jack has taken a current girlfriend and her two kids George and Grumpy on a hunting lesson. Jack makes sure to pain a narrative that he doesn't like killing animals unless its ethical. He speaks so passionately about the activity of hunting. When its showing random clips that relate, it means he is rambling and showing off his knowledge of everything. Anyway Jack helps George here shoot at a target but things turn quickly. Firstly, Jack explains the right way to kill a deer. Aim for the young, since a mother could live without her young. The young couldn't live without a mother. So now that we know this, expect Jack to be killing young. Randomly we see the family hiding. Jack has probably scared them into hiding from him but he is posted and ready to use his rifle. Grumpy is so scared he runs away from his mother. You probably don't want to see this. I'm serious close your eyes if you don't want to see children die. Grumpy has his whole leg shot in half. The mother's reaction is pretty hard to listen to. Once George pops out Jack shoots him in the head too and the mother is left exposed and broken. Jack soon places both children on a picnic mat and forces her to feed her two dead children some pie. This is an excellent day he says. He asks what her favorite number is, 12, and that's how long she has to run away before being shot. She doesn't really run away though. I understand completely honestly I wouldn't blame her if she didn't even leave the mat. Still she is shot and wounded. She crawls away a little bit but Jack shoots her again and ceases her sporadic breathing. He then builds this little trophy parade. Its not the worse part. Get ready for child mutilation. Jack uses wires and tools to change Grumpy's face, and once rigor mortis sets in then he removes the wires and tools... revealing Grumpy's twisted face. Imagine if Joker did this in the latest film about him.Its something he would do and everybody would go nuts. The fourth incident. Jack uses a crutch on his way to a girlfriends home. His girlfriend Jacqueline is insecure about her relationship with Jack. He usually calls her Simple because he believes she's stupid, but he admits to caring for her more than a psychopath should. She's not that slow, not everybody needs to know where tigers are. He treats her cruel. She asks what he does for a living and he puts it in simple, easy to understand terms. He kills. He's killed 60 people. Patrick Bateman admitted that too. If someone admits that they are a serial killer, step away. Jack thinks she has nice breasts. He uses a marker to circle around both like an incision line. Smartly she nonchalantly escapes the room telling a police officer stationed outside that her boyfriend is claiming to be a serial killer and is weird. The officer thinks she's drunk though and Jack saying this doesn't help. He played the drunk idiot and the police leaves thinking it was just a drunk argument. She believes his fake drunk disposition and forgives him. She's still a little suspicious I guess and notices soon that she is locked inside her room. Not a big mystery on who locked it. She noticed that he's not using his crutch anymore, she don't seem so simple to me. She even says that he must be Mr. Sophistication. The daring Jack tells her to scream for her life. He even gives her some pointers. Jack lets her scream out the window but Jack's point is he doesn't care about her and neither does anybody else. He ties her up and makes her choose which knife he will use. He cuts right into her breast and slashes both off which we don't see all the way gladly. After she is dead he puts one of them on the police officers windshield. Jack and Verge soon talk about how Jack sees himself above his victims. Above women specifically. He describes women as easier to use for art but not because they might be smaller or whatever. Again Verge questions all of Jack's egotistic and pretentious speech. No matter what Jack says to justify his murders as art, Verge will often disagree entirely. Jack also says something along the lines that religion has turned humans into slaves who deny the savageness they have inside. Serial Killers also use these excuses. By the way, Jack made the other breast into a wallet. The fifth incident. Jack has kidnapped a man to add to his row of 5 people tied together. He's planning got shoot them all in the head with one bullet. A Full metal jacket bullet can do that, but his latest victim sees that Jack has the wrong bullet. Jack is itching to make this murder perfect. I'm sure he knows it might be his last and he doesn't care about getting caught or dying. He locks his fridge room and goes to his local gun place only to create a tantrum on the worker there. He can't exchange bullets because Jack has no receipt or ID on him. After he leaves angrily the worker calls the police. Jack goes to an old friend of his named SP to get a full metal jacket. SP here instead holds Jack so the police can arrest him. Apparently the police are on to Jack about a robbery he committed. Jack uses their friendship as leverage to manipulate him into putting the gun down, and then kills SP with a knife to the throat. He finds a single Full Metal Jacket bullet and waits for the impending officer. He switched clothes with SP, using the trick to shoot the police officer to death and steal his car. He drives all the way back to his walk-in fridge building with the siren blaring. He wants the police to find him. Anyway he is ready to kill all five people with one bullet. While aiming down the sights he notices its too blurry which means he is too close. The only way to get distance is to open this door behind him, a door he hasn't been able to open for 12 years. He succeeds into opening the door today though, and once he opens the door, we are only seeing what is in Jack's mind. We are a guest in his head. He aims down at his victims and is ready to shoot, until he hears a voice calling him in the back. Its Verge, our first time seeing him and Jack's first time too. I guess all those conversations were after this event. The police are right outside the building. Verge asks Jack "wasn\'t you going to build a house?" All those attempts at building one on his land was a failure in his eyes. Verge influences him to use the materials he has inside the walk-in fridge. The dead bodies. It would definitely take hours to do this, time Jack shouldn't have because the police were literally right outside before he started. The house isn't real, but regardless this is The House that Jack Built. Verge leads Jack to follow him down a hole inside the house, while the police are cutting through the building to get in. The police cut through and once they have a whole in, a cop randomly aims his gun inside the fridge and shoots twice..Both hitting Jack's house, but the second bullet hits right when Jack stumbles inside the hole. We are seeing Jack's delusions right now, so its likely the police busted in and shot and killed Jack. That's why he fell in so suddenly, like he was shot. Where is this place though? You see Verge is actually a special guide. Around 600 years ago, Verge guided Dante through the levels of hell. I haven't read the story in a while but this scene is based on Dante's Inferno. Verge is short for Virgil, the roman poet who led Dante is now leading Jack. They hear a strong ringing sound. The louder it gets means the closer they are to where Satan is I believe. He is down in the lowest level. They stop at a good afterlife. The Elysian Fields. Jack cries upon viewing an image that is something he enjoyed during his childhood where he grew up. They make their way through the circles of hell, and Verge takes him past where he should actually be just to give him a tour. They stand right over a broken bridge, and below is the final circle of hell where the most suffering happens, and where Satan sits trapped. The ringing sound is deafening. Verge says he was actually supposed to deliver Jack a couple circles up, which I take would be the violence circle since that's where most murderers go. Jack asks what the path on the other side of the bridge goes to. Verge says it leads out of hell and up into heaven. Jack ponders that maybe you can Nathan Drake across the walls to get to the other side. Verge says you can climb over there if you want, but nobody has every made it across. And plus Jack you aren't even supposed to be down at this level. Verge says good bye to Jack as he climbs across. He climbs pretty well until gets to the midpoint. After some obvious trouble, Jack falls all the way down to the worst part of hell..Doomed to suffer forever. Jack has hit the road! So now that we've seen what happens, lets talk about the most disturbed moment and most enjoyed moment in that Spooky Stuff cue the GOHAN! So let's get right into it. The most disturbed moment is probably the Third Incident. Seeing children murdered is always tough to witness. And the response of a mother towards the loss of her children is always harrowing to view and listen to. Kinda like in Bedevilled. The most enjoyed moment is the epilogue as Virgil leads Dante through hell. I liked how this entire scene was. And overall it was satisfying seeing Jack fall down. 