[Music] you. we'll rodman, a scientist at the san francisco biotech company jens's, is testing the viral base drug alz-112 on chimpanzees to find a cure for Alzheimer's disease. Al's at 112 is given to a chimp named bright eyes, greatly increasing her intelligence. however, during wills presentation for the drug, bright eyes is forced from her cage, goes on a rampage and is killed. Will's boss, Steven Jacobs, terminates the project and has the chimps euthanized. however, wills assistant Robert Franklin, discovers that the reason for bright eise's rampage was that she had recently given birth to an infant chimp. will agrees to take in the chimp, who is named Caesar. will learns that Caesar has inherited his mother's intelligence and decides to raise him. three years later, will introduce his Caesar to the redwood forest and more was National Monument. meanwhile, we'll treat his dementia suffering father, Charles, with alz-112, which seems to restore his cognitive ability. five years later, when Caesar reaches adolescence and sees a dog on a leash like his own, he questions his identity and learns of his origins from will. meanwhile, Charles condition returns as he becomes resistant to ales. at 112, Cesar injures a neighbor while defending and Confused Charles. as a result, he is placed in a primate shelter where he is treated cruelly by the other chimps and the chief guard. dodged Landon Cesar learns how to unlock his cage, gaining free access to the common area. with the assistance of a gorilla named buck, he confronts the sanctuaries alpha chimp named Rockets and claims opposition. meanwhile, Jacobs clears development of a more powerful gaseous version of the drug ales at 1:13, when will tells him it can also improve intelligence. will takes the drug home to try to save his father. the Charles declines further treatment and dies overnight. after attempting to test the drug on a scarred bonobo, test subject named Koba. Franklin becomes exposed to ales at 113 and becomes ill. attempting to warn will at his home, he sees his blood onto their neighbor Franklin is later found dead. will attempts to reclaim Caesar, but the chimp refuses to go home with him. instead, he escapes from the facility and returns to Will's house where he takes canisters of the alz D 113. upon returning, Cesar releases the gas and allows it to enhance the intelligence of the other Apes. when dodge attempts to get him back into his cage, Cesar speaks for the first time, yelling and then unintentionally electrocuting him to death. the Apes flee the facility, released the remaining chimps from Genesis and free more apes from the San Francisco Zoo. a battle ensues as the ape army fights their way past a police blockade on the Golden Gate Bridge to escape into the redwood forest. buck sacrifices himself to save Cesar by jumping into the helicopter in which Jacobs is riding. the helicopter crashes onto the bridge, trapping Jacobs in the wreckage. Jacobs is then killed by Koba. as the Apes find their way into the forest, will arrives and warn Cesar that the humans will hunt them down and begs him to return home. in response, Cesar hugs him and says that Oh, will, realizing that this is indeed their last goodbye, respect Cesar's wishes, the Apes embrace their new lifestyle in the forest. in a mid-credits scene, Will's neighbor, who is now infected from Franklin and sneezing blood on him, is shown leaving for work as an airline pilot, arriving at San Francisco International Airport for his flight to Paris. his nose begins to drip blood onto the floor. a graphic traces the spread of the humanity ravaging virus around the globe via international flight routes. [Music], you 