[Music]. this time i'm going to talk about a summary of the live-action storyline from the famous anime attack on titans. tells the story of mankind attempting to survive tighten attacks behind the wall. okie, without lingering, just put on your hands free. make sure your lying position is symmetrical. fasten your pants. stop picking your nose. enjoy watching. and here we go. the apoplectic time is shown as the movie starts. it means that human-like monsters named titans had destroyed the whole world 1000 years ago. being afraid, human beings are surviving behind their own made walls to save themselves. and they were surviving with the hope behind the wall, that wall will shield them if titans come. the inner world of walls had been divided into three parts. the third part of area included peasants who used to survive working in the farms. the second part was industrial, where the factories had been constructed. the first part of area was integral, where the aristocratic people were holding the whole city, and no one was allowed to move from one area to another. a boy named oren living in the third part of the area, being terrified, he could not live like the prisoners behind the walls, because he has a passion to do something great. it was his dream to explore the outside world. he also shares his dream with his friends, because he was doubtful on the existence of the titans. he used to think that people are hidden here as being afraid from the titans. iren's male friend is also brilliant. along with him, peasants were not allowed to conduct any experiment. according to government. it will be wrong if anyone struggles to achieve his success. there is a girl named mikasa. irene and mikasa used to like each other. she wanted to lead a comfortable life with iren. there was a bomb machine. so this place was his best loved for this cause. being afraid, people avoided to visit here. now this time, iran intends to go beyond the wall. at any rate, there was the security of military officers near the wall, but hiding from the eyes of military. they come nearer to the wall, but they are arrested before they move ahead. military leader secures them because he had a soft corner for a wren, and he was aware about the brilliancy of iren. and he had understanding of aaron's passion. they are still conversing as such that earth shakes. looking above the wall, they are not believing what is before their sight. at the first time, they were facing a great terror. he was monster titan who was bigger and stronger than other titans. is made of fire and taller than that wall. at that time, he was blowing fire. he begins to crack the wall using his giant feet. there was a worst condition because of the fire attack. leader commands a military officer to attack with bombs. but that soldier stops him, saying that government has banned us to use these explosives. 