Who is this guy? this is Elliot. and Elliot is a wreck. he is pushed around and talked down. plus he is never taken seriously. to be fair, i think that's his fault point is, most of us start somewhere at the bottom with shitty jobs. i mean, and if we want things to change, i guess we have to change ourselves. but that is something he does not understand, and therefore is prone to quick money promised by pop-up ads, triggered by visiting questionable webpages. to give you a quick overview of his life, he just lost his job. his black girlfriend is pregnant. his racist son of a [ __ ] father got evicted and now plans to move in with him. and he also takes care of his mentally impaired younger brother. that's a pretty shitty situation to be in. not gonna lie. and i think we can all agree that we all wish him the best. but to be honest, to end up in a hopeless situation like that, you need more than just bad luck. what you need is bad luck paired with an additional above average dedication to things up. but Elliot has good fortune coming his way. quick money. yep, the way to riches and wealth without breaking a sweat for it. in fact, all he needs to do to get his cash is making kids cry, trading ostriches in the streets and eating [ __ ] insects. me explain. alright. so Elliot receives a phone call by a random old chap that promises him a thousand dollars for killing a fly. okay, i'm gonna hang up now. at this moment, you are being defeated by a fly. now to me, that voice on the other side sounds pretty fishy. but Elliot doesn't care, right? he needs the money. so he kills that fly and instantly receives a thousand dollars. just like that. the phone rings again, and the voice on the other side promises him another 3.6 k if he eats that fly. what does Elliot do? he eats that fly, of course. i mean, ever since Bear Grylls, that stuff is, uh, culturally respected. but here's the catch, the rules of the game are the following. so there will be 13 challenges right now. Elliot has already succeeded with two. and after each challenge, he will receive a higher amount of money than he has received before. but if you stop or interfere with the game in any way, including telling anyone about it, you will lose all earned money thus far. and after successfully winning all challenges, if you should make it that far, you should have won about 5 million dollars. however, in my humble opinion, these rules should ring the bells. i mean, the red flag present is equivalent to an albino in Nigeria. fact is, nothing in this world is free. therefore, i think it is safe to assume that the challenges you will face could become a little extreme. and also, for the record, this is important to me. even killing a fly for a thousand dollars is pathetic. i'm not a vegan, but hear me out. killing the fly is not the issue here. but what you do is you let yourself be enslaved by a stranger to do something that you normally wouldn't do, just for the sake of money. and that is a dangerous precedence if you are not aware of it. but if you are aware of it, you may have a chance to participate in the game and turn the tables in your favor. here's my idea. first, i think you have to understand that this game probably cannot be won, at least not with maintaining your full health. at one point during this game, the game masters will most likely request you to do something that crosses a certain line, and that, if participated, will threaten your well-being. the worst possible challenge that could await you is probably somewhere on the line of excessive physical force against someone else, or maybe even yourself. it may be something like mutilation, abduction, extreme humiliation, aka black mirror episode 1. or even worse, watching dumb people doing dumb on youtube for 24 7. if something like this arises, a reasonable person wouldn't continue, right? and therefore would lose all the money as well. so if you want to win this game, you must prepare for the worst possible challenge. and if you do that, you will realize that even if 12 of the 13 challenges are easy peasy, but the 13th challenge is impossible, then it doesn't make much sense to participate. but what are the challenges? well, let's look at the game. the first challenge was killing a fly for a thousand bucks, then eating it for another 3.6 k the third challenge is causing a kid to cry. the fourth burning activity scene in the backyard of a church. and the fifth is, trade an ostrich for the clothe of a homeless man. yeah, that's some funny ass challenges that would cause me to wonder, if i'm on a cheap tv show question, would you draw the line at any of these five challenges? chances are you probably don't. me neither. i guess if i would commit to any of these, you see people nowadays do worse stuff for 16 subs on the web. i wouldn't even commit to the first one, but if i decided to go along with it, for whatever reason, i would not have had a problem with any of these. firstly, i'm making kids cry unintentionally by just staring at them. perhaps it's because of my left lazy eye, i don't know. and secondly, burning a nativity scene for 10 grand i mean, Jesus would understand, no doubt. god bless the lord. and trading an ostrich for a bunch of smelly clothes, well, i wish it was the other way around, but for 20k man, i can't complain. the key to success in this game is knowing when it's enough. and honestly, after those five games, and having collected around forty thousand dollars, you already have everything you need to turn your life around. therefore, the only way to beat this game, in case of an impossible challenge, is scam the scammer. quick side note here, if all 13 challenges are possible to overcome without crossing a certain line, then fine, have fun playing and getting rich. but you shouldn't count on it. if you don't expect the worst, this game will beat the [ __ ] out of you. so beat number one, expect the worst, and beat number two, prepare to run. this is what you need to do. we know that after each challenge, the money is instantly transferred to our account. that implies two things. first, the money is in our possession. and second, they seem to spy on us in real time, visually and auditory. these are two important facts that will help us beat the game. once you receive a sum, you should cash it out and hide it in a secure place. but considering you are observed, this may not be the best way to go. so perhaps better would be the idea to transfer it to a foreign bank account, invest it into cryptocurrency, or, even better, pay off your student loans and other debts and bills ahead of time, this prevents the game master to cancel the transactions if you should stop playing the game. since the rules predict a complete loss of won money when we stop playing, we must conclude that they somehow have attorney power over our account, which further implies that they are very powerful. so every amount we receive and reinvest safely will function sort of like a checkpoint. we can't fall behind it. this, on the other hand, will definitely agitate the game masters, and therefore you should be cautious about it. that leads me to my alternative point. play the game with the intention of exposing it to Interpol why not the FBI, you might ask. well, i will get to that in a second. now, of course, if the game is a truly benevolent game, then you don't need to worry about anything. but since we must expect the worst, you would do well to record all the phone calls, the timelines, note the rules and save the transaction slips, etc. also, you must tell someone about your participation. all of this must be done secretly. obviously. don't forget that you're observed. you must consider the fact that your home and clothes are bugged. there are probably hidden cameras everywhere. and one or more people are steadily following you, most likely as well. "the guy\'s nice. that\'s him. that\'s the man.". You should also tell someone about it, preferably someone close to you. don't forget that you are observed. your environment is probably bugged. and you can't ignore the possibility of video surveillance either. therefore, i would make an appointment at the local massage parlor, get my partner in crime in there too, take off my clothes and let's get it on. just kidding, but that spot would be a good one to exchange crucial information at. the reason for that is privacy. however, i urge you not to talk even in there. do it like the soviets did. write your dialogue on a piece of paper and pass it back and forth. another thing that works fine is turn up some music and whisper in each other's ears. when things are starting to go downhill, or you decide to stop playing the game. the gathered information will help you to seek professional help. the best place to get help from is Interpol especially since they are much harder to corrupt because they are ruled internationally. forget about your local police station. they suck. i think that should be clear by now. they aren't much help, and you cannot allow yourself to slip. with this method, you secure your family's well-being. and with the method, before we have figured out on how to keep the one money, do what i have said before, and get the [ __ ] out of this country. of course, Elliot doesn't do any of this, because Elliot likes flashy pop-up ads and doesn't think much further than the digits in his bank account. but for now, let's have a look if any of the five next challenges are more problematic. number six, um is having a cup of coffee with a dead body. what? yep, i know. he has time until 4 p.m to be at the local cafe two blocks away, including that stranger that he has found dead in his apartment. i think it is safe to say that at this point, most people would stop playing and just let it be. the reasons for that are more than obvious, and i don't think there are many people that are [ __ ] up enough that would actually continue playing this game. firstly, that grown-up male body is probably around 200 pounds. you'll have a hard time just getting it out of the tub that's problem number one. problem number two is, it's a dead body. if you are doing this for 50 grand only, then i have a better idea for you. visit the countryside, look out for an ATM at least 45 minutes away from the next police station, and blow that up. you're welcome. and, oh, by the way, this is purely hypothetical. thank you. but what does Elliot decide to do? "i\'ll have a cheeseburger" - "the Bernard\'s burger?" - "yeah, it sounds great." - Doesn\'t look very pleasant, does it? and the police entering doesn't make it much more comfortable either. two things here. first, why in god's name would you lift up the dead body from the wheelchair and carry it into the cafe? i mean, a wheelchair is a chair on wheels. you get the point, right? how about rolling in? Elliot barely succeeds this challenge. and after having to sneak his way through confronting the police officers that, surprise, surprise, didn't figure out anything, he is able to convince him and just leave as if nothing happened. oh and, by the way, because of that bold move of tricking the police officer. he has also surpassed challenge 7. Elliot leaves a cafe while not bothering to take his new buddy with him. surely having a bunch of police officers in the back doesn't make it easier, but that's exactly why you should have used that miraculous invention called the wheelchair. anyway, the phone rings again, but this time the voice on the other side shares different information. he tells Elliot that the crimes he has so far committed will put him in jail for 10 years. oh boy. didn't see that comment Einstein. but the voice continues, he need not worry, because if he is able to win all 13 challenges, the game masters will make all those charges go away. it should be obvious that what they're doing is playing mind games here. they push you into committing shady stuff and then present themselves as your savior. if you fall for that, then you deserve it. in my opinion, something like that was bound to happen. it really didn't surprise me at that point during the movie. but if you did what i have shared so far in this video, then you would have been sufficiently prepared for such a case at this point it's pretty much over. if you have touched the dead body from before and did what they asked you to do, you crossed the line that you would have better left out. however, if you at least gather some information about the calls, especially recorded the phone calls themselves, this is the best timing to come clean and turn yourself in while that is the best thing you could possibly do right now, Elliot decides to accept challenge eight and cuts off the arm of his former school bully. yeah, that escalated quickly, huh? so apparently this guy used to bully Elliot back in primary school. how original. anyway, there was one curious thing that happens here. that guy voluntarily offers his arm to be cut off. Elliot realizes that he is paid to do that, meaning he is another participant in that game. now, Elliot proceeds and cuts off the arm. in my opinion, that was the dumbest move so far. because if you have another participant in front of you that is playing the same game, but his challenge forces him to cut off his limb, then what do you think is coming up next for you? exactly. most likely the same type of stuff. um, question at this point for you for how much money, would you cut off your right arm or left arm, whichever is um your main side? for me, i wouldn't. i wouldn't do it. i personally not not for 100 million dollars, i wouldn't do it. would i? for 100 million dollars? i'm not sure. now, the next two challenges aren't as bad, surprisingly. next up is humiliation. and so Elliot has to break the inventory of the engagement dinner party of him and his wife. now that sucks, of course, and people will look at you as if you're a crazy person. but once you got all challenges solved, you can let them know that that stunt you have made was for half a million dollars, and so everybody would understand. so since this challenge wasn't really out of proportion, if we think in terms of the money we receive, there is nothing to complain here. the next challenge, though, forces him to surrender himself to the police. which is a bit odd. but again, there were countless options to back out and or establish a system in which you are guaranteed to walk away with more than when you entered the game. let's recap for a second. so far Elliot has committed countless crimes that would put him in jail for a long time. however, we also must consider that most of the challenges weren't too extreme. i mean, amputating the arm of someone that wants to amputate it is not an everyday thing. but i don't see a moral issue here. the worst thing that has been done was drinking a cup of coffee with a dead body in a public place. and if he didn't throw away that wheelchair, he could have made it look like nothing happened. the point that i'm trying to make is that even though none of the challenges so far were out of this world, the game has not yet ended, and therefore it really doesn't matter. fact is, Elliot has not prepared anything. he has no plan if things won't work out. and that means either he will die or he will end up in jail for decades. now, the options to avoid that i have already established. but the next challenge makes it all a bit trickier. so in reality, this game is harder to beat with every new challenge you commit to. that's why i was so diligent trying to make clear that if you start playing this game without contemplating it first you have already lost. on the escape from the police, he meets an older hispanic lady whom he brings to her home. in the end, it turns out that she too is involved in the game, but it seems like she doesn't participate, but is more like an npc. he ends up helping her with her laundry hanging spot, and figures out a couple minutes later that this action would cause around 10 motorcyclists to lose their heads. see, so far, you haven't killed anyone. so far you still had the chance to drop the ball and walk away, talk to the judge, show him the calls and hope you won't be getting a too terrible punishment. but if you kill someone, then that's it. nothing can be done at this point. remember when the caller mentioned that all charges will be deleted once he wins all challenges? well that's it. once you kill someone, you must end it, no matter what is coming next. so really, the only way to beat this game is at the start. if you don't then play ignorantly along, like Elliot did, then the only way to beat the game at this point is to give up your money and walk away. Elliot arrives back home and finds out that his impaired brother is playing the game too. the last challenge, the 13th one, is killing a family member. and we are told that that is always the case no matter who is playing. so in the end, Elliot survives, but kills his brother. his stat reveals that he has killed their mom to beat challenge 13 back in the day. and Elliot decides, after successfully overcoming challenge 13, that he doesn't want the money. okay, that's that took a long time to figure out, my friend. Thanks for watching. 