welcome back to recapped. today, i am going to show you a action slash horror film from 2008 titled dead girl. spoilers ahead, watch out and take care. the film begins in a school playground where two teenagers, ricky and jt, are talking. jt gets ricky to skip school, and the two decide to go to an abandoned mental asylum. they horse around for a while before exploring the basement. in the basement, jt disappears and scares ricky before they hear a banging sound. jt says it isn't him, and a large dog appears and chases them. they escape and enter another room that they must pry a rusted shut door open to enter. there they see a nude girl, jenny spain, chained to a table with a plastic bag over her head. their first impression is that there is a killer in the room or near them. but then they see her move. jt thinks that they should keep her for themselves, but ricky is horrified and wants to call the police. jt tells him not to and punches him in the face. ricky then gets upset and leaves. ricky comes back later with a gun and jt tells him that after he left, the girl has started struggling, and that she had been gnashing her teeth and repeatedly trying to bite him. he tells him that he started hitting the girl to stop her, though she posed no threat because she was chained, and that he had strangled her to death twice. he then swipes the gun from ricky and shoots her three times, but she doesn't die. jt concludes that she is dead and wants to keep her as a sex slave. ricky, who had initially wanted to free her, is unsure how to proceed, though he wants to do the right thing. he goes to school the next day and stares at joanne, the girl he has a crush on. later he talks to his friend wheeler about liking joanne. he returns to the basement to free the girl, and hears a banging sound where he finds wheeler raping her. he argues with jt about this, and jt tells him that wheeler is their friend and they can trust him. he decides to leave and go back another day. when jt isn't there, he manages to cut one of her handcuffs off. jt and the jock return and decide to climb on top of her and take advantage of her. she then scratches his face deeply. the next day at school, ricky talks to joanne during a gym lesson. in the car park, he and wheeler are attacked by johnny, joann's boyfriend, and his friend, dwyer. after being beaten up, wheeler tells them that he and ricky don't need joanne because they have their own sex slave. now, johnny and dwyer go to the basement or jt asks them if they want to go on the girl. the jocks believe that she is alive and are willing to accept the implausible story that she is into being a sex slave, having already been beaten viciously by the jocks and kidnapped by them. ricky suggests that johnny have the girl blow him, knowing that the girl will bite his penis as he is forcing her to give him oral. the girl then bites his genitals. he then punches her in the face so that she would let go. jt tells them that they can't go to the police about it because they will be arrested for rape. the next day at school, johnny goes to the toilet and his intestines begin to fall out. later, jt is putting makeup on the girl's face when the dog from earlier enters the room and jumps on her, causing her to bite it and kill it. dwyer returns to the asylum basement to take the dead girl to the hospital so that they can diagnose her and cure his friend. instead, he encounters jt, who kills him. later, jt concludes that if johnny was infected by the bite, that they can make a new dead girl, as the original one is becoming increasingly damaged from their abuse. and they go in search of a woman. they find a woman on the car park of a petrol station, and jt hits her with a crowbar, but she manages to beat them both up and escapes. shortly after this, joanne sees them and argues with them about what happened to johnny, so they kidnap her instead. they take her to the basement and tie her up, but ricky arrives and argues with the others. cutting wheeler's hand off with a sword, he frees joanne, but the dead girl escapes and kills wheeler ricky and joanne are trapped in the building because the exit door won't open. and ricky decides to go back. the dead girl knocks him over rather than attacking him, and pries the exit door open and escapes to freedom. ricky wakes up to find joanne mortally wounded and stumbling towards him, saying that jt had stabbed her with a sword. jt tells ricky to let him bite her before she dies and it's too late. the film then shows ricky in class with a bright outlook on life and cycling around, before showing joanne tied to the table in the basement. apparently the new dead girl. ricky has nice clothes that he clearly dresses her in, but she is clearly non-verbal and an undead sex slave. and the situation is no different than when jt was putting makeup on the original dead girl. make sure to subscribe and turn on post notifications for more videos like this. thanks for watching. 