[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a romantic fantasy film, upside down. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. somewhere in a far mysterious galaxy, two sister planets orbit each other in close proximity with the unique dual gravity, which can only pull the objects of the planet that they come from. humans colonize these two planets and thus form two worlds, which are supposed to be the same. however, together with the human colonists, an intensive hierarchy system is brought to the two planets, where the upper world is rich and prosperous with modern buildings, while the lower one is poor and pretty shabby. people living in the town are not allowed to have any contact with the upper world, unless they work for the trans world company, the only official physical connection linking the two worlds. the transworld company is run by the upper world and makes its profits by turning the cheap oil obtained from the down into electricity and selling it back to people in the down at a high price. someday, an explosion happens to the oil refinery plant in the down world, resulting in a massive catastrophe and the death of adam's parents. because of that, adam is sent to an orphanage at a very young age. but almost every week he visits his great aunt, the only thing relative to him in this world, and enjoys his favorite flying pancakes from his ant, which is made of pink pollen gathered by bees from both worlds. near the saint mountain that reaches very close to the upper world. when adam is a little boy, he used to play there and meets the girl eden sunday, who is from the upper world. these young two are attracted by each other and develop a relationship. soon, due to the gravity, each time they want a date, adam drags eden secretly down to his side with a rope. they kiss passionately on the mountain top and enjoy a wonderful stroll in the woods where their body weight is offset by their respective gravity. someday, however, while adam is sending eden back to the upper world, the approaching police in the down discover the suspicious tube and shoot adam, who's injured in his arm and drops a rope suddenly too to the great pain, causing eden to fall into the upper world, lying motionless in the heavy snow. later his aunt is arrested with her home burned down as punishment for her improper custody. adam is overwhelmed and falls into great sorrow for the loss of his lover and the family member. 10 years later, based on his constant research on the magic pollen, adam finds a way to overcome gravity and is developing an anti-gravity product that is supposed to be used to remove people's wrinkles on their face. but the product seems unable to last long. frustrated by the failure, though, adam notices a girl showing up at a tv commercial is actually eden, who has become an employee of the trans world company. feeling excited by that, adam rekindles his hope of life, and later applies for a job in trans world company, attempting to meet eaton there. thanks to his findings in anti-gravity research, he gets the job. successfully. on his first day to work, adam makes his first friend with the colleague, bob, who's from the upper world and very kind to offer help to adam. later, the company manager appraises adam for his talents in the anti-gravity substance and as an exception, and for the research purpose only allows him to get access to the inverse matter, which can overcome the gravity, but the manager also warns him that the inverse matter is strictly forbidden to take elsewhere, otherwise he would face severe punishment. meanwhile, his friend becomes upset about his taking use of the research findings to get a job in trans world company. adam, however, explains that this is the only chance for him to meet even in that company, and he'll never forget what the company has done to him and his family in the past. knowing that his friend forgives adam and decides to help adam in the following research. sometime later, during his research, he hides some packs of the inverse matter in the storeroom, attempting to use it someday to get into the upper world where he can meet the next day, after leaving a message to eden in the name of bob, adam takes the inverse matter with him and enters the upper world secretly, where he gets so excited to meet eden, who, however, due to the memory loss caused by the accident ten years ago, is unable to recognize adam. but instead, she believes that he's just one of those hormone hookers who just aim for the fast hormone game with random girls. adam tries to recall her of his real identity, but to no success. without better choice, adam shows his new findings, trying to find a common topic with her, which turns out to be a success, as eden turns to raise her interest in him. but right then, adam finds that his vest burns due to its long contact with the inverse matter. adam has to rush us to the bathroom for some excuse, trying to cool down the substance with water. but he's later astonished to find that he pees upwards due to the gravity from his own planet, which unfortunately activates the alarm system, causing him to race back to the down world. adam ends up getting badly burned on his body. his friend warns him of the danger while taking care of his injuries. the next day, right before the closing time for the day, the company declares a redundancy plan, and the friend, bob, is one of them who get fired. before his leaving, bob gives adam his id card and some personal stuff, which would allow adam to enter the upper world and continue his dating with eden. later after work. adam makes a phone call to eden in bob's name and has a nice conversation with her. they then plan to have dinner together later that evening. while taking the inverse substance inside, adam leads the company with bob's id card and enters the upper world for the first time, where he sees the magnificent lives of those rich people that are entirely different from the down world. he soon reaches the restaurant and meets eden. they enjoy a happy talk together and share many common topics. however, due to the extended contact with the inverse substance, again, his trousers and shoes begin to burn, causing him to part with eden earlier than expected. adam rushes out and later plunges into a nearby river, trying to cool himself down with the cold water. after throwing the inverse substance packs in the water, he is suddenly dragged back to the down world by gravity. not long after that, adam makes a significant breakthrough in his research and shows his newly developed anti-wrinkle cream on old lady, which turns to be effective and cheers to company management. but right at that moment, eden shows up in the demonstration room and finds the guy she dated with is not bob, but an unknown man to her from the down world. eden feels like she's been cheated by this stranger and leaves in anger. adam goes after her in a hurry, but later only finds that bob's id card has been deactivated. he manages to get through the gate, which is, however, noticed by the security guard. adam has to run away to avoid the capture, causing him to lose eden during the hunt and run. after getting rid of the chasing police, he escapes to bob's and asks for his help. knowing his situation, bob helps adam develop a vest containing the new anti-gravity substance, which would never catch fire again. adam also shows bob his discovery of mixed liquids from both worlds that can be used to resist both gravity fields. meanwhile, because the anti-crease compound remains unknown to the company, it fails to manufacture the product without adam, so the manager orders his men to take adam back as soon as possible. later, in a restaurant, adam meets eden and is surprised to know that eden has recovered her lost memories. they could not help but kiss passionately in public, which is, however, interrupted timely by the coming security. frustrated by that, adam has to run away immediately. he finally manages to make his way to the saint mountain top, where he meets the horny eden again, and subsequently plays a hormone left float game, which ends too fast to be disrupted by the chasing security. in order to get rid of the security, adam drops the inverse substance, causing him to be dragged back violently to the down world. but luckily, he lands safely on the pine trees. later, while wandering alone along the street, he is taken by the trans world company and forced to tell them the compound secret of the anti-wrinkle crease. he's left in the down world in despair, for he can't meet eden anymore without any inverse substance. however, as bob continues the research on adam's new finding, he makes a breakthrough finally, and then pays a secret visit to adam in the down world. he shows adam the new effective way to overcome gravity by mixing waters from both worlds with the pink pollen. eden feels very excited by that, for he's able to meet eden soon. to his surprise, eden finds him later in the down world and tells him she's pregnant with his baby, resulting in her ability to stay free in both two worlds. many years later, the two worlds have become prosperous as people in these separate worlds are no longer forbidden to contact each other, but instead, they're encouraged to share their prosperity within the two planet system. [Music]. this is daniel cc movie, channel, peace out. 