[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the story of aquaman, 2018 film. it was year 1985. there is a man at the shore of the sea. he was working in lighthouse. according to his daily routine, he saves a girl who came from sea, who is the princess of atlantis. basically, atlantis is a huge city underwater, from which this girl has come. they spend a lot of time together and gradually start liking each other. after some time, they get married. a baby boy is born to them. after some time, his name is arthur. he has a power of speaking to all sea creatures, which means he can talk to all sea creatures. now we see that atlantean soldiers come to their house. their purpose is to take their princess back to atlantis, because they attack her. so forcibly, she has to leave his family and son, because if she hadn't acted the same, the soldiers might have killed them. to save their life. she goes back with soldiers. princess trusts one of his special adviser, so she asks him to train arthur is a skilled warrior, so that he can learn fighting skills like us. arthur has grown up. now he is invited to come back to atlanta's advisor says, smiley face, you're a first son and you can become king there. but arthur refuses to do so because his mother was killed just because she loved a human and married him. and i am a half-breed son born from them. this reason is useless for me. i'll never come back to atlantis. and we see here that some pirates are looting a russian submarine, and arthur saves them here. during fight, the leader of pirates is killed by arthur, son of that leader, david is also present there. when david sees that arthur, that is aquaman, killed his father, he plans to seek revenge from him. now we see another main character, whose name is warm he is going to be the king of atlantis. he is also a step-brother of arthur, who lives under water, which means he lives in atlanta's before heading forward, let me differ that form lives underwater and arthur lives on ground. horn meets different canes who live in different cities near atlantas. underwater. orm says to a king that we should attack upper surface land because they are polluting our sea. and spreading pollution. but that king is not in favor to attack habitants of land. but he thinks that if more four kings support warm, he'll be entitled as ocean master, which means that he'll become commander, and his decisions will be accepted. while they're talking, a russian submarine comes and attacks them. here, orm saves that king end. by seeing this, that king intends to support warm. that king has a daughter named mara, whose marriage is to be fixed with warm. but she doesn't want to marry him. she has only a single way to escape, who is arthur. she thinks that if arthur comes here, orm won't become king. she goes to upper surface land, where she meets arthur. she seeks help from him and asks him to come back in water, because your elder son, so you can become a king. but arthur refuses. after some time, mara wins his trust because orm sends a huge wave of sea. and here mara saves arthurs as father. by seeing this, he starts trusting mara and comes underwater with her. here arthur meets his teacher, who has taught him fighting skills. he was that soldier whom his mother trusted the most. they tell him that you've defined trident. it has a lot of power and magic in it. and if someone finds it, he'll become king without asking him. because without this trident, orm will never let you become a king. he is very powerful. even if you claim it after defeating him, he'll never let you win. while they're talking, soldiers of warm soldiers come here and attack them, and arthur gets captured. arthur is presented to warm captured in chains horns, blames him that you're the reason of my mother's death, and you're the reason that queen was hanged to death. orm is his brother, and says to arthur that, i am giving you a chance leave this area for good and never come back in water. but arthur angrily challenges him to fight. they both get into a fight here. orm has higher chance of winning because he is an aquatic habitant. to defeat warm in water is a hard pill to swallow for arthur. fight is continued, and arthur is about to die when mara comes there and saves arthur. to find the trident, which they're searching for, they go to sahara desert. sahara desert was the place where trident was made. they find a holographic message there, who indicates that they are supposed to go to italy, and there they'll find coordinates who'll tell the location of trident. trident is basically like a spear who has a lot of magical powers. on the other side, we see that orm meets david. david is the guy who was son of that dyed pirate. he wants to take revenge from aquaman. it's also revealed here that russian submarine which attacked the king of water was a result of their mutual conspiracy. it was orm's plan that david will attack the king and he'll save him, and that king will support him out of sympathy. warm gives david latest atlantean battle suit, which is based on modern technology, which can only be used by aquatic inhabitants. david tests this technology and becomes happy that now he can take revenge by killing arthur. their warm kills another king of kingdom of fisherman and compels them to support warm because king of kingdom of fisherman has died. so he forces the queen and princess to fight in first lane of battle. he asks them to collect army. we see david here, who transforms modern technology suit given by orm into superhero suit for him. he names it is black manta. he becomes very powerful after wearing this suit. we see that arthur and mara were in italy to find those coordinates. when david attacks there, david, black manta, and arthur get into serious fight. there, at last arthur throws david down the mountains. during fight, arthur has gotten injured. mara treats his wounds and gives him courage. she says that you to become kind, and you can't be so delicate. you have to show courage like a king. they set out in search of trident. during journey, they face many monsters, and defeating them, they reach to the middle of the earth. this is the center of the earth. they both see theate mother for the first time there, who is queen edlana, who has sacrificed herself by coming in this trench. coming to this trench is equal to death. but queen idlana has survived there without any harm to her. and she was surviving here for a long time. now, arthur and mara were also there, and they hug each other. this is an emotional scene. now, they are so near to trident, but arthur can only go alone. mara or her mother can't tag along with him. arthur steps forward to find trident, and he finds this ancient trident. but before this, leviathan attacks him. basically he is caretaker of this trident. leviathan looks like a mixture of dragon and snake and is huge. he says that whoever came here wasn't worthy, and i killed all of them. as we got to know in start, arthur could talk to see creatures. so he talks to him. that snake, dragon-like creature asks him that, can you hear me? no one was able to hear me before this. arthur tells him his worth and claims to be the deserver of this trident. i'm worthy, so i should rule seven seas. at last, leviathan agrees, and arthur gets that trident. after achieving tridents, arthur's power increases and his costume changes. all kingdoms of the sea are supporting warm that's why orm entitles himself as ocean master, which means that his decisions will be carried out there. supporters of warm get to know that arthur has gotten the trident. according to rule. holder of trident will be the real king and the ocean master. no question shall be asked from him. everyone gets confirmation that trident is with arthur, but warm gets angry and says that achieving trident doesn't matter who's braver and more skilled. he'll be the ocean master and will rule all kingdoms here. once again, orm and arthur fights on a submarine. arthur defeats warm in this fight, but doesn't kill him and let him alive here. queen it lana comes in front of him. when he sees that arthur saved his mother, he accepts his fate and present himself for arrestment. by accepting his defeat, soldiers of atlanta's captures him and take him away. movie come to an end here. if you liked aquaman movies explanation, then please like and subscribe and tell your feedback in comment section. thank you for watching. 