in level, but you never cook again. back, please. always push it over to the brain. never respect your respect. back. reach. reach that is you'll be fine. [Music]. controversially, I award the Dark Knight strikes again, part 1 as 7 out of 10. I really enjoyed the groundwork that the book could put in, and its introduction of Batman is one of the best within comics. yeah, the book as a whole still has a bad reputation. I'm happy to say that I now know why. opening on news in the nude book too quickly destroys all the goodwill of the prior entry established. it's like going on the first day with an alcoholic. you're getting on fine. a couple of drinks, couple of shots, and it's going well. then she decides to get the sound Booker's out. within 20 minutes, she's pissed herself, vomited on your shoulder, stub the tab out on your willy wonka. don't really know what happened to Frank Miller between these two boots, but I'm guessing it was heavy doses of heroin for legal purposes. I have to say, allegedly, throughout the story, the news clips completely derail the poor acting more as random sound bites the narrative devices. and it makes the book harder to read than Michael J Fox is handwriting. within the first six pages of the book, we are given three double-page spreads. and whilst in comics like Justice League and forever evil, these are used to great effect to show a wealth of wonder and grandeur, here it's to fill up time. one of them is just a Batmobile in the sky against the CGI background. and the others look like what you hand in for your final art exam when you've not really put in any time to it because you've been studying for your actual exams. this book especially is filled with them. every time something dramatic happens, you can bet it's going to take up seven huge splash pages. Clarke and Wonder Woman making love. v splash pages, Batman taking down Lex Luthor, boss splash pages. well, it doesn't seem like even the writer is invested in telling an intricate story. I don't see why the reader should waste their time. gone is the airtight, compressed storytelling from The Dark Knight Returns. and it's replaces what looked like a bunch of sketches and hot finished ideas. this reads like a slideshow, just just everything whizzing past. tell him stop and burst out hammer time instead of Miller time. on this book, that doesn't work as a joke. after the dark night completely dismantles his operation, Lex Luthor wants revenge, unleashing the Brainiac ship upon metropolis. Superman is the only one who can stop it. after threatening to destroy Condor if he should flee, the Man of Steel steps down, allowing himself to lose. whilst this would be a signifying moment of the last son of Krypton's nobility, it's so slowly told that becomes hard to digest. I try to really sink my teeth into the meat of the story, but the sourness of it left a bad taste in my mouth. food comes in on the plot, Luthor was actually attacking the city in using Superman as a pawn in order to draw Batman out. of course, the world's greatest detective is preempted this and doesn't take the bait. instead, we are introduced to Lara, the daughter of Superman and Wonder Woman. she mercilessly destroys the Brainiac ship, and it's a nice introduction, even if she isn't that likable of a character. unfortunately, one of the biggest problems of this issue is that it doesn't have much focus on Batman. once the initial issue used to absence of the Caped Crusader a build-up to his eventual return, this one seems to be missing him because there isn't much you can do. close to 60 is almost useless in fighting these bigger threats. enjoy this. the tone of the book and the narrative devices actually shift more towards Superman than they do The Dark Knight. so thin that would be absolutely fine if the book didn't feel like it was written by a three year old. how the mighty have fallen. I don't know whether it's the piss-poor or the poorly paced story or the 697 splash pages, but this is a really bad comic issue, losing all of the weight and social commentary that made the Dark Knight Returns so good. this almost feels pornographic in its poor taste and use of women as objects. at least porn has a good story, so I'm told. in case my girlfriend's watching this, this feels completely alien to all of the good work that Miller's had done in the past. it's completely directionless. it's a jumble of ideas that this pile on top of each other to the point that the execution of a good storyline becomes almost impossible. bad from start to finish, I have no other choice but to award this issue 310. yeah. so what did you think of the issue? especially in comparison to the first one, which was actually quite good? well, let me know. make sure you subscribe, because next week I'm doing the final issue of the dark light strikes again. and then we've been building up to it. it's my review of The Dark Knight 3. so make sure you stay tuned. thanks very much for checking out this video. take care. peace. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. 