oh my god. [Music]. welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will explain awake. this movie tells a story of a young man who experiences intraoperative awareness while undergoing surgery. can he survive this situation? let's find out. unawake. awake begins by showing a doctor named jack harper, who looks guilty for failing to perform a heart transplant operation on a friend. this story is pulled to a few days before the operation was performed. there is a man named clay with his girlfriend named sam. unfortunately, clay has a heart problem. clayton and sam's relationship is not approved by clay's mother, whose name is lilith. the reason lilith didn't like sam was that she is a mate in their house. one morning, sam drove clay to his mother's house. she also asked clay to tell his mother about their relationship. sam just wanted some certainty. but it turns out that clay still hesitates to tell his mother about their love. he knew that his mother would never approve of their relationship. one afternoon, clay met his best friend, who is a surgeon. his name is jack. they both look close when fishing together. during a visit to the hospital, jack tells clay that there are many malpractice issues in the city. that's because there were several failures in the operation that made the doctor's image bad. jack asked clay to sleep on an operating table, and he began to explain the procedure that clay will undergo during the operation. jack also warns clay that there is a possibility that this operation will not succeed, so clay must be prepared if he might not survive the process. jack also asked clay to tell his mother about his relationship with sam. he should have married sam before the operation took place. when leaving the hospital, claire runs into sam, but he pretended not to see sam because his mother was waiting for him in the car. in the car, it turned out that lilith was with another doctor named dr nair. it turned out that lilith and dr nair had been friends for a long time. dr nair is one of the most famous surgeons. lilith tries to persuade clay to be operated on by dr nair, but it seems klate. russ jack better. sam tired of the lack of clarity in their relationship. finally decided to leave. in the pouring rain, clay tries to chase and persuade sam. finally, clay decides to tell his mother about their relationship. sure enough, lilith was furious to hear about clay and sam's relationship. but clay chose sam over his mom and left. when he was outside the house, suddenly, clay's heart had problems. sam immediately took out a bottle of medicine from her bag. that's when clay finally asked sam to marry him that very night. the two then marry in the church in the presence of jack. finally, the day clay's heart transplant surgery has arrived, clay and sam arrived at the hospital. jack was with his colleague named dr putnam and a nurse named penny. lilith came to the hospital and tried to persuade clay to be operated on by dr nair. but clay insists that he chooses jack to operate on him. clay is finally taken to the operating room by jack. in the operating room, suddenly another doctor named dr larry appears. dr larry admitted that he had come to replace one of their colleagues who were unable to come. the operation started. the doctors began injecting an anesthetic drug into clay's body and put him to sleep. but in the middle of his immovable body, strangely, clay can still feel his body. he could even still hear clearly when the doctors were talking around him, as if only his body could not be moved. but in fact, he was still conscious. clay tried hard to tell the doctors about his condition, but he couldn't speak or move his body because of the anesthetic injected into his body. finally, jack started to dissect clay's chest, and clay could feel excruciating pain. there outside the operating room, lilith and sam waited tensely. suddenly, a male nurse came and approached sam. the nurse said that he thought he knew sam. but sam chased the nurse away while showing her wedding ring. the nurse left in the operating room. dr larry decided to take a rest and get some drinks outside. unexpectedly, it turns out that jack and his other colleagues are working together to commit malpractice to clay. unexpectedly, they were about to kill clay. clay, wrapped in his paralyzed body, didn't expect to hear all that. he panicked and tried to get up, until finally he managed to release all the medical equipment and got up. but it turned out that what woke up was only clay's mind, while his body was still lying on the operating bed. clay then tries to solve all these puzzles. why did jack and his comrades want to kill him? clay began to explore his past. meanwhile, sam and lilith start to panic because they haven't heard about clay's condition. sam decided to ask one of the doctors there. dr larry says, clay will be fine. but strangely, sam said that dr larry was not a doctor at the hospital, and how could he possibly be the doctor in charge of clay's surgery? sam decided to go into clay's operating room. clay, trying to trace his past, heard sam's voice from behind his operating room. clay was trying hard to code sam if the doctors were trying to kill him. unexpectedly, sam turns out to be part of jack's team. it turns out that sam and jack are working together to kill clay so she can take control of all his wealth. that's why she tried so hard to mold clay to marry her. soon, when clay dies, sam will control the entire clay family fortune. actually, sam used to work at the hospital as a nurse. that's why the male nurse seemed to know sam. claire really didn't think he would make such a big mistake. he should have listened to his mother. then clay began to feel excruciating pain in his heart. it turned out that the doctors started removing clay's heart to be replaced with a new heart. unexpectedly, sam was in the operating room and injected poison into the new heart. so clay will definitely die no matter what. when the new heart was inserted into his body, clay ended up experiencing heart failure. jack and the others started acting like they were about to lose clay. dr larry, who saw it, did not expect that their operation would fail. dr larry was trying hard to help clay. in his world, clay is sure that he will die. jack then decides to go to lilith and sam to tell them if clay's surgery failed. jack started acting and showed an expression full of regret for failing to operate on clay's heart. lilith wept and couldn't believe she was going to lose her only son. moreover, from the beginning, she did not believe in jack. that's when dr larry came and told lilith that clay was actually still alive. it's just that his heart is damaged and they need a new heart. currently, he is supported by machines to survive. but even though they have a lot of money, they can't find a suitable heart because clay's blood types are very rare in his world. clay suddenly found his mother. it turns out that lilith decided to follow clay. lilith turned out to be taking clay's heart medicine with such a large dose that she experienced heart failure and fainted. that's when dr nayer arrived and tried to save lilith and clay's life. lilith was then taken to the operating room for surgery. it turns out that lilith sacrificed herself to save clay. she gave her heart to clay because they couldn't find another heart that could save clay unexpectedly. before taking clay's heart medicine from sam's bag, lilith found some letters showing sam as a former nurse in that hospital. she then told dr neher about jack's evil plans to kill clay. she knows sam is part of jack's crime. jack, who realized that his crime had been caught, decided to run away. when doctors putnam and penny were about to run away, the two met dr larry. it turned out that dr larry was already with a policeman who immediately arrested the two. dr neher then worked hard to transfer lilith's heart into clay's body. he is sure he can save clay's life. on the other hand, sam and jack start to panic because their crimes have been caught. however, sam tries to escape because she is sure that only jack will be caught. but jack reminded her that the person who injected the poison into clay's heart was sam, and she definitely left her fingerprints on the injection. now sam knows she can't escape from the police. finally, dr neher managed to move lilith's heart into clay's body. but in the middle of the operation, suddenly, clay experienced heart failure again. it turned out that clay had lost hope in his world and decided it would be better if he died. moreover, he did not want to live without his mother. he believed that he could not be like his father, a great man he was very proud of. that's when lilith was forced to reveal the true identity of clay's father. lilith then took clay to his childhood memories. it turns out that clay's father used to be a very rude person and always beat lilith and clay. until one christmas eve, his father was about to beat clay. and lilith couldn't let that happen. lilith hit her husband's head with an iron and killed him. to make clay not traumatized by the incident, lilith lied that his father was a good man. clay finally realized with all his mother's sacrifices and decided to wake up from his coma. in the operating room, the doctors saw a miracle because clay's heart started beating. meanwhile, sam tried to escape, but was caught by the police. clay finally wakes up from his coma, and the film ends. [Music]. it 