back again with us. wow id. on this occasion, i will recap a horror film, storyline and full of mystery. in short, this film tells the story of a man who ventured into a cave. and it turns out that the cave is inhabited by strange and terrible creatures. not just terrible, even this vicious creature can affect the human brain to go crazy. his father had not had time to tell the truth there. he died. first the child, let's say his name is jassy. he was curious about what happened to his father. then he found his father's diary, because in the book a lot of terrible pictures. finally, he was curious and invited three friends to look for the cave, about what the creature looks like in the cave. let's just look at the storyline. ends with a woman named jassy. he is the son of a man who died mysteriously in a cave. he felt hurt that his father was said to be insane before he died. jc, did an online chat. she met her male friend named sam. then jassy told her that her father died an unnatural death. jassy is still on top of her father's death when he was doing an event to a priest via online. many say his father always told strange things. the father who was always considered crazy and liked to make things up by everyone. before he died, though, jessie was convinced that she knew something that no one else knew, because she was a geologist. after the chat, jassy met a close friend named sam. sam was curious about everything that was written in the book. sam finally invites jassy to go to the cave and can prove the truth of jesse's father's diary. just hearing the invitation, jassy felt happy. he wants to know what happened to his father before his death. and until finally, they were planning to travel the next day. and the next day, jesse and sam had brought their equipment and went straight to meet the rest of their friends. previously, sam had invited marty and jones girlfriends to join him, because, according to him, the more people, the safer it will be in the cave. marty and johann can't wait to have an adventure in the mystery cave. they thought it would be fun and enjoyable, according to him. before leaving, they also ate together while telling stories about the condition of the cave that not many people know about. from jesse's father's diary, martin saw a picture of a strange figure that he said was in the dark of the cave. maybe the creature was an alien, or an unknown variant of ancient humans, or even a monster. if they could record the sightings, they would be famous and rich. according to jessie, if this is done, she can prove to people that her father's story is true and that his father is not considered crazy. martin joked excessively with jassy. he seemed very disappointed because of the conversation earlier. he apologized to jesse, he realized, and just found out from sam, how he felt, because everyone always made fun of his father. after traveling, they finally arrived at the parking lot, and they traveled on foot to where the mysterious goa was. on the way, there were disagreements, and they decided to ask permission to the guard post. whenever something happens, they can be monitored by the post guard. arriving at the place, they met the guards. they asked permission to go into the cave, which was their destination. but the guards refused. he suggested to another place than to the cave, but they insisted on going into the cave. they rushed off and lied to the guards. after walking quite a distance into the forest, they set up the tent first because it was almost dark. [Laughter] night came. they made a fire, while talking about jesse's dad. jesse kept thinking of him and was missing her father very much. the others tried to comfort jessie. while opening her father's diary, jessie kept thinking about her father and told him, when his father was being treated at the hospital, he regretted not being with him when his father experienced the incident and what really happened to his father when he was in the cave. without realizing it was getting late at night, while they were sleeping, martin was awakened by a strange sound from the bushes. martin tried to check it out. without martin knowing, a mysterious figure had just passed. martin entered the tent. they continued their journey to the k they kept trying to find their way to that place. but with instructions from jesse's father's notebook, they had arrived at the place. according to the manual's instructions, they were surprised, because he had not seen the cave. suddenly, martin heard a voice as if he could be whispered. then they told him to follow him. and not far from where the mysterious cave was finally seen. without lingering, they immediately prepared to enter the hidden cave. sam immediately tied the rope from outside the mouth of the cave. they immediately entered, following the cave passage. while in the cave, they certainly did not find a signal from the cell phone. but it turns out that there are a lot of signals they travel in caves, which are, of course, dark and have many passages. he recorded. on their way, the further they went into the cave, they began to confuse reading the instructions from the father's notes. they are still joking in the cave. if in the cave it should be pitch black, they said. they immediately turned off all the flashlights. they want to feel the atmosphere of a cave in the dark, even if this is stupid. in the darkness without lights, they want to feel the silence. suddenly, there was a sound where joanna was standing. they immediately turned on the lights again. joanna looked confused, and they hurried on their way. in the middle of their journey, they stopped right at the intersection. they were confused in determining the direction of the destination. suddenly, marty said that in that direction. everyone was shocked seeing marty's behavior. marty said that he had read all of jassy's father's notebooks. marty then felt something strange again. suddenly, he leads somewhere. they tried to follow marty, who seemed to be looking for something. and it turned out to mean heading to the cave walls filled with strange symbols. it was apparently written in jc's father's diary, but they don't know what it is. marty came closer and tried to touch. after touching the symbols, marty panicked because he felt there was blood. and suddenly, three unknown people attacked him. in the midst of panic, marty's hallucinations immediately started running. marty unexpectedly fell into a deep cave crevice. in their panic, they thought that marty had seen something terrible. a frightened joanna intends to get out of the cave. in the midst of panic, sam tries to calm down jasmine sam says that in the past, your father must have been hallucinating, seeing monsters. joanna still decided to get out of the cave. she was very scared, forbid it, but very stupid. anyway, i want to get out. he went out looking for a way, until he was confused about which direction he was going. after joanna went out on her own. jassy and sam find another way to find marty. who knows, he's not dead yet, because at the time of the incident, he was attacked by creatures or strangers. was following the rope to get out of the cave, but somehow the rope seemed to have been cut. he panicked and confused, looking for directions out of the cave. then johann looked for a way out by using his filing only. then suddenly, when joanna heard the voice, she immediately recorded it. who knows? yes, she could document the creature. but unfortunately, when the terrible creature is seen, the memory of the cellphone runs out. sadistically, the monster killed joanna. and when the road marking line is up, if you hear a strange sound, saw humans with strange behavior. and jassy was shocked and ran as fast as possible in the cave. meanwhile, when the road marking rope is up, jassy and sam keep looking for a way in the cave. earned to marty. and it turns out he's not dead. he was with the members of his strange looking father, jesse, in a state of being alive. marty is approached by a woman who seems to want to kill him. marty was forced to slaughter the woman with a sharp stone. luckily, jassy and sam came and managed to save marty. then slowly, marty headed sem and jassy to get out of this place. vibe. sam and jassy see strange people around them, because the martyr kept on hallucinating. it even made these freaks attack a lot. he attacked marty and sam. in the midst of the chaos, sam tells jasmine to go get help. he will distract these freaks. sam finally died, attacked by these strange creatures. jassy kept running and trying to find a way out, while finding a dead end. jassy finally made it out of the cave in a very weak state. he tried to find help to the guard post by lighting a flare. finally, jassy survived. she woke up and she realized that she was in the room. he was embarrassed. it turned out that he had been rescued by the guard post. jesse is angry. why didn't the postal officer tell me that the cave was dangerous? a lot of users of strange creatures. previously, the guard had said not to go into the cave. in fact, they ignored it and went there too. the postal officer actually did not know for sure what was in the cave. finally, they wanted to go there to save the others. meanwhile, marty is still struggling alone in the cave. the two guards could not believe it, and were also able to find the k they were alone while jassy left. first, they were frustrated because the cave had not been found. in the middle of the road, one of the guards found a symbol, and it was a map of the path to the cave. finally, they turned around, and finally the two guards found a big hole. and it turns out that there is a cave there. suddenly, jassy came from behind and invited her to come in. and the two guards went in with jasmine, into the cave. and they rushed to save jassy's friends. after entering the cave, jossie finds joanna's cell phone, complete with cut off her fingers. everyone was shocked to learn about joanna's tragic fate. then they continued to look for another of jassy's friends. soon they found marty, who was behaving strangely. who knows what marty was drawing. fortunately, marty, who was once strange, is now aware that they took him out of the cave. jassy asked sam how he was. marty told me that sam was dead. jassy doesn't trust marty because he's always hallucinating. jesse was very sad and couldn't believe that sam had died too. then jassy rushed in to find sem. finally, the armed guard, frank, followed suit and followed jassy into the cave. while in the cave and the guards heard the creature's voice again. then the guard forced him to leave the cave immediately because this guard was worried that jassy would die if she went to get a photo of the creature. then suddenly, apparently, these affected people kept coming and attacking. marty and the guard were both still outside the cave. they heard a strange sound from inside. marty started hallucinating. marty heard a scream from inside. he seemed to get a whisper from the creature. then marty hallucinated, communicating by painting on the ground. the guard followed him. suddenly, marty saw the guard turned into sam. he was scared away from the guard. the guard then the guards forced jassy to leave the cave immediately, because this guard is worried that jassy will die if she insists on just getting a photo of the creature. jassy still wants to immortalize if the creature really exists and sam is dead. the officer was furious with jassy because she was stubborn. then suddenly, apparently, these affected people kept coming and attacking the guard post. while outside the cave, marty is still afraid and wants to kill the guard. after being attacked by those freaks, the guard usually escapes. will be on time. will help. even the ammo runs out. finally, the guard was stabbed in the back and eventually died. jesse is still being held captive, and the person who killed the guard saves her instead. jesse met the person, asking him for help. jesse points a knife, but the person commits suicide instead. then the strange person who had helped jesse died too for trying to kill jesse. indeed, the events in the cave are completely impossible, and many events are beyond human understanding. dee was shocked because he had killed a forest ranger. he panicked and was confused. the body of the guard was dragged into the cave. he finally returned to the cave looking for jassy. after jassy escapes, he tried to get out. but the way to get out, he was confused and had to be careful don't be overheard by other strange creatures. jassy, while perpetuating by recording via her cell phone. and jesse was even surprised to find marty how happy he is. as usual, they joked by covering their faces with both hands and opening them. but when they opened their faces with both hands, marty saw a terrible creature behind jassy. jasmine spontaneously stabbed him, and they used to escape. the monster is able to chase after jassy, but can escape because marty pulls it. suddenly, there was a rumbling sound from inside the cave. it turns out that from inside there is water that continues to fill in the cave. sam and jassy to be scattered because of that incident. and finally they meet again in the dark. then they both ran to find the mouth of the cave. arriving at the mouth of the cave, marty strangely did not want to come out. and jassy continued to force him to come out of the cave. and when he was about to leave, suddenly, marty was tricked from behind by this strange creature. jesse couldn't save marty. jesse ran out. marty disappeared in the middle of the darkness of the cave, just leave jassy alone out of the k and the story is over. the summary in this story can be concluded, creatures that have the ability to influence humans are not told where they came from. but the struggle of jassy and her friends is indeed very dangerous. jassy wants to unravel the mystery of her father's death, because all of his friends and others do not believe in mystical things. but that does not mean ignoring the prohibition in a certain place or area. until finally, they ignored the prohibition of the guards and only to look to document the sightings of the creature. and in the end, it ended tragically. and all his friends died in a tragic way. but his curiosity was answered when he saw the horror of the creature. maybe this is the review and discussion of the 2021 film. it came from below. thank you for watching. 