hello movie fans, and welcome back to another full movie recap with movie reveals. in today's video, we're going to break down the brilliant fantasy, sci-fi, action movie called the chronicles of riddick. warning, guys, spoiler alert. yes, i'm afraid i'm going to spill the beans about what the movie is about. but that's half the fun of my recaps. at least you can then decide whether you want to watch the whole movie or not. i am pretty sure that if you haven't seen this movie, you'll definitely want after this recap. in the opening scenes, we learn of an evil race of warriors known as the necromongers, led by the lord marshall, is sweeping across the galaxy, destroying entire planets on their way to their promised land called underverse. their only weakness is a race of people called furions, which they wiped out long ago. riddick is the last surviving furion in the universe. in the next opening scene, a long-haired riddick is running across the snowy surface of planet 6 in the uv system, as a merc named tombs and his crew pursue riddick in their ship the merc flies after riddick into a cave, where riddick proceeds to kill the crew of the ship, saving tombs for last. riddick finds out that the bounty for his head is 1.5 million dollars and was made by someone on the planet hellion prime. riddick throws tombs off of the ship and flies off to helium prime. on hellion prime, we find a bounty was made by the same man riddick saved from the planet in pitch black five years ago. by the way, don't worry, you don't need to have seen that movie to enjoy this one. imam has a beautiful wife now and a young daughter. the man explains to riddick that he had jack slash jackie, the gender confused girl from pitch black, in his care, and then she ran away looking for riddick, and she killed some people and is now residing in a prison on the planet crematoria. a ghost-like person, aryan, shows up at a man's house and explains to riddick what the necromancers can do and that they need his help. just then we see that helly and prime guards are trying to break down a man's doors because he has an escaped convict in there. they break through and find riddick in a dark room with just candles lit. he then says, i hope you're not afraid of the dark, and then burns out the candles with his hands and kills all the guards thanks to his night vision eyes. we then see the necromancer ships landing on helium prime. the necromongers storm out of their ships, killing everything in sight. they find a man in his family, and a man leads the guards away from his family, and they kill him. in what looks like the town hall. the necromonitors have gathered all the remaining people in a town hall, and there we meet the four main necromara leaders, lord marshall, a purifier, vacco and voco's wife, dame vacco. the purifier explains to all the people that if they don't convert to the necromancer away, they will all be killed. lord marshall then tells all those who want to join the necromancer way to bow down. one townsman speaks out and says they will not bow down to him. marshall approaches the man and becomes a ghost-like form and takes out the man's soul. the man falls dead to the floor. everyone bows down, except for riddick. vacco approaches riddick and tells him to bow or die. riddick points out a huge, muscular soldier with two axes and says he'd like to take him on. the soldier, ergun, who was responsible for killing a man, approaches riddick and swings his axes at him. riddick grabs a man's knife still stuck in irvine's armor, and stabs him with it. lord marshall claims that was his best man. lord marshall has deemed vacco take riddick back to the main ship. riddick is now on the main ship, and he sees all the townspeople being converted. when you're converted, they make a hole in your neck. lord marshall tells this machine to run a test on riddick to see what race he is from. the machine starts screaming that riddick is a furion and that they must kill him. now, riddick shoots his way out of the ship back onto the helium prime surface. we see a necromancer battleship chasing riddick through the streets. we then see rockets hitting the battleship, sending it crashing to the ground. we find out the rockets came from tomb's new crew of mercs. the capture riddick and taken back to toonship. we see lord marshall ordering vocko to personally track down renek and kill him. vacco asks why he needs riddick dead so badly. marshall explains that in a vision, he was told he would be killed by fury, and riddick is the only fury left. we then see dame vacco talking to vaco, telling him, that ivako killed marshall, he would automatically become the new king. vodka ponders this thought and then heads out in search of riddick. riddick wakes up and chains on tomb's ship. they say they're going to turn riddick over to a prison planet and collect the money on his head. riddick suggests they go to a prison on the planet crematoria, where jack slash jackie, is being held. we find out that crematoria is a planet that, if you step onto the surface, will burst into flames and die because of the heat. the ship lands in a hangar on crematoria. tombs and his men take riddick on a little train to the underground prison of crematoria. prison director invites tombs and his crew to stay overnight there so they can discuss the amount of money he will be paying for riddick. as they are talking, riddick is wandering around the prison looking for jack slash jackie. he finds her. she tells him that she befriended some mercs and they took her in as a slave. she killed them and got sent here. she says she no longer goes by jack slash jackie, but now her name is kyra. riddick tells her that they are going to escape from here. we see the sun's pattern on the surface and how it works. ever so often there is shade, then the sun comes back and burns up everything in sight. after a long discussion, tombs and his crew don't agree with the prison director on how much money they're being paid for riddick. they end up killing each other and die. riddick releases a bunch of the prisoners and explains they're going to have to travel on the surface to get back to tom's ship. we find out that they are racing a bunch of mercs who are traveling underground to get to the same ship on the surface. they run to the hangar. when they get there, they see a small army of necromongers led by voko at the hangar. the hangar doors open, and the mercs engage in gunfire against the neckermongers. as riddick and kyra watch from the mountains. they turn around and see the sun's rays closing in on them. they run down the mountain and join the battle. kyra is knocked out by one of the necromongers and taken prisoner onto their ship. riddick is shot by voko, and he lies out in the open as the sun's rays burn riddick up. voko and the necromancers leave with kyra. riddick wakes up in the hangar. he notices he is not alone, as the purifier is there with him. the purifier is removing all of his necromancer armor and explains to riddick that he was also once a furion. he leaves. riddick all of his armor and walks into the sun's rays, burning him up, and he dies. riddick steals tomb's ship and flies it back to helium prime wearing necromancer armor on the necromancer ship. dame vocko sees that riddick is on board because she saw his glowing eyes through the armor. she runs back to vaca and informs him that riddick is on board. she tells him to let riddick almost kill marshall, and then kill marshall so vaca will become the new king of the necromongers. riddick finds lord marshall in the throne room and tries to stab him from behind, but vacco uses his ghost-like abilities to teleport to somewhere else. marshall then shows riddick the new and improved kaira. she has a hole in her neck and has been converted to the necromancer. necromongers form a circle around riddick and marshall as they begin to fight. every time riddick swings at marshall, he teleports somewhere else. but you could always see where he's going to teleport, because the ghost form of him moves there first, and then marshall follows. marshall tackles riddick to the ground and tries to remove his soul. kyra runs in and stabs marshall in the back. marshall hits kyrah backwards, impaling her onto a pole, killing her. vocko then steps in with a huge axe. marshall asks voko to finish riddick off for him, but voko moves towards marshall. vacco raises the axe to marshall's head, and marshall's ghost form teleports over to riddick as vocal brings the axe down and misses. riddick takes a knife and stabs it down into marshall's head and breaks off the handle. reddick falls back into lord marshall's throne. aryan approaches riddick and tells him, you keep what you kill. we pan out as we see all the necromongers bowed down to riddick on his new throne, as he is now the new leader of the necromongers. the end. if you like this video, share some love and hit the like button. also, don't forget to subscribe and feel free to comment. thanks for watching. see you again soon. 