welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, and it's hard out here for a batch. didn't think i could do 11 weeks of terrible puns like that, but here we are. and in this video, we're going to be breaking down the latest entry of the bad batch. episode 11 is filled with easter eggs, hidden details and callbacks to the greatest star wars story. full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out, then i highly recommend that you check out now. like the video, subscribe and at me on twitter at heavyspoilers to never miss an update from the channel, without the way yoda, man or woman. now let's get into the bad batch. okay. so last episode we watched as the bad batch were tasked with rescuing a separatist senator. this made the bad batch really question what they were doing. as the clone wars were, of course, very black and white. on the surface, it was clearly good versus bad. but behind the scenes, we know that palpatine was controlling both sides in the war in order to prop himself up as the leader of the galactic empire. this idea of there being shades of grey lace throughout the galaxy is also slowly becoming laced into every aspect of the show. now we have seen that omega has been hunted by bounty hunters, with them constantly going after her like there was a sale at the dorth mall and everything was half off. this meant that hunter decided to leave her behind on the previous mission. but after she became a hollow chest wizard and paid off their debt to sid he realized he'd underestimated her. this idea of underestimation is, of course, very common throughout star wars, and i think that going forward, we will very much see her come into our own by the end of the season. now, episode 11 is called devil's deal, a play on the phrase a deal with the devil, which means to agree to something with someone you can't trust, who will probably screw you over in some way. also, mephisto confirmed. now this episode has the seeds of the rebellion being sewn. and we pick up on ryloth, the home of the twilights. also, i can't remember if it's tweedlex or twilight's so my bad if i got it wrong. now, it's currently being occupied by the empire. enemy watch's crosshair scans the crowd, looking for threats. this is where we catch up with the character goby glee, who was part of the resistance during the clone wars. ryloth was occupied by the separatist alliance, and he helped to fight back in order to earn his people's freedom. glee would go on to help the free ryloth movement get their planet back. and he's very much an opposite to senator, who we too come across in this intro. now you might recognize tar from the prequel trilogy. and this self-indulgent and corrupt character used the political system on his planet to further his own ends. tor says that he's happy the empire has taken over. and we also see cham syndola and his wife, elena, who are, of course, big characters in the star wars universe. you may know that from canon, cham's wife would go on to be killed, and that this would push hera down a certain path in fighting the imps, whilst her father went down another. as for hera, she's been a big name in the expanded universe, and her last appearance before this property was in star wars squadron, which you should definitely pick up now that game is set after the events of this show. but i love that she's slowly starting to pop up in more and more things. the name hera is a nod to greek mythology, namely, the wife of zeus, and she was very much the queen of heaven. now, as for cham, he would go on to help the rebellion against the empire. and here we very much see how he's the real leader of his people, rather than tar. because of the good that the clones did for ryloth during the war, it's easy to convince the tweelex that joining the empire is the right thing to do. and this opening is very much in opposite to last week's, which was about opposing them as much as possible. now, shout outs ryan airy from screencrush for pointing out that the prequel and original trilogy are very much like world war one and world war ii respectfully. the first war was very much black and white and quite easy to get your head around. soldiers fought on the front line, and the messaging was very, very simple. everyone was following orders, fighting soldiers and the hate that they had for one another wasn't based on subjects like race and religion. however, people did start to hate the other side. and metaphorically, in star wars, this can be shown through the droids. in the prequel trilogy, they were, of course, the enemy. and by a new hope, even the good ones weren't allowed to go into bars. now, just before the second world war, those in power realized that they could motivate and manipulate people through using propaganda, making the german population hate jewish people, motivated the mass murder of millions. and i think that star wars is certainly showing us how hate can be weaponized into almost brainwashing a population to carry out evil acts. if you can get your people to hate a certain group, then they will have no problem in having their rights taken away. and this is something that we still see today with subjects like immigration and refugees getting very deep on the channel now. but i like that this show is very much hinting at the broader picture of how society works. and it's making us realize why the empire was able to come in and take control. they had the messaging and the might, and thus could make people power before them. now we cut to hera spying on some imperials with a droid chopper. its periscope pops out first, similar to how artyditus did during return of the jedi. hera has been sent on a reconnaissance mission by her father's lieutenant, goby. and we see very much how she admires the life and be of the planet. this would, of course, all be taken away by the empire. and the moment is short-lived when two clone troopers arrive. their shadow casts over her picturesque view. and this darkness spreading over the land has of course been used as a framing device in several star wars properties to show how they completely engulf everything they touch. now, though gobi is referred to as her uncle, i don't actually think that he is, and instead he's just a close friend of cham. the empire taking over things is very much felt amongst the people who don't want clones defending their ranks. however, cham very much views war as being something that they shouldn't be subjected to anymore, and thus he's happy to let others take over, even though we know exactly where this leads. clown trooper houses says, things are already tense and this is clearly the case, as gobi is, of course, creating spies amongst the people and listing them for war. once more, he's very much in opposite to cham and gobi knows the imperials are up to something. hausa also may be named after josie hauser, who has created numerous star wars comics. cut to rampart, meaning tar. and we see the pair making a deal that will ensure cham and gobi are taken out before they can cause too much trouble. we also see crosshair for the first time without bandages, and can make out that the guys got a nifty score. now, scars are, of course, signs of villains and fiction. and before you start yet, i've got, i've got loads of them, and i'm a nice guy. however, i think that it might actually start to indicate exactly the path that he's going on. and it is possible that crosshair will be freed from his chip, but that he'll still choose to remain with the empire, because that's kind of where he's made his bed. hera sees that the birds in the sky have been replaced by ships, showcasing how nature has been changed. hera is clearly fixated on flying. and this idea of longing whilst looking at a ship is something that ray did in the force. awakens. she just wants to leave this place. and as we know, she would go on to become an expert pilot. hera helped to build a resistance movement on board the ghost, and she teamed up with kane and jairus aka, caleb dume, who he watched escape order 66 all the way back in episode 1. unfortunately, we learned that the deal with the imperials was very much a devil's deal, eh. and they've turned the agreed refinery into a military facility. now, shout out simon a birman on twitter for pointing out that they're digging for dunium, which would be a material that would be used in the construction of the death star. chambrays, they don't alter the deal any further, and this clearly troubles his wife, who sees that they're giving up their freedom for safety. however, this always comes with oppression, and it doesn't sit well amongst the others. hera and gobi end up flying out together, and we see that they're tracked by crosshair. hera gets to fly the ship. and from this you can gather why she's so fond of goby, as he's very much a flight instructor. turns out they're meeting the bachelor brought weapons for them. and there was even a point in this episode that i didn't think they'd show up at all. however, they've brought things to arm the resistance, and it very much shows how they were instrumental to the creation of the rebellion in more ways than one. hera is fascinated by their ship, and omega gives her the grand tour. it gives the pair some time to bond. and i really hope that, just in star wars canon, that omega shows up at some point further down the line, perhaps in the book of boba or the mandalorian. i'd love to see her in the former as he is, of course, her brother. but it's nice to see her interacting with these other star wars characters. the pair have a really good exchange, and we see what life is like for kids caught up in this war. for them, it's normal, and they don't even realize they're in trouble because they're so used to it. goby and co return home. but crossair takes out their engines, which allows a clone transport to come in and capture them. they have little option, and thus have to hand themselves in. and they're surrounded by speeder bikes, which carry the same sound effects as the ones from the return of the jedi. rampart arrives in a turbo tank and doesn't bow to the power play that tar wants. but clearly the clones are starting to question this move. as hauser says, she's just a child. i love how descent is slowly starting to sink amongst the ranks. and chopper informs hera's father and mother that they've been found guilty of treason, even without a trial. thus they launch a rescue mission. and it clearly becomes a devil's deal, as the imperials are almost sort of happy to watch this entire thing play out. rampart and houses seem to be letting toss the other ship, as they know either way they have the power to control whatever the outcome is. rampart makes them surrender, but it's purely so that they can see if cham ceases control of the situation and executes star. however, he refuses to murder him in cold blood. unfortunately, the imperials still need him out the way, and crosshair shoots tall before they're arrested for the attempted assassination. i'm guessing that because he pops up and cannon down the line, and this is a kid's show, that they don't just murder him. and hey, that also makes sense as to why everyone seems to be using stun blasts. her chair and his wife are captured, and potentially we will see the events that lead to her death in the next entry, era goes on the run. and going forward, i think she'll, of course, reach out to the batch, but also will have some help from hauser. he did seem to be questioning orders, and that's normally a good sign amongst the clone troopers. so, hey, i don't think they would have put that in place if it's not gonna pay off down the line. they might even bring kayla back into it to bring everything full circle. and i am excited to see what happens next time, as potentially we could see the formation of rebels. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the show in the comments below. and as a thank you for interacting with the video. you'll be entered into a prize through on the 30th of july, in which we're giving away three mcu box sets. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of episode 5 of loki, which will be linked on screen right now. we pointed out all the easter eggs in a very easter egg filled episode, and it's definitely worth checking out if you want something else to watch. without the way, thank you for singing through the video. i've been poor. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 