[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna squirm in our skin as we come to terms with our new master television in David Cronenberg's Videodrome. let's get to it. we open on a local cable station with a very personalized and specific wake-up call for max Renn, president of the channel, and our main character. he wakes up, grabs a quick and healthy breakfast and heads to his morning appointment, a meeting in a dilapidated motel with some shady businessman peddling smut for his channel. his partners love the idea of expanding their audience with samurai Dreams, but max feels it's too soft. from the boardroom to the broadcast room, we find there technician Harlan working to track down an elusive signal. it's stabilized briefly revealing what appears to be a good old-fashioned snuff film, right in Max's wheelhouse. he then jets off to an interview where his business model involves fulfilling the audience's basest desires in order to compete as a small station, Nicky brand. his peer doesn't think this is healthy, and again, to a side conversation, while Professor oblivion talks about avatars and fake names, basically predicting the entire future of social media in 1983. later, Harlan has been able to lock in on the feed for Videodrome, confirming the programming schedule consists of torture and depravity with no plot lines to carry it through. and it originates from Pittsburgh. max takes a tape home, which Nikki later selects for viewing. the images turn her on, compelling her to try a few things like erotic ear piercing into hematology. gross. why are people always licking blood? the next morning, max meets with mash at one of his business connections, who offers him up some more lame, softcore garbage. he instead solicits her help in tracking down Videodrome. that evening, Nikki reveals she's traveling to Pittsburgh for assignment, and it tends to look into auditioning for Videodrome, which he's not happy about. at lunch the next day, Masha warns max away from his search, having learned that Videodrome is not acting, the torture is real and it's broader purpose delves into some pretty serious stuff. however, he insists on learning what she knows, which leads him back to Professor oblivion. he seeks him out in a TV themed mission where everyone gets the gift of a private viewing booth for video consumption. max finds Oblivion's daughter, who reveals the professor doesn't have conversations. he only communicates via video monologue. so max drops the word Videodrome and heads out. as he works his way deeper, max decides he may need some protection, so he unwraps the gun he picked up at the deli right before his assistant shows up, and he finds himself hallucinating. she has the tape from oblivion, and it seems to be a strange format. he pops it in, Monologues to him about how TV now represents the new reality, and normal life represents a sub reality. and then things get really weird as he's summoned toward the now bulging veiny television. and he complies with its requests. he returns to the mission and is informed the Videodrome signal induces a brain tumor that causes hallucinations. oblivion was killed by those who would want to use the signal to gain power, and he now lives on in the form of pre-recorded tapes of sufficient variety to allow him to feign live appearances. she gives him some educational viewing and sends him on his way. while he bones up on this, he gets an innocent little belly itch, which turns into a full-on tummy vag in which he deposits his firearm. he then gets a call that there's a car awaiting him downstairs. it takes him to mr. convex, one of the parties involved in trying to control Videodrome. he states they want to record his hallucinations for analysis to try to help him. he agrees. in his session kicks off with a vision of Nicky, who becomes manifest in a television on the set of Videodrome. he tries his best to get some better reception, then wakes up next to a bound and deceased mashup. max calls Harlan over to observe and record the details of his reality, but he finds the bed empty. hey, problem solved. now reeling out of control, he insists on meeting Harlan at the lab to review the most recent tape, assuming it will show his exploits. however, Harlan reveals there was no broadcast to record, and actually never has been. he's been in cahoots and has only been showing max tapes without watching himself, which is why he hasn't been susceptible to hallucinations. the group he works with wants to end the societal rot by broadcasting Videodrome for the first time to the lethargic perverts who watched channel 83. max attempts to storm off with indignance, but has offered a pulsating parting gift. and Barry gets a little rapey, walking up to me, shoving the tape into his belly cavity, which instructs him to kill his partners and turn over his channel to the Videodrome group. he then hallucinates, his body telling him he has no choice but the sword. and he ends up in his office where he crashes meeting with his partners. they ask his opinion on a subject, and he provides it with extreme prejudice. he holds himself as though injured, and is able to then escape. in the confusion, as the tape continues to provide instruction, he's told to kill Bianca, oblivion, adept at identifying their methods, she sees through his programming immediately. she's able to slip away and snap him out of his hypnotic state by revealing that Nikki was killed by video drum. the TV then shoots him. and as we all know by the rules of hallucination, when your hallucination kills you, you're free of it. his new mission is to use the tools of Videodrome to destroy Videodrome. he follows Harlan to a back room and discovers that convex is at a convention. Harlen then tries to give max some new instructions, plunging his hand deeply into his front butt, but he pulls out a bloody stump and then explodes. max goes to the tradeshow a swanky affair, and cuts off Barry's presentation, dropping the mic and walking out. as Barry succumbs to his bullet wounds in an unusual manner. max then finds a decommissioned tugboat where he has a vision of Nicky. she tells him the only way to fully defeat Videodrome is to transform into the new flesh, and she shows him how to do it. and then he doesn't. and that was Videodrome, a classic tale of the American Dream. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 