listen. so swallows a psychological drama that one Haley Bennett best actress the Tribeca. and in a crazy turn of events, this indie ended up being the highest-grossing film at the box office for multiple weeks. that's what a housewife was married into a rich family who was about to have their baby, and this axis starts swallowing things like batteries. cinephile seem to really like it. I would say, if you're a fan of any of these right here, vice versa, it may be up your alley, cuz this movie is gut-wrenching, literally, and I loved it. let me explain. the films also inspired by my grandmother, who was a homemaker in the 1950s, who had developed rituals of control, obsessive hand-washing, in order to cope with an unhappy marriage. and my grandfather, at the advice of the doctors, put her into a mental institution where she received electroshock therapy, insulin shock therapy and non-consensual lobotomy. yeah, big spoilers, in case you haven't seen the movie. so Haley Bennett plays hunter, a pregnant housewife, where the family sees as a vessel for their legacy. like they really think that trophy comes once you breed. the wife, poor girl, has to ask permission just to plant flowers, and even then gets put on hold. hmm, I just want to make sure I'm not doing anything wrong. hmm. she can't redesign the home unless it's like a tiny crevice. she's playing more mobile apps than a youtube intro. this man really just takes advantage of her simply because he thrives off her obedience, her genes. for his offspring, she swap. and I was fascinated by the pika. is it pika or pika? it's funny that it's pickax, it looks like it's pika. for those who don't know, mica is an actual condition. in fact, they consulted with an expert on [ __ ] who actually wrote a case study for hunter, and probably concluded that her husband's a goof. see, there are moments where he seems okay, but then you realize it's because he hasn't fully become like his father yet. he demands the state during therapy. just a tip, wife is about to have surgery, got to go to the gym. and then when you thought he wasn't six years old, he tells everybody about her. Piko, okay, can you please not ruin my birthday? we'll talk about this later. the marble went in the mouth. the thumbtack went in the mouth. and everybody really asked me to avoid doing it, but I, I wanted to feel what it felt like anymore. so I was not swallowing these objects, but I wanted to feel the sensation of these things and in my mouth with it, where. I mean, there's this shot of all the items on the dresser, looking like a rogues gallery. Batman collects things from everyone he's gone through. she's saving everything that's gone through her. but what didn't ends up getting her in trouble. why? why? why would you do something like this? [ __ ] is wrong with you? it's just so not a big deal. they hire a bodyguard to keep watch over her, and he ain't playing no games. fewer and more you would not have this problem of the mind. no time for mind problems when you're being shot at. that's that this girl has a stash under the toilet. I'll say this about the movie, it's executed so well, from the acting, directing, lighting, the whole production design, that why you don't want her to eat it. you're kind of rooting for her. like they have this girl salivating over these tacks like I do my haagen-dazs. and I don't really think you need to have a thumbtack addiction to relate to the movie, just like you don't need to be a wizard to watch Harry Potter. but it's clearly representing control. you know, it's putting more emphasis on her mental journey, and she's going through the Piko instead of, you know, how much bloodier could have gotten? you know, it could be anything, and this just happens to be pike ax. but this thing had to happen for her to regain consciousness. another movie this reminds me of is ready or not, which has a return. we also taken a woman captive for the deeds. and since I guess people haven't seen a lot of these movies or a lot of these stories, the question we usually get in the comments is, well, why didn't she just run away? so back story, we see hunter confessed to her therapist that she's the product of rape, that her father was caught and served, and to this day, she carries a picture of him. and you just got to love the therapist for not doing her job. you have to promise that you're not gonna make a big deal about it. I promise. my mom was raped 90s by some random guy, and I was the result. you know, we're at the end of our session, and then, you know, she goes and tells omsbon everything. the only person really comforting her is the aide. her husband found out the news that his life, the mother of his soon-to-be child has been living with her daddy's identity. and he just goes to the gym. remember that they're like super rich, so they're treating her like a gumball machine. if they're not getting their piece, they want their quarterback. it's just seven months. time to pay for sweetie. I'm going crazy with one. they force her to go into therapy or else her gonna divorce her, even take her away. but in The Bodyguard finally realizes that he's no different than the people who will press him back home. so he lets her escape. he come back. [ __ ]. worth it. she put some food in her pockets, goes on her way, calls her mom, who tells her that their self isolating and non vacant. and so she decides to swallow up the courage to finally face her father. now, this entire sequence is, it's an insane baguette, but it's actually one of my favorite scenes of the year. top-notch performances, Direction, lighting, the boom, guy killed it. it's really a fantastic clip that I'll leave for you to experience. but it's a moment where hunter is finally in charge, finally in control, and finally gets to ask. I really do love Hailey's performance in the film. the whole time she's talking in a low tone, until she finally finds her freedom. and you hear the shift in her voice when she finally has control of her body. it's when she seizes control of herself that she can finally, like, go. she finally swallows the fact that those who say they have your best interests at heart, many times don't. so we are going to reconnect the mind and the body. yeah, totally. thank you guys for watching this video. a little, tiny one over here for one of the smaller movies that came out of Tribeca last year. it's also interesting to think that she was actually pregnant while filming the movie. but the battery, it was like chakra. I think that they did have her put the stuff in her mouth, Jaden really swallow them. and anything that she did was, it was something else. some of y'all will probably actually be watching this. if you're at home still stuck, and you ate all your quarantine snacks, you might even find it appetizing. but I'm curious to hear what else you guys noticed in the movie, or how it resonated with you, what interpretation you got from it. because I know that Reina dude was asking for hogs. I don't know who inspired him, but whoever the inspiration for that was, that man used to go to jail. it's also interesting to hear that the director went to high school with Jordan Peele, and he actually showed him the shining he talked about an interview, that that's what influenced his view on production design and how houses can be their own character in a story. we kind of see that in swallow. I love films that examine the tapestry of the human mind. it's the undercurrents that control all of us. let me know your thoughts on this movie down below in the comment section. let me know any other movies that you want us to cover? until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe and wash your hands. please. wash your hands. way better than whatever this lady did. 