welcome back to movietella. first of all, thank you for your continued support. your support is the reason i keep making movie recap videos like this. by the way, spoiler alert, movie plot and twists will be revealed, so you may want to go watch the movie first. this time i'm going to treat you to a 2011 horror comedy film called the cabin in the woods. in an underground laboratory, engineers gary sitterson and steve hadley discuss plans for a mysterious ritual after a similar operation in stockholm has just ended in failure. american college students, dana jules, kurt holden and marty are spending their weekend at kurt vonn's cousin's cabin in the forest. from the lab, citizen and hadley remotely control the cabin and manipulate the students by intoxicating them with mind-altering drugs that have effects such as hindering rational thinking and increasing libido. the lab departments take bets on what kind of monster will attack the students and discuss the failures of international operations. in the cabin cellar, the group finds bizarre objects, including the diary of patience buckner, a cabin resident abused by her sadistic family. dana recites incantations from the diary and inadvertently summons the zombified buckner family. hadley releases pheromones to induce kurt and jewels to have sex. outside. they are attacked by the zombies, and jewels is decapitated, while kurt escapes. marty discovers concealed surveillance equipment in his room before being dragged off by a zombie. the lab workers learned that the right in japan has also failed, meaning that the american right is humanity's last hope. kurt holden and dana attempt to escape in their rv, but citizen triggers a tunnel collapse to block them. kurt attempts to jump a ravine on his motorcycle to seek help on the other side, but crashes into a force field and falls to his death. holden and dana realize that their experience is staged and controlled as they try to escape in the rv. holden is killed by a zombie and dana is attacked once the rv crashes into the lake, the lab employees, seeing that dana is the only survivor, celebrate the success of the right, but are interrupted by a phone call from the director, revealing that marty is still alive. marty saves dana and takes her to a hidden elevator he discovered. they descend into the lab and discover a large collection of different monsters locked in cages. dana correlates them with the objects in the cabin's cellar and realizes that the objects determine which monsters are released. cornered by security personnel, the pair trigger a purge button and release all the monsters, which wreak havoc and slaughter. the staff hadley, is killed by a merman, while dana accidentally stabs citizen to death. dana and marty flee and discover an ancient temple where they are confronted by the director. she explains that worldwide, annual rituals of human sacrifice are held to appease the ancient ones, a group of cruel subterranean deities. each region has its own ritual, and the american ritual involves the sacrifice of five slasher film archetypes, the [ __ ], jules the athlete, kurt the scholar, holden the fool, marty and the virgin dana. order of the killings is arbitrary, as long as the horde dies first and the virgin dies last, or survives. the director urges dana to kill marty to complete the ritual and spare humanity, as all other rituals had failed that year. dana is about to, but is attacked by a werewolf. while patience kills the director. marty proceeds to kill all except dana. deciding that humanity is not worth saving at the price of human sacrifices, dana apologizes to marty for almost killing him, and the two share a joint while awaiting their fate. the temple floor collapses and a giant hand emerges from the grounds, destroying the facility and the cabin. if you enjoyed this video, please like and subscribe. it helps me a great deal. thanks for watching. 