listen, this movies based on an actual lie. and it's a high combo price. I was able to catch you back at Sundance and have been praising it multiple times. it's this crazy story about a dying grandma whose entire family plans a fake wedding in order to come back to China to see her. but the thing is, no one's told her she's dying, and they intend on keeping that lie a secret. let me explain. so to some this may actually sound familiar, since the director, Lulu Wang, had actually told her story on the podcast, This American Life. she opens up about how she had the strong relationship with her grandma before being moved to America at age 6. years later, her 9i gets diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer and has given three to four months to live. the family chooses to keep it alive the same way they've done for previous members, and faked a wedding in order for all of them to see her one last time. so, you know, a comedy by default, that podcast didn't cause a lot of interest from producers wanting to turn it into a movie. the producers came. I had people offering like, much bigger budgets. for the film because they heard it on this American Life and it was now IP. and I said no. I said no to the Disney version. I said no to the, like, you know, big-budget version that was gonna be the big fat Chinese wedding version where she's the bride and she brings home her boyfriend that they broke up, but they're gonna get married anyway. like, you know, that was the version people were pitching me. and I was like, but did you even hear my story? I loved oh, she just, oh, she's just old Disney. like, are you totally cool and not hearing from them, or should they keep your numbers? it's interesting because, while it is based on her experience, the character of Billy, played by Aquafina, isn't really meant to be her. it's just supposed to be someone who's going through something very, very, very similar. that way, she has the emotion of a sort of IO pick, but it isn't restricted. and it turns out that a lot of people have gone through this. at first it was like, you know, I sort of expected that there would be other Chinese people and other Asian people, but there were people that were like, Middle Eastern are from, like South America, that we're doing it. and that's what was really surprising, was just how widespread this practice is. I know the Swedes in mid-summer took their elderly to another extreme, but it's fast hearing this lie be normal to a lot of people, considering that for most of us Mexicans, we keep our grandparents till they're like a hundred and ten, and when they are sick, they never go to a doctor. man, I feel bad. I should go to the doctor. Shane, you better not go. they're gonna find something wrong with you. don't look at as weird as it is if you're American. it's interesting to see that it's not done out of ill intentions. like even the doctors are in on it. well, as told by a Chinese person, that Americans think on an individualist in an introduces way. and in in China, there's more of a group mentality. so we take on that emotional burden for someone who who is sick. and so the obstacle was making a movie that stayed true to that story. if you've seen the movie, you would get why so many producers freaked out with it and wanted to label it you know, put it in a box and say they don't know what genre it was. and I love how Lulu's response to that was just, well, what genre is your life? she had already made a feature about an artist whose work takes off after his death, only thing being he wasn't dead. but the closest to this movie, I would say, and one of my favorites of her, is her short touch that really started honing in on these cultural differences. at first, they wanted her to change the ethnicities of the characters, as this quote from producers, wanting her to alter events to the story of her life that never happened in her life. I was even amused by the amount of many suggestions, like scenes walking down, uh, partly was his garden of Thrones. again, it's ironic that in a story based on a lie, they wanted a strip all the emotion around it by lying. so when it came to deciding whether it was an American production or a Chinese one man, they practically malfunctioned. people kept trying to put me in a box and saying, if it's an American film, it's got to look like this, and people can't be speaking in a different language. and we can't have subtitles. but, you know, I went to Chinese investors too, and they said, if it's a Chinese film, it can't be told through the perspective of Billy because her point of view is too Americanized. and so it was very confrontational. and like, well, where is there room for me that as a filmmaker in in this country, in in this industry? spoiler alert, there is. she pulled a Roma which, for those who don't know, my feel codone, literally rebuilt his childhood home. he got all our furniture, all of that. and here Lulu was able to shoot the movie in China, at her grandmother's town, because she wanted to capture the peach building she knew growing up. the production had people moving cars. she added into Sundance with rave reviews, and was even able to cast her own aunt to be in the movie, the real-life sister to a grandma who started the life. yeah, my parents saw it at Sundance. what did they think? well, my dad said, it's pretty good too. like the entire audience, which is an Asian, a plus. so here's why it's a combo price for me, I love the subtlety to it because the movie doesn't stop to explain cultural differences to other people, who, in the movie, are also the Chinese. if Disney either way, they probably would have had it as Aquafina, having an American boyfriend gets to be our gateway, and everyone overly explains everything to him, and at the end, he probably helps her understand her culture better. nah, instead, there are points in the movie where they don't even use subtitles because she knows you get the emotion. she respected the audience enough to show us a game where we may not know the rules to it, but we know he's losing. and then there are other parts where I related to it fully, even if I've never been in that exact situation. listen, if your family doesn't wake up planning dinner before you've even had breakfast. and I'll know you people, we're all used to certain foods, and sometimes we don't even want to explore outside our circle. but even within your home family, I'm sure we've all been in that scenario where you're looking forward to like a family dinner. you finally get there for those empanadas, and the moment you go for what everyone criticizes your weight, because you took one too many. but then if you don't eat enough, you're considered too sick. how many winters you want? five? five. that's not enough. make it doesn't okay? good parents really be like that. I love how a lot of the movie or Rawls around food, not just because, you know, that's a part of life, but because food is a love language between families, as they put it. but what's crazy is that the entire family isn't really hungry since their morning, but they can't show that, and they can't stop feeding. says they have to keep up with the light. on top of that night, I saw like the wedding planner before everyone came. so she's taking this fake wedding too literally. she's doing tae-bo like my grandma did back in the day, releasing those toxins everyone's trying so hard not to break. and meanwhile, the grin was like, do I have to do everything myself? one of the biggest moments for me comes in the dinner scene. and I don't know how much of this is considered a spoiler, so I'm just gonna put a warning here. go watch the farewell as soon as you can. but the thing is, I was already spoiled too soon, because I've lived in it. it's funny to me how Lulu was given notes about how the mom was too mean, completely ignoring the perspective of her scenario with the mother-in-law. I could feel the people in the theater who thought this was a fight, well, to me, they were just working things out with their inside voices, y'all don't want to hear the outside ones. and then comes the big Western versus Eastern clash, which for me would be over the border in this discussion about how some consider themselves more Chinese, while the other side of the table proudly called themselves American. and it's something that if they ever tried to remake this movie, you like America likes to do, they're gonna completely butcher this aspect, especially when it comes to seeing kids as investments. now how about Friday Night Lights, trying to live vicariously through your son cuz you couldn't make it? I'm talking about leaving your home country because you wanted the best for your child, even when nobody else sees it, including them, it doesn't you don't like your home, even though that's what people back home I was gonna hit you with. it means you're now stuck between two worlds. as the catalyst for my favorite scene in the movie easily, that's when Billy confronts her mom and tells her how she feels, finally expressing how much to move hurt her. that said, why is it that every time we have a deep discussion, it's never in private. y'all noticed? we never get to express ourselves without stuttering. there's never a John Williams score playing in the background with the rain now there's always a random cousin or family member awkwardly listening in when you're finally pouring your heart out, could you just [ __ ] off? knowing that Aquafina was also raised by her grandmother, though boost the scene a little bit. the affectionately nicknamed grandma fina has made cameos and music videos fully supporting her granddaughter's edgy brand of humor. she's a funny woman, man. no joke was ever too dirty for her. but hearing about Lulu's backstory makes it even more intense cuz she didn't move to New York City, which has a Chinatown right when you get off the bridge, ma. she moved from China to Miami at age six. so knowing that that makes Billy's confession to her mother about feeling lonely and lost feel ten times more powerful than it already is. that's why there's a physicality to it when Billy finally embraces a lie that she's been against, running to go snatch the grandmas test results and alter them at the local Kinkos. remember at the dinner party they talked about kids being investments. well, they bring up the piano, which Lulu herself did play before dropping it to become a filmmaker, but she's credited as a pianist for one of the final songs in the movie. if you listen to the podcast, this quote really shines through, about not knowing whether the lie was right or wrong. because obviously there's a lot of people are gonna see this movie and think that, a, what they're doing is completely wrong. there's gonna be others who have no problem putting their elderly with strangers who are caring for them. as where this bird comes in, I think, to me, it represents perspective, like so many weird coincidences have all around us all the time, if you look for them. and certainly for me. and some of them like are hard to explain, because you're like, there's a bird, but I just saw the, you know, people would look at you crazy, but, you know, like, that's strange. it's like the same bird. but I think it sort of represents the fact that if you read into it, if you take meaning from it, then it's meaningful. if you see no meaning in it, you're just like, it's another bird, then there's no meaning. and that's sort of what the whole movie is about. it's, it's sort of perspective and belief. and if you believe something works, then maybe it does. to wrap my my appreciation for this movie, I want to read a conversation between her and her mom. after all the Sundance deals were flooding in, with a 24 is clocking it at six mil, but also having streaming deals that were bigger. Lulu says, she used to compare me to other kids, as Asian parents do, and she would say, you know, they even promised his mom that when he grows up, he's going to buy her a house. I never got that promise from you, right? I know she was joking, but it made me feel bad, because I knew I wanted to do something with my life that I was passionate about. and the struggle with that was that it felt selfish. it felt like I'm choosing myself over the ability to take care of my family. so when she found herself at Sundance, having to pick between a studio that would pay or less, but encouraged her vision, or an altered version that meant more green, she asked her mom for advice. I can buy you a house now, and you can tell all your friends. she remembers telling her in the mom way, why would you buy me a freaking house? I already have one? this film is your baby, and you have to give it to the place that is not necessarily the wealthiest, but will give it the most love and joy and bring it into the world in the right way. and I think they both made the right decision. thank you guys. freaking out this video. I'm Kirsten. any thoughts about the farewell, if you haven't seen it again? you guys know what I do in this channel. I always try to pitch it to you guys if I think it's a good movie. and even if you got it spoiled, good movies can't get spoil a. obviously want to go into them fresh. but go into this movie not knowing anything, if you can. I mean, got to this point, you know some bits of it, but it's an emotional experience. I think it's even better on more rewatch is, especially the more nuances that you pick up on it. but I'm curious to know your thoughts. do you're able to check out this movie? some of the other quotes that I had here, I thought were pretty funny. one of my favorite scenes was the juxtaposition at the cemetery. we all know the dramatic lady who cries at funerals like you-know-whats. you can't say anything, because obviously they're in mourning. it sounds like you ain't gotta yell that much. I also loved the scene in there where they let the man smoke because he was already dead. one of my favorite quotes while researching this was, life's not what you do, but how you do it. another tidbit, she was fired from pineapple Express. is beautiful because I imagine if she was still working, like I think she was like a PA or something. but imagine if she continued down that line and never ended up making this movie, which is one of my favorites of the year. it's always interesting to see where a bunch of filmmakers start up on. but I think one of the final things I wanted to cover was actually a scene that she talks about, and I will let her explain it. dealing with the end of the story for me, was never about whether she lives or dies, like that's the Hollywood version, right? of, like, oh, and and then she has a wedding, and now she can attend, you know, her doing that exercise on the streets of New York, and having her voice transcend, you know, an echo into China, was sort of my way of representing the fact that she carries her grandmother spirit with her no matter where she goes, and that her voice, through art, in her life, it carries and resonates and and it, you know, contains the voice of her grandmother, and it's heard globally. you didn't China, dad said, I think in the podcast you said the grandma might have still been alive. and I believe she is. so I don't know how they're gonna handle the movie once they go over there. and if she sees it, there goes alive. but I think, you know, there was a cute part in the podcast where they kind of talked about, well, what if the grandmother knew the entire time? that would be a really interesting play. but let me know if you liked it, or if you didn't, or other ones that you recommend, down below in the comment section. and don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and you can have the 12 wontons. okay, good. 