hey guys. welcome back to flix recap. my name is luke pelletier, and today we're covering 2017's newness, an emotional rollercoaster ride with sex, secrets and scandal. before we start, be sure to drop a like, leave a comment, and, of course, subscribe to flix recap if you dig the summary. and as a disclaimer, this video includes my own personal commentary. it's not a substitute to watching the film itself. links to purchase the film are in the description below. alright, let's get to it. the movie starts with martin, a pharmacist by profession, scrolling through images of women on his phone. and you can tell he's sexually deprived by the way he's looking at these women. joanne, his colleague at the pharmacy, mentions that this is her last day at work and invites martin to a party. however, martin refuses, saying that he's busy. simultaneously, from a completely different office, gabby, an assistant physiotherapist, makes her appearance, and just like martin, she's scrolling through images of men on her phone. obviously there's some unspoken chemistry here. later, martin is out eating with his friends at a restaurant. his friend mentions how martin likes japanese girls, which is why he married bethany takara. martin gets a bit defensive, saying that he married her because he loved her. he then gets up for a bathroom break and walks away in a sore mood. meanwhile, gabby is out with the girls for the night. her friends are discussing pictures of men. gabby then decides to text some guy to meet up and says goodbye to her friends. she walks past martin on her way on the way to the bathroom. martin bumps into a friend and starts searching for the name bethany takara on his phone. while gabby walks into a building, enters a guy's apartment and starts making out with him. at the same time, martin is making out with a girl when he stops midway to realize she's on drugs. martin helps the girl vomit. and then we see gabby scrolling through images of men on a hookup app. since her last encounter left a lot to be desired, she updates her status on the app to dtf. martin also updates his status to dtf. on the same app. martin texts a few girls to meet up and likes gappy's picture on the app. and then the app works its magic and instantly matches gabby and martin. and this is when things start getting interesting. martin and gabby start texting each other, agreeing to a no-strings-attached relationship, and then decide to meet up at a club. they plan to go to martin's place. after having a few drinks, martin mentions how he's been using the app winks for six months. gabby says that she came to america for education and is originally from barcelona. and then gabby makes the point that she really likes trying out new things and is always in search of a constant newness. so martin and gabby grab a few more drinks, and then they dance together and play arcade games. both seem to be really enjoying each other's company. they share dinner and a few laughs, and later they share their backgrounds with each other. martin tells gabby he was married once for a short time. they spend the night roaming the streets and reach martin's apartment the next morning to make out. both of them have a really great time together. martin makes breakfast for gabby the next day. later, martin and gabby visit an art museum together on their next date. honestly, a very classy idea for a second date. good work, martin. while they're there, martin asks gabby to choose a work of art that she would want to take home. they joke around the museum and laugh hysterically on the way back. gabby introduces martin to a friend of hers, blake. soon gabby packs up her things and moves in with martin. and for the time being, everything is hunky-dory, peachy keen. giggles and smiles and fun galore. they spend the day together playing basketball and partying. martin and gabby decide to deactivate their winx accounts together, and this makes it clear that what they have is more than just a no-strings-attached arrangement. martin and gabby then meet up with martin's friends and have dinner together. another successful date in the books. later that night, gabby wants to get intimate, but martin shuts the idea down, saying that he's tired. both of them lie facing away from each other, glued to their phones. the next morning, martin and gabby are still fixated on their phones, and it becomes obvious that their honeymoon phase is over. it's pretty sad to see. often when i see couples and their relationship blossom in films, i feel like i'm part of it with them in a small platonic way. but when they split, i, me the viewer, also feel that division. it's like surrogate heartbreak. in any event, martin introduces gabby to his parents, hoping to develop their relationship further and keep the fire alive. martin's father is in the kitchen with gabby, and he tells gabby that his wife has dementia. he further explains to gabby that love isn't all roses and sweets. gabby excuses herself to go to the bathroom, and on her way, sees pictures of martin and his ex-wife, bethany, hung on the wall. and then she sees childhood pictures of martin with a young girl, and gets upset. she rejoins the dinner table with martin and his parents. gabby asks martin if he had a sister, to which he replies, no. martin's mother mistakes gabby for bethany. martin's father explains to her that the girl in front of her is, in fact, gabby. and martin had divorced bethany several years ago. gabby asks martin how long he had been married to bethany. martin replied, eight months. the vibe between the two starts to get pretty intense. martin asks gabby why she gave him the silent treatment on the way home. gabby replies that his mother called her bethany, and that she needs to know more details about martin's past. from my perspective, the dementia piece is hard to swallow, but it's understandable for gabby, i would feel a little upset too. but the fact that martin hadn't clued gabby in on the details of his previous marriage, especially as their relationship has been developing, that's irresponsible. here, martin doesn't want to share his past. and gabby asks martin why he hasn't told her about his mother's conditions, about his sister and so many other things. martin gets up and moves to the kitchen. gabby asks martin again if he had a sister, to which martin replies, i don't she's dead. frustrated, he pleads with gabby to stop asking questions, but gabby persists, to which martin sarcastically starts telling her about his sister's death. and gabby responds by being upset, criticizing him for his sarcasm, despite the fact that she was the one prying. martin and gabby get into a heated argument and start raising their voices at each other, which results in gabby grabbing her bag and leaving the apartment. martin meets up with his friend paul and admits that he loves gabby. meanwhile, gabby is working and meets a waiter named roland who works at a restaurant that she usually visits. and roland invites gabby to a party. back in martin's world, joanne is back, but only for the weekends. martin then gets invited to a party by his colleagues. martin and gabby both go out for the night, but feel lonely in a crowd. they both seem uninterested at first, but eventually they blend right into the night. gabby wakes up the next morning only to find herself next to paul. she sneakily leaves the room. meanwhile, martin has spent the night with his colleague, joanne. gabby goes to martin's apartment to talk to him. she feels guilty and starts crying. martin asks her what happened at this gabby confesses that she cheated on martin last night. she asks martin if there was anything he wanted to tell her, but martin doesn't reply. gabby goes into the room and starts crying. gabby asks martin if he even loves her anymore. they both then decide to go to a counselor. the counselor advises them to share their feelings. martin confesses that he felt if he told gabby about his feelings, she might not love him anymore. both of them played a game when they came back home, on the counselor's advice, each of them shared their secrets and asked each other questions. they both confessed to each other about their sexual fantasies and promise to be honest with each other. gabby and martin go to a surprise party for a man named larry. gabby asks martin to flirt with a girl while she flirts with other people. martin goes and tells the other girl the truth, he has a girlfriend. martin is alone drinking, and his friend comes up to meet him. gabby, who is now looking for martin, sees him talking to a girl. this sparks the flame in gabby, and she finds herself a man and decides to drink some coffee with him. both gabby and martin are having a great time. martin reactivates his winx accounts and starts swiping pictures of girls on his phone. with their relationship reinvigorated, they both meet each other's demands. gabby asks martin to take a lap dance with a stripper, while martin wants gabby to go on a date so he could spy on her. gabby reactivates her winx account and later, they decide to have a threesome. they make promises to each other and agree on always doing things together. gabby goes to meet larry, and paul asks martin if he's okay with gabby sleeping with other people. martin says he's fine with it for now. paul tells martin that bethany, his ex-wife, had a baby, which frustrates martin. meanwhile, larry asks gabby if martin knows that she's with him. gabby says that she'd tell martin later, and that they have an open relationship. he asks gabby again what she would get out of it. larry then goes on to explain that there would always be a part of her that would feel empty and alone, and that relationships are just transactions. a very bleak outlook from larry, but at the same time, painfully real and perceptive. back home, martin is staring at bethany's number on his phone when gabby suddenly opens the door. gabby tells martin about her day, and martin just gets irritable. martin goes out to drink at a bar where he meets up with blake, while gabby texts larry. martin discusses his past with blake and tells her how bethenny had a miscarriage. martin confesses that he ran away because he wasn't ready for any of it. gabby goes out with larry and spends the night with him. at home, martin watches old videos of bethany on his laptop and decides to email her. larry, on the other hand, gifts gabby a necklace gabby comes home the next morning and hides the necklace. soon martin finds the necklace in a book. and a friend of blake tells gabby that martin still has emotional baggage from his previous relationship. obviously, this whole thing is getting pretty convoluted and devolves into another giant heated argument, swearing and screaming at each other. gabby packs up her things and leaves. gabby goes to larry's house. larry tells gabby that he's planning to move to europe, even barcelona, for two years. and then larry makes her an offer to go with him at night. larry throws a party and invites blake. gabby doesn't want blake to be there. larry and gabby have a small argument concerning blake, and gabby leaves. poor gabby going door to door like a nomad. martin meets up with bethany and apologizes to her. they catch up and have a good conversation. gabby and larry then talk about the other night. gabby realizes that larry doesn't care about who she is or what she wants for larry. this whole thing was a transaction. gabby packs up her stuff and leaves larry. to be fair, though gabby probably should have seen that coming, larry basically gave her a hint that the opportunity to love and live carefree is very rare in his world. larry was as straight with gabby as he could have been to get what he wanted at the definite cost of being deceptive. gabby confesses to martin that she now wants a serious relationship and that she can figure things out with martin by her side. they both have a heart to heart and confess their feelings, and the film ends with unison between the two. newness is a movie that explores different aspects of a relationship, diving deep into both sexual and emotional needs. the movie brings open relationships into the forefront, a topic that's rarely depicted, and kind of alludes to kink play, bdsm and overall, maturity in communication between partners. and the reason i like this film is because it does a really nice job of emphasizing the importance of communication, transparency and effort in a relationship. in a sense, it's almost like a little educational video. it's not meant to be copied, scene for seen, but you get the point. be sure to drop a like if you dug the summary. and of course, subscribe to the channel so that you don't miss the next recap. until next time. 