Liz. this is what music culture calls a plants. when I first heard about this movie, I thought it was a Lifetime movie that accidentally got released in theaters. but, hey, I mean, I wasn't excited for it. it look like cheesy fun. but the more I looked into this thing, it turns out that this movie got the book rights in January of 2016, but the book itself wasn't released until March 2017. so it's like one of those things where me saying it's a little bit too much like GaN Girls one thing, but y'all literally pitching it as GaN girls long-lost twin sister is sampling a bit more than logic does. does that automatically mean it's a bad movie? no. I personally give it a rent it because I thought it was a fun ride. I like the actors, even if it does get a little too goofy. let me explain. so Anna Kendrick is this acha awkward vlogger who does food recipes on fake tube. she's that PTA parents who brings in the gluten-free crayons for the kids, like she's Leslie Knope in every possible way when it comes to volunteering. so when she sets up a playdate with mrs. Deadpool, who's the mysterious mom nobody knows. this girl pretty much opens up way more than she needs to. turns out that Anna Kendrick's a single mother who lost her husband and her half brother in a car accident years ago. but even worse than that was that before she was even married, her father had died, and her stepbrother, who she didn't even know existed, pulls up to the funeral. and be it loneliness, or because Game of Thrones just premiered, they got jiggy with it. now in the book, it's actually confirmed that the kid that she has isn't even her husband, but her half-brothers. so this is her son and a half nephew at the same time. like Hendricks always been that innocent chick next door who makes noises with her mouth. but I'm not gonna lie, she was really creepy in this movie. like, her last name is smothers, for crying out loud. that's worse than Lannister. but I found these two hit it off. Blake's made it very clear that she doesn't like any pictures of herself, you know, she wants to make sure that there is no proof that she doesn't leave behind a trace. and this girl just disappears during a business trip to Miami. they eventually find her body in a nearby lake, all full of heroin. and since Anna's a good friend, of course, during these perilous times, she decides to smash the husband. I get that he's a crazy, rich Asian, but Kendrick, loyalty ain't in your DNA at all. now, an interesting thing about the movie is that for its marketing, Blake Lively actually deleted all of her pics on Instagram to promote the movie. and she literally followed 28 accounts named Emily Nelson, which is a character in the movie. it's just a fun fact. but like I mentioned before, this movie is gone girl jr. granted, the triplets part isn't in the book, but it's still just as conniving. turns out Blake was one third of the triplets, hope, faith and charity. but since charity died at birth, they tattooed her charm on their arms in her memory. faith and hope end up embarking on more shenanigans. and Zack and Cody, like burning down the west wing of their house in order to get back at their abusive dad. they end up faking their death, and they end up parting ways in order to not get caught, even though eventually one of them ends up addicted to heroin. and she decides to blackmail the main sister we've been seeing because she's been doing so well. and that's where Emily, the main one, comes up with the idea of drowning her sister Friday the thirteen style, when they meet up at their old church camp in order to scam out the four million dollars in insurance money. while everybody ends up thinking, it's ER, I didn't even creep your side. no. in the book, Emily ends up pushing her sister to Hanna Baker herself. so I don't really know what's worth, but it still tried too hard to be gone girl, Stephanie starts streaming like she's part of serial as she events the gates Emily's past in order to figure out what's going on, until the gone girl herself comes home. Emily's new plan is to blame everything on the husband, since he's been having an affair with one of his students. but with the power of YouTube streaming, and is able to get an entire Blake Lively confessing her plans to fake her death and run away with the money. now, in the book, Emily is able to run away with little Nikki to another country. in the movie, girl gets Regina George by a Mormon as she tries to escape and go straight to jail. everything gets resolved. the husband moves to Cali with his son. and Stephanie's vlog hits 1 million subscribers as she starts investigating murders on her live stream. by the moment we hit that number, I'm gonna do the same. I'm gonna start. let me uncover. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. like I said, a little too similar, in my opinion, but still a decent run, nonetheless. right? I also, if you, if you watch this channel at all, huge fan of Lynda Carter Nelly. I loved seeing her in anything. there was no reason for her to be in this movie whatsoever. back here, son, any thoughts down below in the comment section? if you read the book that was released a year after the movie was actually pitched. Kirsten, any thoughts down below? I'm telling you it could be fabricated. it's very clear they wanted to make it a best-seller, so it has some traction for the movie. nothing against that back. still a little too similar to gar girl. definitely let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, or else. all black know your twin 