In the last scene of the first movie Shinichi faced off the parasite residing inside his mom's body he was able to claim victory and both he and Migi survived the events of the first part but what happened afterwards what about the parasite army that has slowely been established somewhere in the shadows and what about the main antagonist Gotou from the anime in this follow-up we will conclude Shinichi's story and look what could have been done to finish the job quicker safer and possibly cooler Let's get to the essentials the threats are an army of parasites established with the help of human mayor Takeshi Hirokawa Then we have the sick parasite Gotou a parasite with a body composed of five different parasites he's especially dangerous and pretty difficult to get rid of but the most as always dangerous threat of them all is stupid human interference it is clear that every second we waste the parasites gain in power everyday people get killed and end up as parasite snacks at this point nobody knows that the mayor Mr. Hirokawa, is secretly a parasite admirer he believes that we humans are the real parasites he despises us and therefore wishes for a world where all humans are subjected to parasite control that's all cool and stuff but he should go f-k himself I have to admit that infiltrating the government was a brilliant move from the parasites especially since most parasites are not competent enough to mimic human emotions reliably so having humans like Mr. Hirokawa on their side is an insanely smart move and makes me wanna fanboy for the completely wrong group it comes as no surprise that there will always be certain humans that take up any chance to go against their own species how to beat those people well buy them gift cards for therapies and/or books to antidote their internal chaos anyway this dude must have thought if I can beat 'em I might as well join 'em and I do have to agree at least partly but in my opinion joining the enemy so early on is a far greater risk than staying low-key and see how everything plays out at least before making a potentially stupid decision we've all seen Saroman's dismay this poor old chap and this part of the story Shinichi and Migi developed a friendship in their free time they enjoy hunting down parasites, they philosophize about the meaning of life and even a cooking session finds Its place every now and then the movie makes it very clear that the loss of his mother as well as the many lives that were taken in the first part turned Shinichi into a Japanese High School Batman which I personally like a lot it doesn't take long until we find out the Tamiya the schizophrenic parasite/mother/mad scientist has convinced a human journalist to shadow Migi and Shinichi her intentions are entirely clear in the movie whether she's keeping an eye on them out of something like Compassion or just pure self-interest we don't really know Her behavior is pretty ambiguous and while she doesn't really seem to be able to grasp how to smile she definitely knows how to use her human sex-appeal go figure But the key word that I want to talk about is infiltration if the parasites are gaining massive Advantage by infiltrating human institutions like politics and journalism then it should be clear that we as humans should proceed similarly just like Tamiya put a journalist onto Shinichi and Migi we should be putting a journalist onto Tamiya she frequently meets up with the other higher-ups inside the parasite imperium. Indicating who is pulling the strings is of crucialy importance if we are serious about winning this fight it is true that the parasites are able to freely shapeshift their appearance which could make this whole mission a little bit problematic but Mr. Hirokawa is human and therefore very prone to detection note that this endeavor can only be performed with human support any parasite would be detected instantly the obvious goal of this approach would be to eradicate the parasites as quick and as efficient as possible but don't get me wrong I could watch Shinichi and Migi systematically hunt down parasites all day long but it just isn't very productive + it is potentially dangerous If he's serious about killing all parasites to establish general safety again and he needs a more widespread approach and no I'm not talkin about nukes here so instead of proving the journalist that fell for Tamiya that she indeed is a parasite too and then leaving him behind just like that Shinichi should have considered to work with them together he should have ensured his safety until he as a human journalist could find and deliver evidence backed proof covering everything about the parasites in charge he could have easily handed this prove to the police without necessarily revealing Shinichi's power this would have ensured a large-scale government operation and the parasitic threat could have been completely eradicated within mere days many of you have hinted that in the anime Migi has threatened Shinichi if he were to reveal anything about his condition the movie follows a slightly different pace at this point Migi has already become much more approachable and sensitive to Shinichi's desires Satomi and Shinichi are on better terms again after all that has happened in the first part they do a good job in comforting each other which I believe to be very important emotionally after all they both went through quite some stuff however it still gives me anxiety seeing Satomi roaming around freely completely not knowing about the psychopathic mutant parasites out there that will hijack your brain and eat it like a six-year-old devours his Slurpee especially Shinichi's decision to neglect the truth and not come forward with it bothers me a lot there are only two logical options yet he doesn't go for neither firstly staying away from her completely this would allow her to stay safe in so far that she wouldn't become a Target by being around Shinichi who can constantly be sensed by random parasites at any given moment the downside on the other hand would be that he can't actively intervene if she should randomly be attacked by any of those sick f-ks it would be easy to convince her to stay away from you and not be an unnecessary burden while you are fighting against the parasite army hiding her somewhere up in the mountains of hokkaido should perhaps suffice to keep a relatively safe at least temporarily it's cliche but it does work being rational about stuff rather than emotional is always preferable in dangerous situations and to be adequately rational requires to be as honest as one can be by the way this would have also saved his mother in the previous part but many of you have pointed out Migi actively blocked that option by threatening Shinichi you see honesty pays out but sometimes the only answer is brute force in our next scene Shinichi gets followed by five parasites at the same time. The hardcore fans out there know exactly what this means we are about to face Gotou the sick lab rat who's body is composed of five different parasites Gotou is basically comparable to an octopus and let's be honest here parasites and octopuses have a lot in common no matter how you look at it an Octopus has 3 hearts, 9 brains and blue blood which is freaking awesome if you ask me and at least as alien as any of those parasites what it means to have nine brains well I don't know but in the case of Gotou we do need to kill each parasite residing in his body to completely wipe him out one of the problematic aspects of Gotou's existence besides is 5 lives is his tendency to be five times more aggressive and bloodthirsty than solo parasites running away makes sense but a future encounter can't be avoided so gathering as much information about him as possible could be worth it nevertheless in the movie Shinichi and Migi try to avoid direct confrontation and run away but they eventually decide to face Gotou directly there are multiple things to mention here but first of all how dare you to run away from this bloodthirsty parasite whose head you've just decapitated while a group of young women is coming for a stroll in the park it's like nobody has any chance against that monster but you in a radius of about 2 million miles so running away I don't know man seems a bit irresponsible to me furthermore you've just beheaded the most powerful parasite out there that should motivate you a little bit more a chance like this won't presents itself anymore that easily and with Shinichi's parasitic Powers he could have easily finished the job shout out to Columbus from Zombieland if you ain't sure you better hit it twice Shinichi should have known better because of the exact same mistake his mom got killed in the first part meanwhile the journalist who has ventured out on his own to expose the parasites left by Mr. Hirokawa became too much of a threat and therefore a target I have mentioned how this could have been avoided if he cooperated with Shinichi or other big forces rather than trying to set things straight on his own especially since he's only human and therefore no match for any parasite I understand that he is an investigative journalist and has a certain type of temperament usually those people are very brave people who can put the truth about anything else which is admirable but Mr. Kuramori is also a single father of a young girl his most important duty therefore would have been to keep his daughter safe no matter what So, before making any moves, he should made sure that his daughter was out of reach for any parasites. That would have been easily achievable in just a few short days. Furthermore, he had already met Shinichi before and knew that he is a kind and supportive character. He would have most likely helped him out, or at least ensured the safety of his daughter. but he didn't plan anything and jumped into the mess without making any preparations which is reckless and stupid to say the least especially when you think about his daughter when the parasites attacked his household he was shopping for groceries of course his wife has passed away not too long ago so his daughter stayed home alone and became the latest in theory avoidable victim of the parasites I can't imagine how that feels but it must suck knowing that you had the chance to avoid this but even if he did take measurements and kept her somewhere safe he was very likely to meet his death anyway after all he was picking a fight with the parasites that his daughter got killed though was not necessary and I'll explain why His rate of survival was slim to begin with, no matter how you look at it. But as a father, I would have expected him to prepare certain things in case of his death \xe2\x80\x93 which, again was likely to happen. He didn\xe2\x80\x99t do anything of that sort. This bears the question: Who would have taken care of the girl in case of his death? If he didn\xe2\x80\x99t have an answer to this question, then he would not have ventured out, and if he did have a solution, then he would have placed her save first and instructed those in charge what to do in case he won\xe2\x80\x99t return. This leads me to my next conclusion Mr. Kuramori was thoughtless and too rash in his actions which led to his daughter's death if you wanna recklessly throw away your life be my guest but if there are people around you who rely on your well-being then you should think carefully what you are going to do next if for some reason you just have to go and risk your life because of your believes or whatever then that's completely fine but you must think and prepare a safety net for those relying on you in case you don't make it back the identity of the parasites and Mr. Hirokawa's involvement leaked out the government started a huge action plan to identify the threat and get rid of them one by one looking at these scenes I don't think they need any help or inputs from a YouTuber on how to beat those parasites their efficiency is on another level how about we temporarily switch sides and try to beat this big-scale government intervention instead hell yeah what they do is they systematically screen a batch of people and identify the parasites among them if they find one well then this is what happens I love how does Japanese SWAT member can't help but be polite when sending a parasite into its death that's some cold blooded s*** in the first scenes of his grand plan we have seen that there are countless heavily armored Special Forces with plenty of backup they use big caliber shotguns to blast away anything in front of it they know what's up but as a parasite and especially as a group of a few dozen parasites this situation shouldn't be too much of a threat if you think it through the simplest way to ensure your safety here would be to take these hundreds of people as hostages as a parasite you are able to cut people in half and mere seconds so you would have had plenty of time to react accordingly it would have required some organizational skills but with the help with our high-profile politician Hirokawa this should not have been an issue I give him a thumbs down for the effort taking hostages would have ensured your safety temporarily but how could you possibly get out of there if I were a parasite I would have shape-shifted myself into one of the human hostages if we were a group of let's say 24 parasites I would have divided us into four groups of each 6 parasites and then shape-shift into one human per group then I would have told the hostages to run out with us pretending to be a parasite too if they declined or yelled out the truth once outside well they would have ended up 6 ft deep pretty quickly Mr. Kuramori is going nuts can't blame me for it but oh boy is it not his fault he managed to kidnap Tamiya's baby and took it for a casual stroll inside the local zoo I guess he called her over to reason with her.. or explain why exactly is doing what it's doing? I don't know but it seems like there isn't anything more dangerous than a desperate parent Tamiya makes the case that the parasites and humans can live together as one family which is all beautiful and stuff but unfortunately impossible if the parasites transform human brains into protein shakes the only way for parasites and humans to peacefully coexist would be in form of Shinichi and Migi that could be actually beneficial for both entities but it would come along with many more questions and difficulties that I won't mention in this video in the following scenes a few interesting things happen first of Mr. Kuramori gets killed by Tamiya before he can throw the baby into its death like a spartan and getting rid of a baby with imperfections afterwards Tamiya saves her baby while she's getting shot by the police countless times something that should not have been possible according to the nature of parasites she sacrificed herself to save a human this proves that she put in the effort more so than the humans to understand us and use this understanding to adjust herself I have to give her props for that before she dies she hands over her baby Shinichi and wishes all of them the best I guess after all she was nothing less than something thrown into a chaotic world with no answers anywhere to be found she's basically a modern parasitic philosopher concerned with the questions of ontology I liked her. RIP At the same time it turns out that all Special Forces back at the town hall were annihilated they managed to kill each parasite apart from Gotou which as we all know would not have been the case if Shinichi didn't procrastinate halfway through the movie Now, say what you want about the live-action Gotou but he is freaking cool. He looks straight like a subject from a secret underground lab owned by Orochimaru. Shinichi escapes. He knows he\xe2\x80\x99s no match for Gotou and that is scary. If he can\xe2\x80\x99t take him out and nobody else can, then how do we get the job done? Gotou seemingly can\xe2\x80\x99t be harmed by anything physical since his shield is basically impenetrable. But those who have watched the anime know that there are certain ways to get rid of parasites. First of all, each parasite is dependent on their internal organs \xe2\x80\x93 just like humans. Meaning if there\xe2\x80\x99s a way to damage those, especially the heart for instance, the parasite would not be able to survive just like we as humans could not either. To injure Gotou though is a little difficult since he\xe2\x80\x99s very capable in hardening his parasite skin. One of the few possibilities would be to injure him through bigger detonations. But even with this, it isn\xe2\x80\x99t entirely guaranteed that he couldn\xe2\x80\x99t defend himself against that too. Another plausible way would be to poison him. This would do the job relatively quickly and doesn\xe2\x80\x99t necessarily require a direct hit. Shinichi doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have time to think about all of that and runs into a forest. He knows that he can\xe2\x80\x99t defeat him. And so Migi comes up with a plan that requires him to separate himself from Shinichi. According to him, that way they can attack from both sides giving them an advantage. But it is no help During this act of, let\xe2\x80\x99s call it improvisation Migi gets killed. My heart broke during this scene and I hoped for a Migi return. But at the same time, I knew that this was a Japanese production and therefore I knew that they would probably enjoy leaving us in despair just like that. e.e Through sheer luck Shinichi escapes and hides in a nearby storehouse. His girlfriend joins and plays the night nurse for the time being. The rest is history. In the morning of the following day, Shinichi gets yet again eyeballed from the side, this time by his arm stump. Being just as happy as I was watching this scene, he quickly realized, for the first time during both movies, that Satomi is in danger since he can be sensed by Gotou. DUH He leaves Satomi behind and escapes to the local landfill. If I were to experience my last moments, this is not the place that I would pick. Especially since running away from another parasite, in that case even Gotou is pretty much impossible The last showdown breaks out, which reminds me of the last scenes of the lord of the ring trilogy. Shinichi without the powers of Migi has yet to figure out a way to kill Gotou. But to me it looks more like he\xe2\x80\x99s trying to survive rather than actually win the battle. If this was me, I\xe2\x80\x99d probably batista bomb Gotou into the fire. But Shinichi comes up with some legit Matrix moves instead and slides over the floor, grabs a piece of metal and stabs Gotou like he\xe2\x80\x99s never done anything else When Gotou strikes for the counter it seems like Migi, in an extremely gross way joins Shinichi\xe2\x80\x99s body again. It turns out he waited in Gotous body for the right time, to go back to Shinichi and save him one more time from death. They have a beautiful and quick, probably pretty smelly reunion. And at the same time Gotou seems to be rather unwell. We eventually learn from Migi that the metal piece Shinichi pierced Gotou with had a chemical on it that poisoned Gotou and made his organs shut down. This led to an internal fight of all parasites residing in his body. Basically, their strong individual survival instinct kicked in and the teamwork turned into a free for all that ultimately led to his demise. Shinichi almost decided against killing Gotou but Satomi suddenly appears, she watched the fight from the VIP cabin above. Lucky Girl. This convinced him otherwise. He understood that in order to keep those he loves safe; he must finish the job. He picks Gotou\xe2\x80\x99s corpse up, speaks a few last words and throws it into the fire of the mount doom of landfills. So apparently poison is the way to go Always carry a few vials of deadly poison and some metals shards perhaps even shuriken. Every time you face a parasite that is about to jump you, throw that shit right into its face. Thanks for watching 