[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a thriller film the prodigy. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. a woman covered in blood escapes from a house in the middle of nowhere. she runs to the highway and is saved by a kind-hearted woman. the poor woman was kidnapped by a serial killer who has a fetishism for hands. she managed to escape after her right hand is taken by the killer. she tells the police where the killer lives. soon the police come and surround the killer's house. moments later, the killer walks out of the house naked. the police shoot him immediately because they thought he was going to take out a gun. when they approach, they realize it is not a gun, but a woman's right hand. at the time of the killer's death, john's wife, sarah, goes into premature labor. their son, miles, was born with blood marks, surprisingly similar to the ones on the killer's chest. the couple adores this baby boy, whose pupils have different colors. miles is very different from an ordinary kid since he was born when he is four months old, he doesn't cry during an injection. what's more, he can even utter some simple words, which surprises the doctor. the doctor thinks miles is a prodigy. sarah is very proud of her smart boy, so she begins to educate him very early. when miles is five, he receives an iq test, the result of which shows that his iq is much higher than the ordinary kids. the doctor suggests he should go to a school for gifted kids. however, his development of empathy lags behind his peers. blinded by the joy of having a genius kid, sarah doesn't take it seriously. when miles turns eight, they find him a babysitter. one night, the babysitter turns off the tv, as his mother required, which annoys miles. miles tricks the unsuspecting babysitter into going down to the basement. the babysitter steps onto some sharp objects and falls down the stairs, breaking her leg. when miles is questioned by his mom, he feels innocent and claims no memory of that. one night, sarah sees miles talking in his sleep, but she doesn't understand a word. she is a bit worried, so she records him talking. when miles wakes up, sarah asks him if he had a bad dream, much to her surprise, he says he had a nice dream. not long after, something worse happens. in school, miles attacks a classmate with a wrench, simply because that kid refuses to exchange partner with him. sarah is frightened by her son's violent behavior, so she brings miles to a psychiatrist and turns over the tape of his sleep talking. the psychiatrist is not sure what happened to miles. she suspects that miles might suffer some kind of abuse. coincidentally, sarah's husband was abused when he was young. but when confronted that night, a husband denies that he has ever touched miles. the couple then fall into an argument. sarah is awake the whole night. when she goes to check miles, she sees miles as talking gibberish in his sleep. again, more disturbingly, when waking up, miles tells mom that there is another man living in his head. after listening to the tape of miles of sleep talking, the psychiatrist tells about miles to her friend, an expert on reincarnation. days later, sarah goes to meet the expert, who tells her what miles speaks in his dream in a rare dialect, and the words have horrible meaning. sarah finds it hard to believe. to persuade sarah, the expert tells her a similar case he encountered in india. but sarah still doesn't want to believe the so-called rebirth, especially when she hears that the spirit that intends to take over mills is evil. she feels insulted a lot by that. the expert and the psychiatrist are worried about miles, because they know, if they don't help the spirit fulfill what it hasn't finished, soon miles body will be completely controlled by the spirit. however, sarah refuses their help and returns home in anger. while playing games with miles at home, sarah notices that there's a change in miles behavior and the way he looks at her and touches her hand. in fear and confusion, sarah plays the cd the expert gave to her. sarah's husband comes into the bedroom and sees it. he thinks it's all nuts. later, sarah sees miles's face changes into an adult's face, which makes her more nervous. one day, miles secretly sharpens a pair of scissors, intending to use it for some unknown reason. not long after, her dog is missing. john asks miles to look for the dog with him, but miles ignores him, focusing on playing his games. john shuts down the tv and takes miles out with him. miles doesn't seem to be concerned about the dog at all. he even tells jon that everyone is going to die one day, even john as a father. john doesn't like miles talking to him like that. he stops the car and tells him off. somehow miles starts to talk about john's abusive childhood, which astonishes john greatly, because neither he nor sarah has ever told him about it. at home, don happens to find miles has been recording their bedroom with a baby monitor. john is so angry that he is going to teach miles a lesson. sarah stops him and lets him stay in a friend's place until he calms down. when sarah is bathing miles, she's terrified to see it happens more often that miles's body is controlled by the spirit. that night, sarah has a bad dream. when she wakes up, she sees that miles is standing silent at the door. she lets miles sleep with her. suddenly, sarah finds a lot of flies in the house. she follows the flies to the basement and finds dried blood on the floor. miles apologizes while helping sarah open a board under the cabinet. there they find the dog's body. sarah can't stand it anymore. therefore she brings miles to the expert again. the expert asks sarah to stand outside of the room while he hypnotizes miles. during the session, miles threatens the expert to stop it, otherwise he will accuse the expert of molestation. at first, the expert refuses to follow his words, but when he hears the spirit's evil plan, he finally compromises. after telling sarah the regression didn't work and seeing her off according to the spirit's instruction, the expert finds the name edward carved into his couch by miles. he realizes that it might be the clue left by the little miles about the spirit living inside. sarah drives miles home and sees john is waiting at the garage. john tells sarah that he finds miles a reforms school. sarah doesn't want to send miles there, but she doesn't know what else she can do. at midnight, sarah receives a call from the expert. the expert shows his real worries and tells her about the name edward. upon searching the name, sarah's astonished to find edward was a serial killer who had the same colors of pupils as miles. what's more, he died just a few minutes before miles was born. all of which implicates that her son is not a prodigy at all, but just a poor boy possessed by an adult soul. sarah also learns that edward killed nine women and cut their hands off for collection. the tenth victim escaped before he killed her, who now publishes her experience. while she is still on the phone, she hears something and goes for a check, but it is just her husband standing on the stairs. the next day, they take miles to the school bus as usual. then john picks up miles from school after one hour and plans to send him to the facility. while sarah is packing up for miles at home, she finds the book published by the survivor and other information in miles's closet. sarah suddenly realizes edward's unfulfilled wish is to kill the woman who escaped. on their way to the facility, miles, who now is controlled by edward, cuts john's safety belt and stabs him with a pair of scissors. the car loses control and hits a tree, causing jon to fall into a coma. seeing what happened to her husband, sarah decides to accept the expert's suggestion, helping edward finish what he wants so as to set her son free from his control. with that plan in mind, sarah asks miles to take pills to fall asleep. later, she finds the survivor and gains her trust by pretending to be her fan. sarah loads her gun in the bathroom, but she doesn't have the heart to kill the innocent woman. just then, miles, who is supposed to be sleeping at home, appears in front of the woman with a knife in his hand. miles stabs the survivor and kills her without any hesitation. after she died, miles drops the knife and runs out of the house. sarah chases after him and sees him kneeling on the lane. at first sarah thought edward would leave miles when he completes his wish. but she finds that edward is still inside miles. much to her shock, he tells her that miles is long gone. hearing this, sarah can't resist the anger anymore and tries to shot the demon who has her son's body. with the sound of a gunshot, sarah collapses instead. it turns out she is shot by a farmer passing by who thought she was going to kill the innocent boy. sarah tries to tell the truth, but she can't. in the end, she dies with regret. sometime later, miles is taken to a foster home. when he sees the hostess beautiful hands, he smiles creepily. while miles stares into a mirror in his new home, the mirror reflects the horrible image of edward. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 