Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2020 South Korean dystopian action thriller film called 'Time to Hunt'. The film is written and directed by Yoon Sung-hyun. The film is set in a dystopian South Korea and follows a group of young friends who plan a robbery and are pursued by a mystery assassin after completing the job. Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Jun-seok escapes from jail in dystopian South Korea, where he was imprisoned as a result of a failed theft he and his friends executed. The Korean won has plummeted, rendering that haul essentially useless. Jun-seok suggests one last robbery to his best buddies Jang-ho and Ki-hoon in order to get out of their bad situations. Their aim is an illicit gaming establishment that houses large amounts of US currency. Sang-soo, who is now employed at the gaming establishment, is recruited by the three. After obtaining guns from Bong-sik, a buddy Jun-seok knew in jail, the quartet proceeds with the robbery, which ends in a chaotic but successful manner. They seize a significant quantity of money as well as the gambling establishment's surveillance hard drives, which include evidence of shady deals between the gambling establishment's owners and different criminals. Sang-soo asks to stay in the city a bit longer after the heist in order to continue working at the gambling establishment and avoid attracting suspicion. The three departs towards Ki-parents' hoon's house. The proprietors of the gaming establishment are dissatisfied with the disappearance of the surveillance hard drives. They hire contract assassin Han to track down the four and collect the hard discs. Han pays a visit to Bong-sik, compels him to contact Jun-seok, revealing the trio's present position, and then murders him. Han pursues Sang-soo and murders him off-screen before stealing his phone. Jun-seok awakens from a nightmare and enters a bar. He receives a call on Sang-phone, soo's but when he realises that someone else within the bar has his phone, he panics and pushes Jang-ho and Ki-hoon to run, knowing that someone is looking for them. In an attempt to escape the lodge, Han shoots Jang-ho, causing the automobile to crash. Before continuing his pursuit, Han gives the trio a 5-minute head start, and they go to the hospital to treat Jang-injuries. ho's Jun-seok saw Han arriving to the hospital while they are resting. The trio hotwire Han's vehicle and discover that it is a police cruiser with access to the city's security cameras. They try to strike a deal with Han, assuming he is a cop, but he refuses. Han is detained by the police, but he is released on the road on the instructions of the police chief. The three arrive at the port, where they must remain until morning. Ki-hoon returns to his parents' house, suspecting that his parents are in trouble, bidding farewell to Jun-seok, who is outside. When Jun-seok arrives home at dark, he notices an unusual automobile at the door and realises Han has arrived. Jun-seok and Jang-ho flee Han and rush to a neighbouring automobile, but Han shoots them down before Jang-ho can start the car. Jun-seok claims that battling Han is their only way out. During the shootout, Han repeatedly shoots Jang-ho, who ultimately succumbs to his injuries. As Han is ready to shoot Jun-seok, a gang of masked men led by Bong-identical sik's brother Bong-soo arrives to murder Han in retaliation for his brother's death. The disguised guys shoot Han many times, and he falls off the docks into the water. Jun-seok sails the boat to Kenting, Taiwan, before daybreak, where he remains for a while, but he can't get over the loss of his companions. He requests information on everyone associated with the gambling establishment and discovers that Han has survived. Ki-hoon did not live after coming home, it is also discovered. Jun-seok, who has improved his gun skills, realises he will never be able to escape Han and goes to South Korea to confront him. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 