hey guys, welcome back to the channel. so you're trapped at 30 000 feet in an airplane with a bunch of highly venomous snakes. what do you do? well, that's exactly the plot of snakes on a plane, which, in case you guys haven't seen it, is a movie that's very thrilling and pretty hilarious with plenty of memorable moments. and in this video, we'll take a look at how you can beat this deadly situation and survive until the end. but how did they get here? well in the movie, we follow sean as he goes biking in hawaii. when he takes a short break, he walks by this bridge. only seconds later, a man is thrown down from it, hanging by his legs. then numerous gangsters come and kill the man. sean witnesses all of this and just barely manages to escape. in the following days, he sees on the news that the man responsible for the killing is a very violent mob boss by the name of eddie kim. and eventually the criminals start coming after him since he knows too much and might talk to the police. one day he realizes that they're breaking into his house with the intent to kill him there, he narrowly gets rescued by the fbi agent neville flynn, who then pressures him into testifying against the criminals since it's the only chance to send the big, evil crime boss to prison. however, they need to fly to los angeles, since that's where he's being prosecuted. so neville and sean take a commercial flight to la. but on the plane, the criminals have planted a big package filled with wild snakes that get released shortly after takeoff. that way they think they'll kill everyone inside, and shawn won't be able to testify. and it was already a little bit weird that the snakes got on the plane. the way it was done is that the gang members bribed a few workers. but there's almost no security on the flight, which you wouldn't really expect from the fbi when they're escorting a key witness. neville simply goes on the flight and that's pretty much it. but the man that sean is testifying against is notoriously well known for his extreme methods. virtually the only security that's there are these two fbi agents, which is far too little. i mean, they already saw that the criminals know who sean is and are following him around. we saw that they're willing to go very far to take him out. so to have such bare security is already very risky. they don't check for anything dangerous like explosives, and just go on a regular commercial flight, which any one of the criminals can easily infiltrate, especially since they're so well connected. so having a little bit more security would go a long way. the one regular security guard almost even notices the snakes, but ends up thinking it's just a cat. anyways, after the plane takes off, it takes roughly 25 minutes until the snakes start attacking people. the first ones that get bitten are a couple that are becoming members of the mile high club. and this scene is pretty wild, i'm not gonna lie. they're doing their thing in the airplane bathroom, and we see the snakes come out of a small hole at the top. they then bite the dude in the neck, and the girl and the you know. and this leads into an important point that could help you survive longer. try to cover up all these small entry points. this is one of the easiest ways to stop the spread of the snakes, closing the few holes in the bathroom could already create numerous safe havens where you would be free from the snake attacks and would be much easier to secure the other bathrooms. the hole the snakes came through here was created because this genius ripped out the smoke detector to light up some grass. but the other ones would still have them in, and therefore one fewer entry point. so the couple gets bitten, then falls to the floor. and it might seem like it's impossible for them to warn the others since they pass away so quickly. however, they should have quite a bit of time until they actually die. the fastest acting lethal venom and snakes that i found comes from the black mamba. the snake injects up to 12 times the lethal amount of humans, and it takes roughly 20 minutes to die from it. let's assume that it was that snake that bit them, which, by the way, it wasn't, but that doesn't matter. so if they have at least 20 minutes until they die, they could have easily come back out and alert everyone that there are snakes in the cabin. this could be an important step that saves many lives, because the snakes, at least in the beginning, only hang out an economy class, but the first class remains pretty much untouched. and the first class section is almost empty because that's where neville is sitting with sean. so the couple in the bathroom can warn everybody early on so that they can rapidly make their way into first class. but of course, if that happens, we don't have a movie. as the flight continues, it takes the snakes a few more minutes until the next person gets killed. and it again happens in a stall, different one. this time, the man goes in there to pee, and we see one of the snakes coming out of the toilet. i don't quite know how the snakes got into the plumbing system to come out of a toilet, but apparently they did. so he pees a little on the snake, after which it bites them right in the dick. yeah, this movie is not exactly classy. and this guy does the worst thing you can possibly do. the snake is biting into his junk, and he starts pulling at it. don't ever do that. when you look at a snake's mouth, you can see that the poisonous fangs are shaped like a hook that goes inside, meaning that you can't possibly remove a snake by pulling it like this without seriously injuring yourself. what this will do is cause the teeth to dig in deeper into your crotch, creating a huge wound that will tear into your tissue. there are numerous ways that you can fight back against the snake in this situation. one way is to attack its vulnerable areas. for a snake, that means biting into the tail, which causes them a lot of pain and should make them stop biting. you can also use your fingers to go for the eyes, which are also very sensitive. these are two ways you can free yourself with a higher likelihood of getting away alive, with all your body parts still intact. anyways, after the captain notices two small snakes in his cockpit, one of them causes an electric malfunction, leading to the oxygen mass to drop, and with them a bunch of snakes that have been lingering above them. this is the first time where everybody notices that there is a total infestation of snakes which they need to get rid of. here we see many different passengers getting attacked, and they all have the same approach when getting bitten. each one of them pulls at the snake, but as we already discussed, the shape of the snake's teeth won't allow you to just pull it off. the only way to push it away from you is to force the snake deeper into whatever it's biting. by pushing it further, you can get your tissue off the fangs. this means that you can possibly avoid the poisonous shooting out. then you can force its mouth open and get it off. next up, we see neville's partner getting bit, and he eventually dies from his fight while lying in a chair. this opens up another possibility for you to be more safe going forward. we see that he's wearing a jacket with two layers. what you can do is take thicker clothing like this from the people who already died and wear it over yourself. that way you have a little bit more protection against the fights. most of the people on the flight aren't wearing that much, since they're flying from sunny hawaii to sunny la, and it's not uncommon for them to dress very lightly. but that makes it all the more important to take thicker jackets like this when you see them, it might just protect you from the bites of the chest, and it's an easy way to increase your chance of survival. something else that's important is to not provoke the snakes, since they usually only attack when they're cornered or feel threatened. of course, keeping your distance is a little bit more difficult on a plane, but try to create as much distance between you and the snakes as fast as possible. that means running up to first class. however, something that works against our protagonists here is that the snakes have been sprayed with certain pheromones that make them more aggressive, because they usually wouldn't just attack people. especially from what i found, the more toxic ones are less likely to bite. but because they have been agitated, they're out to kill. the way they have been injected with these chemicals is that they were on the lace that people are wearing. all of them have been doused on an odorless chemical that makes the snakes a lot more aggressive. so they should quickly get rid of any additional lace and stay away from them to avoid making them any more likely to attack. this is because neville remarks, something up there is making them go crazy. no [ __ ] they're attacking everybody and everything up here. they're especially fond of those [ __ ] lays. so if the lays are all the way in the back of the plane, by the explanation that we're given, that's where the snakes would be drawn to. anyways, eventually, they all finally make their way towards the front of the plane and create a small barrier between them and the snakes in the back. however, there are still plenty of mistakes made and opportunities missed to keep themselves safe. for example, we see that one of the big guys got bitten in the ass. so the male flight attendant suggests that he sucks out the poison. i know it sounds weird, but trust me, it's a fun movie to watch. the guy obviously says no, since he doesn't want a dude to suck his butt. and it might seem like he's immature and wrong, but he's actually right, because you can't just suck out the venom out of a snake bite. that's mostly a myth, and it's highly ineffective. snake venom goes into your bloodstream very quickly, so you can't just suck it back out. what you should do is remain calm and keep your heart rate down. by doing that, you slow the spread of the venom in your body. if you were to panic and run around screaming for help, you increase your heart rate, blood pumps faster through your system, the poison spreads much quicker, and you die sooner. so by staying calm, you buy yourself a lot more time. there's also an advantage that many of us have, that only a few of the people in the movie have, and that is that we all carry around a camera on our smartphones. this can be crucial to your survival, because it allows the people on the ground that are trying to help to find the correct anti-venom. chances are you have no clue what kind of snakes these are, and neither do i. but you don't have to just quickly snap a picture of which one attacked you and show that to the police. otherwise, with all these different kinds of snakes, which are from all over the world, it's going to be next to impossible to find the right antidote. so then we see a young kid with a very swollen hand, which he got from one of the snakes biting him. in order to help a woman start sucking out some of the venom from the hand. and like i said, don't do this, not just because it's highly ineffective, but if you have any kind of small cut or injury in your mouth, it's going to be very easy to get infected with a venom if you suck a little bit of it out. and in this scenario where there's turbulence and snakes and everybody's running around, it's not unlikely that you might get a small bruise inside your mouth. so do not attempt this. now, even though they have barricaded themselves into the front of the plane and blocked the entrances with pieces of luggage, the snakes still manage to advance. their solution to this is taking glass bottles and breaking them. they then take their sharp glass to a stick and poke at the animals. even though this is a good start, it doesn't stop them from coming closer. what they can do to potentially stop their approaches is to use a snake's own strength against it. they have a very fine sense of smell, and there are a few odors which completely repel them. one of the biggest ones is ammonia. so if they have some sort of spray that includes ammonia, that can pretty much keep the snakes at bay the whole time. and ammonia is commonly found in all sorts of cleaners, window cleaners toilet cleaners, drain cleaners, all that sort of stuff. but it's not entirely clear if they have access to those. at one point we do see one of the flight attendants conveniently grabbing a big spray bottle of what i assume to be some kind of cleaning product. but other than that, they might not have something with a lot of ammonia. so another good option is alcohol. snakes don't really like that scent either, so it's also a good repellent. and they easily have access to various types of hard liquors and alcoholic drinks, which would keep the snakes away. even if they don't, one of the passengers is shown to carry around a lot of hand sanitizer. all right, look, we gotta make sure we got some motive. all right. and one of the main ingredients in hand sanitizer tends to be some kind of disinfectant alcohol. they can also get some kind of rubbing alcohol from a first aid kit. armed with these household products, it would be possible to keep the snakes from attacking you. and if you find a way to put the alcohol in some kind of a spray bottle, you should be pretty much set. instead, what they do is use a fire extinguisher to keep them away, which, while effective for a few seconds, won't keep you safe for long. also, the safest place seems to be up the stairs, where sean is sitting all alone. there are zero snakes up there, and it takes them the longest to get there. but by having everybody downstairs, even when they're not doing anything, they risk losing more lives. they could at least light a few other people up so they can be safe from the snakes. it would be especially helpful if the ones that are bitten can stay upstairs with sean. that way they wouldn't be fighting any snakes, and they could relax, which slows down their heartbeat and therefore also the spread of the venom that would buy the infected more time before they die. so neville gets a call on the phone and is talking to a snake expert that authorities on the ground have contacted. he explains that they must know which kind of snakes there are so that they can get the right anti-venom. while he's on the phone, the people downstairs lose their patience and storm the upper deck to see why it's being held empty. sean then explains the situation that he's in, that he has to testify against eddie kim, the crime boss who threw the guy off the bridge. neville then tells them that if they want to live, they must collect all the dead snakes so they can tell the guy on the phone what attacked them. then comes probably the funniest moment in the entire movie. the pilot is flying the plane when suddenly one of the snakes bites his arm. he gets up and tries to pull it off, but it's not even the snake that really hurts him. he falls down into this lower room through a door in the floor, which they opened like 40 minutes ago to check on the electronics when they first went out. i still wonder why they decided to keep this big hatch open, since it's just asking for someone to trip into it. this injury was almost unavoidable, except that they maybe, oh, i don't know, close this random ass hole, which has literally no reason to be open in the first place. meanwhile, downstairs, sean decides to help everyone out by snapping the snakes with someone's carry-on bag. the snakes, by the way, have made their way to the front of the plane. this is, once again pretty ineffective, since the bags are really soft. we saw a much better technique earlier, where the friend of the guy who got bit in the ass ripped off a tray table and used that to kill the snakes. since it's a much harder surface, it allows them to do more damage. and since tray tables are literally everywhere, sean would be much better off using one of those to protect himself. after fighting them off for a bit, sean and the flight attendants finally decide to let everyone upstairs, something they could have done much earlier. and as we can see, all of these people are really stressed out, and the higher heart rate will lead to a faster death among the ones already bitten. so while they're all on the stairs, there's this absolute behemoth of the snake that's like 30 feet long that plops on the floor. and then this happens. this moment just hurts my head because i don't understand why everyone is just standing on the stairs, not moving forward. there's a really simple way not to fall here, and that is maybe helping up the guy who's, i don't know, doing the worm on the stairs, literally blocking everyone from going forward. just help him up or trample over him, but don't just stand there. also, it's pretty obvious that the small, skinny staircase isn't meant to hold 10 people all leaning and pushing against the same railing over and over again. by the way, guys, i usually don't like to brag, but on that last video, i did get first comment, just pointing it out. anyways, it breaks, and a bunch of people fall on random sharp objects and die. while they're down there, the big snake approaches, and a businessman gets strangled by the snake. and here there's just a quick tip, try to hold your breath as long as possible. every time you breathe out, it gives the snake more room to pull tighter and tighter until you suffocate. since we saw that there are numerous sharp objects lying around, it wouldn't be too difficult to stab the snake with one of them, which might cause it to ease up. but they all decide to leave him alone and run away, leading the snake to eat him in probably the best way possible. i wonder how it's going to eat his shoulders. will it just get wider? well, now, all of a sudden, the others are finally capable of moving up the stairs like normal people. somehow nobody stopped to do advanced gymnastics on the steps this time. i'm so proud of them. back in the cockpit where neville and one of the flight attendants have been flying for a bit, the pilot who passed out in the trap door wakes back up and comes back out. he sits down to fly again, and the woman uses that thing around her neck, i don't know what you call it, i don't really care either, but she uses it to make a tourniquet on his arm where he got bitten by the snake. and this is, again, a pretty big mistake. don't do this, as it's pretty dangerous and doesn't work. it seems intuitive, since it cuts off the blood flow, but you're seriously risking getting badly hurt. the pilot then tells neville and claire that he got this and they can go back outside to help everyone. but this is another bad idea. it's clear that he's very tired. he's got a head injury from falling down the hole, and he's bitten by a venomous snake. somebody should stay with him to watch him, to make sure that he stays alright. like the other flight attendant who's just standing around screaming at people. she can stay in there to keep an eye on him, since he's one of the most important people on the plane. and you can see that he's like two minutes away from passing out again. meanwhile, the police on the ground tracked down an illegal snake dealer who helped with this attack. they forced him to tell him about all the different snakes that made it on board, and eventually he gives them a list. on the plane, neville gets a call from the police who tells him the good news. however, just as everything seems alright, they then find out that the pilot is dead, and there are a bunch of snakes in the cockpit, something that would have been avoidable if any one of the flight attendants or passengers would have been in there with him. since he's dead and not capable of flying because he's dead, one of the passengers needs to fly. but luckily, it seems like one of them can actually fly a plane. but they're still the issue of the snakes in the cockpit, which neville must get rid of. and this leads to the best line in the whole movie. enough is enough. i have had it with these [ __ ] snakes on this [ __ ] plane. everybody strap in. i'm about to open some [ __ ] windows. yes, he decides that it's the best option to shoot out a window so that all the snakes will fly out. and this is a hilariously stupid idea, but it's so funny that i'll gladly let it slide. also, i don't have a better idea. so everybody puts on their seat belts, and neville shoots a hole in the plane. the snakes fly out, and they make their way into the cockpit and close the door. but wait, these 300 iq flight attendants thought they would just hold on to a railing instead of getting into a seat and strapping in. so they're about to fly off because they can't hold on. why they didn't just go into one of the 20 open first class seats, i don't know. it's a totally viable option that would keep them safe instead of almost flying out of the hole. themselves. but after they fly a little lower and the pressure eases, everyone seems to be alright. then it's revealed that the guy flying the plane doesn't actually have any real flight experience. he just played a couple of flying video games on a playstation 2 a few times, and now he thought he could successfully land a real plane, while since the cgi in the movie looks like ps2, he should feel right at home. and even though he came in a little too fast, he does manage to land it successfully. they then get out of the plane and get the correct anti-venoms. after all of that, neville and sean go surfing. and that's the end of the movie. like i said, it's pretty funny and tense, and there are even a couple of jump scares. if you haven't seen it, definitely check it out. so those were a few ways to beat the movie. i hope you liked it and that i get to see you in the next video. bye, guys. 