welcome to the man of recaps its daredevil, season two. by night, daredevil protects the innocent with his fists, and by day, Matt Murdock protects the innocent with his law degree. the Irish mob is having a meeting, and you know they're the Irish mob because they've got lots of potato and corned beef. and then in case, they're like, with fist gun and the other gangs, we're going to rule the city now. oh, we're shot. oh what? someone's shooting off the entire mob, getting all of it. and goon. what a bloodbath. there's one Irish survivor. he tracks down Nelson and Murdock to try to get legal protection. and this one survivors like, yeah, it was just one guy. who's this one guy? it's the Punisher. so he goes to kill the Irish survivor, and he's shooting at him and Taryn, and they get away in the car, but he's ready to snipe him, but just then, BOOM, daredevil comes in. they have a little fight, and they're going toe-to-toe, but then pressure pulls a gun. he's like, yeah, I use guns. bang, shoots him in the head. I know it just grazed him, though. he's okay. Irish guys making a deal. they want him to wear a wire for a meeting. but turns out they're just using him as bait, because district attorney Reyes wants the Punisher. sure enough, the Punisher shows up. what? daredevil shows up again. they have a fight, round two, and the Punisher wins. this time. he ties daredevil up on the roof, and we finally get to see him. Oh, what up? it's Shane from walking dead. he's like, look, daredevil, you might not feel bad guys, but I do. so deal with it. then he blows up the bikes of the dogs of hell. he's gonna live them all out and shoot them, but their duel breaks free, and they have a fight again. nuts about this time. but the dogs of Hell are coming up and they're pissed. so it's time for another one. take hallway fight scene. yeah, Daredevils taken, but this one spilled down into the staircase. he fights his way all the way down, and he makes it out. now, the big Irish boss is back in town, and he's very displeased with how things are going. he sends everyone out to full-on track the Punisher, and they find his apartment, but he's gone, because he's living in a van down by the river. they do track him to the carousel park, by the way, and they're like, we're taking you in. shoots a bunch of them, but they tase him, so they bring them in and they're like, look, tell us where our money is there I'm going to drill your dog. he's like, what? that's crazy. it's in my van down by the river. so they find it, but then it's bombed. it explodes all the money in those guys. he breaks free, and he's like, I let myself get captured because I want to kill all you. daredevil comes in to help, and they fight for a bit together, but then he's like, no, no. killing Punisher is pretty beat up, though. so it brings him to a cemetery where the cops come. he's like, I got the Punisher for you. I'm just going to head on out of here. and so the day is saved. and Matt and Karen's start making how well that's happening. so it's all happy, until Bulova throwing knives out of all of this. it's Elektra Electro's mask college girlfriend, and she was super rich, and she was also a good fight so they, you know, had some really great boxing ring sex, and then they were super in love, until one day she caught the mobster who killed math dad. and they beat him up for a while, and she's like, yes, now kill him and he's like, no, I don't kill people. and she's like, dill and broke up with him. she's like, hey, I'm in town fighting the Yakuza. hope you brought your super suit. so daredevil in Electra beat up the Yakuza together. and she's like, oh, man, I love killing. he's like, look, you need to get out of here. she's like, let's help me fight the Yakuza. that'll leave New York. now, Karen is digging for info on the Punisher. she goes to this reporter, and they look around. turns out he was an ace war hero with the good family that got shot up in some gangland violence. and it looks like there's a big cover-up. Nelson and Murdock decide to take the Punisher case because they want to get to the truth. but da Reyes isn't happy about that. she wanted him to go away as fast as possible. Matt and Electra I go to a fancy Yakuza party. they're trying to get the key card from this one accountant, but he's being watched. so matt has to pull a blind card and accidentally spill wine on him. so in the bathroom, you could beat him up, take his key card. they go up and they find the secret ledger, and then pull the whole don't mind us, we were just having sex in your thing. to escape. the ledger leads them to the building from season one that nobody wanted so badly. you killed that old Spanish lady after and what are they doing with it? they're digging a giant hole. what? and then, boom, ninjas attack, like literal ninja. and they're fighting an elector against cut. and then they're about to kill daredevil - but who's coming in to save them? stick, yeah, you'll blind man. so they're driving out of there being chased by a horde of actual ninjas shooting at them with bow and arrows. sticks, got a crossbow. I have no idea what genre were in anymore. electors, cut was poisoned, but stick heals her with the magic super Emma D and Max like what is going on here? it sticks. like I told you last season, it's the ancient shadow war between good and evil. they're called the hand. and that's like, though, I don't I don't want to deal with this year crazy old man. meanwhile, The Punisher trial is happening. since max been otherwise occupied, foggy has to take point. he's doing a pretty good job. but Karen swings by math department to see what's up and finds a hot chick in his bed and a crazy old blind dude in his living room. she's like, yeah, I think we're gonna break up. he's like, that seems fair. Matt shows up for the last day of trial, but here's this cop whisper something the Punisher. and the Punisher throws the case. he's like, gamma killer. I love killing. lock me up. so they do. and the first thing they do is take him to see Wilson Fisk. when Fisk first got to prison, this other guy's like, hey, I'm in charge here. but fit starts building his own gang, and he sees an opportunity with the Punisher. he brings him in, and he's like, what? turns out that other boss guys, it was part of the drug deal where your family got killed? until Punisher is like, yeah. so Punisher goes in to grab the guy, and the guy explains how, yeah, he's part a big drug deal between the three gangs and this other heroin dealer called the blacksmith. but the whole thing, it was a sting operation set up by the DA's office. so Punisher killed him, and he goes back that the guards don't let him out. instead, they open all the other dates. Fisk is like, yeah, thanks for taking them out. I own the prison now, and I'm going to let you die. so you know what that means? it's time for another hallway fight. yeah. they're fighting. and because the Punisher doesn't mind killing, this one gets a lot more brutal than the others. and at the end of part, she takes out all those guys because he's just a beast. it feels like, wow, you're really good at killing. I'm gonna let you out. so you kill all the rival gangs while I'm stuck in here. punch his life. as soon as you get out, I'm going to kill you too. and fists like, yeah, seems fair. so after being in jail for one day, Punisher is back on the streets. daredevil goes to see the accountant. he's like, I'm only working with them because they have my son. it leads them to the place where there's like a lot of people being drained of their blood into this big tank thing. what? the ninja shows up, and he's got the sharp chain weapon that no who had in season one. and they have a good fight, but he gets away. and turns out it is Nobu daredevil, like, you I saw you burn to death. then it's like, not son. I'm good. they bring the blood drain ease to the hospital where Daredevils nurse friend, Claire temple works. but when I tied shut off, and they're all standing there super creepily, Claire, Noakes the hell out of there. but there's ninjas coming in, and they stab her friend. they're going to kill her too, but their devil comes in the saber, and they throw Claire out the window. a daredevil jumps out, classic superhero diving, saves the hospital. wants to cover the whole ninja situation up, but Claire doesn't want to, so she resigns. she's ready to go full-time superhero nurse anyway, with the Punisher out of prison. the DA is scared. she admits to how it was a sting operation, and when his family, the civilians, got killed, she tried to cover it up for her political career. but now, boom, she's shot. oh. they got out of there just in time for gets hit in the arm, and DA Reyes is dead. Punisher goes to Karen, he's like, I didn't do it. and to prove it, because someone else starts shooting at him, he saves her life. they go to this diner. he's like, oh, by the way, I'm using you as bait. go hide in the back because guys are coming. when they come, he goes, I'll play blam, blam. they're like, hey, who's framing me? they're like, it's that heroin dealer, the blacksmith. and they tell him he's down by the docks. Punisher gets there first. he's going to shoot the blacksmith, but daredevil shows up again like, no, no killing these who are destined to be best frenemies. but then some more guys show up, and they shoot up the whole boat and pull them explosion all. and it sure looks like the Punisher is and somewhere along the line, by the way, Karen accidentally became a reporter. she's writing an article on the Punisher. so she goes to see one of his old Marine commanders, but she realizes that he is the real blacksmith. he's like, oh, you found out my secret. I gotta kill you. but as they're driving into the woods, a truck crashes into him. it's the Punisher. he survives, and he's here to save her and get revenge. she's like, wait, no. don't kill him though. he's like, one of them keeps saying that I'm definitely just gonna kill him. earlier, Elektra had a fight lipstick. she decides to quit his group. so he sends an assassin to kill her, because there's no quitting. but she when she comes up to fight him, but then two of his men make it to Matt, and they're like, electric time. I'm trying to kill stick. so Matt busting there, he's like, no, don't kill stick. she's like, but I really like killing but just then a bunch of ninjas from the hands show up, and they manage to kidnap stick. daredevil tracks him in their secret lair. he beats up a bunch of ninjas. he frets you stick. but just an electric shows up. she's like, haha, now I'm gonna kill stick. but just then, know who shows up? and he's like, haha, I'm going to bow down to you, Elektra. you are a black sky and rightful leader of the hand-sew Vox guy. it's like that kid from season one. and apparently they're from the hand, and they're killing machines that are born every once in a while or something. and stick bound her and tried to make her into a good guy, but she's like, oh no, it's my destiny to join the hand. and dinner I was like, yo, you're in person. you can do whatever you want. and she's like, no. okay. so they fight the hand together. daredevil has a rematch with noku, and he kicks him off the thing falls to his death. just kidding. he's alive again. daredevil visits his suit guy, who's made him the nunchuck stick throwing things that daredevil uses in the comics, so that's cool. and then he goes to visit Police Commissioner Gordon, exactly like Batman, I'm telling you. the hand is captured. everyone Daredevils ever saved, including Karen page. so he bust in there, beats him up and saves him. he's like, oh, my god, baby, you all right? and she's like, um, do I know you like that? and he's like, oh, yeah. secret identity. so Elektra comes to and they're fighting a bunch of ninjas, but there's just like an infinite supply of ninjas. and that's like, hey, if we make it out of this, do you want to be my girlfriend for real, like Facebook official and everything? and she's like, yeah, you're sweet. I touch your face. so they have their final showdown with Nobu. they're like, kicking his butt, but then he kicks their butt. and he's about to kill daredevil, but electric jumps in from a sword and takes a form, Oh, self-sacrifice. he's like, electrode, he can't die. she's like, you know, you're right, I can't. I'm already on the cash list for the defenders. but she's dead for now. so daredevil goes after Nobu, but then, boom, his ninjas get shot by the Punisher. he's like, how what's up bro? I told you we'd be best friend. means I got your back. since their double grabs Nobu with his boomerang. I'm just and he throws them off the roof. he falls all the way down. he's definitely dead. JK, he's fine. he gets up, but this time stick is there. he stabs him, and he cuts off his head. that's how you actually kill a guy. Nelson and Murdock went out of business, by the way. so foggy gets a new high-paying job with Jerry Hogarth from Jessica Jones. that's cool. The Punisher goes and grabs this mysterious CD in the hopes that he's cool enough he'll get his own spin-off someday. that goes to Karen. he's like, what's up, baby? my other girlfriend died, so I'm single again. also, I'm daredevil. what up? and the boys go to electors funeral, but grave robbers. oh, the hand took her and put her there. crazy blood. back to things. what's going to happen? I don't know. find out in the defenders. [Music], 