welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your captain paul, aka the guy version of a plane jane. and it's time to turn off your airplane mode, because we're going full spoilers ahead on the flight attendant. the hbo max show has just dropped its season one finale, and throughout this video we're gonna be breaking it all down. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't finished the show yet, then i highly recommend that you take off if you don't want anything ruined. make sure you smash that thumbs up button if you think we've got a good altitude. and don't forget to subscribe to the channel for breakdowns like this every day. terrible. anyway, without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into the flight attendant. okay. so season one follows cassie, a flight attendant who has a one night stand with a first-class passenger from one of her flights. the next day, she wakes up with little memory of what happened the night before, and to her surprise, finds him dead in the bed beside her. it's enough to give you a receding airline. and rather than hanging around at the crime scene, she ends up bowing boeing gun. all she knows is that he was sat in c3c. i wish someone would kill three c films because he's taking all me bloody views. anyway, i'll stop with the puns now. and the season follows her as she tries to unearth the mystery behind who did it, whilst she's pursued by not only the fbi, but also a mysterious woman named miranda. now miranda was actually going to be played by sonia mizuno, but the show recast her role with michelle gomez due to the creative team wanting more of a villain type. i do think that gomez works really well, and fans of chilling adventures of sabrina will instantly recognize her as one of the great bad guys in that show. now, cassie is also an alcoholic, and because of her poor grip on reality, she slips into what may or may not be a fantasy in which she talks to alex, the man from 3c. to me, alex represents her subconscious and he appears as someone like her father, who lost their life at a young age due to their actions. and this specter makes her confront her issues. alex, at one point says he's not the man she met in that hotel room. and thus we can't take it. there's no real supernatural element to what's going on. the showrunner referred to this as cassie's mind place, and it's more somewhere that we can hear her in a dialogue, without just hearing cassie's voice whilst her lips are closed. now, cassie can often be found here denying that she's an alcoholic. and at several points we discover that she lies to herself and remembers things incorrectly in order to shield herself from the truth. we discover that cassie's father died during a drink driving accident, whilst she was also in the car, and that she feels responsible for this because the pair were drinking buddies. upon exiting the vehicle, a small rabbit ran up to her, and this, like alex, has been a ghost that's haunted her for some time. rabbits are actually laced throughout the show, and even the cool intro graphics contain them chasing after what appears to be cass this kind of hints at the show's true meaning is about childhood trauma and how it can lead to addiction, and that this can cause problems that continue throughout someone's life. this leads the good time girl getting herself into a lot of trouble, and it quickly becomes apparent that there are bigger things going on than she's truly able to comprehend. now the show is very frantically edited. and though i don't think that it's necessarily for everyone, it must be doing something right, as it's currently the most popular hbo max show. it's already been greenlit for a second season, and there are a lot of things to talk about in regards to that too. i'll discuss it all later. but the flight attendant is very hitchcocky and in its core, mystery. and every episode seems to unearth something about the key characters in it that paint them out in a new light. now, nowhere is this scene more than in miranda. and initially she seems like an antagonist, but we actually learned that she was one of alex's allies, and that he was killed because he discovered his family were involved with some criminal clients. alex took over 200 million dollars of their money and moved it in order to try and undo all the wrong his family had done. with one good deed, miranda attempted to talk him out of it, which unfortunately fell on deaf ears. now we discover that the character was killed because of a client named victor, who was using his assassin, felix, to tidy up all the loose ends. this was actually unearthed in episode 7, titled hitchcock double, which, in cinema terms, means that characters have doubles and doppelgangers. this was seen in his films like psycho, vertigo and so on. but here it's been used to show that, though initially miranda and cassie were opposites, they're actually on the same side. we discover that alex hid the codes to the accounts in his copy of crime and punishment. and just the name of this novel, of course, shows the mind state that he had when carrying out the deed. now the plot of this book involves a man committing a crime in order to get money, which he promises to use to pay back to society once he gets higher up the social chain. it really asks the question whether doing something bad can actually have a positive outcome. and it's clearly something that alex wrestled with. he likely thought that stealing the money would mean he could make a positive change after his family benefited from being criminals. and though we never got a chance to see the outcome, he sort of becomes an inspiration for what's to come after killing the character. felix, was unable to find the work because cassie took the buck with her when she left the room. and thus we learned he'd been stalking her to discover where the money was. miranda realizes that they're living on borrowed time and tries to get cassie to run away with her. and this means that they'll be constantly looking over their shoulder. however, they will still be alive. cassie agrees, and they go to an alcoholics anonymous meeting, which is somewhat of a cathartic experience for the character, as she's still in denial about her drinking problem. this meeting causes her to have a panic attack as she recalls her father's death. and later we discover that the entire time, she's blamed herself for his passing, because she sees herself as someone that enabled his drinking as an audience, though we know that isn't the case, and it's actually her father who was looking for someone to use as a crush so that he could continue with his addiction. this is why he hated his son and cassie's brother so much, because he was the one person who wouldn't get involved with his activity. because cassie ran away after her father died, it's caused a sort of reflex and pattern of behavior in her that means every time something gets difficult, her first instinct is to run. now whilst this works in the short term, a lifetime of doing this means that person becomes ill-equipped with dealing with actual problems. and cassie realizes she always runs when things get tough because she's faced the truth of the matter head-on. she decides to break the habit of a lifetime. and with miranda, they come up with a new plan. this involves using her as bait, and together they'll travel to rome and finally put an end to it all. miranda wants to make one last pit stop and goes to kill victor. however, she's injured and thus misses the flight. miranda does eventually go to help her. and this is a real defining moment for the character, in which he stops being so selfish and actually wants to do a good deed for someone else, likely inspired by alex and cassie. left on her own in a foreign country, cassie goes to a barman named enrico that she met earlier in the season. this actually leads to a defining moment. after speaking with his grandmother, she confronts her past once and for all, and dumps all of the bottles of vodka that she'd taken, vowing not to drink again. cassie and enrico go to a hotel room, which is when things really hit the fan, and felix attempts to kill them both. however, a big twist comes when it's revealed that cassie's co-worker, shane, is actually a cia agent. and he comes in in an almost deus ex machina form to shoot felix and save the day. he survives, which could mean that he's gonna be around for season two. but finally, being set free means that cassie can right the wrongs of the past, and she repairs her relationship with her brother. now turns out that shane was actually brought on board to monitor megan, who was accidentally given federal secrets to the korean government, and therefore she's committed treason. megan thought that she was just giving information about her husband's company to a rival one, but it actually goes far beyond that. for quite some time, she's been carrying out illegal activities. and this escalated to the point that things got beyond her control, and she's now wanted by the us. in an interview with variety, showrunner steve jockey talked about her arc and said the following, we always pitched megan as the star of our own little movie that's running inside her head. this is, of course, reflected in the speech in which he says she saw herself as a sort of spy. and jockey continued by stating, in a traditional thriller, you're like, when is this megan's story going to cross with the a story? when are we going to find out that megan is actually part of the weapon smuggling or that she works for lionfish? but our choice in the writer's room, because we were playing fast and loose with these thriller tropes, was, what if his story never crosses with the plot. what if instead, it crosses it in an emotional way? so that's why we ended up with the two of them sitting with each other in the finale. and really out of that conversation, they realized all of the ways that they are the same, and they realized they have to fix this for themselves. megan really cements the decision that she's going to run away and figure out how to make this better. he'll leave that conversation changed. but from the beginning, cassie didn't want to be involved in this at all and was stumbling through it, whilst megan, on the other hand, really went into this with her eyes opened and thought she could handle it on her own. thus, megan's issues, in which things all went out of control, also reflect cassie's addiction, and it's clear that the pair realized they share some common ground. megan goes on the run, but she leaves behind the flash drive in order to save her husband from the crime that she committed. megan says goodbye to her son and then flees, likely living the life that cassie would have had had she not confronted her problems. in the end, we discover that cassie has started to attend alcoholics anonymous meetings, and that she's received her first chip, which shows she's willing to work at it. you see her almost take a drink on board a flight, but she puts it back. and it's also at this point that things start looking brighter for her. she could have spiraled into getting drunk once more, but this putting it to the side opens up new opportunities. and shane returns to his post and says the cia want her to work as a human asset on their team. cassie goes back to the hotel room in her mind, and we see that alex is no longer there. this shows that she is finally free of the sight of her that was making her confront her own trauma, and that she's finally managed to get over it. the lights go out, and she returns to the bed to find alex's crime and punishment book, which he picks up. now that ends the season. but if we flash back to earlier in the episode, we saw that this was actually placed into a code by miranda, and therefore something has to be going on here. we learned that miranda had taken the bank information out, but she left it out, saying that she will see her soon. opposite the page, we can also see the line discussing how one tiny bad deed can be wiped out by a thousand good ones, which shows that she has turned a page. that. okay, that was a pretty bad pun. i have seen some people taking this as miranda going off and living the high life. however, i think that she will have been inspired by alex i will instead use this money to help other people. we saw on the plane that she questioned why she was going to help cassie, even though she tied up all the loose ends her side. so i think this hints out what will be happening with her down the line. when discussing things with collider yoki said that cassie picking this up at the end symbolizes how much the work reflected the journey she's been on, and that this could be why we see her smirking in the closing scene. as for season two, it was officially greenlit on the 18th of december, and judging by the previous production schedule, we can expect the follow-up to air early 2022. season one started filming in november of last year, but as things haven't begun production yet, i would say that's the safest bet. now, though we know little about the plot details, i think that the second season will take a big focus on megan. and with most of cassie's issues resolved, it makes sense to focus on someone who still has a lot of problems. megan was, of course, a flight attendant too, so they wouldn't even have to change the title in order to make it work. i doubt that cassie will be cast to the side though, and miranda will probably come back to reveal what she has in store for the character. you also know that felix is alive. and judging by how skilled he was, uh, i can't see him being chained up for too long. now, either way, it's gonna be great to see the characters back. i'll of course, keep you up to date with what's going on as we get more announcements. don't forget that on the 30th of december, we're giving away three copies of the lord of the rings 4k box set to our subscribers. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the mandalorian finale, which will be linked on screen right now. we go over the entire thing from top to bottom, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. without the way, thank you for sitting through the video. we had a spot of bother back there, but we're through the worst of it now. so sit back, put your feet up and relax as we enjoy the rest of the flight. take care. 