hello. what's going on guys? welcome back for another show. today I'm going to show you a thriller film series I am Legend. in 2009, a genetically re-engineered virus, originally used as a cure for cancer, later turns lethal and spreads over the mankind. the New York City has been blocked up for quarantine. Robert, as a virus expert, decides to stay behind for the Cure research, but instead sends her family out for safe we'll all get killed to a helicopter crash during evacuation. three years after the outbreak, the prosperous Manhattan dies down like a hell. the virus kills 90% of the world's population and turns nine percent into vampires, the cannibalistic mutants who are extremely vulnerable to sunlight. the remaining 1% are immune to the virus and of the prey of the mutants. Robert lives an isolated life with his dog Sam in the deserted Manhattan, unsure if any other uninfected humans are left. Robert keeps his daily routine, searching out for food and supplies during the daylight, while, before the night falls, with medical alcohol sprayed in order to clear up human smell. he locks himself up inside his heavily fortified house to hide from the mutants who search out for the remaining humans only under the cover of darkness, hoping to find a cure to the virus. he keeps experimenting the infected rats with his own serum, but fails for numerous times, until the day he happens to test and successful subject, which turns into further experiment on the mutants. one day, as a routine, he takes Sam out searching for some supplies and waits at the port for any immune humans who might respond to his continuous radio broadcast. well, at that time, exams spots out and follows a dear Robert cautiously goes after her into a dark building, where he finds the building is infested by the mutants. they both escaped out not harmed, while the attacking mutant is killed by the sunlight. Robert later sets a snare trap with his blood and captures a female mutant. the mutant boss gets annoyed and want to go after him, but it's blocked by the sunlight. with the female mutant taken back to his basement laboratory, Robert treats her with his syrup, but without any success. the next day, when he's out with Sam for the routine, he gets ensnared in a trap similar to the one he used to capture the female mutant. he passes out from the hit and gets hung up in the mid air. while the Sun is setting, he wakes up and struggles to free himself from the rope. unfortunately, he breaks his leg. and tries hard to approach his car under cover of the last beam of sunlight, which stops the infected dogs could not wait any longer for the attacks. after the sunlight Thole fades out, the infected dogs launch their attacks at Robert. with a help from Sam, Robert gets his gun from the car and eliminate all of them, but Sam is bitten during the fight. back to his laboratory, Robert hurries to injects her with a strand of his serum, hoping to stop the infection. but when Sam shows signs of infection, Robert is forced to choke her to death before she turns. heartbroken and driven by rage, robert ventures out the following night and deliberately attacks a group of mutants to come after him in countless number. at last, his car has flipped upside down, and Robert is confined inside, facing the death desperately. but right then, with a beam of sunlight, Robert is rescued by some immune humans. after he wakes up in the morning, only finds he's in the home of a mother and her son, who have traveled from Maryland after hearing his broadcast later that day. Robert shows the mother Anna how he's trapped by the mutants. to their shock, they find the mutant even evolves with human intelligence, as enlightened by her son playing in the pool. Robert figures out he can improve the vaccine effect through physical cooling. so he places the female mutant on top of the ice for more experiment, while anna tells robert to make their way to a survivors camp. robert argues angrily that no such survivors camp exists. the only hope left is find the cure. during their argument, a group of mutants who followed anna back the night before come to attack the house. robert turns on the sun light beam immediately, which is instead broken down by the new without any choice, he has to detonate a bomb, blowing up many with its burning flame. but Roberts soon attacked by the mutant boss, who's struck out of the house by the violent gunfire. he then calls in more Muse to join the attack. Robert rushes Ana and her son to the basement laboratory where he discovers that the cooling treatment on the female is successful. however, the mutants are soon breaking into the basement. the mutant boss rams himself against the glass door, violently, ignoring the fact that Robert has found the cure for all of the mutants. the boss still goes on rampage, for Robert has taken his daughter. after realizing this, Robert places aside his gun and takes the female mutant out of the classroom. reunited with his long separated daughter, the boss cools down and shows his pity over his daughter, which shocks Robert, for that he's never thought the mutant can even evolve with human emotions. the boss takes his daughter away together with his mutant army. Robert becomes to realize that humans themselves are the real monsters who keep hunting the mutants for the so-called research. in the end, Robert decides to stop his experiment and heads out of the mutant city to find his own human community. this is Daniel cc. movie review. bye. 