theythey took Dalia apricot them. what you all do these son everything. okay, yeah. it's just, that's just French, right? hey guys. it's my favorite day of the week. it's time to talk preacher season two. as always, you can find me on Twitter at Ryan Eric P and if you're like me and you enjoy watching a whole lot of TV, be sure to subscribe to this channel, because we talked a whole lot more than just preacher. that's right. we're also talking about Twin Peaks and, starting next week, Game of Thrones. but back to preacher. I just finished episode 4. it was pretty damn awesome. so let's talk about episode 4. focused on two storylines that have developed in season two, tulips past and Eugene's time in hell. and obviously, Jesse's still searching for God. the episode is aptly titled Victor, and that's where we start off, when tulip is getting picked up by Victor's men. we are soon introduced to Victor himself, and he seems to be rather intimidating. I thoroughly enjoyed hearing the off-screen torture session going on in the room next door, while tulip was waiting for him. clearly, you don't want to get on this guy's bad side. what are we gonna do with you? so a pretty cool introduction to Victor. next we're in hell, and it's a maximum-security prison. in fact, each cell is a different person's personal health or worst memory. in the hallway, Eugene meets Hitler, as well as some others, including what seems to be an 80s high school bully with a popped collar. Eugene ends up getting locked out of a cell and actually decides to join Hitler in his own come in my head if you want. bold, move, Eugene, bold move. so Eugene and Hitler immediately get transported to 1919 Munich where Hitler is having lunch with a woman named Elsa. this might be Elsa bruckman, who was a longtime admirer of Hitler and also supported him financially throughout his political career. now it's well known that Hitler wanted to be an artist early on, but for this to be his absolute worst memory speaks to the very, very dark humor that the production team is going for here. even Eugene is disappointed in Hitler's worst memory he'll be of it come back to us, I guess. back in New Orleans, Jesse and Cassidy still haven't heard back from tulip. and Denis is still yelling at Cassidy in French. so what exactly was he saying? he says, quote, why are all these people in my apartment? you are so egotistical. you've been Iike tickle your whole life. huh? why must I put up with this? clearly Denis has quite a conflicted relationship with Cassidy. we have to keep in mind that Cassidy is 119 years old and most likely mistreated Denis in the past. he's just completely fed up with Cassidy's [ __ ]. I have a feeling that Cassidy has done this to a lot of people throughout his long life. side note here, was anyone else annoyed that tulip didn't respond to those text messages? I mean, as simple just, hey, I'm okay. or, hey, I'm hanging out with Victor. or, hey, come find me. anyways, so Cassidy and didn't you're hanging out and watching TV, and they see a very familiar face. it's the fake cut from Jesse's church. he's just an actor in this infomercial. and we also get another hysterical cameo. hi Frankie Muniz. huge talent. more importantly, Jessi and Cassidy find out that the actor's name is Mark Herrick, and he's a local actor in New Orleans. so they finally tracked down his agent, and hilarity ensues. what is this project? it's Game of Thrones. I gotta be honest, I love that game of Thrones reference, even the music they used so much like God. no one knows where the hell mark is. the last time his agent saw him was before he landed the gig to play God back in hell. we get a little more insight into how the underworld works. turns out even hell is underfunded and overcrowded, and the machines in the cells sometimes break down. also, what's worse than your own personal hell? well, the whole and according to superintendent Mannering, eugenie needs to start acting like he's in hell, meaning he can't be the nice, Pleasant, loyal kid that he's always been. also, any idea of who was on the other end of that phone call, who let him out? well, someone better find him, and we'll have to answer, you know, I couldn't help but think that they were talking about the saint of killers as the one that got out of hell. so later on, Jesse and Cassidy get their hands on the audition tape, and it turns out it's more of a snuff film. Marc ended up killing the audition, getting the part and then getting killed himself. he was shot dead in order for him to go to heaven and play God. back in hell, the bully, Tyler, gets into a fight with Hitler, who's become a rather weak in unintimidating figure. everyone else joins in, except for Eugene, but he knows he needs to change in order to survive down here, so he to start speeding up Hitler. it's crazy that in this version of hell, Hitler was the absolute nicest person down there. that's extremely weird to imagine, for one of the world's biggest monsters. the storytellers are actually trying to humanize Hitler and want you to feel bad for him for a second. but we realized it's still Hitler. back in New Orleans, Jesse finally goes out to search for tulip. once he gets to Victor's mansion, he uses the word on pretty much everyone around him, that is, until he gets to Pat's torture room. lucky for Pat, he has his headphones in and is listening to Billy Joel's uptown girl. pat loves good music, loves good torture and is a fan of American Psycho. this final fight scene was pretty damn awesome. Jesse finally takes care of Pat and finds a way to the bedroom, where tulip informed some of who Victor is and why he couldn't marry Jesse in the casino. just a tiny detail that Jesse should have known, maybe. do you think you think he could have told him earlier? the episode ends on a great final shot of the saint of killers walking into New Orleans. the dude is even more persistent than Forrest Gump, and cross country on foot, he'll be at the victor mansion in no time. or maybe it'll take a couple days by how fast he's going. either way, I can't wait to see it. all right, guys, let's end with a couple questions I have that you might be able to answer. as always, you can hit me up on Twitter at Ryan Eric P or just comment right below. number one, who are the other people in hell? we obviously know Hitler, Eugene and Tyler. but what exactly did Tyler do to get down there, besides being a big high school bully and popping his collar? who are the others down there, and what's their story? from what I could see, it looks like there's a caveman and a gypsy. number two, can Jesse use the word on people that speak a different language? like will Danny even understand his commands? we all know that iPods are his worst enemy, but how about foreign speakers? and while we're on the topic, aren't you surprised that Jesse doesn't understand any French given where he grew up in the comics? number three, how many jazz clubs are in New Orleans? exactly. Jesse mentions that he has 137 more left to check out. dude hit up a ton of clubs in his first night. that's a ton of rat water. finally, number four, I love the shot of the Santa killers at the end. we knew he was coming after getting Intel from fear and of course, Jesse's liberal use of the word, but can't this guy just jump in a car? or what about a horse? he has to walk around everywhere. seems like hell to me. alright, guys, so hopefully you can help me out with those questions. and let me know if you have any questions in the comments below or on Twitter. be sure to come back next week for episode 5. and guess what? we're also going to Comic Con. so look out for that stuff. see you next week. 