what's up, your suckers? this is an IGN mate. this is definition here. I tell you, you're a little mug but what you need to do if you're a big Uncharted fan is play Uncharted The Lost Legacy. I'm gonna go through some of the main points of the game. I've noted down, you know, it's not perfect. is a DLC sort of thing that they ended up extending into a full release. and so I'm just gonna break it down and that you decide, mate, if you want to buy it and are. so a couple of problems with the game. when you're playing stealth, there's still not an option where you can, you know, get someone's attention, like you have to wait for them to walk in their Patrol, which is really weird. I know in the Last of Us you could throw bottles and bricks, but you can't do that in this and you've never been able to in the Uncharted game. so I just think it's, it's kind of weird. but you do get rewards for clearing areas in a stealth manner, and which is really good. you also get some added skills, such as your lockpick. and the start of the game is really, really, really good. eventually this goes into an open world section, which you can kind of see Chloe, the the protagonist, is driving about. and it becomes a very dull I thought it was just needless padding. a lot of its quests, like fetch questing, one of them, is absolutely ridiculous to do without a guides. and you know that there's, I didn't realize there was a secret quest as well that I accidentally enrolled myself on, and I thought was part of the main game. and he ended up having to collect another 13 different things. and can you imagine that when he just wanted power through a game and they made you go seven locations to do stuff, and then do another 13 on top of that? so yeah, a lot of it is padding. early on, you think you're making progress in it, but they do keep pulling the rug out from under you. and, you know, it's just the the typical sort of lazy development, I call it, where they've just filled it for the sake of film. now, also, another thing within chart it is that's a staple of the series. you can see things that you want to jump over, like bushes and logs and stuff. but if the game doesn't want you go there it's not going to let you go, so you just can't jump over them. and, you know, it's meant to be open-world, and you may not have a lot of freedom, but these things really limit you. now, more on the good stuff. it's definitely the best climbing that there's ever been in uncharred, and they're one of the best climbing sections I've ever ever played in a game. there's lots of magical moments in it, like at one point you ride an elephant. and it's just a shame that it's got all these magic bits in but the mid-section sold dull. it's also nice that in the game you can take selfies in pictures, and you can look at them. it. it sort of is a commentary on how self-obsessed the world has become that you can't even play through a game now without taking a selfie. you absolutely dull, idiot. it's, it's sort of, you know, the usual, you got a gravel you're climbing up something, you grab a Ledge, it crumbles away. so it can feel a bit by-the-numbers a lot of the time, I'm not gonna lie. however, these set pieces, I mean, you can see one going on screen now, where you're in a room filling the water, and you've got a quickly picked the lock. and they're just so well done. if you thought the mud section in uncharted 4 was good, where you were driving along and getting pulled along, and, you know, you kept jumping from vehicle to vehicle, it was a right laughs. it was a bit like me dad driving home on a Saturday night, you know, a bit of grand theft, or hold a lad. he likes, he likes it like that. and he likes to kill prostitutes. so he probably won't like this game. but, you know, there are other what games. but I digress. the set pieces of this are really great. and the final set pieces, I'm going to spoil it now, so turn it off, you if you haven't already had everything absolutely spoiled for you. but subscribe my channel if you're gonna turn it off before you do that, you little dick. but yeah, the last set piece is the train from uncharted 2, mixed in with driving and swinging. so you're jumping from the Train, if you can't get past a carriage that you've then got a jump into a car that's pulling alongside you shooting at you. and it just goes from a hundred miles an hour for the last hour of the game, and it's absolutely incredible. and I really, as much as I don't like the midsection of the game, I think, 420 pounds, which is what I paid for this, if you get past that midsection, then it's just a roller coaster. you have so many great stealth sections against cos that you've never seen, you know, you've never seen this in the franchise before, and you've really got a stealthy way through things and attack when the opportunity arises. like there, you can see, I just missed that car. and it's very, very tense, and they gets you very enthralled in it. and you've sort of got to be strategic in your attack. it's not always gonna be easy for you, you know, you will have to switch your plan is on the fly. and it keeps you engaged in these sections. and then, like I said, towards the end, it just ramps up so much from what it was early on, that it's hard not to, like, recommend it, just for this section. when I, when I've completed the game, I did what I normally do, you know, I've got a full time job. I'm always editing YouTube videos. it's tough work, you know. I mean, being me. and so I thought, I'm not gonna have the time to play through this again. and so I I sold it on eBay. but I was really caught on it, like, you know, if I did have more time, like I used to do when I was 13, I probably wouldn't have sold this game, because that end section is so good that it knocks the the lower quality midsection of the game, like, out out of memory. you forget about it. and the fact that they've completely polished their formula and upped it so much to to the point where it's like this. you've never seen an action set piece in a game like this before. and it just keeps you on your toes. and I cannot like express how how much I was just blown away by how good it was. however, like I keep saying, the midsection of the game, where you're just driving around, having a goal from temple the temple, shooting people again, solving very mundane puzzles that are quite brain teasers, really just drags the game down. so unfortunately, I can only, at best, give it a seven and a half out of ten, which, you know what I said? I wasn't i GN early on in the review, but I suppose I pretty much am i GN because I gave that the exact same score, so maybe. I mean, becoming a monster. now we get to pay for reviews, and other little people are my comments for having different opinions to me. and I think Call of Duty was the best game ever, even though it was [ __ ] terrible for the past 10 years. anyway, thanks for checking out my reviews. you can also subscribe my channel whilst you here. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. 