[Music] Captain Marvel is currently doing the rounds at exclusive fan screenings and press events. and whilst there's been no official posts from those involved in the media, several outlets have leaked the entire plot of the movie. the leak was initially posted on 4chan, and though some said it was fake, it actually matches exactly with the plot of the novelization and that is being released alongside the movie. but even cool recently matched the stories. and whilst I'm not a fan of dealing purely in speculation, I think this seems pretty accurate. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the plot, as well as how it leads into the greater MCU. I've edited certain parts so they read better, so this isn't completely verbatim. there will, of course, be nothing but spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything, then I highly suggest that you turn off. now, with that out the way, I'm definition, and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. carol danvers is a pilot that, during an excursion, is ambushed by a scrawled spaceship, during which she is caught in the explosion of a stolen Creed of ice that gives her superpowers. Star Force Commander Yan rogue, played by Jude Law, rescues her and takes her to the Kree homeworld hala. here she is brainwashed into believing she is a free warrior and recruited into Star Force. during a mission, star forces ambushed by the scrolls, and all book Carol are killed. Carol is captured by the scrolls, but she blows up airship and escapes. she a fleur kin named goose, who eventually transforms into goose. the care due to their shape-shifting abilities, and all remaining scrolls, crush on earth, tell us and his group infiltrate shield and plan to use earth's resources and attempt to capture her. at this point, Carol meets Fury and Coulson, after he mistakenly thought she was about to steal from him. that's when Carol the Texas scrolls by with him. she kills this scroll and then goes on the run. Fury returns to shield with the body of the dead scroll. he has a bad feeling about his other colleagues, and so decides to meet Carol and lead her to a secret shield base where info about her is stored. Carol remembers her life on earth in Unite's with her best friend Maria and her daughter Monica. the three learned the tesseract is being kept in a secret Space Station and go to retrieve it. kidnapping a scroll who followed them and his ship. the group manages to retrieve the cube. well, get ambushed by Talos and his soldiers. Carol sends fury and Monica back to earth before Ronan arrives. he explains that the Kree and the scroll Empire have separately made a deal with a tyrant named anos to give him the cube and other gems in exchange for help in their war. he argues that whoever has the cube will turn the direction of the conflict. revealing also that the Skrull spaceship that ambushed her years ago was actually a Kree one. Carol breaks free and attacks both sides until young rogue appears. Carol finds out yon Wragge, a super Skrull, the really on rug, was lured into a trap on earth and assassinated so a scroll spy could take his place. Carol was testing a tesseract powered spacecraft and stumbled upon the ambush. the Kree device merged her DNA to the tesseract, which is why she's so powerful. scroll rogue then decided to shape into the perfect soldier, so the scrolls could lay a brain washer and use their as a weapon. angry at this, Carol Titor out with squirrel rogue. but being a super scroll, he can easily copy her abilities. she remembers why she became an Air Force member and vaporizes rock. she leaves fury in charge of protecting the tesseract and Earth before forcing the Kree and Skrulls into a peace treaty. Ronan refuses to accept this. angles rogue, which leads into the events of guardians of the galaxy. Carol gives fury a pager in case of emergencies and leaves to become a one-woman defense against intergalactic war. other things to know are, the Star Force suit can change colors. it starts out green and black, and when Carol regains her memories have been an American soldier, she switches it to red, and fury doesn't lose his eye. and Coulson gets injured during the train chase and doesn't appear again until the annette bening is carol's dead mother. the Kree supreme intelligence uses her appearance to communicate with Carol. keroth is the only survivor of the scroll ambush on Star Force, but he gets badly injured, requiring the cybernetic implants that he has in guardians of the galaxy. and that concludes everything we know so far about the movie's main plot. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on it. and if you're still going to see it, I've got my ticket for Friday, and we'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the movie. am I soon to come ending explain video once I've watched the film. I've also created a separate video about post-credit scenes and what happens in them. it could be linked after this one. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 