but full of again, let me start by saying, yes, I know there will be some adult slash dolt who don't understand this video as a joke, but it's the risk every man must take if he wants to get to repeatedly say, Joe deceptive, the stars of our movie today. ah, no matter what you do with your career, you always gonna be Harry Potter, you adorable little bloke. it's Sharon Bell, the Dowager Countess of Grantham. I hate you actually come have you. and the lesser creepy of the two, Dumbledore's bleed. our story begins with this old, homeless-looking Giza using a magical cigarette lighter to put out all the streetlights in this air neighborhood so he can break into some homes and steal some swag to sell so he can support his monkey Joe death scepter. but he seems to be uncomfortably familiar with this cat, who then turns into some old bit, and they just start a casual conversation about all the latest gossip. where do you expect him to do? people are still people. you know, this is just a telenovela in English with some boots on him for funsies. Joe death cept up, it was set in the sky. it's a bird, it's a plane. is a giant riding a flying motorcycle with a baby carry on his chest, with a baby in it. oh yeah, a giant. just give the baby to the crazy homeless people. but he talked about how they gotta leave the baby with these white people that live in this house because custody battles only exist to make pawns of children. Joe deceptor, and they say he's going to be a bigger celebrity child in Blue Ivy. and the Jang gets a little weepy, and they wish the little Harry Potter baby luck, because these nasty people, they leaving him with a mess, his self-esteem all up and leave him to a life of drug abuse. and then they just got us moving. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. so fast forward a few years, when little Harry is older. his cousins are duty, his ass of superduty. and his uncle is a mega duty. but cousin duty is displeased about his apparent birthday present deficit. so it's off to the zoo, where Harry upgrades from talking to duties to talking to snakes. and Harry says, your life sucked. my life suck. I live, sir. wonder which one of our life sucks worse? then cousin Duty always gotta insert his brown self and everything, the hair, it does the Voodoo. and bye, old friend. be sure to write away you in your hands. then cousin duty is incarcerated, like he should be. and then harry gets incarcerated for incarceration. duty, Joe, this effed up. but Harry gets a letter from this place called pigs its. then more letters, then more letters. so in a sad attempt to outrun the evil clutches of the crazy homeless people Postal Service, uncle mega duty moves the family to this medieval abode to celebrate his birthday, Harry makes a wish and blows out the candles on his self, baked Mick believed dirt cake. and then, who is it? it's make-believe and take that zyggie piggy. so make-believe whisks Harry out of that dump picked to school. but before that, got to make a pit stop at this magical alleyway for some back-to-school shopping. but before that, got to go to the Goblin Bank to pick up the swag of magical money hair his parents left him when they croaked. and Hagrid makes a pit stop for some swag of his own. and after that, got to go to the wand shop to get the most important item Harry will ever own his life, from the guy who played in the movie version 1984, where there was that room that showed you your deepest fears. that sounds an awful lot like a boggart, and I'm just saying is one of those times Joe don't seem all that original, and here's an owl, but don't get too attached, because at the end of your schooling he's just gonna get blowed up. Joe gets effed up, then Harry puts the pieces of the puzzle together and realizes the one who gave him that wicked mark on his cute little forehead, he's also the one who blowed up his parents, and who will be responsible for the bloating up of his owl. okay, I need to speed up Packard abandons the orphan who has no idea where he's going on how to get there. now he has to rely on the kindness of his impoverished lot of over burritos, chugga-chugga-chugga, chugga-chugga-chugga. then into his new BFF days BFS favorite booty, he tries to impressive by bloating up his pet rat tail. row, row, row, your boat. and the cat bit is like, okay, we're gonna divide you all up into four houses that'd be like your family, and you each other up resented by certain symbols and colors, and you're gonna fight with wands and spells. and you know what? it's just a gang wall. then this douche is like, you need any help? and here's like, with what? and the DB is like, you figured it out yet? and there's like, what's that? and DB is like, who's the best wizard? and here's like, nothing. I can figure that out on my own. tanks. ice man. then they get, so did harry gets evil-eyed by trent reznor and what are the styles of money Python his head in front of the babies, Joe death cept. oh. the next day, Harry learns Trent Reznor is going to teach him chemistry. and then learns he can fly high, defying gravity. and something about some sports. it takes up way too much time in these books and movies. we gonna take it up too much time. this movie's quite long, so let's beat it up. Ron Hermione have a love of spat. a minor crisis in the toilet. and then troll bogies. Joe deceptive. and there's a long chase scheme. wait, come on down to CJ. I said, oh, what a grass is faking the snitches pretty. after some meddling in snooping, Nancy Drew and the Hardy Boys find out this three-headed dog has gotten The Sorcerer's Stone. and all I'm wondering is, who pooper scoopers that dude? it three mouths, one digestive system, no doggy walk that room. mustang. did a bunch more meddling, snooping and encounter and undead Boulder motes, and finding out the big idiot giant told the bad guys to sing the three-headed quantum duty machine to sleep. come on down. see guys hit it with a dog. looks fake in the room. smell [ __ ] a and some battle chest before Harry finds Professor Quirrell, who I skipped because he wasn't interesting staring into a mirror, which I skipped because it wasn't interesting. trying to steal the Sorcerer's Stone and removing his turban where he reveals the undead Voldemort mooching off the back of his noggin. Joe deceptor, then it burns the MF and he crumples into a big pile of ash like somebody smoked him. and the undead Voldemort flies right out of there like his own buttocks on fire, except you don't have buttocks. boring. good guy monologue, I got that stone destroyed. blabbity blah blah. your friends are safe, and nobody you care about dies until the end of these movies, including your owl, so don't get too attached. blah, blah, blabbity blah. and your mother's love is the reason you more powerful than most other wizards. what a cracker Doody. blabbity blabbity blah, blah. so get your buns outta bed so we can pretentious later on one of the gang walls before surprisingly given your posse special points to put you over the top. and then here it goes, back to the to to to to to to return to his life in hell, until he can come back for Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. and I've never understood why, if he was protected with Dumbledore and was so damn special, he couldn't just live at Hogwarts 247 365 day. and be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular spell of meth you can expect me to upload more videos whenever I feel like celebrating the holiday with a Harry Potter marathon. also, a quick thank you to one of my special patrons, Tiffany, who I left out of the last thank yous and didn't mean to. I'm so sorry. a special month for movies is lame fall. I'm Jeb. Harry died? no, not har Y H AI, R y ou die. Joe, deceptive. 