hey guys, welcome back to the channel. so recently i've watched the forest. and usually people in horror movies don't make great decisions, and that's typically what we break down here. but the forest, so far has got to be the front runner, the record setter, for worse decisions that i've seen in a horror film in quite a while. i don't think the movie itself is that bad. it can be fun if you're in the mood for a jump scare fest. but in this video, we'll break down the story, some of the worst decisions made and other strange things that stood out to me. the movie starts with our protagonist, sarah, as she wakes up from what appears to be a nightmare. she then flies to japan, sensing that her sister, jess, who goes to school there, is in trouble. that's right. she can just kind of feel it. and that's why she goes there. her husband tells her that jess is most likely fine, so she shouldn't go so abruptly, but she leaves anyway. and once she lands, sarah gets a call that her twin sister went missing in the aokikagara forest. most of you might know it as the suicide forest, the one where logan paul filmed a dead body. as sarah arrives at her hotel, she goes into a room and does some research on her computer. and uh, what the [ __ ] is this tree.com? that's a really specific search engine. so this website says that it can find specific trees, but when she searches for the aokigagara forest, the only results are, like, pictures of skulls and gloves. yeah, i mean, just look at this tree and this tree, and you can't forget about this tree. what's the point of the search engine? it doesn't even work. just use google. and if this is a tree search engine, why would there be options like signs, ropes and ghosts? how will any of that help you find a tree? anyway, nobody cares about tree.com, i know. i just thought i'd mention this. so she looks through the website, and it looks pretty spooky. later that night, she falls asleep and has a nightmare. this brings me to an important point. there are quite a few scenes that are so dark that it's almost impossible to tell what's going on. i have nothing against scenes of people walking around in the dark, but i think there should be at least some light so i can see what's happening without boosting my brightness all the way to the max. in this nightmare, sarah goes into a basement and sees a tent. when she opens it, she sees a younger version of her sister jess. she then transforms into this thing. what i found pretty weird is this gear goes on for about two full seconds, yet the older sister doesn't even react. maybe she does this all the time, who knows. the next day, sarah goes into a town near the aokigagara forest. she checks her phone and it has no reception, because horror movie. while she's there, sarah talks to a couple of wise women, all of which warn her about the forest, that she shouldn't leave the path, and there might be angry or even evil spirits in there. so naturally, sarah plans on going in there all alone. luckily, the night before she heads out, she meets a guy called aiden. he's basically king friend zone who always tries hitting on her, but it never works. i went to space camp. while they're drinking, he offers to go with her together with a local guide who knows the forest pretty well all alone. yeah, what? no, what? no, you'll get lost. she accepts, and then tells him about her sister and this weird telepathic twin bondit they have. they can allegedly hear a special sound when the other one is in trouble, and that's why she came here. that night at the motel, she walks through a creepy hallway and sees a person in a corner. you guys probably can't see her, but this shapeless mask is supposed to be a person. after a few seconds, it jumps out at her, and it's somebody's blind grandma. i don't really get this jump scare. is there any threat? and where did that reptile noise come from? what is she a pterodactyl? do you guys find old people scary? i mean, if you think about it, there is no way you can escape a blind, elderly person, except for, you know, like walking away at a moderate pace. when daytime comes around, she begins her trip into the forest. now, sarah has this sack of supplies. i don't know what's in it, but i can tell you one thing, it isn't anything useful it's not food or weapons. it might as well be 10 pounds of sand. maybe there is some good stuff in it, but they never show it and she never uses it. she could stock it up with various things you might need in a forest, but i don't think she does. shortly after they're inside, the guy tells her that many people experience hallucinations of evil things, so if she sees something that's overly threatening, it's most likely not real and all in her head. eventually, they do stumble upon jess's campsite with the yellow tent. the guide says that it's great that they found this, but since she's not around and they've been calling out for her without a response, it's lonely. time to head back. it's only a short while from sunset, and they can't stay here at night. then the guide gives what is actually pretty good advice, leave a note or come back tomorrow. but sarah wants to stay here all night if she has to. while it is a pretty bad decision, this one is somewhat understandable, since she's desperate to find her sister. ayden then informs the guy that he will stay too, because he cannot in good conscious leave a woman here alone. but the guide knows the risks, so he leaves and says, i'll come back for them as soon as he can. the next day at this exact location. staying here is probably aidan's worst decision, because he later admits that he just wants to sleep with sarah, but he doesn't even know anything about her. for all he knows, she could be a nazi, or isis or even worse, she could have a boyfriend. and what are the odds she does? wow, that was weird. she does. after the sunset, they start a fire, and aiden gives her one of his power bars. so romantic. i'm just mentioning this because later you'll see. then aiden goes full white knight and says that jess can sleep in the tent alone tonight, and he'll sleep out by the fire because he's such a gentleman. and this is a really bad choice. i mean, forget the ghosts. do you know what's in a forest at night? there are bats and mosquitoes and molesters. i i don't actually know what's in there, but he's really putting it all on the line. then in the middle of the night, sarah wakes up and sees a schoolgirl walking around. she chases her into the woods and talks to her. the stranger says that she's seen jess and that sarah shouldn't trust aiden. then the girl flees and disappears into the forest. while running after her, sarah falls and injures her hand quite badly. the next day, the two leave the campsite before the guide arrives, in an attempt to exit the forest and send a search party for the young girl sarah saw. but the guy did tell them to stay right here. and neither one of them knows the forest that well, and the schoolgirl could be long gone by now. also, aiden should consider the possibility that it was just one of the hallucinations that the guide warned them about. they then go across the woods and end up walking by a river. just looks down and sees a man floating in it. but shortly after, the river seems to change the direction it flows on. this is one of the hallucinations, as they were told, people that are very vulnerable tend to see things that aren't really there. then sarah somehow gets it in her head that aidan is trying to spin her around in circles to confuse her and eventually kill her. she keeps saying that he has met jess before, but he doesn't know what she's talking about. so by now, you can probably guess what the twist is. i usually suck at predicting the plot twist, but this movie makes it pretty clear. the schoolgirl who sarah saw earlier doesn't exist. she was merely a hallucination, just like the river switching the directions it was flowing in. and aiden is not trying to kill her at all. still, sarah demands to see his phone. he gives it to her, and she tries erasing some audio recordings he took. somehow she ends up in the photo gallery and sees a picture of jess. thinking that this is proof that aiden killed her, she tries running away from him. this doesn't really make a lot of sense. sarah already saw that she was experiencing hallucinations not five minutes ago, and the guides said that they were really common. that's all this picture is. and aiden gives her his phone without a lot of trouble. why would he give it to her if she can easily find some very incriminating evidence on it? if that were the case, he wouldn't just hand it over. and if he wanted to kill her, he could have done it by now. so sarah runs away into a more quiet part of the woods. as she's walking around the woods, she hears her sister's voice telling her to turn around. but it's only a bunch of ghosts imitating jess. and to my surprise, sarah completely ignores the voice. yes, it's only her hallucinating, but she doesn't even know that. and if she could tell that it's an hallucination, why couldn't she tell it with the river, or with a picture of jess on aiden's phone? i thought the voices in her head and her imagination are what made her come here in the first place. it's like a sound that's too low to hear, but i can just feel it. this woman is totally nuts. i mean, you hear noises in your head and that's what's guiding your life decisions. you don't need to go into a forest. you need to go to an asylum. you're crazy. see a doctor. and the kaino doesn't count. hears voices in her head? yeah, i know some people who hear voices in their head, and they look like this. so she starts running again and falls into a hole. it turns out to be some sort of cave. sarah starts limping across the floor and runs into the schoolgirl from earlier. they talk for a while, and she tells sarah that she knows where jess is, she just needs to follow her. after going down a dark hallway, she sees that the young girl turned into a ghost. sarah quickly runs back to the opening and screams. then aiden, the uber simp, who still hasn't given up on their impossible relationship, comes over and says, okay, i'll help you. i wouldn't do it. she just accused him of murder and ran off on her own. but of course, when it's convenient for her, she starts crying, hey, naden, please help me. no. so the guy starts searching for a rope to get her out, and in the meantime, sarah sees a little toy camera, you know, one of those things where you click and it brings up a picture. and for some reason, she starts playing with it. what is she doing? first of all, this thing is completely obscuring her vision, and she saw that there's a ghost down here. why is it so important? that she plays with a toy now. so she starts looking through it, and of course, a ghost appears in it. then aidan comes over with a rope and pulls her up. when she's finally outside again, you won't believe what happens next. okay, you probably will, but it's still pretty weird. sarah admits that she's having visions of things that aren't really there. michi was right, the forest does make you see things. but then only seconds later, once again starts insinuating that aidan is trying to kill her, until he finally hands over his knife. okay, look, if i save you from a bunch of ghosts in a cave, and then you try telling me that i'm the bad guy, you're going back in the hole, i would pick her up, fold her together like a lawn chair and throw her back down there, then see how much she needs my help. anyway, aiden really tries reassuring her that he's trying to help her, and they eventually continue on their way. not long after, sarah tells him that she'll quickly wash her wounds in the nearby river. when she takes off the cloth wrap, she sees that there are a bunch of maggots in her wound that are slowly crawling down her arm. so she tries taking the giant rambo knife and is about to cut them out. luckily, aidan interrupts her, and she sees that the worms are gone. the fact that she's come this far in life and she didn't die by, i don't know, bungee jumping without a cord is kind of amazing. the two of them decide to go into a small cabin that aiden found earlier. on the floor, sarah sees a bunch of rappers of these same power bars that aiden ate before. and she again starts thinking that aidan is trying to kill her. oh, please, not this again. i mean, it could easily be a hallucination, trying to trick her, like all the times before. also, aiden said that he was already here. i found a place that might have a radio. it's a ranger station. it's not that far. so maybe he ate a couple of power bars before. what? is that a big deal? and even if it's neither one of those things, it could just be some random rappers, unless, of course, aiden is the only person in all of japan to eat snack bars. so aiden tries working a radio in the room, but it doesn't turn on. yeah, maybe because there is no electricity in the entire house. then he asks for his knife back so he can take the machine apart. after giving it back, sarah goes towards the basement door and hears her sister's voice again, the same voice she heard before she fell in the hole. so this time she trusts the voice and talks to who she thinks is jess. the fake jest tells her that aidan is trying to kill both of them as a result of this hallucination. she takes a knife from the kitchen and plans to attack aiden. then the guy asks her if she wants a snack, since she must be hungry. sarah slowly walks up to him and hones the knife to his throat. she tells him to let jess out of the basement. aiden grabs the knife to fight back, but sarah quickly stabs him, which results in his death. her reasoning for killing him is so whack. sarah thinks, well, he tried taking the knife, so i had to kill him. yeah, the reason he tried to grab you is to defend himself. because when he said, hey, do you want some food? your answer was to run at him with a knife like michael myers. then she has another hallucination, and the basement door opens by itself. she walks into it and sees a younger version of her sister. she grabs her, and then sees something too shocking. oh my god, it's a guy with too much sunscreen. suddenly we cut to the real jest, and it turns out that she is alive. she runs out of the forest towards the search party that's looking for them. the group then exits the forest, and it's revealed that sarah accidentally died because of her hallucinations. once they're outside, jess says, oh, sarah. oh sarah. what about aiden? they just forgot about him. nobody cares about him. no, we care. we care. he might be a sim but he was a good guy that got killed by this crazy girl because she was totally looney toned. so that was a look at the forest. check it out if you haven't. at least at least it wasn't boring. by the way, on the last video, one of you guys wrote, do a how to beat your acne. you [ __ ]. why are you guys so mean to me? i've literally never done anything anyway, i hope you liked it. let me know in the comments if this type of video worked for you. i hope. i see you guys in the next one. bye, guys. 