[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, aka, the guy who has planted himself like a tree and said, no, you accept that the power broker is mephisto, the enigmatic new villain of falcon in the winter soldier is slowly becoming the series most mysterious man or woman. and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down all the best theories over who this could be and the characters origins in the comics. now, because of this, there might be some spoilers here, so if you don't want anything ruined, then i recommend that you turn off now. also smash that thumbs up button if you enjoy the video. and don't forget to drop your comments below on who you think it is. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into the power broker. now, though the mcu doesn't adapt the comic stories in a way that makes it easy to predict exactly what's going to happen, we can look at the source material to see how things originally ended up going in order to add some basis to our predictions. in the comics, the power broker's name has been taken on by several characters. and at one point it was even an entire organization made up of mad scientists and businessmen. now in the comics, the power broker was firstly named curtis jackson. no, not that one. and he was basically a businessman that saw profit in superheroes. the villain worked with many people, the most notable of these being dr carl maylis, a mad scientist that experimented in genetic mutation and human augmentation. under the name power broker incorporated, the pair carried out several experiments on the general population. this included john walker, whom was supplied with super soldier serum. and this led to him becoming the villain super patriot, before he went on to take on the monaco u.s agent. their work was extremely dangerous and risky, and most of the people that were experimented on either ended up dead or deformed. they ruined more lives than i did when i spoiled the ending of avengers end game. and yeah, i do. i do still feel a bit bad about that. now, power broker inc was supposed to be a metaphor for the commercialization of superpowered people, and it showed how their deeds could be turned into big bucks, rather than doing things for the good of humanity. it all just became one big industry in order for people like the power broker to make money. i do find this quite funny, as superhero movies in general have sort of become this thing in which almost every single property is getting adapted so that movie studios can milk it more than i milk theory videos. and almost all of the heroes that power broker made were playing on already established ones in the comics. maelys recreates the falcon. and we also see in the show that the new captain america has become a commodity with several action figures and products. now, jackson eventually ended up using the augmentation devices on himself when he was attacked by a vigilante known as the scourge of the underworld. curtis learned firsthand that calm as a when he too faced the side effects. when he too faced the side effects of the process, and this left him almost completely paralyzed. maelis took advantage of this and sent in vagabond to steal his fingerprints so that he could gain access to all of jackson's accounts. this, however, failed, and the power broker power broke his legs for betraying him. shortly after, though, he rehired him to help cure his condition, and from here on out, they had an uneasy alliance. now, the power broker could easily be curtis jackson. no, not him, man. however, come on. and there is a high possibility that he could be revealed as a shady businessman running things behind the scenes. this would fit in well with the location of madrapua, which we learn is divided into two sections, just like how it is in the comics. lowtown is a haven for crimes like murders and narcotics, whereas hightown is reserved for things like dodgy art dealings, which we'll talk about later in the video. it's not personal there, strictly business. and therefore, jackson would fit in well with the aesthetic. the genetic experimentation also fits in well with his origins in general. mo. and add to that us agent, and you have a series of things that seem to be pointing in the direction of it probably being him. however, if you've been following our breakdowns, then you'll know that we've also theorized quite a lot that it might actually be maelys behind it all. this is because in the comic book run sam wilson, captain america, he appears as the first major villain. the disney plus series is heavily based on this book. and in it we see sam struggling with taking on the mantle of captain america and all that comes with it. he also ends up gaining joaquin torres as a sidekick, teams up with the winter soldier, faces down against us agent, and also the flag smasher. now, flag smasher is just a life model decoy in that but even so, there are a lot of similarities in that malice is carrying out experiments on people in order to make them animal human hybrids. and though this isn't present in the show, his ties to power broker incorporated do seem to line up. and there was also a second iteration of the power broker, called power broker 2, who became the latest owner of the incorporated company responsible for giving the character hardball his powers. he's also capable of firing energy bolts from his hands. and whenever we see him, he appears in a battle suit. now for the moment, none of these characters are in the mcu at all, and there haven't been any leaks or cast lists that seem to indicate they're in the series. even if they were, we also what happened with james spader being listed as playing ultron and one division. so for the moment, we can't trust anything that's online until we see the show for ourselves. the series is clearly focused around the power broker and the super soldier serum. and whereas in civil war we saw that the formula could turn people crazy, it's now been refined to create more grounded superhumans. now, huge shout outs to screen crush for unearthing an interview with series writer derek colstad, who stated that marvel were bringing back some characters from earlier mcu movies and weaving them throughout the plot lines in order to carry on seemingly drop ones. this led ryan to theorize that the leader could be returning. and he definitely fits the mould of a super intelligent character that could be controlling things from behind the scenes. whereas hulk got super strength, the leader got super intelligence. and due to him already being a character that's carried out human experiments in order to try and unleash and tap potential. he does line up quite a lot with what we know about the power broker. similar to how ross has returned and is now playing a big part in the mcu, the leader could too. and though this fan theory is pretty unlikely, i actually think that it works really well. now the big theory that's going around at the moment is that sharon carter is actually the power broker, and they've done somewhat of a gender swap. it's enough to break her, poor old auntie's heart. but let's look through the evidence and weigh up whether we think she is or not. when were reintroduced to her, she's operating in high town as a stolen art stealer. and throughout the series, we discover that she's been on the run since civil war because she broke the sokovia records. now an enemy of the state, she's had to relocate to madrapue and lives under the gumption that the hero lifestyle she once saw after was all a lie. so she does have the right mind state and operation area to potentially be a candidate. whatever way you look at it, she's not the same character that we last saw in civil war, and clearly has people working for her as underlings. now in the episode, sam, bucky and zemo try and gain information on a scientist named nagel from an information broker called selby. his location is apparently extremely hard to come by, and yet, somehow, later in the episode, sharon is able to gain it from one of the guests at her party. now this may have simply been because they were besotted by zemo's dance moves, or potentially sharon already knew where he was. when they arrive at the location, she stays outside and takes out all the gods that show up, going completely atomic blonde on them. she seems genuinely angry that zemo decided to take nagel out. and if she were the power broker, then this would make a lot of sense. from here on, she decides to remain in madrapura, and then goes and meets her driver, who says that they have some big problems. now whilst this theory does have some things that make it seem like it could be true, there's also a lot that contradicts it. firstly, we know that the power broker is someone that doesn't like to get their hands dirty. and i can't see sharon putting herself in the line of fire if she was indeed one in the same. she also never had any interest in genetic augmentation, and it would also break her poor old auntie's heart. surely, if she was the power broker too, she would enter the container to keep a close eye on what nagel was saying. and there's absolutely no way she would allow him to be killed if he really was paramount to her operations. sharon also seems desperate to get a pardon. i think that someone is high up as the power broker would likely have little interest in seeking out, returning to a conventional life. got a big problem. thus, i think that this big problem scene is simply a red herring, and that sharon, at best, is probably working alongside the power broker in some form. things just don't line up. and the use of the word him whenever the power broker is brought up makes it seem unlikely. marvel have a habit of doing this. and as we saw with one division, just because a character seems to say something, it doesn't mean anything at all. you're not gonna die me again yet. you're not getting me with that bloody, dotty thing again. now, strangely, zemo describes the power broker as him, despite being confined to a cell since the events of civil war. we do see that he has a god card. and it is possible that he may even be the villain, operating from his prison and sending things out into the world. i think that's pretty unlikely, but i just thought i'd cover it, as i know a couple of people have mentioned it in comments on my videos. overall, though, i would love to see the leader rise up and be revealed as the villain. however, i do think that they might do something similar to the comics and unveil a brand new character, namely curtis jackson. yes, that one. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts and theories below on who you think the power broker really is. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize through on the 30th of april, in which we're giving away three copies of zack snyder's justice league on 4k. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the theories. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the third episode, which will be linked on screen. right now. we've gone over the entire thing from top to bottom, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want more marvel stuff to watch. without the way, thank you for sitting through the video. i've been paul, and this is between you all. see you next time. goodbye. 