hey guys. explanation pro is here. today i'll explain a romance drama movie titled the handmaiden. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. divided into three parts, the 2016 film the handmaiden revolves around the themes of betrayal, friendship, abuses, manipulation, exploitation and, above all of this, the triumph of love. the film was originally adapted from a welsh novel titled fingersmith, but it was changed from a victorian era britain to 1930s japanese occupied korea. aside from being a typical love story, the hanbian explicitly shows the effect, and thus the horror, of japanese colonialism on the korean mindset and the disturbing treatment of women during those times. in turn, the two main characters, both women, trap in their helpless situations, find liberation and freedom in each other's company. in the first part of the film, a young korean woman, okuju, is chosen to be a handmaiden for a wealthy japanese family living in a japanese occupied korea inside the western south manor okuchu, renamed with a japanese name tamako, is briefed by an old lady named sasaki. she tells aktu about her job and the structure of the house and where she would sleep, which is beside the room of lady hideko. that night, akju gets awakened by lady hidako sudden scream. okju immediately comes over to calm lady hiroko, who has had a nightmare about her dead on. because of this, okju sleeps beside her. the following day, bokchu is called to lady hidiko's room. however, her fellow maids pulled the prank on her, which is why she goes to lady hitoka's room with only one shoe. inside lady hideko's room, sasaki officially introduces akdu astamako. tamako, in turn gives lady hideko a recommendation letter from her former employer. after sasaki leaves the room, lady hidako astamako to read the letter she brought for her, because she gets a headache before every reading practice. at first, tamako tries to read the letter's contents, but shyly reveals that she cannot read, surprising lady hidiko. afterward, after being given a pair of shoes and helping lady hidiko wear her gloves. tamako is left alone at lady hideko's room, telling tamako to fetch her in the library at noon. while lady hito goes away, tamako explores the various things inside the room. during that rainy afternoon, tamako fetches lady hideko from the library. however, tamako is stopped from entering the library by lady hidiko's strict uncle, with lady hideko closing the gate by pulling a lever from the inside. afterward, lady hideko, accompanied by tamako, runs her bathroom to vomit because reading makes her sick. during lunch, a maid returns tomoko's missing shoe. the maids then start whispering to each other about the coming of the count. tamakoton informs lady hitoko during the bath that the count is coming to visit. while eating a lollipop given by tamako, lady hideko seems to hurt herself with a jagged tooth. tamako smooth it over by rubbing an ointment. but tamako cannot help but silently admire lady hitoko's beauty at such a close distance. later that day, the count arrives by a car. the count thanks lady hidako for the warm welcome and ensures that the painting session will be fruitful. the count then sees tamako and approaches her, while lady hiroko thanks to count for introducing tamako. the cat, who is tamako's former employer, gives her a coin to leave the room. afterward, the cat asks for tamako, which lady hidiko allows. in the cat's room. the cat suddenly performs a cartwheel in front of tamako, while tamako scolds her for giving her a fake coin and throws it back to him. a twist is reveal tamako is not actually okju, but rather a girl named suki. and she is not actually there as a genuine handmaiden for lady hidiko, but rather as a teeth collaborating with a cow who is actually a fake and a swindler. during a flashback, the plan is that sookie will persuade lady hiroko to fall in love with the count, to get married. the cat will then steal her inheritance and put her in a mad house in japan. the count then trains sookie of the waste to be a good handmaiden. back to the present, the count gives tamako a box to give to lady hideko, which she does. upon opening it, lady hidiko is amazed by the blue sapphire earrings inside of it. after getting dressed and wearing the earrings, lady hideko, assisted by tamako, goes to the dining room to meet the count. while going downstairs, tamako is saying in her mind how beautiful lady hidako is and how she wants to show her to her family. upon seeing lady hidiko, the count suddenly stands up from his chair and comments how mesmerizing she looks. inside the dining room, after dinner, tamako and just a sleepyhideko. but lady hidoko decides to dress tamako in a lady's attire. there lady hideko comments on how beautiful tamako's face is. the following day, the count teaches lady hideko to paint, but immediately the count stops the session and signals tamako to proceed with their plan to seduce lady hideko. and so tamakol leads lady hideko to the forest nearby. shortly after tamako leaves her, excusing herself by saying that she will pick up mushrooms afterwards. the count arrives later that day. tamako witnesses how the count is touching lady hideko. in her mind, tamako knows that the plan is working well, but she somehow cannot accept this. one day, the count asked tamako to bring essential oils for painting, leaving him and lady hidoko together in the forest. tamako hurriedly gathers the oil and speedily returns to the force. but in her return, she sees lady hideko kissing the cow, making tamako flee from the scene. that night, as the lights of the house flecked away, tamako is lying at her lady's bed, twisting with frustration from what happened. lady hideko, on the other hand, is at her uncle's library. after moving to her room. tamako tells herself that she will not think of lady hideko. but lady hidiko rings the bell, signaling tamako that she is being summoned. at first, tamako ignores it, but eventually approaches lady hideko with apparent irritability on her face. lady hidiko asked tamako why she is not there to greet and help her undress after her reading, knowing that she gets sick after every reading session. tamako tells her that she must have fallen asleep because of this. lady hidiko asks tamako to sleep beside her for the night at the bed. lady hideko tells tamako that account proposed to her and wants to elope to japan. she then tells tamako that she is scared of the count for more unknown reason. asking tamako what the man wants, tamako tells her that a man wants to kiss a woman after marriage, which tamako demonstrates by kissing lady hideo on the lips. one thing led to another as both women made love that night. the next day, the count teaches lady hiddeko to paint again with damaco as the model. while teaching her, the cat touches her in places, and lady hideko tells him to stop. tamako, hearing this, becomes frustrated. the count attempts to get rid of tamako, but tamako refuses, telling him she is by her lady's side. afterward, the count and tamako meet up in a secluded place. there, the count tells her that he is close, yet tamakor is foiling his plan, reminding her that she would follow through with the plan or return to her family empty-handed. that night, while massaging lady hitoka's foot, tamako tries to push lady hideko to fall in love with account. lady hidako tells tamako that she does not need the count, as tamak was the only company she needs. when tamako still insists on pairing them, lady hiraga slaps her twice and angrily pulls samako outside to her room. the poor tamako cries. afterwards, tamakon narrates that lady hidiko accepted the count's proposal, provided that she goes along as well. and so on. that day that lady hideko's uncle leave the house to go to his mind, the count will then meet with them and elope with lady hideko. that night, lady hideko and tamako gathered their things and leave the house. they go to a lake where the count appears on a boat. there the three of them make their escape and eventually leave for japan via ferry. after arriving in japan, lady hideko and the count immediately get married in what appears to be a worn down temple. that night, at an inn, lady hidiko and the count get intimate, while tamako sank softly in the room beside them. the next morning, tamako sees blood on lady hiroko's bed. the cow picks the innkeeper to watch the two while he will disappear for a while to handle things. tamako fears that the lady might actually go mad. after some time, on a rainy day, the count returns with a big bag full of money. the next day, the men from the madhouse arrive at their residence to ask tamako about lady hideko. they asked tamako what her treatment should be, and tamako tells them that lady hidoko should be locked so that she won't be harmed and harm others. afterward, the count takes them out to eat at a restaurant, but they are really going to the mad house. upon arriving there, tamako hugs lady hitaco to bid her farewell. lady hideko takes a step back and the staff of the facility grabs tamako instead. tamako tells them that they got it wrong. but the doctor tells tamako that she still thinks that she is a korean handmaiden. in the shocking twist, tamako is the one being incarcerated, while the count and lady hiroko are actually collaborating with each other. the first part of the story ends here. in the second part of the film, we get a flashback of lady hiroko's childhood in her uncle's care. her uncle violently punches the young lady hideko for answering back. escorted to her room, sasaki scares lady hideko, but lady hidiko's aunt arrives and eases her fears. lady hiraga's aunt is by her side even during her reading lessons. however, her strict uncle is very authoritarian in his methods. one time, after punishing her in the library, lady hidaki's uncle tell her about mental hospitals in japan and what they do to patients there. the story scares her aunt, who runs away from the library, but sasaki immediately closes the gate, oiling her escape. at another time, lady hiliko is criticized by her uncle for reading too fast. as a response, he let lady gideo's aunt read to teach her. the scene transitions to lady hitaka's aunt gracefully reading erotic texts in front of patrons. it is revealed that lady hiraga's uncle has nightly erotic reading sessions where patreons watched listen. and imagine, shortly after, her aunt hung herself in a nearby cherry tree. because of this, lady hiroko is not the one reading these erotic texts for her uncle's patreons. at one of these readings, she sees the count. after the reading session, the cat asks the uncle to stay at the library to copy the paintings there. inside the library, the two men talk about many things, and one of them is about how lady hidiko should have painting lessons. afterward, while they eat at the dining room, a phone call summons the uncle, leaving lady hideko in the count. the count then tells her to meet her at midnight. at midnight, the cow tells her that he is a fake and a swindler, interested only lady hideko's fortune. however, the count adds that after seeing her, he decided to save her from that place. however, lady hidiko refuses for fear of her uncle taking her to the basement. it is revealed here that lady hiraga's aunt did not hang herself, but instead, her uncle murdered her in the basement for attempting to escape. lady hidden decides to have a handmaiden that can take her identity to live freely. they get rid of her current height maiden and have tamako as the replacement. as such, everything is revealed to be an act. lady hitoka scream deliberately leaving tamako in lady hitok's room so that she will explore it. and many more to count. further advice is lady hideko to play hard to get so that tamako will unknowingly follow through the plan. however, as the plan advances, lady hiroko begins to feel differently for tamako. lady hideko starts to wonder why tamako looks irritated, stomping her feet when she goes upstairs, and staring intently toward her room at night. after the night that they made love, lady hiraga's feelings for tamako has solidified, which is why she violently pushes tamako outside her room when tamako keeps insisting her marriage to the count. unable to take it anymore, lady hitoko takes her from her room and goes to the cherry tree to hang herself. however, she is stopped just in time by tamako. tamako tearfully apologizes to lady hideko, revealing to her the plan of the count. lady hidiko tells her that she is actually worried about her lady hittigo reveals that tamar was the one being fooled all this time. and so in another shocking twist, the two decided to conspire against lady hito's uncle and the count. tamako delivers a letter to her family, telling them that they are now going against the plan. on the night after her uncle had left, lady hideko showed tamako to the library. after learning about what her uncle is making her read, tamako angrily destroys the library. afterward, the two meet with the count at lake. back to the present, tamako is being detained in the madhouse, thus ending the film's second part. the third and final part of the film shows lady hidden in the count dining in a fine restaurant. the count reveals that he has feelings for her and is planning to marry her again in russia. tamako's family successfully rescues her by causing a fire and dressing up staff members at the mad house. that night, at a love hotel, lady hidiko drops liquid opium in their con's wine to make him sleep. at first, the cow does not drink the wine. eventually, he drinks it and falls asleep. lady hidiko leaves the place immediately. the following day, lady hideko and tamako happily unite. while the count wakes up naked from his waist down, while two japanese men, lady hiroko's uncle's men, watch him. afterward, we see tamako, now soki, fixing a man's face as he takes a picture. the man is actually lady hidiko dressed up as a man. lady hiroko sends a message to her uncle of how grateful she is in zuki's company. the uncle reads this niece's letter in the basement where the count is tied to a chair. he then tortures the count for letting the two women escape. at the end of the ticket line, sookie changes her ticket to shanghai, china, after seeing lady hito's uncle has been searching for them around the terminal. their destination is successfully changed. at the boat, lady hidiko removes the ring and gloves that she had always warned are happily thrown away to the sea by sookie. back at the basement, the perverted uncle asked the count how delightful the love making is with his knees. after only telling the uncle minor details, the count scolds him for being perverted. afterward, he smokes a couple of blue-collared cigarettes that lets out blue smoke. these are mercury laced, thus killing those who inhale it. the uncle drops to the floor, and the gown sniffs the deadly smoke until he dies. the movie ends with the two women finally finding their freedom aboard the ship and route to their new lives as lovers. thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and also subscribe to my channel for more videos like this. see you in the next video. 