the possession of Hannah grace, has finally reached cinemas. unlike the cadaver of the titular character, there's a lot to uncover from the film. throughout this video, I'll be discussing everything you need to know about the movie, as well as its ending. there will be heavy spoilers, so those who want to go into the film with fresh eyes should turn off now. for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. we follow Megan, an ex-cop that has started a new career as a morgue assistant. prior to joining the mortuary, Megan failed to use her firearm, which led to the death of her partner. this is sent her into an almost crippling depression that she struggles to recover from. Megan has a pretty mundane life. she works the graveyard shift and is given a little responsibility beyond the minor tasks. this all changes, however, when the body of Hannah grace arrives. Hannah is evil incarnate, and it's clear that though her body is dead, the spirit that resides in her isn't. Hannah's body seems to be healing and this is because as she kills, she takes the life force from the living and bestows it upon herself. we learned that Hannah was killed during an exorcism by her father and that she was buried. however, she escaped from the graveyard and began a killing spree. Hannah's father arrives at the morgue to inform Megan of this, and we discover that he has been tracking the girls movements and attempting to stop her before she can do any more damage. he states that the only way to stop Hannah is by burning her. the two worked together to take Hannah's body to the incinerator, but when Hannah burns her father alive instead, things look bad for the duo. Megan's boyfriend shows up to save her, but Hannah tries to murder him, which leads to Megan shooting her several times with his gun. this, of course, shows a counterbalance to the mistakes she made with her last partner, and it's clear that the character has now learned to act in difficult situations. Megan manages to take the body to the incinerator where she burns it. Megan seemingly continues her life as normal after the events. however, when stepping out of the shower, we know is that one of her eyes has turned blue, much like Hannah's. an ominous fly circles around Megan, and a clearly hints that the demon has latched on to her. it was able to do this because of her depression, which was noted as a key trait of how it possessed Hannah. the blue eye is subtle enough to pass a lot of viewers by, but I definitely think symbolizes that the demon isn't dead. so what are your thoughts on the possession of Hannah grace? did you enjoy the film? and what's been your favorite horror of 2018? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of the mid-season finale of The Walking Dead, which will be linked at the end of this video. this is a channel for people who are heavy into horror. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 