[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this video we're breaking down the last of us part two. I think this is gonna be a highly controversial game that will no doubt be debated far into the future. there's a lot to unpack from it. and yet, throughout this video, we're just gonna be going through its storyline, ending and the meaning behind it. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you don't anything ruined that I highly recommend that you turn off. now, it's been almost impossible to avoid leaks on this thing. but if you've managed to do so, then I don't want to ruin your first time seeing how things play out. if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up and make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of the Last of Us part 2. okay, so in order to fully understand the storyline and general meaning behind the series, we have to travel back to the first game and talk about the thematic elements of that. The Last of Us part 1 was very much about breaking a cycle. and this was shown predominantly through the eyes of Joel. when the quarter set out, break first happened, Joel tried to flee with his brother Tommy and daughter Sarah. however, she was killed by a member of the military. and Joel spent the next chapter of his life grieving and angry at the world. a feeling of hope came back when he was given the task of a scoring ally to the fireflies. and she was very much a young girl, much like his daughter, who was actually revealed to be immune to the virus. the fireflies claimed to be able to extract the Cure from her, but upon arriving at their facility, geo learned that she would die during the process. rather than go through the same thing again, in which a member of the military would literally, once more, take his daughter away, Joel broke the cycle, killed the majority of the fireflies and surgeons and then fled with Ellie. Joel lied to her and told her that they weren't able to extract the Cure. and Ellie Boyett, they returned to Joel's brother Tommy, and this is where the opening of Part two picks up. now before we get into the full breakdown, we have to bear in mind this idea of cycles and breaking them, though I don't think that the Last of Us, part two, pulls off the theme as well as the prior entry, and I don't really think it does it that well at all. I'm gonna remove my personal opinion from things for the meantime and just discuss the main elements of the storyline and what they actually mean during the game, there are several perspective changes, and the events of the storyline jump back and forth between characters. so to keep things streamlined, I'll try and do everything in the order that makes the most sense. there's also a number of things from the trailers that will change for the game. and it's clear that they tried to hide a certain death as best they could. obviously, let me know your thoughts on the storyline and the comments as we go through it. but there's a lot to talk about. and the idea of an eye for an eye, or leading to both people losing their sight, is laced throughout the plot. and we open with Joel telling Tommy the truth about what happened as he cleans up his guitar. tommy is clearly horrified by what his brother has done, but after Joel explains that he saved her life, he slowly sees things from his perspective and understands why I took the path he did, without condoning it. Joel visits Ally and gifts her his guitar, playing her the song future days, which somewhat becomes his theme and ties massively into the end. the idea of cycles is very much highlighted by the game opening on this image of the guitar as it closes on it, - hinting at things coming full circle before a character breaks away from them. we then get a huge four year time jump, and alongside Ellie, were introduced to Jessie and Dena, a pair that have recently broken up. Ellie and Dena clearly have a thing for one another, and a kiss between the pair eventually leads to homophobia being thrown their way by a bartender. Joel stepped in to save Ellie and wheel in throughout the story that Ellie actually journey to the hospital in which the fireflies were stationed at in the first game, he or she discovered the truth, and upon encountering Joel, he admitted what really happened. this breaks her, and though she returns to their home in Jackson. the relationship between the two is clearly almost beyond repair. Ellie is mad because she believes her life could have meant something, but that's all been dashed away because of one selfish person that didn't want to lose his daughter. now it's through Joel saving her that she perhaps starts to see things from his perspective. and though she's angry, in her eyes, she's lost a father, just like how joel has lost her. this idea of daughters losing their father, and what that can do to someone, is reflected in one of the biggest surprises in the game, that is a be a playable character who is part of the Washington Liberation Front, lwf for short. this is the biggest bait-and-switch since Metal Gear Solid 2. and you spend a lot of time in her shoes. we learned that Abby's father was actually one of the surgeons that was going to operate on Ellie and save the planet. however, Joel killed him, and thus she spent years building up a body in order to hunt him down and get revenge. at one point, Joel and Tommy actually come across Abby and save her life. however, the vendetta that she carries over weighs this. and she made his Joel by shooting his leg with a shotgun. and she then plays mario golf on his head. Ellie arrives to watch this happening in front of her, and thus this mirrors Abby discovering her father dead several years prior. Abby and Ellie are, of course, similar sounding names, and the two go on quests that parallel one another in many ways. both have pregnant members of their group, a sort of love triangle as thick. and they both lost their father to a person that was twisted to act a certain way by the world. now many people, I'm guessing, will absolutely hate playing as Abby. after all, we watch her murder one of the greatest video game characters of all time, even after he saved her life. I didn't actually have this plot point rune for me by the leaks, so I was kind of expecting it. but yeah, I'd love to hear your thoughts on how you took it. now, an important point to note is that Ellie plays jazz guitar throughout the game. and it's clear that her, at least this, is keeping the character alive in some form or another the idea of Joel, and Ellie's memories of him really drive her quest for revenge. and she slowly hunts down Abby's group, murdering them one by one. she learns that one of the members was pregnant, and after taking them out, decides that this quest for a bench you might not benefit anyone in the long run. we learned throughout the story that Dena is pregnant with Jessi's child. and a thing at this point, it becomes too much for Ellie. however, the eye for an eye theme continues, and Abby shows up, shoots Tommy, murders Jessie and fights Ellie, almost beating her to death. this is switched at the end of the game when the roles are reversed. and Ellie and Abby are very much opposites of one another, experiencing the same emotions and driving forces at different times. just as Abby is about to kill Ellie, Dena intervenes, but Abby best sir - she almost slits her throat, but the character levy arrives and tells her to stop. it's here that we get a switch to the game character. there you've probably grown to love to hate at this point, and we see things solely through the shoes of a bee. I kind of gloss over this as it just sort of tells the tale of the above from the opposite side with some extra sex scenes in there that, yeah, these are gonna get meme done for the rest of our life. so get used to seeing this in your dreams. you your wet dreams. anyway, now, the main point of this is to put you in a bee's shoes and to make you try and understand why she does the things that she does. you'll have to decide for yourself whether this is successful or not, as I can see multiple people having completely different opinions on it. we learned that levy was actually a member of the Sara fights that was hated amongst a group for being trans. the Sara fights, or other scars, because I can't be bothered saying Sara fights anymore, are very much set in their ways and reject all forms of modern society in favor of tradition. thus they hate Levy. and he fled from his mother with his sister, Yara. now, it was leaked that Abby was a trans character, and his spoilers, however, I do think that wires got crossed, and it's actually levy that is. Levy and his sister save Abby's life at one point, and a bond is formed between the group. levies worried that things will happen to their mother back home on scars Island. and this leads to him returning his mother. a devout member of the scars attempts to kill Lev and thus he murders her in self-defense. this sort of ties into the themes of the game. and to me, levy represents the person that was rejected by their parent, which juxtaposes how Abby and Elly were accepted by theirs. and losing them made them set out on a quest for revenge. Yara is killed not long after, and the pair returned to their base, which is where they find the aftermath of Ally's attack on the aquarium. Abby sets out on the path to get revenge. and thus we bring things the same point in which lever from killing Deena. now this is where the leaks went up to, and according to them, this is how the game ended. that isn't the case. and after Abby spares them, we do another time jump. one year later, we pick up with Elly and Deena living on a farm together just outside of Jackson. Deena had a baby, and the pair are raising JJ together. which, yeah, I'm sure you can work out what those initials mean. Ellie is completely torn apart by Joel's death. and even though she lives a peaceful life, she's suffering from PTSD. it's here that we discover that Tommy actually survived the gunshot wound, and one day he brings information on where Abby is located. tommy is clearly still hung up on getting revenge, and the frustration at being unable to achieve this has pretty much ruined his life. Tommy wants a be dead, but Ellie talks him out of it. and it finally seems that she's learned the path of revenge only leads to more misery. Confucius famously said, before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves. this means that if you're gonna go out and get revenge on someone, you need to realize that things can only really go one way. now this is what frustrates me about the storyline, as it's clearly signposted at several points. and just as it seems like Ellie is about to let things go, she instead decides to go back down this dark road. Dena realizes this and gives her an ultimatum, to either stay with her and a child, or to head out and try and kill Abby, which could also lead to her own death. Ellie just can't escape the memory of Joel's murder, though, and she goes after Abby, tearing her family apart. elsewhere, we see things through the eyes of a bee who is with levy on the search for the fireflies in Santa Barbara. they're captured by a group known as the Rattlers, who to manage to capture Ellie during her hunt for them. absolutely love this scene. and Ellie manages to turn the tables from them by using her immunity to make it so that one of the captors is bitten by clicker, before killing the other after he tells her, we're happy years. this is where the game starts to wind down and we head into the finale. Ellie runs the gauntlet and fights her way to Abby, who we see strung up with lemons and pillars. she's a shadow of a former self and clearly has been put through the wringer, which paints her in a much more sympathetic light. Ellie cuts Abby down and almost lets things go, but the memory of Joel continues to plague her mind. the to go head-to-head with one another, with Ellie forcing her to fight due to holding a knife to lovey's neck. Abby, who is at death's door, doesn't put up much of a fight, but she manages to bite Ellie's fingers off. it looks like it hurt. but the fight is still pretty one-sided. and Ellie almost drowned sir, before deciding to break the cycle. Ellie let's Abby live, and with leb, the to sail off into the sunset, or it's more it's more fog than sunset, more than anything. now, I have seen a lot of people roll their eyes at this, saying that Ellie has come all this way, killed hundreds of people, and yet she won't kill the one person that she left awake of bodies to get to. however, I think at this moment that Ellie realizes this cycle of revenge will lead to her losing more than she wants to give up, I would imagine that she would spare Lev as Lev saved her and Dena's life. however, leb would no doubt grow up hating Ellie for killing happy and it's safe to say that the cycle will continue once more. similar to Joel saving his surrogate daughter from death at the end of the first game, which juxtaposed the opening, Holly is breaking the cycle of violence that only goes one way. so though I can see why people are angry at it, in the context of the story, I do think it works with the way that the events happen. that doesn't mean that it's really a happy ending, though, and the game very much continues with its bleak and our tone. for the final scene. Ellie returns home to find Dena and JJ gone, along with what made their house a home, all that's left of her possessions. and the guitar that Joel gave her in the opening, Ali attempts to play future days, the song that was the theme of Joel. however, due to her now missing her fingers, she's unable to fully do it. we then get a flashback to the night before Joel's death and see that the two did have a conversation that laid it all out on the table, at least stated that she was going to try and forgive him for what he did. but of course, we know that this closure was robbed from her, Ellie puts the instrument down and walks off, likely looking for Dena. and we closed out on the guitar, similar to how the game opened. this shot of her walking away from this item clearly shows the symbolism of her walking away from the memory of Joel, something that had haunted her and ultimately led her going down a dark path. Ellie has left behind the idea of Joel and freed herself of the burden of revenge. however, it's also a sad ending, because the song, in some ways, was carrying the memory of the character, and in setting out on a final quest for revenge, she lost her fingers, and thus cannot pass on his legacy. it to cost her her family. and this final quest, when she should have let things go, ultimately destroyed her life. however, that she did do the right thing in the end, even if it came with loss. now, going forward, I do think that the franchise will likely take the focus from Ellie and probe Center around a bian Lev as they make their way together as the sort of new Joel. and Ellie, Abby is the sort of standing for Joel as she's looking after a child, which, of course, comes in the form of laughs. there are a lot of avenues that the story could go and I'm still unsure exactly how I feel about the story. I think it's something I need to have marinate and and sort of digest over the next coming days. a little more famously said that it's up to the author to give people what they want and know what they need. and yeah, let's be honest, not many people wanted this story to go like this. however, this is what we got, and thus we kind of have to take it for what it is. I think that time will tell how the story is accepted. I'm not really sure about the character motivations, as there were several times that they could have walked away, but didn't, leading to as sometimes frustrating narrative. overall, that is the way things happen, though, and the way that I believe the creative team have meant the ending to play out. how you interpret it is up to you, but make sure you leave your thoughts below on whether you hated it or liked it for what it was. I'm gonna give the game some breathing room and probably drop a review on the gameplay later next week, once I've just had a time to go over in my head. so definitely keep an eye out. again, if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown on white Thanos could return to the MCU, which is gonna be linked at the end. you want to support the channel from his letter, it's 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you it. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. if you want to come check yourself in the show, either follow us. that heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people are subscribed to the channel. and this month he can win the MCU infinitely saga box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video. make sure you subscribe with notifications on. the more videos he comment on, the more you've a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of July in the cell be shipped out from then to ever get to the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. with all out the way. thank you for sticking until the end. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. Jess. [Music]. 