[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2009 animated comedy film fantastic mr. Fox. so let's get started. while raiding a farm, mr. Fox and his wife Felicity, trigger Fox trap and become caged. Felicity reveals to Fox that she's pregnant and begs him to find a safer job if they escape. two years later, the foxes move into a new home with her son, Ash and his located close to facilities run by three farmers, Boggis, Bunce and bean. Felicity's nephew, Kristofferson, comes to live with them, longing for his days as a thief. Fox and his friend Kylie opossums steal produce and poultry from the three farms. angered the farmers camp out near Fox's home and shoot off his tail. they then attempt to dig Fox out. the farmers discover the foxes have dug an escape tunnel, and so they wait at the tunnel mouth. the group encounters many other animals whose homes have also been destroyed. as they begin to fearing starvation, Fox leads a digging expedition to tunnel to the three farms, robbing them clean, while the other animals feast. ash and Kristofferson reconcile and returned to beans Farm intending to reclaim mr. Fox's tail. they're interrupted by beans wife, and Kristofferson is captured. discovering that Fox has stolen their produce, the farmers flood the tunnels with cider. the flood forces the animals into the sewers, trapping them. the farmers use Kristofferson to lure Fox into an ambush. Fox asked the farmers for meeting and plans a counter-attack. Fox, ash and Kylie slip into beans farm. ash freeze Kristofferson and releases a rabid beagle to keep the farmers at bay. afterwards, the animals become accustomed to living in the sewers. ashin Kristofferson become good friends. Fox leads his family and others to a drain opening built into the floor of a supermarket owned by the three farmers. they all celebrate their new food source and to the news that felicity is pregnant again. so that was a spoilers for a fantastic mr. Fox. if you have a phone, you like to see me spoil please? you know in the comments below. check out movies spoiler alerts on social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 