welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka The Fresh Prince of spoilers. but that was bad and it's time to break down bad boys for life. throughout this video, we'll be going through the movies final a few scenes and giving our thoughts and where it could all be going. and the film as a whole. the movie is a hell of a fun ride, and it has a great mid-credits scene that has a lot to unpack from it. it sets up a big sequel coming down the line, and we may be getting bad boys for a lot sooner than you think. now, obviously, there's gonna be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't seen the movie yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just wouldn't give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of bad boys for life. bad boys for life, once more, centers around Marcus Burnett in Mike Lowrey. the film opens with the former telling the latter that he wishes to retire in the wake of his grandson being born, because Marcus is too old for this ish. throughout the movie. it's sort of jumps back and forth between whether he's gonna retire or not. and I loved seeing the ones exuberant Martin Lawrence dealing with the fact that he may not be a spring chicken anymore. as we get older, it's something we all have to deal with. and his performance against the ever youthful looking Smith is really well portrayed. I feel bad that he has to try and keep up with Smith, but yeah, he's still there's a great job. early on, it looks like everyone could be getting a happy ending. but things take a big turn when Mike is shot several times by an assassin named Armando. is it a mono or Amanda? it says a mondo and IMD fella. I don't know. anyway, this kick starts the movie with Mike trying to take down the assassin, whilst also learning some home truths. a mando is completely cut throughout, and he takes out high-ranking members of the authorities, which really shows that he's a danger. Joe Pantoliano gets whacked, which is a big moment. and the movie also brings back some characters such as Reggie as Michael Bay make a cameo and features DJ Khaled as an informant similar to Lawrence. Smith does a fantastic job. and the actor is arguably one of the best of our generation. whether he's chewing up the scenery, pitching a dramatic, heart-wrenching moment, are just being the funniest guy in the film, Smith is pretty much up there with the best at whatever he puts his hand to. and here he's no different. the guy just oozes charisma, and it feels like he hasn't aged since we last saw him in the role in 2003. he provides the real heart of the movie. and for what was once a pretty carefree and irresponsible character, Mike sure has a lot of growing up to do. in this movie, we learned that before the events of the first bad boys film, Mike was pulled from the police academy and placed undercover in a second drug cartel. it's revealed that during this mission, the character fell in love with the cartels leader's wife, named Isabel. Mike took down the cartel, and Isabel was included with this, and she ended up going to jail with them. Mike genuinely loved her, and he even promised to run away with her. however, Judy came before dishonor, and he ultimately had her arrested too, as he was well aware of how dangerous she was. we see this exemplified in the film with Isabel becoming one of the big bads. she's pretty much the emperor palpatine of the film, controlling it all from the shadows. you can see how Mike was captivated by her, though, and also I realized that it was for the best not to have a running around unchecked. Isabel went to jail, but it turns out she was pregnant with Mike's child, and this is revealed to be a mando. if you've seen Smith's last film, Gemini man, then you'll know that it followed a similar sort of plastic in that the characters, quote-unquote offspring was to a very highly skilled assassin. but here it feels like it has a lot more heart to it. Armando is a great character, and you can see why they're planning on moving ahead with him in a sequel, which I'll talk about later in the breakdown. after he helped her escape prison, isabel has been instructing a man down to take down all of the people involved in the cartels demise, and it's up to Mike and Marcus to catch him from the off. bad boys for life doesn't miss a step, and it really is a thrilling ride. considering it's been almost 20 years since bad boys - you would think that this would feel a bit dated and obsolete, but it doesn't at all. I really went into the movie expecting this to be a disaster, even though I loved the second film and thought the first was okay. I don't know, though, there was just something about that trailer that seemed pretty met to me. I'm happy to say, though, that I completely misjudged the film, and it's really, really good. the movie perfectly balances humor, action and drama. and this feels like a restarts the franchise on the right footing, and then kicks a field goal with it. Mike and Marcus really feel like their lives are at stake here. and whilst the other movies had their tongues placed firmly in their cheeks, here it appears they could go down at any second. that's no easy task, and the script is helped massively by its supporting cast, made up of Mike's ex Ritter, who is the lead on a group name which stands for advanced Miami Metro operations. in the end, Mike Marcus in um I'll go to Mexico City in order to confront Isabel, where Mike argues, where they're about how she raised a mando. Isabel tries to escape in a helicopter, but Marcus manages to down it, and he incapacitates the character. this causes a place to start, a place into the ending, and the big turn of one of the main villains. Mike confronts a mando to convince him that he's his father. and now he initially doesn't believe it. Isabel confirms it, much to his surprise. isabel tries to kill Mike, but shoots Armando instead. and she's taken out by Rita. with a fire raging at the location, it looks like it's over for our heroes, but our mando actually risks his life to save them. it's a big move for him, as the character almost dies himself. they managed to make it out, and then mike tells a man know that he will have to pay for his crimes. Mike will be there for him after this. Rita is named the new police captain, and Mike and Marcus are put in charge of ammo. they finally got that happy ending that they all wanted. and in the end, it turns out they were bad boys for life. [Music]. but that's your end. explain there. though this closes out the main part of the movie, that doesn't mean it's over. and the film actually sets up a sequel that we know is now being fast-tracked by Sony. before we get into that, though, I just want to let you know we're giving away a free copy of dr. sleep to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on bad boys for life in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of February in the cell be shipped out from then to ever get to the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. anyway, the mid-credits scene shows Mike visiting Armando in jail. the latter seems to have come to terms with his sentence, and he actually seems to repent for all of the bad things that he's done in his life. he's ready to pay his debt to society. however, mike has actually come to him with a proposition. though we don't know exactly what it is, I think it's safe to assume that this will help to shorten his sentence. and it may involve the two working together in order to get him out of jail faster than a chance card in monopoly. it looks like Mike's son will be getting a Redemption our next time. and no, it is possible that he could just be providing Intel from his cell because, yeah, let's face it, why would the Miami PD want him out in the world? I actually think that the two will team up together on a mission. but death, what about all those policemen he killed? look, shut up. this is bad boys for life. the guy's been a bad boy since he was born in prison. and I do think that the two will be working together to put the kid back on the right track. this scene clearly sets up a follow-up film. and we might be seeing a sequel sooner than the agonizing 17-year wait between this film and the last one. The Hollywood Reporter recently broke the news that crisp remnar a writer on bad boys for life, is currently panning the script for a fourth movie. Sony really had difficulties getting the sequel off the ground, and moved through several scripts and directors, but it now looks like they have the foundations in place to build upon this, and we will be seeing a follow up to bad grandpa, I mean, bad boys for life, very, very soon. as for the film itself, I had a hell of a lot of fun with it, and this is definitely my favorite out of the trilogy. I never thought that we would get to this point, but I'm so glad that we did. as the movie is a really right. January's are normally terrible for the a trickle releases, but this underwater, the gentlemen and in 1917, yeah, that there's been some brilliant entries that are pretty much made the month better than a lot of last year summer. I'm really glad that Sony took the time with this, because I'm sure they could have got whoever to write and direct the movie and dropped it in 2005 or something. they waited though, till everything was right and all of the pieces were in place here for a great film. and it definitely doesn't disappoint bad boys for life is a brilliant ride that brings everything to the table and seems to exceed in all of the elements that it tries to add out. this would be a late Oscar contender. but what's here is a blast, and that's why I get an 8 out of 10. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts and bad boys for life, and what you want to see in a sequel, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of our favorite movie of the month, 1917, which is gonna be linked at the end. we go over everything you need to know about the movie, so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you can support the show by subscribing to us and patreon. and if you want to come chat to us after the video, then make sure you join our discord server and description below, or follow us on twitter at definition whitey. that's the best way to keep up to date with everything we do at heavy spoilers, and hopefully we see it over there very, very soon. this is the channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 