welcome to the man of recaps. this is Westworld, season 3, episode 4. we start this episode off with William, the man in black. he seems to be in a bad way right now, totally lost it, just shooting up his own house. he has no idea what's real anymore. and it's, in fact hallucinating his daughter that he killed last season because he thought she was a host. eventually, though, Charlotte Hale shows up and snaps him out of it. she's like, hey, pull yourself together. so Rock is trying to buy out our company. I need you to look presentable and come talk to the board. help me take the company private elsewhere. Bernards hanging out at a cheap motel with his new best friend, Stubbs. he's on a mission to stop Dolores from conquering the world, and he's pretty much figured out her game plan, to kill important humans and replace them with hosts. he's built himself a clicker that turns hosts off, a lot like the one san roque has for me. so it's time for some classic undercover hijinks, as they're gonna infiltrate a fancy party and take Liam Dempsey out. of course, we know Bernards got this one wrong. Dempsey's not the host himself. Dolores replaced his Scottish security guy, but Bernard will find that out soon enough. Dolores and her new best friend, Caleb are also going undercover at the same fancy party. first they got a swing by the ATM though, which for them means bumping into this guy, then knocking him out and stealing his blood. yeah, he's Dempsey's money manager. they're transferring all his funds to Dolores, and he's got the authentication key in his bloodstream. armed with his blood, they go to the bank and are able to transfer all of Dempsey's money to Dolores. meanwhile, Ciroc takes me out on the town there at a fancy restaurant in Singapore. she's like, well, darling, if he wanted to really impress me, you should have brought me to Paris. he's like, oh, yeah. I guess you haven't heard cuz you spent your whole life in an Old West theme park. but Paris was nuked a while back. it no longer exists. that provides some sort of backstory and motivation for why he wanted to build her hobo um and set up a system that would like control the world, curbing all of the worst parts of humanity. so like cities don't get nukes anymore. turns out, though, her hobo home is not a perfect system for understanding the human psyche. the best map anyone has of the human mind is the secret Delos project at West world. Dolores has the key to that. that's why he wants her. and Dolores also knows where she sent the virtual host, Paradise world. so he's like, look, mate, if you bring me Dolores, we both get what we want, because then you can go join your daughter in virtual paradise. he brings her to Arnold's old house. this is where Dolores went when she first escaped Westworld. turns out she built five hosts here with the five pearls, the control centers of the hosts she smuggled out of the park. they interrogate the guys she bought her fake identities from, and he sends them up the chain to someone called the mortician. Ciroc immediately shoots him. he really has no respect for human life. it's kind of unclear who the good and bad guys are. this season, siroc is fighting to save humanity from the robot uprising. but he's clearly not a good guy, so maybe it's the underworld looking for the mortician. she's some sort of black-market surgeon that hooks people up with new identities. because, yeah, in the future, you can't just make a plastic ID. you need like, their blood to verify you. she says she only got one new identity for Delores. the other four came from the Yakuza. then it is fancy party time. these rich douchebags having a masquerade. these guys can't just hire an aging rock band and have an open bar? I mean, what is the future? come to Delores and Caleb. I hear they're gonna pick him up, but Bernard and Stubbs get to him first. it's super awkward for a minute. despertar tries to turn him off, and he's like, what are you doing, man? and I realizes Delores hasn't made him a host yet. and it's like, oh, come with me. we're here to save you. Delores comes to stop him with no subtlety, just firing shots at this party. she sends Caleb to go get Dempsey, while she stays behind to fight Stubbs and I say fight, but really it's just a bump in on Stubbs. nobody's really concerned, by the way, because they're all on drugs and think this is just part of some show. so mate goes to the Yakuza. and, by the way, she's got her powers fixed. she can just hack anything electronic with her mind. this is incredibly convenient. when the Yakuza guards all have self targeting computerized guns. she's able to control them all, make them shoot themselves up. and because they're the Yakuza, it's not weird that they have katanas laying around. so, yes, its katana time. these barrels are leaking the white milky substance, the stuff that they make hosts with. what's going on? turns out the Yakuza boss is a host. yeah. that's the Shogun world version of Hecht or Musashi. he's pretty mad at me for leaving him behind, but maybe like, no, no, you wanted to stay behind. we were friends. man. this isn't the real you. Dolores put one of her friends pearls in your mind. who is that you? Teddy Kaleb catches up with Bernard, and he's like, oh, are you one of us? and Caleb's like, what do you mean? he has no idea. he's in the middle of a robot uprising. he thinks Dolores is just some cool resistance chick. then Connells shows up, the Scottish security guy, but he takes out the rest of the security team. her huan super confused. no one has any idea who's on whose side here. he sends the humans away to have a chat with Bernard Williams, got himself cleaned up, ready to go to the board meeting. he has one last chat with his dead daughter, where he's like, I know you're not real. I feel guilty. I'm sorry I killed you, but I've got to move on. but Charlotte's like, hey, have a nice talk with your daughter. yeah, I know you've been hallucinating her. and Charlotte reveals to him that she is a host. so now we have three of Dolores, his robot allies, all getting their identity revealed at the same time. whose control units did she smuggle out of the park and who's in whose body? turns out that's a red herring, because Delores put herself in all of them. if you want something done right, do it yourself. so maven Samurai Dolores have a katana fight, but, oh, he kills her. swats men show up for backup, so maybe we'll probably be revived. William freaks out and attacks Charlotte Dolores, but the security guys grab him. and turns out these guys aren't Dillo security. they're from a mental hospital. Dolores Charlotte set him up ranting about robot uprisings. he seems super crazy and is going away for a long time, giving all of his voting power to Charlotte. Scottish Dolores takes Bernard shut down unit, but we don't see what he does with him for now. then Kaleb catches up with Dempsey. he's like, who are you working for? and it's like, the ex-girlfriend that you thought you had killed when our divorce is plans for Dempsey. now find out next time on West world. hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion. 