[Music], let's go, Maury. any deaf crystals from 4po Jalan Prime? there's a way we do this now. Morty, would you please accompany me to for bow Jalan prime for death crystals? well, thank you for asking. yes, I will do that. jeez, you're really this pissed about my mom making sure I'm okay with our adventures? what's next? Morty, what if I want you to jump off the Empire State Building? I have to ask, yes, yes. crystals show you how you're gonna die. oh, my god, Jessica. Oh, Jessica. I want to die with Jessica. what a die old and stop driving. [Music], alright, now, take that to the trunk and insert it into the clone compiler. see, you appear to be holding a death crystal that's guiding your decisions for them. what are you doing with my clothes? okay, I'm you. I took my own clone VAT offline a couple seasons ago, so I think my backup got rerouted to your universe. I'm sorry. [Music], sorry I didn't listen to you and tried to kill the whole world and stuff. yes, I got to learn how to live in the moment a little more. oh boy. so you actually learned something today. what is this? full house. this family have a clean start. I don't know if adventures fit into my son's legs. I'm fine. get off Rick's back. Rick wasn't even here when I was doing all that stuff. that was all on me. well, alright, Morty. I would have comfort the people who are dying, who have no one else in their life. I'm gonna look at their nametags, and I'm gonna say, I love you, followed by whatever it says on their nametag, over and over. what the [ __ ] what does it say? do not develop my app on your interns forehead. why you want to develop one? I'm glad you asked that, Jerry. it's so you don't develop his app. now, if you'll excuse me, I've got a quick solo adventure to go on, and this one will not be directed by Ron Howard. he's gonna go poop when Grandpa Rick spots his belly like that, only without more do you means he's going to go poop? he's a shape where he has a secret pooping place. [ __ ] you sweetie, got it serviced on the mothership. where's the mothership? it's coming. take us to it. yes, shake it more Morty. that was working - the mothership. we are the man Naga Tron's. while your species was still toying with fire, hours master the science of functioning, committed relationships. as the latest planner to develop our app, you will now witness the true power of superior intimacy. nation. your loves value is defined by scarcity. you are highly trained to seek it, and you have no idea how to maintain it. had you bothered to master love, you would have learned by now, it is as abundant as water that [ __ ] runs out. so we'll be taking yours. well, next time you stumble onto a toilet that feels too good for your ass, trust me, it is. you're not gonna kill me. don't tell me what to do. all of these people are living their wildest, meaningless dreams and leaving me out of them, people you refuse to kill and refuse to let into your life and offer you rejected. so here's your last chance. goodbye forever. if you touch my toilet again, you died a friend. odd wall. [ __ ]. this was the paper. come on, mom, let's go home. great. we lost earth. is Tony here? just wanted to drop these off. and you tell him the toilets all his he'll, he'll know what I mean. Tony died. excuse me, hey, Tony's dad, this is some eight-billion in your local currency. and, uh, this is a kit you can use a clone a new son. I understand it's a hard losing a friend. [ __ ] you one. there he is. there's our guy. Congrats, Tony. have fun with your stupid toilet that you can use all by yourself. now, his majesty, this piece of garbage in the entire cosmos. long live the Big, Bad Voodoo Daddy. may his reign last a thousand years. all right, then let's loot this cork calling card from miles nightly, a heist artist, aka a hipster dick, whose adventures are 60% putting a crew together and 40% revealing that the robbery already happened. and he's not worth our time because he's a hack piece-of-shit. Rick Sanchez, everyone, smartest man in the universe and a savage critic of the high sting arts about this rivalry can be settled with words. why don't we make things interesting. I challenge you to heist the Crystal Skull of Horowitz. hi, stop. this is really coming together. you know, Rick, I've been busy working on writing a heist strip. yeah, you almost never bring it up. oh, [ __ ] we should head over. told you, Morty, he still got it, you sons of [ __ ]. what's the giant program to always be looking for the next big score? you're programmed to do as I say. I am programmed to double-cross. if I were, it wouldn't be much of a double-cross. we need your help, Rick, Morty, why me? did something happened to Elon Musk in your own reality? no, he's fine. but this is a team operation, and regular Elon can be a little bit control it appears the only perfect heist is one that was never written. goodbye. you know, that screenplay that I've been writing, Netflix is pretty interested. and I've actually got a pitch meeting there today at 3:30. Oh, buddy. oh, that's amazing. yeah. well, I know you're gonna say that they're interested in anything, but, you know, it's a big deal to me. crazy day, huh? whole sky turned out to be a big circuit. Lord, hear about this heist movie. okay, so it's kind of all built around this big crew with like, a cool double cross, and then this big, awesome twist where there's like another kid. if you're slowing down cuz you think you're doing bad right now, Jesus Christ, are really good padding it, man. you know, I, I'm starting to think heists are just really dumb now. you know, man, it's as if someone stole his enthusiasm for his own idea. yeah, without him even knowing. [Music], are you still working on that stupid heist strip? if Morty ever gives up on a single dream, it better be because of his own disillusionment. I said, I'll do it for a dragon. you said, whatever I want, my dragon. Laura Z of all treaty Twix to the realms of dragon that man, I got. it's my first gay wedding right here. by buying to this noble Serpent and rider at the soul, here's your tome of dragons, spells and lore, that'll have everything you need enjoy your dragon. so then, why are you talking? why should that matter? why should it not matter? how do I know I'm not hallucinating? Rick said, this is an abnormal event. you always need Rick to tell you what's going on. you have bested me. I am at your service. good to be on the same parchment. now I'm gonna tell my grandson you ran off with the loot. morning I can inflate feel better now. refunds. your dragon soul bonded with my grandpa. oh my, I am so sorry. that is a total violation. Oh, share on. you say mouth. [ __ ], does it feel like you're with me? because your soul got tangled in a if he dies while your soul bonded, you die to Morty. the moral of this story is, bros rescue dragons. [Music], mom told me she wanted me to stay here to make sure you didn't die. will you tell your mother that I'm gonna be fine. don't train your child to like, change your atomic matrix slightly lighter than air, and now your shoes are heavier than air, which makes you neutrally buoyant. not a danger. there's nothing out here. early everything is out here, because you're always so helpful. what is that? obviously, it's a space snake. all right, all right. just let me analyze the snakes planet so I can whip up an anti-venom were able to fling one this far out before they slithered into extinction. Oh, God, killed there. what's his name there? buzz, aspirin. wait, go back. I can't be the reason why 19 billion snakes lost. oh, ho, that's right, Morty. only 19 billion snakes can do that. that species was never getting beyond this station here. just just watch [Music] fall out of the sky. will be in the sky, Beth, unless it's possible for Jerry to [ __ ] up wearing shoes. oh, crap. target acquired. give them proof that there was something bigger and scarier to unite against. you little idiot. they would have gone back into the dark ages for a couple of generations. but instead, they dedicated themselves into making universe destroying unthought out technology like time travel. you didn't think I could hang lights without killing myself? look, I'd want to be a strong man for you, but the truth is, the truth is, I'm coming home with the best lights. what's up snakes? time travel, they'd hear what how the [ __ ] did? okay, okay, I'm on it. you a smart snake, huh? you using tools now? huh? those tools gonna turn into you manipulating a fabric? [Music], well, this is better than them attacking us all. so that's about as much curvature as you're gonna get from a time travel story. you know what? this one counts as one of your adventures. Jerri, I was worried about you. just killing some snakes up here, like everyone else, I guess, and finishing the Christmas lights. wait, the whole time I was screaming for help, and you stayed on the roof. I couldn't hear you over my own screaming. [Music], you 