hi guys. sci-fi recapped here before we start. morning. spoilers ahead. today, i'm going to explain a drama and science fiction movie called lx 2048. in the future, humans have adapted to be nocturnal due to not being able to go out unprotected in the sun. ai and vr have taken over most aspects of life. this event leads to mental health problems, as everyone is taking a substance called lithium x to numb their depression. there are also clones, the only ones that can go out during time. a man named adam bird is on a day meeting with a doctor named dr reese, who is giving a checkup on adam's body. adam has been skipping his medication for a long time. later, she tells adam the results, that his heart is in failing condition. knowing this, the doctor brings up the program that he's in called premium three. she also tells adam about how the program will help his wife and their three kids after he's gone. hearing this makes adam shocked and depressed. she then tells adam, if he's reluctant, he can ask for his wife to put up the requests. he then refuses. turns out he and his wife are currently separated. before leaving, he asks dr reese if she's a clone. it is revealed that dr reese is a clone. later, adam calls his wife and tells her that he's dying from heart failure. but his wife doesn't really care about his condition than she hangs up. after that, he goes to work in a safety suit to block the sun. there he's alone meeting with his coworker inside vr called realm. he says that their company almost goes under and they need to stop investing in vr tech because there's a new technology called chip. in the end, his advice got ignored by his coworker. at night, he visits his wife, named rina, to tell his condition in person. he tells about his heart condition and his plan before he dies to support his family. reina then says that he needs to figure it out himself before he dies, so he won't be dying like such a loser. then he goes home. feeling sad. at home, adam immediately looks for information on someone named donald stein, who is the engineer of premium 3 and chip. after that, he goes to the realm and meets with his virtual girlfriend named maria. not long after, donald suddenly points a gun at him in his awkward sleeping position. donald asks him how adam knows about him and his connection with premium 3 and chip. adam then tells him that he knows him from when he first signed up for premium 3. it is revealed that premium 3 is an insurance company that will make a clone version for people that join the program. donald then starts to open up and reveals that he first invented premium 3 and chip to construct his virtual lover. then adam also reveals about his condition with rena. at first, because each one of his family is busy connected to the realm every day, he feels empty. because of this, he starts to have intercourse using a doll with his virtual lover, maria. this action of adam is seen by rena, and then she files a restraining order against him, supported by his action and how he skips his medication. then donald tells him to forget about rena and offers him a clone of maria. hearing this, adam looks enlightened and forgot about his company. the next night, rina comes to his house. she convinces him to replace himself with a clone and asks him to enjoy his days before he dies. at first, adam is very angry about this, but in the end, he calms down and accepts what rina wants him to do. because adam already agrees to what rena wants. rina changes adam's name to richard burbidge, and his clone is already in the making process. when rina goes out to her car, suddenly she gets hit by a car and dies. later, police come to ask him about how he wants to clone rena. he then immediately orders a clone of rein into his house. the next night, a clone of maria suddenly comes to his house. this makes adam feel very happy and very shocked at the same time. while maria goes to take a bath, adam checks her bag and finds a tiny chip. it is revealed that this tiny chip contains everything a person is. moments later, maria says that she likes adam, but she doesn't love him, so she wants to leave to feel real love. this leaves adam in a state of panic and depressed. the next night, there's someone banging hard on the front door of his house. this makes adam panicking scared, but he goes to check the door anyway. turns out this someone is adam's clone that has been ordered by rena before. adam's clone is better at everything, starting from how he plays guitar. and his body is also better than the original adam. adam then feels so scared and confused about how can someone construct an upgraded life with the exact same memory. he also says that both of them only need one atom. so he takes his gun and points it to the clone. because the clone is designed with a self-defense system, the clone fights back at adam. eventually, they dropped the gun, and it accidentally shot right between the eyes of one of the atom and it caused him to die in place. after that, adam buries the other atom. the surviving atom then goes back to his home. and not long after that, rina's clone arrives at his house. it is revealed that the surviving atom is adam's clone. at the end of the film, the two clones plan on cloning their three kids to make a family full of clones. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like to help the channel out. thank you for watching. 