if you really want to do this, let's take in an older kid who no one else in the whole damn world is gonna help. i don't care what dress size you wear. you're not good enough, honey. it wasn't about my weight. it's about my lack of ability, which is fantastic, cause i can do this. manny, say what casey? it's not your fault. the show is so bad. it's you guys. i quit worry. i have been drunk for weeks, and i need to get a handle on it before i can walk back into that house. if you have a problem, we will fix it together. can you do that? what are you doing? if i can find people who roll their tongue, it could be my birth parents. hello, hey kevin. uh? it's ron howard calling. um, i'm prepping a movie right now that i'm gonna direct. you would be perfect. i would. you know, we have to tell the girls right we're gonna foster a kid, bring another child into the home. they need to know about it. what if we get a kid that has serious issues that we're not prepared for? i'm worried. you know, you never really talk about your dad's death. [Music]. we have to find kev. you need to hear from me. handyman with triplets. he's a construction foreman, and he does very well for himself, not well enough. he cannot support three children. let's do one for your father. ah, those are mine in the what's the matter? you're okay? everybody's okay? no, everything is it? is it always like this? it's worse when there's a lot going on. so is it still there? it's still there. congratulations. you're officially six weeks alone. one of the things that helps me when i'm feeling stressed though, is running. she told you what i said. i've been working my ass off, and i am finally on the brink of something special. and i will be damned if i let this stupid knee destroy another one of my dreams. my life before i met you back wasn't great. i just tried to get away from my father. he pushed a stranger on me, and that stranger became my child, and that child became my life. deja, your mom might not be coming back for a while. me, yes, she will. [Music], why did you choose to get drunk? you embarrassed me in front of my friends. pregnant. oh, that's wonderful. oh, i'm not happy. i'm ecstatic. i'm a quiver. i want to put on my happy song, and i'm going to be all because this might not happen. in fact, it probably won't happen. i wasn't good at football. tokyo was great. [Music], listen, i was hoping we could get one more refill on the prescription. but i don't know why. it's that big of a deal. our dad died, and it's very sad. you never talk about it well, you know, because i don't want to wallow in sadness about it. i have a problem between wallowing and actually having a normal conversation about it. what? i'm 37, and because of my weight, you know, you don't want to jinx things. it's not about jinxing. [Music], this is about hope that it doesn't turn disastrous. kevin, you're, you're spiraling. what's going on? this isn't you when i dream of our future together. [Music], sophie, it's a nightmare. i need to tell you something. it's okay. i already know kate lost a baby. apparently there was a mix-up. her visit wasn't cleared. but so she's not coming. i just need somebody to help me. it's need help. pleasing days is the one good thing i've done. and the second i get out of here, i'm coming back for her. you're gonna have to go through me. i've been through worse. uncle kevin, slow down. uh, oh. you two. what? put your seat belt on. what are you doing here? i married my best friend's wife. i've been on the outside of this family since i entered it. all your children, you love equality. i'm sure that you do. just admit that you love randall moore's perfect. easier. i want to buy this building with you, beth. [Music], kevin's in rehab. i let kevin get sent to rehab. you need structure. you need a healthy routine. you're right. it's exactly why i know where i need to be. i think i don't want to try and start the business again. big three homes. no, no, jack, kevin's not here. he was with sophie last night. my foster dad helped me with that. hey. he went back in for the dog. they dropped the charges. i'm here for my daughter. [Music], i'm gonna miss her. me too. you took in a tremendous amount of smoke. must really love that dog. i really love the girl that loves the dog. hello, your husband went into cardiac arrest. mrs pierson, your husband has died. plus, you know what i thought of the first time i heard your name? i thought of the expression deja vu. because you remind me a little of myself when i was younger. my dad's tree came to have a talk with him. you know, mom, you were really strong for us when it happened. i can't even imagine what that must have been like for you. just want to make sure that you're safe and you're well taken care of. we're making it work. if seeing you is giving me that sweet, sweet deja vu feeling, i think that means it's gonna happen for you, too. i failed deja. no, you didn't. no, i failed her, and i can't keep failing her. [Music], i gotta go, and i can't take her with me. no, it's not doing this whole big wedding thing without your dad's gonna be hard. and we're here at the family cabin, which is probably bringing up a lot of memories. please, don't run away, bride me toby. i feel like the moment she heard her mom say to the judge that she wanted to terminate all parental rights, something switched in her. beth is my cousin, but the girls like to call me their aunt, cause beth, she's like sister to me, cause her mom raised me, dumped me in their house when i was seven or eight. i said she'd be back in a few weeks. each other. um, your mother and i, we need you to know that we have concerns about kate. now. you're gonna marry this new woman who clearly has issues you can't fix, and we're worried that you're headed down the same path. oh, sweetie, you were severely depressed for a very long time. listen, i think you need to hear this. kate is not like josie, all right? she would never hurt me. she cares about me. i don't know why toby hasn't been in the dreams i'm having, but i do know that he is the perfect guy for me though. [Music], it seemed like you were having a moment, so you did it. i did mom. i know that our stuff can be complicated. sometimes i want to be a singer like you. i want to be a mom like you. i want to have a marriage like yours. you're going to meet someone who's better than me. he's gonna be stronger and handsomer. that's the guy you're gonna marry. oh, he is one lucky guy, a guy that gets to marry you, kitty girl. you two are the spinning image of your mother, but you, you look just like your father. she said, kevin, if you don't allow yourself to to grieve dad's death, it'll be like taking a giant breath in and just holding it there. it's important that we do that, that we just let go of those things we've been holding on to. so so here we go, because nobody knows where we'll be. [Music], not even a year from now. hello folks. i will be landing vietnam shortly, where it's at balmy, 85 degrees. i just spoke to the doctor. i want you to come in tomorrow talk about adjusting your meds. choosing our people is the closest we come to controlling our destiny. if you choose right, your people will stay the same 10 years from now. [Music], it's time to go see a test. i'm not ready. me neither. when i look at you, i know in my bones that in choosing each other, you have chosen perfectly. hey toby. i liked your toast. i've um always been a sucker for a good toast. thank you. you 