I'm sorry. I wanted to let you have your moment, but I just couldn't hold it in. you think this is funny? I think I'm impressed, miss Venable. I wasn't sure you've had it in you. you've passed the test. you're perfect for the sanctuary. what's up everybody? welcome back to another breakdown. Hey, Ryan's here. yeah, I was in Santa Monica traffic last week, Greg, but I survived, just like Brock, because I wanted to break down another episode of the show with you. this is episode 3, forbidden fruit. and also, guys, we love your comments, so please keep them coming. and we're gonna actually feature a few of our favorites later on in this breakdown. so stay tuned. now, don't forget to hit that subscribe button so you don't miss any of these breakdowns. after you subscribe, click that link in the description to enter our guardians of galaxies giveaway, courtesy of our friends at fun comm. hurry up, because the contest runs until October 1st. everyone, and I mean everyone, should savor this night as if it were their last. alright, Greg, so forbidden fruit. and if it wasn't obvious before, now we have actual apples and snakes that hold Garden of Eden, Adam and Eve. metaphoric, it's your own right over the head. yeah, I love it. we now, Timothy and Emily are the only characters we know so far. they have to do something with their blood. rare. picked for this special DNA. yes, special DNA. so even though we saw him croak at the end of this episode, our IP they may come back around. yeah. when you dine this show, you don't actually die. there's, you know, the witches can bring you back. apparently you don't die, you only multiply. first off the top, let's give a shout out to some of the editing that we liked during the interrogation, and Michael is going through each one of the survivors. there's a very fun use of editing in terms of getting from each and every person. yeah. and it felt was like one conversation, but you knew it happened over multiple Jake Utz and L cuts all together. and for a second you're like, wait, was that Michael Landon's voice? oh, oh no, no, it's, it's not, it's okay. they're switching between characters. I liked it. they did a very similar thing in Legion? yes, I think I believe. back in season one with Lennie, when she's a therapist and and kind of interrogating, in questioning, all the inhabitants of clockworks, it was really well done here. and I love the use of editing. and in this, in this case, I think you're made for that world, Mallory. I sense it in you. I'm just sitting down to get ready into this episode, and all of a sudden, Mallory throws this line out there, there's something inside me, someone's trying to crawl out. it's trying to crawl out of me. like, wait, what? what? hold on. we thought this was just literally an assistant, a background character, that it would have nothing with the main, you know, story. but it turns out that she has the secret power. yes, she could be a witch. she could be an angel. we'll come back to that later. but it's a cool scene. all of a sudden Michael Langdon transforms into a demon, and then, boom, you get the fire. great way to open the show. yes, one of the first moments we see him with the special power we saw previously when he's unlocking things. and kind of, maybe his telepathy int ain't making me, people make decisions. but now we actually see the literal demon inside of him. was a cool little shot. and then her, and her, she seemed extremely powerful. no, I was shocked that they went this direction quickly. - yeah, the first five minutes they get it in. it like, let you know, alright, there's more to what you're seeing here, especially with different characters, including Dina. yeah, I find out that also, she is, at least we think she's a witch. yeah. now, it goes without saying that Michael is a bit shocked about Mallory's powers, and he needs to have a little one-on-one combo with his dad, Satan. can't just FaceTime him or, you know, send an email. he has to literally call do a whole satanic ritual, make a pentagram in the ground, of course, and the snakes have to rise. pretty trippy scene there. and he's, he makes us one line, this is one line about that he thought he rid the whole earth of them. and he got rid of them all. mm-hmm. it was just the wicked, you know, I can't because he just saw Dina, and she's a witch or something, why didn't he just kill her off right there? immediately? he said she wasn't powerful enough. so it has to be something more than just the witch, maybe a supreme maybe an angel. yeah. so like, he's basically been wiping out outpost, outpost, we believe. but also specifically looking for it may be the most powerful among Steve I've errs that would even stop him from his end goal. destroyed one, survived. and then we get our most meta moment of the show, where actually had a few meta moments, and I hope they continue. but the first one happens to be with Mead and her background history. and we get her as a Rosie the robot for Halloween. her story's broken down into just different Halloween years. yeah, that's really cool. I was perfect on like, a rather celebrating Halloween for this episode. and then to go back years time, jump to different Halloween's the meta moment of the Rosie the robot. perfect spot on her first, one of her first dates, I believe. yes, with Rosemary's Baby. creepy, yeah. but the creepy dude and her first horror film, Rosemary's Baby. and then she was a an agent of Mossad and fighting a terrorist, yes. and her first kill. now, the thing about all those scenes, they're just memories downloaded to her. so not real. as we learned out the episode before, she is a robot, an Android of some sorts, as when she got shot. so they aren't real memories. someone put those memories inside of her. and later on, we find out that the memories that were put inside her root because of Michael Langdon himself. and he also was hiding certain memories that hidden, 100 realize yet. and Michael decided to play a little joke on their having a B but the meta moments of her being Rosie the robot and then going to see Rosemary's Baby, it's so cool. and the last one, the fight scene. I'm curious, did he just watch an episode of the Americans the bat tour, or the scene from Kill Bill, or any fighters barriers? oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. there's got to be some fight scene that he watched and just said, I'm just gonna copy and paste this and put it into her brain. that's a great, that's a great point. as evil as Michael is, he made have she might have some taste in pop culture, TV and films, right? in order to put these into someone's memory and to create that whole, that whole scene, but yeah, pretty, pretty crazy reveal that not only was she a robot, we found out last episode, but now that she's been fabricated to think a certain way and to obey certain commands down the line. and then Meade gives us this great line, goddamn robot. never forget you loyalty to me. I love you. Kathy Bates, yes, we do. please, please. we love you. I love you so much. I never felt love. neither have i. well, you have family. so this whole thing went down, like, into 2019, and we're just was to believe that there are, like, androids amongst us, like the co-operative just builds androids in the background. yes, they're just, you'd have to go with it that the co-operative somehow build androids. now, there's probably more than one, if they wouldn't just press on. has be multiple. yes, there's a West world inside of American Horror Story. all right, no surprise. I think you called this. Brock is still alive. I knew there had to be one more scene with Brock. and not only did they bring him back, they brought him back to go get his revenge on KOCO. I perfect. Billy Eichner gave us a little hint that he might be coming back, though, in a tweet earlier week before. so pay close attention to those actors tweets. they kind of give a little bit of Ryan Murphy's probably gotta tell him to stop doing that. but for now, it's been pretty cool. I've been waiting on something like this. and I love the schlocky mess of having him come back. and like this Mad Max vibe. he's now in a shock, knocking guys down one by one. I loved it. very post-apocalyptic world. he's just surviving. I was like shocked that he survived all that. the cannibals. I was a scavengers, the guns that might bring him back. yeah, I just, I don't know why, what? he wasn't believable. he could barely get out of Santa Monica traffic, and now he's killing people. I just go with it. but after this scene, there's no way you can just go and wait, wait, how how is he supposed to be? there's no way he should be alive. you just have to go with it, right? it's totally so Brock makes it to outpost three, doing the Sideshow Bob Katie here. you know, underneath things, the horse carriage filled with, of course, apples. of course, he pulls a Snake Plissken. he gets in there and, you know, stays undercover. I don't know where he got the mask, but great guy. but the alarm goes off. of people like, enter. no return. the alarms off. they turn the alarms off again. all right, back to Mallory, and we get a really fun, I can't believe I'm saying this, x-men Easter egg from mutant Mallory. I was pretty surprised by this. maybe it was the blast, the radiation did something. and now I'm like, The Dark Phoenix, what are you saying? are you saying you have superpowers? now, Greg, Dark Phoenix. the trailer just dropped the night of American Horror Story, apocalypse, Episode three. they had to plan this, right? they planned it probably for the movie. yes, not the trailer, because at the same time, why didn't they have the trailer attached to this episode? they should have just had it promoted the trailer. why would they put her on The Late, Late Night show? very good choice of words. Dark Phoenix. I feel like Dark Phoenix. Wow. [Music]. okay, next up, Rosie, the robot decides to poison the apples with the venom from sneeze. decides yet. her decision, her decision. well, it goes off splendidly. yeah. but before that, they do a little bobbing for apples, yep, which is a callback to the first season murder house, where they're actually bobbing for apples. yeah. we saw this really great tweet from at hailstorm underscore. all I'm thinking about is how Chad would be pissed that they aren't bobbing for granny smith apples. I thought that was a great way to call back a previous, you know, season and have an element that they use back then Murder House. but also, this was just a genius way to kill off a bunch of people. everyone immediately gets violently sick, throwing up, blood, throw up, vomit, everything. hose. they had up the hose. it was very over-the-top, but it was, it was amazing. yes, it reminds me of my, one of my all-time favorite films, you know, the arthouse, classic problem child too. [Music]. you know what? I prefer the sandlot. that chewing tobacco, seam, tomato, tomahto then a little meat, go to Michael's room. and they decide to just bring a gun with them. yeah, good luck guys with one little pistol. okay, yeah. he's just like typing away, like, just sending emails, just like updating his myspace and some stuff like that. and then we've quickly learned that he was in control of Meade the entire to the entire time. and then commands her to kill Venable. now, there's a very significant moment in this conversation with Mead and Mike Rowe. Langdon. Langdon tells her that she was based off someone very dear to him, someone that loved him. is it constant? it has to be constants laying tonight, I assume. so he did his grandmother. why didn't he just say his grandmother? yeah, didn't want to reveal too much. it may be, it's too obvious, though. but I feel like, you know, we're supposed to get kostas Langdon, like an episode six, I believe, this season. my question is, how how do we get there? is is, are we gonna get time travel? I think it's going to be time travel. I have a feeling. I'm almost certain it's time travel. you're wiped out, right? everything's gone. so she's gone. this is the only thing left of her is Miz Meade, yes, is in that robot brain of hers. so at the very end, you're thinking, okay, which is the gosh, it has to, it has to happen. everyone's gone, except for Michael and Rosie. so there something has to happen here at this point in the show. and now you've killed off Sarah Paulsen's first character, mm-hmm. and now it's time to bring in, probably time to bring back her. yeah. [Music], find our sisters. now, that song, of course, is Rolling Stones. she's a rainbow, and it plays as the coven witches arrive over to outpost three. it kind of feels like the coven witches might be that rainbow at the end of the storm, that storming. Michael Langdon, of course. and by the way, that song is off the Rolling Stones album called their satanic Majesties request. I think that's pretty fitting for this show right now, I like to think so. now, the three witches that arrived to outpost three are Myrtle snow, Madison Montgomery and of course, Cordelia Fox, yes. and they revived their sisters, which happened to be, of course, Malory, Dena and Coco. I was shocked. okay, all right, surprise. [ __ ]. I bet you thought you'd seen the last of me. now, it seems to me that she knows Malory, mm-hmm. they know each other. Malory doesn't seem to know her, but immediately, something's inside her. someone's inside hers. so the August theory that's floating around on the Internet is that these three new sisters, new witches, aren't totally new, that they might have people inside them, the previous witches, zoe, queenie and misty pasa, inside them. now, okay, I can see that, and I would love it there's a little twist where Dena isn't Queenie, it's actually Coco's Queenie's like, you know, wrap it up. you're like, okay, she's black. she's black. so they probably are Queen I would love that there's a little twist there. we'll see. now, the other option is that those witches from coven are still back in New Orleans, or wherever they're, you know, safe, and that these are just three new, literal sisters that they're trying to recruit to the coven in order to help them in their fight against Michael Langdon. I can see that. but I have a feeling there's more going on here, and it has to do at Halloween. we'll get to that a little bit later, though. but for now, let's get to our favorite moments. yes. and mine has to be when Brock gets his revenge on Coco. we saw it coming. I was waiting for this, and it's really spot-on, especially the final line, happy Halloween. [ __ ]. and this line from KOCO that she slips the Mallory right here. the closest thing we had to a Christmas feast was stew. yeah, those were great moments. um. I really enjoyed. it's gonna sound sound grotesque, but the a death Apple, seen the bobbing for apples that literally killed everyone, right? it was, it was over the top. it was campy. I mean, you could literally almost see the tubes behind their mouths spewing all the fake vomit. I think that was a lot of fun to shoot. probably not to clean up, right? but a lot of fun. look, just junk for the act. it looks disgusting. it didn't look too realistic, but they had fun with it. I never minded. I reminded us, obviously, of a couple movies TV shows, family guys, another one. a lot of fun with that one. I really also did like how meta got with the the moments of Miz Meade and her background, and, you know, finding out that she's an Android, and that she had all these memories kind of programmed into her. I thought it was really spot-on and fun. I just really enjoy anything with Kathy Bates. okay, so we pulled a few of our favorite comments from last week's episode, so here they are. eighty says, I think the sanctuary is the murder house where Michael was born. maybe. I I'm not on board with that theory. I think the murder house is gone in LA. I think it's, it's been wiped out. I don't there's anything left. that's a good, that's a good point. now, do you think the sanctuary actually exists? mm-hmm. I think some kind of sanctuary does exist. I think there's something going on here. but is the sanctuary? hell, yeah. I don't know if we want to go to the sanctuary. I don't think it's an ideal destination. I don't think that's there. you don't want to take that trip. oh my god, don't. my only question of with from this tweet is, you know, if, if, if you think the murder house is gone, then how are we gonna get to see some of those characters later in the season? I guess it goes back to our theory on time travel. mm-hmm. next comment is from Vanessa James. I hope I'm pronouncing that correctly. Cody fern, aka Michael, gives me a vampire vibe. he looks like a young Tom Cruise on interview with a vampire. I'm a new fan, Vanessa. I cannot agree with you anymore. it was definitely spot-on. interview with a vampire vibe. said, he said that since the beginning. and I think, just a casting wise, perfect choice. Cody fern is doing an exceptional job. I said it last week. I'm gonna say it probably every week. and his screen presence, every time he's on camera, I'm like, here we go. it is great. totally. and can we talk about the hair? yeah, there's gonna be a lot of Halloween costumes, I'm assuming, as Michael Langdon will see. the last comment comes from Athena Sita. I do think it's possible that Michael is looking to end humanity by turning them against each other. however, I would not count out the possibility that he might be looking to rebirth the human race, aka the Adam and Eve theory. but in his image of darkness and evil. do you believe that all people, if given the right pressures or stimulus, are evil? [ __ ], hmm, got on. yeah. so he wants to have the last two people remaining the evil as hell? yes? or I don't. I don't think. I don't think Timothy and Emily are those choices then, no, back wanted have sex, like I would love it. they're just a distraction, and they're not coming back. but they're and he's testing, he's trying. he's looking for the most evil to go with him. mm-hmm. guys, thank you so much these comments. we literally try to read every single one of them down there. so keep them coming, and we're gonna feature a lot of your comments in the coming breakdowns down the road. well, can be saved by you, by all of us. I can sense your power. we need your help. how can any of you defeat me when I've already won? okay? and finally, let's jump into predictions. Ryan. what do you got? I think, the more you and I talk about this, that there's definitely gonna be some time travel involved. we see a glimpse in the preview for next week that Madison is working, like in a, in a home goods store or a Walmart, and and that she first comes face to face with Michael Langdon. so I think that's in the past somehow, or it's got to be. it's got to be back then. and I think that's how we're gonna get to, like, a lot of the coven characters, in a lot of the Murder House characters. I don't think a lot, I agree with you, I think a lot of those characters are gone. I think a lot of them were wiped out by the end of the world. so I think it's gonna be a lot of time travel in order to stop Michael Langdon. now that being said, what if that glimpse at Madison and Michael's conversation is actually Michael kind of bringing her out of hell? what if that is her, Madison's personal hell, and he is bringing her out of, you know, the depths of Hell and bringing her back? so I would just be cautious about Madison and her intentions. I may be she can't be trusted. maybe Michael has a bigger scheme and a bigger plan down the road here, and he knew that these witches were gonna be up, you know, out to get him. I dig that. but at the same time, I wonder if what we saw was just backstory in this trailer for everything we need to know about the witches and what led up to this moment via apocalypse. with that said, if we're gonna take it that way, I wonder if the witches showed up because we're dealing with the Days of Future past thing. they brought up Dark Phoenix earlier, their name-dropping x-men characters there. I feel like they're setting us up for really a scene where Mallory is gonna say that, is this like Days of Future past? I feel like it's coming because the witches are there. and they may only be there because it's Halloween, the one day that the dead can be amongst the living. I feel like we're, we're getting something like that, where they're there to somehow beam someone's mind or memory, just like x-men, Kitty Pryde and Wolverine and sending them back to the past to try to fix the events before Michael Langdon just takes out the entire planet. Wow. so do you think that the rest of the season might then just occur over the course of this Halloween night? mm-hmm. that's how you get Constance Langdon back. that's how you get back the murder house. and I feel like that's where they're going here. they're gonna send someone back in time try to fix the events. that would be nuts. it's done right, it could be great. I just hope they don't go, we got to go back and stop tape Langdon from, you know, conceiving Michael when did stuff like that. I hope they don't go that far back. we'll see. that's it for us this week, guys. thank you so much for watching. let us know your theories and predictions in the comments below, and you can always hit us up on Twitter whenever you want. I'm at Gregg up T what if I 5? i'ma try narc P alright. let's get out of here. i I'm kind of hungry. I need them an apple. get an apple. no, no, I dunno. I need a delicious red apple. Granny Smith right 