yeah, this is recap. reps. y'all asked for it, so here it is. animal seasons 1 through fat. here we got BCD to show way more hardcore Knicks ball feel. looks like Cupcake Wars. couldn't get the right to the dark night self or white bread. hog guy, but he's a hot guy. he go oversized yacht, capsized. that he's suicide, but room. but he learned some scary maneuvers. five years later, back in that cooler city of stars, turned suddenly Chuck. Chuck office. looks like he already has started. gotta keep it tight. CrossFit all night. tennis, ball archery. again. a he's white, heated, rude to go got his back and run the lab. and she's all that. but his best friendship has been abandoned, cuz he was driving up laurels Canyon mama q1 to her zipper for Eminem, who gets the whole hood to quiver and Shake till it blows. he got arrows and bows. why you ask, to Elodie, I suppose enter slayed. an assessment the power of Deadpool mix with Debbie Downer. no discretion, no depth perception. murders by the QB. second question mystery bond disrupts the plans. but his long-lost ex gotta give her the Lance. this bites late again, but don't lose focus. disclaim it's a long time stroking. flashback to Waller. if the Suicide Squad get kidnapped, show off that pod. that's how Steven makes it work, when all those bells chisel-like a woman. what body brings grown men to the today? Steve, yeah, that's our boy. oli sit pretty. no chicks. villain in this city. once the canary croaks though, he's on felicity. Smoak's show League of Assassins our surface. sitting, young Barry says, hey, stop murdering in time for Warwick. Ra's al Ghul. that all leads up to a shirtless tool dab in the heart, kicked off the mountain. lucky. some vegetable beet juice. Adam, you'll be clear back in the hood that you want more smoke, you're gonna need some wood. all that walls in the star transpire. see barrel roll deep like Arcade Fire. Ra's al Ghul. Ben Berlin succeeds. Ollie had smoked on a coastal retreat. but they don't stay long, sad and canary - sings a lot of songs. little ring up smoke. got a baby mama - a lot of lucky ladies get to love this dude. i'm jamie intern. wow. that's literal satan, not religiously spiritual. wanna see a better fight? cooler, man. go back that shirtless - again. blue like the faint cry as buddy. control that. you can. my bad. [Music]. we're almost done. just be cool while I finish this up. okay, okay. mayor is the new label. and MERS back on the table. got a brand new crew, so fresh, wild, like terrific screen changes. hairstyle. homie feeis - the Ridley Scott got arrows and bows because, sure, why not? torches all need a scary-ass office. straight into paint. but at least he's topless now. he's all sad. he could be an arrow. roll the turns. don't nobody care. those Canaries there. am i watching this already? whine? who these [ __ ] eating up Stephens screen time? whatever. they go to some Island. whole crew, under threat of die in recruit former enemies to save his only son. Island goes boom. but am I the only ones don't give a [ __ ] all these alive. has both of his eyes that fill up my soul. they pierced my TV. oh, my god. dismissed a lot of Steven my heart. I won't you. I mean, you're bats on say. [Music], so called the the hee. you Canadian brings me. one, two, five. this is we temperance. exactly what you were looking for. designer wanted. anyway, be good to each other. enjoy season six, and we'll see you next time. dual dish, what's up, guys. thanks for watching. if you like this, be sure to click that Bell icon below to stay up to date on all the latest warp zone content. to see more recap rabs, click the box to the left, or click the Box on the right to see another dope video. hi, now you got your arrow recap rap. I hope you enjoyed. I'm local. hang up. posters. Stephen Amell in my bedroom. what so now? 