what would you do if you had the power to kill anyone just by writing down their name, but you were up against a smart detective? in this video, i will break down the movie death note. light is the main character, and will soon get the power to kill anyone. he looks at the big screen and is frustrated about the justice system in japan. he heads back home and hacks into the police database. he realizes that criminals are getting set free without any punishment, and this infuriates him. he goes to a bar and hears a criminal talking about all the crimes he has got away with. the criminals hold him at knife point and make him leave the bar. he finds a book on the ground, so he takes it home and opens it. he learns that writing down someone's name in this book will make them die in 40 seconds. but light doesn't believe it. to test this out, he could write down an old, high-profile criminal's name and weight. after a few days, he would hear about the death on the news, and then he can repeat it, just to make sure this is legit. light then learns he will have to think about their face and write down the name for them to die. he tests this out and writes down the name of a criminal. the next morning, he reads a newspaper and sees that the same criminal had died of a heart attack. he wants to see if this actually works, so he finds the criminal from the bar and writes down his name. seconds later, the criminal dies of a heart attack. and light now knows the power he holds. with this much power, it can be easy to get carried away. light has to plan out his killings, though he does not gain suspicion from the police. when he is on his way home, the death god appears and tells him he can keep the book. he also says that he is neither friend nor foe. he then starts to write down a lot of names, and criminals fall dead everywhere. this is not the approach you would want to take, because this is very risky. we see that people are starting to call this mysterious killer kira. months later, the police don't know who is killing these criminals, but they believe it may be a serial killer. we see that a brilliant detective is on the case, and he has already found out that this killer is in japan and is using supernatural powers. while at home, light turns on the television, and the man says that whoever is causing these murders is immature. light doesn't like this, so he writes down the man's name, and he dies seconds later. this was all a setup, and the actual detective now knows that these are unnatural murders. when he is having dinner with his family, we find out that his dad is the police chief. he offers to help with the kira case. but when his dad denies the offer, he goes to his room. light then hacks into the police database and finds out that the smart detective knows he is a student. we also see that the dead god is watching over him, but only people that touch the book can see the death god. when he is walking home from school, he sees there is someone following him. he knows that someone may be on to him, so he gets home and uses the death note to find details on the people he kills. light is on the bus when the stalker gets on the bus with him. but light has a plan. a criminal gets on the bus and holds the driver at gunpoint. light tells the fbi agent that he will stop the guy, but he says it's too risky. he then drops a piece of paper. and when the criminal looks up, he sees the death god. he tries to shoot it, but it does nothing. the man then runs off the bus and gets killed by a car, which was light's plan all along. at home, white comes up with a plan to trick the fbi agents. and the death god is listening. the fbi agent gets onto a train and his fiancee is watching him. he then picks up a folder, and it's from kira. light proves he's kira by killing the man next to him. the fbi agent has no other option but to listen to kira, so he gives light the names of some of the fbi agents. when he writes down the names, all the agents start to drop dead from a heart attack. the man steps off the train and dies. when he looks up, he sees kira staring at him. a few seconds later, the man's fiancee shows up, but can't do anything to save him. light should have planned this better. when they search the cameras, they will see light dressed in a hoodie. and this will be very suspicious. lights dad tells everyone that kira is killing fbi agents now, and tells them they can all leave after most people have left. only six have stayed to work on this case. they then meet with the brilliant detective l and they are able to see what he looks like. l reviews the footage and realizes that kira is related to one of the agents. else suspects that like maybe kira, because when the fbi agent died, he was supposed to be watching light. the next day, the dead agent's fiance accuses light of being kira. and now he has to come up with a plan. later, light realizes his room has been broken into because the pencil lead he placed in the door is broken. he knows he is being watched, so he has to be smart about this. the agents are watching light, and they hear news of a criminal having a heart attack. but see light isn't even watching. we then see light did kill the criminal by writing down the man's name in the bag. the agents now think that light is not kira. the dead agent's fiancee still thinks light is kira, so she makes light come to an art gallery by holding his girlfriend at gunpoint. light's girlfriend runs to him, when the lady shoots her and then kills herself. light starts to break down when he realizes his girlfriend is dead. but this was all part of his plan. light was able to trace the girl to a church and find her real name in the books. he then wrote the girl's name on the death note and said she would kill herself after killing his girlfriend. now the agents are convinced light is not kira, but l is still suspicious. that is how the movie ends. let me know what you would do if you had the power to kill anyone. if you enjoy this content, feel free to check out my other videos. 