hello movie fans, and welcome back to another full movie recap with movie reveals. in today's video, we're going to break down for you the 2017 action sci-fi thriller called ghost in the shell. if you like sci-fi movies that have been based on popular anime, you'll definitely like this one. the film is set in the next century when humans coexist with cyborgs who are part human heart, machine and park computer. in the near future. the lead character, mara killian, is the first of her kind, a human who is cyber enhanced to be the perfect soldier, devoted to stopping the world's most dangerous criminals. when terrorism reaches a new level that includes the ability to hack into people's minds and control them, she's uniquely qualified to stop it. as she prepares to face a new enemy, mera, discovers that her life was stolen instead of saved. now she will stop at nothing to recover her past, while punishing those who did this to her. morning this is a spoiler alert, but at least you will get to know what the movie is about. and whether you want to watch it or not, hope you enjoy this full movie recap. and don't forget to comment. in the near future, humans are augmented with cybernetic improvements, traits such as vision, strength and intelligence. augmentation developer, hanker robotics, establishes a secret project to develop an artificial body or shell that can integrate the human brain, rather than an ai mara killian, the sole survivor of a cyber terrorist attack that killed her parents, is chosen as the test subject. after her body is damaged beyond repair. in what appears to be some sort of emergency room, we see a medical team bring in the badly injured mirror. she is reborn as a cyborg with her brain still intact. as she regains consciousness, she seems to have difficulty breathing and seems confused about where she is and what is happening. that is when she meets dr allen, who closely monitors her condition. as she explains to mera that she was the sole survivor of a boat being attacked by rebel cyber terrorists and that both her parents were killed. she explains that as her body was injured so badly and beyond repair, she had no choice but to replace it with a synthetic shell. dr outlet is seen talking to cutter, the hanker robotic ceos, she tells him about mira's new body and her extraordinary abilities, calling her the first of her kind, he decides to use her as a counter-terrorism operative, despite dr owlett saying she is not ready for that yet. a year later, mara killian has attained the rank of major in the counter-terrorism bureau section 9, working alongside operatives badu and tabusa, under chief aramaki. in the next scene, we see her on a counter-terrorism operation. her unit is assigned to investigate an evil foreign operative who wants political asylum. she is listening to a meeting going on at a hank of business conference. hong kong representative, dr osman and an african ambassador are talking. that is when she informs aramaki that someone else is scanning data traffic and that the officials in the meeting are in danger. that is when a group of men open fire on the other men in the meeting, and a robotic gisha starts attacking people in the conference room. see ms. mara takes action, despite aramaki not clearing it. she jumps from the top of the building and goes into invisible mode to take on the men attacking the officials. during the attack, a gisha robot manages to extract information from dr ozman's neck before killing him. mera, invisible, takes out the attackers before engaging with the geisha robot and also successfully taking it out. but it says something to her before dying, which confuses her. when her fellow operative battle arrives at the scene, he notices that her wrist is injured, and it looks similar to that the gisha robot. mero walks away from the scene saying that it is not the same. mara, who experiences hallucinations that dr outlet dismisses as glitches, is troubled by how little she remembers of her past. she injects herself with medication provided by the company. we then see her walking through crowded streets until she gets to the section nine headquarters. mira badu of tagusa and carlos discussed the attack. when aramaki walks in, they then learned that three other high-ranking scientists from henko were also killed the same night. all three victims showed signs of cerebral hacking, just like what happened to dr ozman. they then learned that the gisha was hacked by an unknown entity known as kyus. and mera nevada decide to go and find out what was recovered from the geisha robot. before they leave, aramaki has a private word with mera about her disobeying orders, but she defends herself by saying that more people would have died if she didn't do anything. he tells her that she is his responsibility and that she is much more than just a weapon to hunt down rebels. it reminds her that she has a soul, a ghost. mera and batu are seen strolling through the streets. he buys meat and feeds it to some stray dogs that he has been taken care of in the car. he asks mera about her parents, to which she replies that they were refugees trying to get into the country on boat, but before they arrived, their boat was attacked by rebels, and the boats sunk and they both died. that is when she sees another glitch as she struggles to recall her memories. they arrive at the hanker robotics headquarters, and mira meets with dr outlet so she can get repairs to her body. she tells the doctor that she is seeing more flashes of memories more than usual, but dr outlet just dismisses them as hallucinations caused by her injuries. mara and batu then meet with dr dahlin, who is examining the body of the geisha robot. she informs them both that it is badly damaged. mira then breaks protocol and does a deep dive into its ai for answers. dr dahlin advises against it, as it may expose mira to having her mind hacked by any malware in the geisha system. while performing the deep dive, the entity, or cues to be more precise, attempts a counter-hack, and fatou is forced to disconnect her. they trace cues to a yakuza nightclub where they are lured into a trap. an explosion destroys badu's eyes and damages mira's body. learning about this, cutter is enraged by her actions and threatens to have section 9 shut down unless aramaki keeps her in line. while dr outlet repairs mira's injuries, she shares with the doctor that was like cues was waiting for her battle. also receives cybernetic eyes to replace his damaged ones. when mera visits him, he reminds her to feed his dogs, as he's concerned they may be scared of his new appearance. hughes tracks down dr dalin and kills her. the team links her murder to the deaths of other senior company researchers and realize that dr outlet is the next target. hughes takes control of two sanitation workers and sends them to kill alet. they smash their truck into dr owlett's car. they then shoot her driver, but just in time, mera and her squad arrive on the scene. badou kills one, while the mirror subdues the other. while they interrogate the worker, hughes speaks through him before compelling him to commit suicide. tagusa traces the hack to a secret location, where the team discovers a large number of humans mentally linked as a makeshift signal network. another shootout happens, which causes instant chaos. mera finds cues connected to a network with other humanoid cyborg bodies. they form a circle, and seem to have one common source of thoughts. he's using human minds to create a network of his own, thus making him extremely powerful, as he can control his subjects. as she investigates further, a group of men attack her from behind, electrocuting her and causing her to fall to the ground. hughes then enters the scene and comes face to face with mira. he connects her to his network and then reveals that he is a failed henka test subject from the same project that created her. he urges her to question her own memories and to stop taking her medication, as it actually helps to block her memories. hughes then frees her and escapes. according to him, the shell her body belongs to the company, but not the ghost her soul. that night, she confronts dr alet about this revelation. feeling sympathetic towards meera, she admits that 98 test subjects die before her and that her memories are implanted. her body did not come from a boat accident, and her parents did not die the way she had believed all these years. mira was the first successful experiment. cutter has decided that mara is a liability and orders outlet to kill her after she returns to hanker robotics instead. owlette gives mira an address and helps her escape. cutter kills alet, but blames mira, saying that she has gone rogue. he informs aramaki and the team that mera must be terminated. mara follows the address to an apartment occupied by a widowed mother who reveals that her daughter, motoko kusanani ran away from home a year ago and was arrested. while in custody, she was told that her daughter, motoko, took her own life. mira leaves, confused with her emotions, she contacts aramaki and explains that she was just an experiment and that the hacker cues was just like her. aramaki tells mira that dr outlet is dead and that cutter has informed everyone that mira killed her. they both know the truth and that cutter is eave-dropping on their conversation, but they allow that to happen as they plan their next move. aramaki gets in his car, then, pouring rain, and tells his team to switch over to secure communications. that is when cutter's men start shooting at his car. he pretends to be dead, but when they get close, he easily takes them out. cutter sends his men to take out the rest of the section 9 members, but badu and tagusa take them out. meanwhile, mara follows her memories to the hideaway where matoka was last seen. their she and cues meet and recall their past lives as anti-augmentation radicals who were abducted by henka as test subjects cutter deploys a spider tank to kill him. hughes nearly dies before mira is able to tear out the tank's motor control center, losing an arm in the process. mortally wounded, hughes asks mera to go with him, as there is no place for them there. she refuses, saying, no, i'm not ready to leave. i belong here. hughes says he will always be with her and her ghost, and then fades out. then a hankus sniper kills him. badou and the team rescue miran, while aramaki executes qatar with her consent. the next day, now repaired and embracing her true identity as the japanese matoko, mira reconnects with her mother and returns to work with section nine. eaten. make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. if you like this video, please comment below. thanks for watching. 