premiering on disney plus, is the eighth episode of the marvel universe's what if series, in which natasha romanov and clint barton attempt to destroy ultron after a catastrophe of massive magnitude. that's why today on the summarizer, what if ultron won. as we have seen in previous episodes, time space reality, it's more than a linear path in this series. it's a prism of unlimited possibility, where a single choice can divide into infinite realities and create alternate worlds to the one you already know. and here we are going to see it all from the eyes of the watcher, who is our guide in these vast new realities. the story begins with something we've seen before, which is a universe in the last days before its destruction. because this is actually the story of natasha romanov, also known as black widow, and clint barton, also known as hawkeye. black widow is being chased by an army of ultron sentinels and has 90 seconds to do something. however, that is not much to worry about, because at that moment, hawkeye appears and defends her with his arrows, while our protagonist escapes with her motorcycle. and with a couple of bombs, they manage to get rid of almost all the sentinels. a couple of minutes later, part of the army appears again, but hawkeye appears again to take care of the situation. at one point, there are only 30 seconds left, when clint loses an arm in his fight against the sentinels. but just then black widow appears, gives him a hand and says that they must hurry because they are failing, because if they take just a little longer, the sentinels are going to send their location to ultron's hive mine. anyway, all this doesn't matter much, because while the two of them are walking somewhere in russia, they tell us the story we already know from the previous movies, that, apparently, the end of the world began with the dream of tony stark when he created ultron to protect the world and achieve peace with the mind stone. but for ultron, there was only one path to peace, and that path was the elimination of all life. but to really be able to carry out his plan, ultron needed an organic body of his own, which would merge the powers of man, machine and mind, into one. but in the universe we already know from the previous movies, the avengers stole that thing and used it to create vision. well, forget about that though, because in this universe, ultron achieved his goal of getting that body. and with the infinite power of the mind stone, completed by the power that vision's body gave him, he began to desolate the entire planet. and although our two characters from before want to shoot down the satellites so that it can't launch the missiles, it seems it's too late, and they cannot do anything more, because ultron launches them anyway, with the goal of destroying all humanity. everyone you love around you is dying. and while we see how a lot of missiles are about to fall on the different countries of the planet earth, hawkeye and black widow realize that it's too late. so in this universe, ultron destroyed the entire planet, and now he finally achieved the supposed peace for which he was created. but it doesn't end here, because ultron's era has just begun. the point is that at one point, thanos appears with four infinity stones. but even when he tries to attack him, ultron doesn't have much trouble and kills him in a second, no way. and so without much effort, he gets the rest of the infinity stones. he realizes that there are many more worlds than that, and then they need him to achieve peace. so now he's going to spread peace to all corners of the universe on his world destroying journey. he first passes thor's home and destroys the planet asgard without much trouble. then he destroys the planet you surely remember from guardians of the galaxy 2, named the sovereign. then sakhar and ego, until he reaches zandar, where captain marvel appears. run there, she takes him to the core of the planet. she gives him quite a fight, and at one point it looks like she's finally gonna be able to stop him. but when she's about to destroy him, he gets away and ends up destroying the planet and all those in his system. then he realizes that his work to achieve peace on all the planets is finished. yes, even though achieving peace implies having killed everyone. but that doesn't matter much. what does matter is that once his mission is accomplished, ultron becomes a program without purpose, sentenced to be alone until infinity. the point is that at that moment he feels the presence of another person who is neither more nor less than the watcher. so he realizes that his work is not yet finished, because he learns that there are also alternate universes. upon realizing this, the watcher doesn't understand how this can be possible and worries about the horrors he could cause if he enters the multiverse. but he also says that there is one last hope for that not to happen. at this point, our two protagonists enter a place with the kgb archives and start looking for some documents. after searching almost everywhere, they find the shield. and although nat is in a good mood and makes a couple of jokes, clint is tired of searching. at that moment, they are very close to finding the box with the answer, but just then hawkeye decides to stop looking there. nat tells clint to cheer up, because if they want to take down ultron, they need an ai to fight the code. but clint, tired of looking all over the warehouse, tells her that the death star plans are not in that base. although the watcher knows they are right in the box next to him. anyway, in the end, they end up finding it, because at that moment, nat finds what they were looking for. and there they discover that there is an old hydra base in siberia with the name of zola, and it's the only thing that can help them to eliminate ultron. after seeing that, the watcher says that there is still hope to save their lives. but at that moment, ultron finds him, who apparently already knows that there are multiple universes, and his next plan is to destroy all timelines. by this point, our two characters are already in siberia, when nat says that arnhem zola was a hydra scientist who infiltrated shield, and before dying, he transferred his mind to a series of data one was destroyed with steve and another hydra hid there. then they turn on the computer, and the person who's inside recognizes them, and they ask him to help them. they tell him that ultron destroyed everything and the story we already know, and that they need his help to infiltrate his code and dismantle it from the inside, something similar to what he did with shield. all this asking him doesn't make much sense though, because after that, they threaten him with destroying the computer if he doesn't do it. so he accepts. then they call the avengers tower, order a pizza. and i guess with that, the ultron network is going to locate them and go looking for them. the plan is to load the program through a sentinel drone and with that, attack ultron after that. and when the army arrives, they set fire to the computer. but with the drone, they managed to connect to one of the sentinel's army. at that moment, the computer manages to connect. and so that he doesn't try to escape, they break his legs. the problem is that when he tries to connect to the hive, he realizes that ultron's hive mind is out of reach. so they take the computer and both manage to escape from ultron's army. well, actually, both of them don't. because at that moment, clint doesn't want to keep fighting. he drops himself and suicides, killing the whole ultron army. meanwhile, nat realizes that her old friend died. and the computer tells her that they have to continue because more sentinels are approaching there, he tells her that apparently he couldn't connect to the hive because the sentinels can communicate interstellarly, or something like that. the point is that apparently ultron is not in the observable universe, but is fighting the watcher. then, after fighting for a while, he ends up making the watcher leave his usual place and ends up falling to one of the planets. at that moment, he tells him that as a watcher, he can not alter the natural order of things. ultron says he cannot stop him. and both begin to fight. but at that moment, the watcher gets more power, gets what seems to be a new suit, and starts fighting across universes. there he starts to beat him, makes the universe's change. and when he's about to destroy him, the watcher manages to escape this. but now ultron is watching everything from the watcher's place. finally, the watcher meets doctor strange and tells him that he has no choice. but at that moment, doctor strange himself asks him if he's ready to break his oath. and together they prepare to destroy ultron. that was what if ultron won don't forget to subscribe so you don't miss the last episode of what if next week. and finally, comment which series or movie you'd like me to summarize for future videos. see you later. okay. bye. [Music]. 