teen titans go to the movies, finally sees televisions. Teen Titans on the big screen. the film is a must-see for any DC comic fans, and is packed with Easter eggs, cameos and a surprise and credit scene. throughout this video, I'll be discussing that scene in particular, so there will be heavy spoilers, and it may be worth avoiding this video for now if you want to remain unspoiled. with that out the way, I'm definition, and I ruin the movie so you don't have too many. fans of the original Teen Titans show were annoyed by the fact that the reboot Teen Titans go simplified the designs of their favorite characters so that they appealed to children and a wider audience. the post credit scene addresses this switch up. when halfway through, a wealth of static hits the screen. when this clears, the Titans are back in their original incarnations and begin talking to one another. hurry. there's not much time, say Starfire, as Raven addresses that the audience needs to know that they are still alive. this is the Teen Titans. can anyone hear us? Robin asks, as he turns the camera round and pointer at the Titans, saying, we think we may have found a way back. this follows up and confirms the room at that Teen Titans may be returning for a sixth season. many fans felt disappointed that the show was cancelled after its fifth one, and the Internet has been awash with those in support of its return. recently, Raven voice artist Tara Strong tweeted that Warner Brothers were considering bringing the show back, and this post credit scene pretty much confirms here. so are you excited to see the return of the original Teen Titans, and what version of the team do you prefer? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, please like it and subscribe to my channel. I create content like this weekly, and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're film, recently I discussed the plot of the meg as well as the differences between the film and the book. so make sure you check that video out next. thanks very much for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 