[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this video, we're gonna run through the original puppet master. let's get to it. the movie opens at the Bodega Bay Inn in 1939, but don't remember that, because the timeline of this universe gets eviscerated as the series moves along. we get some shots of puppets, overlaid with classy ass music playing in the background while the master gently dry brushes the face of his newest and final creation. these shots are interspersed with a frenetic POV sequence showing one of his apparent creations observing some questionable men arriving at the hotel. it subsequently heads upstairs to provide warning in a series of shots that are cool if you don't think too much about how no one around is seeing the puppet. Oh, finally, the puppet arrives just in time to be lovingly packed in the chest. Toulon is actively hiding in a void behind the wall. he already knows the men have arrived, and, being next on the list, is allowed by death to swallow a bullet. the two soldiers arrive and observe his corpse in a way that makes us unsure that they even know why they were supposed to be there. we cut to the Yale University present day, just in time to observe Alex's prescient nightmare. he sees a man with a Luger, just like the man in the opening scene, and then notices a weeping wound on his abdomen. turns out it's just slugs. put them in your garden, bro. we then cut around to meet some other characters, like Dana, presently engaged in providing a half-assed reading to Barbara Crampton, who clearly deserves better than this turd. in the midst of this, she has a legit vision [Music], which unfortunately means that to fulfill the Randi challenge, someone's got a doubting cut to New York City to meet Frank and charissa working at a thought experiment lab. the pervy kind boring. Frank's business hours wank session is interrupted by a cryptic phone call, puppet master, old witch meeting, etc. this was all he needed to hear. in the entire group winds up at the bodega Bayon for a reunion of sorts. they are initially under the impression that they were invited there by Neil, who, they are surprised discovers both married to Megan and dead. so was married to make it some strange magic must be at work, because he apparently shot himself. it has been dead for an unstated amount of time, but still isn't open casket. his last wish was to await their arrival before burial. this was just a day trip. before retiring to their rooms, Dana decides to verify Neil's deadness, and then they're off. while they find their way to their accommodations, this guy pops out wet. where were you? after settling into their rooms, they have a nice dinner, which provides the perfect opportunity to shed a little light on whiner. there we find out Neil likely married Megan for her familial ties to the hotel. construction started on a remodel to a point, and then stopped suddenly, likely as a result of him finding what they all want, the puppet masters secrets. during the course of dinner, Dana manages to get a few shots in on Neil. no, she's nestled. oh, okay. then Alex provides the finishing expositional touches, as he explains the secret involves an Egyptian ritual that animates inanimate objects. that night, the caretaker has little cat-and-mouse game between the fireplace and piano, resulting in getting poked with extreme prejudice. later, screams seemed to indicate they found her, but instead we see that Neil's here, not much, just chilling back in their respective rooms. Frank and Chris get down to business. ooh, sexy. a sequence of POV shots lets us know the puppets are active. when christen notices an open door, she investigates. she observes this drill headed puppet, and in the interest of science, continues to observe him all the way up to the point where he then penetrates her face. Frank then gets his as this tiny wooden seductress works the nipple and then vomits slugs onto his torso it's a slug boss. Dana is accosted in the elevator by tiny and never seems sufficiently surprised about the situation in which she finds herself, which is too bad, because between the combination of baby hands and the blade master, she gets pummeled in her throat, is slit in the her story. meanwhile, alex is having another multi-tier dream, which becomes reality as he and Megan find tool ins journal. they head to the dining room to break bread and fellowship, where we find Neill up and moving, revealing his ultimate plan. I want to live. Alex manages to trap him in the elevator where the puppets go to work, giving him an aggressive head massage and drilling him in the neck, showing off their key strength their victims unwillingness to take action in their presence. we end with Alex heading home, while Meghan remains behind with her newly reanimated puppy, implying she's a puppet master, and opening the possibility of a sequel. and that's puppet master. come back for more nazi murders, new improved puppets that are actually old, as we try to make sense of the series convoluted timeline. thanks for watching. 