listen, I guess the petition worked. let me explain. now, if you feel bamboozled, if you feel like Henri and marriage story being told to believe two different things, then you've probably seen a Star Wars movie in theaters recently. now, in my opinion, there's two ways to break this down. you got the fans, and then you got the studio. the fans are here for the story, the legacy of it all. and while a lot of people want to compare it to endgame that's only been around for ten years, they've definitely also distance themselves from the comics. and we like Dano showed up in 2012, what Star Wars fans have been waiting 40 years? and they want something different. because, you see, this really isn't the end of a trilogy. it's chapter 9 and a saga. and I like with the prequels, we now have social media who either have their knives out for or against Rian Johnson. but if you don't care about the lore, you can't tell the difference between this and Chewbacca, then maybe you've noticed that there's also the studio side of things, and Disney done Google. again, it is a 9th chapter. so I will be covering my thoughts eventually, on the entire series as a whole. but for now, I would just want to talk about rise of the Skywalker and how Disney decided to make a sequel and a remake in the final act of the biggest space franchise of all time. my heart. so ever since the force got awakened, it's meant something completely different to everyone. Rian Johnson made it so that anybody can have the force and said that having no name was okay. Abrams redid it so that the force is about legacy and how carrying a name means everything. to some the force has always been about family. to others, it's the spectacle, the journey, the lore. to George, it's microbiotic creatures that feed off the forest, using our bodies as conduits, while controlling the universe and reality as we know it, pretty much using human beings as a vehicle in which an organism known as the Wills controls us like a Tesla. then there's Disney, who thinks it's all about there's only one thing funnier than Disney fumbling the finale, worse than HBO, that's everyone who freaked out about it. and I feel kind of bad, because I wasn't raised a Star Wars fan, and I'm sure if this happened to something I liked, I would be royally pissed. but hearing the talk that Disney didn't even have a layout for the trilogy, like, not so much as a syllabus, after dropping four billion dollars on it, like, I like the force awakens. I think it's fun, even though I do recognize it's just a template, but I enjoy it. then they decided to make the last Jedi. and I was surprised that Disney had the balls to take the story in that direction. they didn't experience with this guy. now, mind you, I really do like the themes presented in the last Jedi. I like how Rian Johnson wasn't looking to go the lazy route, and really did study a Star Wars lore and wanted to make something outside of the genre, film that played with beams. but he also knew who's gonna piss off a lot of people. but that, I mean, JJ did his whole mystery box staying and the force awakens. we all know this, setting up a bunch of stuff. and people started theorizing about it. Disney then gave Rian Johnson full creative Liberty to do what he wanted, which, again, I think it's both the coolest and the dumbest thing I've ever seen. and whether you love it or hate it, I highly recommend the documentary Ryan made called the director the Jedi, which one, even if you hate the guy, it's just an interesting look at how big blockbusters are made from an indie guys perspective. so now I am signing the final budget sheet. don't get too used to this. right. some point we have to go back to to reality. and to even though people use it against them, he's very open about his decisions and how people were gonna hate him. I told Brian, this is no surprise, I said, I just fundamentally disagree with your concept of this character and how you use him. I have to trust him. I'm firmly in Ryan's camp now, having told him, I hate everything you've done to my character and disavow it. and once I got that off my chest, I said, now leave me o guru. so know, I'm not one who thinks Ryan tried to maliciously ruin your Star Wars cuz one-and-done, I don't think he knows who you are. but I do think Ryan, he subverted, not one, not two, not even seven, of the setups JJ had in the force awakens. we had made a whole video about my thoughts on this, and how, at a certain point, to me, just felt forced. well, I agreed, don't let phantoms dictate where your story should go. it's kind of bogus to set up something I expect people to get invested and then shame them when you switch it up on them, only to then Reese which it up on them. I like a lot of things from the last Jedi. a lot of things do see pointless. now, in retrospect, look with the same hindsight, a lot of things do seem better. yet, right when I had come to terms of Star Wars, may not have had a plan, but we're at least sticking to artists taking risks and backing them up. number doesn't matter. this is where I feel the fandom has just been slapped in the face, like doesn't matter what size you are. you there's no way you don't see how they're just goofing you. I'm surprised more people aren't upset right off the bat. you shouldn't have to buy a visual companion piece that's released after the movie to have to follow along with the movie, especially when they forgot to size the good the posters aren't I mean, do they even matter if they had already printed the last Jedi lower onto books, only to just go void? I don't know if something can be canon for two years and then poof. it's like, what is this? la is what Long Island felt like. I know y'all collected Fox, but Disney's treating chapter 8 worse than they did Wolverine Origins. it's like it never happened. cuz nine doesn't just feel like two movies. it feels that gets replacing eight and then rushing what's supposed to be a grand finale. this isn't me getting caught up with it. it's been a month since this movie came out, and I'm convinced that this has just become a thing that happens whenever we try to reveal the parents in any media. listen, so Emperor Palpatine returns looking extra crusty. Cherie, I died movies ago, but like that Channing Tatum movie that he's in, he was just chill in the floorboards - it was it's time to come up. turns out this man had an entire fleet of ships this entire trilogy. I believe his audience, who's there to entertain him are just clones of himself, like he's Rick Sanchez. and this man thought creating a scrotum looking Jeff Goldblum from Ragnarok would help a last Skywalker join the dark side. guess it's tried and true, cuz it worked. but he also smashed someone in the mists of all his IVs. and well, I'm glad a lot of people were curious about Rays last name in this one, cuz she just met her grandpa. I can see how this is a good thing, because it now answers everybody who was complaining about why she was so powerful, why she was so strong, and it does. but it also makes a lot of other things feel stupid. Poe and Finn are definitely gay. that's just its facts. yet they shove two female characters in this movie because Disney didn't have the balls to go with it and wanted to end all fan theories. keep it it suits you. and I would try to push it a bit in that direction. but yeah, the Disney overlords were not ready to do that. cuz, you know, it's okay for the guy who's been beating you up, who's involved in a gang that literally goes by the dark side, to kiss you on your deathbed, but two dudes, nah, take this background kiss that we can claim as a win for diversity, but then we cut it out overseas because we're cowards for that money. look, you can be gayer than Adam Lambert, or hate the new Watchmen, but I don't see how this isn't a slap in the face the both of you both sides. they can't pick a side because they don't want to upset their pockets. they want to have it both ways. and it's so scummy trying to be fake woke, but they're not standing up for it. but you just end up trying too hard. people can see through that. that's been the problem with so many brands right now on social media. they're just like, why are you depressed? your last name is delights. like, sure, a game of Thrones was also rushed, and that's another season that really should have been - really, we should come back to the splitting the last in the - phenomenon we were doing. but maybe they're ending also affected how much we saw of Darkrai in this, considering how big of a cultural phenomenon both of these things are. but at least with Game of Thrones, they stuck with what they were going for. they in stick the landing. but at least they didn't do what star wars did, which was to backtrack. that, to me, is worse. at one point, rate throws away the lightsaber and ghost Luke catches it. but really, he makes a joke about not tossing the lightsaber like he did. and they're out here doing press like, oh, no, it's filming really mean in a mean way. we know y'all have test screenings. y'all know how that came up. y'all know what you're doing. then it turns out, get this, luke and leia knew that Ray was Palpatine's granddaughter the whole time. didn't this man live through a whole trilogy where he saw what the Emperor did to his father? did Leia, who supposedly had a great relationship training ray, really know that that was palps granddaughter when it seems she ain't even no palp was alive? y'all really thought letting kylo Ren in his Hot Topic attire was the best way to inform her. it doesn't matter. this movie rushes faster than Andrew Neiman. one moment I'm mourning chewy. the next he fine. c-3po gone. the next he back Anse Chui. couldn't before I was pacing back and forth just to understand the pace of this movie. and then it all clicked. none of it makes sense. that said, I really do like two scenes in this film. there's one where Leia realizes that she can reach out to her son in the second half of the final movie of this trilogy. and we had a wounded kylo who gets revived by race touch, but also renewed by hearse. but they actually get a scene where Ben sees his dad han again. and honestly, I really do like the scene. I like it more every single time I see it because of the way that it calls back to Ben's mistake in the force awakens and the whole I know respond it had me. I like it. I do like it a lot. I forgot what the other scene was. in the end, Rey confronts our grandpa, and he booms her, man's able to control the literal 100 thousand ships out there, like I love how Poe had just given up, like legit, this man who is now the new general, because Leia is dead, right? lei is gone. it's Poe, and he just decides to give up on everybody isn't even shooting. and then he gets an on your left, and we see so many ships, like it's supposed to floor us. this is the war in the stars. every single person the rebellion has come together. and Palpatine, with his crackling fingertips, is so strong he just paused them. all we're dealing with it being so powerful that literally everybody in the galaxy is fighting right above him. in a yield time. Rey defeats him with two lightsabers. I count six yaks. I count two girls. knew in the end, kylo holds a dead ray in his arms. but now he's officially been solo. so I just have to correct all the reloj fans out there, cuz that doesn't make any sense. just like shipping ray Loewy. but since they just introduced that healing element with baby Yoda, you know, the day before the premiere of this movie, he gets to use it because it's cannon now, cuz he also now has that power and instead of giving him the negan treatment, they let him die, but they kiss Rey. so you know, you guys today, your mother-in-laws last name. in the end, they plug in the fact that Lando might have a daughter, so that YouTube theories could meet. Kelly Marie Tran has less lines, and Anna packin. somehow c-3po wasn't annoying. he was actually on my favorite parts of the movie. and that's crazy, considering i legit believe, legitimately believe he's the worst part of all the Star Wars. but overall, I'm just thankful I'm alive to experience this craziness and mess of the studio's because it's just, it's just been fun to watch. it's a space opera that people have experienced with their families growing up. people have quoted these movies like it's their livelihood. and no matter how much commotion these new ones start look, it's still going to be Star Wars for a certain generation that's growing up with it. I just wish they had a better feeling of backbone today. there's still the Mandalorian. thank you guys checking out this video. I'm curious know your thoughts down below in the comment section. a big shout out to the one champion, the true MVP of all the star wars, john williams. still snatching up nominations towards the end. man, I got an oscar nomination for the last movie, and he got a Grammy nomination for a theme park ride that he did for Star Wars. he's the best. he truly is the best part of all of it. even when the movies are trash, he's still the best part. Leeman Ramananda was also a resistant trooper in the movie, which I thought was cool. as I'm looking through my notes here, he even wrote a jingle I think. I don't know who exactly which one it was, but it's just been interesting to see this whole back and forth through it. I do think they're entertaining. my ranking, if you were to ask for the new ones, goes 7, 8, 9. I do think that they're all fun in their own way, but they're so messy. and they shouldn't be like that's the problem. they shouldn't be enjoy it, right? y'all? not even gonna admit this goofiness that's been going on here. I there is a thing about it though. I remember back in the day when some people had actually mentioned that it was going to be Palpatine. and again, I am gonna make a whole video on that. I know the posters right here. I know when he has so many kinds of Star Wars fans trying to correct me, I'm sure I will be working a whole video that I get out some of that connects. I had those friends who were like to always tell me about Darth Plagueis and the tale of him. they were worse than Jehovah Witnesses. okay? I had the Jehovah Witnesses on speed-dial trying to make sure they didn't come in. so I kind of know the gist of it. as much as I'm not a Star Wars fan, Star Wars fans are loud, and I have friends or Star Wars fans hope by default. it's like, you know, in the Bible, you know, you're not a Christian, but your friend is. I feel bad for Chewie. all of his friends are dead. I believe that metal is Hans. we did a whole intercut podcast episode. you go check it out. Fernando tried his hardest to defend it, and he brought up that that was actually one of the things that I did agree with him the most. I think that is supposed to be Hans metal. maybe I'm wrong, I don't know, but, yeah, we'll see. I don't know. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. and here's a Babu freak laugh. 