welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and this episode, were breaking down one of the greatest Marvel movies ever made, that is spider-man into the spider this the film not only won the Oscar for Best Animated Feature, it also showed that Sony knew what they were doing with spider-man, after their amazing spider-man films flopped pretty hard. I still love you, Andrew, and even you, electro. now, throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down all of the insane details and Easter eggs in the movie that really make it one of the best comic book films of all time. this list is in every single detail in the film, but we've tried to focus on things that haven't been mentioned in most of the other breakdowns on the movie. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check out the film yet, then I highly recommend that you check out now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the content. without the way, I just want to give a huge. thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of into the spider verse. okay, so the movie starts off with a glitchy Columbia logo that hints at the multiverse existing. does this through numerous versions of the statue. and throughout the movie, there are several hints that even miles, his world takes place in a different one than ours. miles has a poster of chance the rapper in his room, and the figure has a four on his cap. in real life, the emcee actually wears it three on it. and this is also a clue to the Multiversity of the film. Multiversity is a real word because Grant Morrison made it up. we can also see on Jeffersons uniform that the badge says PD and why instead of NYPD, and a news report comes from NNC instead of CNN. you can also spot a movie poster fall from dusk til Sean, which was supposed to be a sequel to Shaun of the Dead, featuring vampires. the film called hold your horses, starring Seth Rogen. is also displayed in Times Square, so very minor differences to our dimension. the introductory story by Peter that we get shows Uncle Ben, and in that we can see that Peter is actually blond, teasing that this isn't a version that we've seen before. and amongst the title sequence, we can see the spider that eventually bites miles, and it has the number 42 written on it. we get a quick cut of a lottery ball, which also as 42 on it. and this was actually malsu's winning number that allowed him to get into Brooklyn visions Academy. during the film, miles falls off a building and hits a sign, which then drops the numbers four and two. and when riding on the bus with Peter later in the film, we can also see that the maximum occupancy is 42. the number 42 also appears at the subway station just after Peter's death is announced. it's clearly laced throughout the movie. and according to vitamin v on reddit, this is to symbolize the character being the first african-american version of spider-man. 42 was Jackie Robinson's number, and he was the first black professional baseball player. so, yeah, lots of things going on. and let me know in the comments below if you know as 2:42 that we didn't we see that the spider-man has lived through many moments similar to what we saw in the McGuire movies, including the train pulling the switch on, kissing Mary Jane upside down. he punched, punched a car as well, and also did the best dance moves ever in a movie, ever. I'm looking at you, dirty dancing. there's also a nod to the Holland universe in which he holds two buses from falling over the Brooklyn Bridge, which Apes the MCU webhead pulling the ferry back together. Peters name badge is also nice and crisp, almost seeming new. and this completely juxtaposes Peter B Parker's budge later in the movie, which is crumpled and messy, symbolizing his style, compared to the first one that we meet. spider-man swings through the city, and at one point, seven birds fly by him as he says, there's only one spider-man. these seven birds actually represent the seven versions of the character that appear in the movie, and it shows that Peter was wrong. cut to Miles his room, and there's what looks like a Superman poster above his easel, hinting that the hero might actually have had an influence in him. there's also an award ribbon that we see that looks like Deadpool symbol. and it's nice that they managed to drop these comic book references into the movie without them feeling too forced. before you start typing, I know Superman is part of DC in our Marvel. anyway, miles as dad takes him to school and says, you don't want to end up like your uncle Aaron. even though these two are estranged, we can see on Aaron's locked phone screen that he still has a photo of the two together. later we see that Jefferson also has one of the pair, showing that the two still care about each other, even if they don't talk. you can also see Gwen crossing the row behind Jefferson, and this is the first time that we actually see the character. we see the book great expectations mentioned in class during the school montage. miles is later assigned it after purposely trying to fail his test. this motif carries throughout the film, with miles trying to live up to the great expectations that have been set for him. his graffiti tag is also expectations. and if with great power comes great responsibility, for Peter. then with great power comes great expectations for miles, at a try, not a force Taiwan. anyway, we see a lesson in which dr. Olivia Octavius talks about the multiverse. we don't learn her full name straightaway, as miles stands in front of the projector, but through the film we do discover her identity. the character actually even wears octagonal glasses with eight sides, which very much ties into her name. cut to Aaron's and we also see several clues that he is the Prowler, including a picture that hangs above his sofa that looks like it actually has the name written in graffiti over it. Aaron watches community, namely the scene in which Donald Glover, where's spider-man pajamas. and Glover actually plays Aaron in the MCU. so this is like a weird inception of Easter eggs, with Aaron watching the multiverse version of himself in spider-man's clothes, whilst he's also the version of himself. yeah, my head almost just exploded. Aaron tells miles about the hey line. and when he does this on kingpin later in the movie, we can see the text appear behind him. Myles is then bitten, and he becomes gifted with spider powers. after embarrassing himself with Gwen, he tries to learn what to do next. he turns to spider-man comics, which give him a heads up on how to handle his new abilities. I always kind of wondered why spider-man gave away his identity in this and then continued to wear a mask. but I guess I'm as stupid as I look, because if you zoom in on the cover, you can see that he says his name is Billy Barker to hide his true identity, Billy Parker. ya, know, no one's gonna figure it out. myles calls aaron, but it goes to voicemail, and we hear that he's out of town. with hindsight, we know that he was actually working for the kingpin. and when miles goes to the subway station, we do see what looks like aaron from behind, hinting that he was just lying. we also see that Myles as a contact called B Bendis, which is a nod to Brian Michael Bendis, who was the creator character. miles thing comes across spider-man and the Green Goblin duking it out. we can actually see that miles is spider-sense. initially it's green and purple, before changes to blue and red. Aaron's colors are actually green and purple. but the fact that miles changes shows that he's no longer going to be led, potentially to a life of crime, by his uncle, and he will instead follow in the footsteps of Peter. Peter climbs the switch using a special set of moves, and he manages to get up top by holding onto the cylinders of the supercollider. later in the film, Myles uses the same technique to get to the switch, and Gwen says to Peter, B I didn't teach him that, and I know you definitely didn't. so we do know that this is where he got it from. after being put into the collider, an explosion happens, and if you slow it down, you can actually see five lights burst out, which represent the five traveling spider persons. Peter dies, you're gonna cry. and Myles gets chased down by his uncle. absolutely loved this scene. and the score is just incredible, with the colors also being amazing. we also see a hint of green and purple with the Prowler, which ties back to his colors. Myles gets out, and there's a post Malone cameo in which he says, I think it's a Banksy Malone song. sunflower is the one that miles can be heard singing throughout the movie. we then see Stanley, who tells Miles that the SU always fits eventually, perhaps suggesting that Miles will eventually grow into the role, but there's gonna be a great expectation. did you see what I did there? Myles meets Peter at the graveyard, and he electrocutes him. the electrocution travels through his nervous system, instead of his skeleton, as is typical in films. this is more scientifically accurate to what happens during an electric shock. and it's nice that they took the time to animate all this, even though it only lasts for about a split second. we see in Peters flashback, the tombstone also hit him with a bus. and this is something else you need to watch in slow motion. this spider-man is actually older than one that we meet at the start of the movie, which is wise, hairs going gray. and he started to put on a bit of weight. they raced through the city. and this scene is kind of similar to Peter attaching himself to the Train in spider-man 2. also, you get a blink and you'll miss it. Stan Lee cameo when he steps over the pears lie on the ground. miles interrogate spitter, and we can actually see from his black eye that he heals throughout the scene. also shout-outs king of pirates on reddit for spotting that the restaurant they go to has a rating of C for its hygiene score. Peter tells miles, and it closed six years ago in his dimension, and it's likely that the same things gonna happen to this restaurant. the pair reached the alchemax, and we get a bit where Peter planted out. we actually see a comic book accurate version of Doc Ock in front of this universe's female one, and this makes Peter re-examine his personal biases. we also see one of Doc's tentacles on a desk before she sprouts the arms. and this is a little clue as to who the villain really is. I also tried pausing her desktop to see if there were any cooler Easter eggs on there. but unfortunately, it was all just stuff like dinner party and student results. there was one file called Ock notes and secret plans, but other than that, and a fantasy league warned not too many Doc Ock introduces herself as dr. Olivia Octavius, and she says that a friends call a live. later in the movie, Aunt May comes face-to-face with her and also calls her live. and it makes me wonder, maybe these two used to have dinner parties together. anyway, they make it out with a computer after getting chased by Ock. now, shoutouts to Cardinal crew on YouTube for noticing that as they throw a bagel off someone's head, instead of the text being an onomatopoeia sound effect, it just says, bagel. the crew also pointed out that the animation for miles actually symbolizes how out of synch he is with Peter ability wise. miles initially has half of the frames cut out with swinging animation, so he looks less smooth. by the end of the film, now he has all of the frames in his moves, so it certainly shows that he's more accomplished and that he's lived up to the great expectations, Gwen shows up, and she actually lands on point, because this version of the character was an accomplished ballerina. we learn in her story that she saved her father, captain Stacy, who still stands as one of the big debts in spider-man comics. she's also seen kicking the lizard while saying she couldn't save her best friend. this is, of course, Peter. and we can actually see on the character's skin, and there are scales showing he took on the Monica in her universe. we also see a doc ock tentacle, but this one is metal, probably more in line with the version that were more familiar with, or maybe I just need to re-examine my personal biases. they meet Mei and then go into the spider cave. there's a ton of suits that have all been picked apart and breakdowns. but in the middle there's actually a mannequin without one on. as we know, the Peter of this dimension didn't come home. the three characters spider senses or trigger upon meeting the other three versions of spider-man. however, miles as doesn't happen as fast as Peter and Gwen's, purely because he's still behind them, ability wise. miles looks at the spider-man suit, and initially his eyes aren't level with the mask. however, he later returns to this, and the scene is repeated, but the characters face is level with it. this shows that he's grown into the role and is finally ready to become spider-man. spider-man noir says that the wind blows wherever he goes, and this is literally shown every time the character is on screen. we also see his face slightly in another blinkin he'll miss a moment, and he glitches black and white, unlike the others who are in color. penny is the only one who isn't bitten by a spider, and now she doesn't have the same abilities as everyone else. when they're all on the ceiling, hiding from miles, his roommate, later in the movie, you can actually see that penny is squeezed between them, rather than being stuck on the wall itself. Miles discovers that his uncle is the Prowler and the kingpins villains attack. when Aaron grabs Miles, his vision goes from purple to normal, even before the mask comes off, showing that this reveal has completely disarmed him mentally. Aaron is killed, and this kind of mirrors the death of Uncle Ben, who we know was integral to Peters origin. Marlys is initially rejected by the spider gang, but after his father tells him he will do good no matter what, he embraces his power and takes a leap of faith. what's up danger. it sounded really cool in my head when I was writing that book, didn't didn't happen when I said it out loud. I love how is he's plummeting, a shot is flipped so he's actually ascending into the air rather than falling to the ground. and it's a brilliant seen the spider gang attacked the supercollider. and there's a couple of cool little Easter eggs in the scene that I haven't actually seen pointed out before. spider-man wah, throws a car a tombstone that's similar to the one from the 1930s, showing that this was pulled from his dimension. the colors also changed to black and white. as he returns to his dimension, Peter tells Miles to hit the green button to disable the super collider, and a PlayStation controller flies past with the triangle button highlighted. on a Playstation controller, the triangle is green, and this is a nice little bit of advertising for Sony's game console. the spider gang traveled back to their worlds, and miles takes on kingpin fiercely. shoutouts Baxter rocky from reddit, who noticed that there's a fractured bridge that miles and kingpin land on. this is a reference to the Netflix show daredevil, which features similar iconography in the opening. speaking of daredevil at one point, you can also spot a version of kingpins family in which his son looks exactly like Matt Murdock, hinting at the kingpin son being daredevil in that universe. there's also an african-american version of the family, which could be a reference to Michael Clarke Duncan's version of the character. miles finishes the fight with him by using the hey move that Aaron taught him. and this avenges his death with the wisdom that he taught miles. also, in some ways, it allows him to get revenge on the character - and it's a really nice use of this motif. miles closes the doorway. and we can also see the food replicator from Cloudy, with a Chance of Meatballs flying into it. an anvil hits it - which I'm guessing is from spider pigs universe. the movie ends with Miles and Jefferson repairing their relationship. Miles finishes his paper, grey expectations. Peter goes back to mga, and we get a tease for next time. also shout outs Oscar Isaacs in the post-credits scene. I cannot wait for that next movie. greatest meme of all time, totally unrelated, I actually saw they released a Funko pop set for the original meme. and yes, amazing. anyway, that's all list. and obviously, I'd loved hear your thoughts on the breakdown. and if we missed anything, comment below and let us know. and make sure you check out our analysis of Iron Man 3, which talks about all of the best Easter eggs in the film. it's one of our greatest videos ever. so I definitely recommend that you give it a watch after this. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you. it and as a thank you. you access to content early. you want to come chat us after the show, either follow us that heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people are subscribed to the channel. and this Monty can win the Marvel phase 3, part 2 box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you subscribe with notifications on the more videos you comment on, the more you a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of June, and the settle be shipped out then to ever get surprised. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 