welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and this episode, were going back to Avengers endgame. firstly, I just want to give a huge thank you for everyone that checked out our first breakdown on the film. and this video, we're going to be going over some of your submissions, new things that Marvel have revealed and other elements that we've spotted since dropping it. if your comment made this video, then we'll be dropping your screen name up top. so keep an eye out, and thank you for being awesome. this video is gonna be pointing out a lot of Easter eggs that I haven't really seen many people pick up upon. so I hope you enjoy it. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you got dusted during the snap and haven't seen the movie yet, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. make 'shy subscribe to the channel. and please drop a thumbs up if you've been enjoying our marvel breakdown so far. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this. let's get into a breakdown of Avengers endgame. okay, so this amazing Easter egg was recently dropped by Marvel, and it shows just how much the studio focused on iconography and symbolism. totally socks. arc reactor not only provided the hero with a new heart, but it also, in some ways, added some real heart to the series itself. the arc reactor became a symbol that has been splashed across t-shirts, phone cases and a lot more. it's now at a point where it's hard to think about Iron Man himself without immediately imagining the beaming blue light emanating from his chest. it pulls the universe together. and it's difficult to not tear up when we watch the arc reactor floating off into the lake at Tony Stark's funeral. I'm not crying, you're crying. but the shape and color of it also played a big part in the reunion of the Avengers. after the events of Civil War, the group separated, and it wasn't until end game that they reunited as a whole. their first mission is a team involved traveling back in time. and just before doing so, they put their fists all together, not only showing a bit of social distancing, yay, but also the shape of the arc reactor itself around this symbol, the team reformed and ultimately went on to save the universe. it's a great little easter egg, and I'm so glad that Marvel released this one, because I don't think anyone would have spotted it otherwise. now, not only does endgame pull the Avengers together once more, but it also sends them on their separate ways. by the end of it, Tony and Natasha die. Clint is reunited with his family. Hulk hangs out with Bucky and Sam door goes off with the Guardians, and Steve goes back in time. the MCU clearly needs people to replace them. and we did get this lace throughout the subtext. too far from home, this centered around Peter becoming the Next Iron Man, but there were more hints in that that he would embody certain other members of The Avengers too. when he's on the bridge in London, about to tackle Mysterio head-on, Peter makes a shield and grabs a part of a drone, which he then ties together with a seat belt so that he can use it as a weapon. Peter has the perfect shield and thing that he can swing because of it. and I think this is actually a nod to Captain America. in endgame, after gaining manya, he begins to swing around before charging at Thanos. Peter holds her in a similar position, showing that he now embodies some of the pillars of the Avengers. and I love how this stirs up the imagery of Thor's hammer cap shield and of course, his mentor Iron Man. now, seeing Tony go was tough for all of us, but at least we can take some solace in the fact that he did get to hug his father and tell him that he did his best. we've already mentioned how this tied back to the bar scene in Civil War. but in Iron Man 2, Tony tells fury that his father never used to hug him. so this is a great little exchange between the two. throughout the MCU, Tony has told people that he never likes to be handed anything. and this has been referenced in Iron Man, The Avengers and a lot more, making it one of the weirdest character beats well. ever, however, in the elevator, Tony's dad handsome flowers, and he takes them immediately. when Tony's dad puts his hand out, he says, shake it. don't pull it. and Tony later gets the idea to shake the stones off the glove instead of pulling it, like how he did in infinity war, which, as we all know, went pretty badly. now, a big thing in the film that really shocked audiences was the reveal of Thor, who, since killing Thanos, had turned to alcohol and Pizza, duh. Marvel even predicted lockdown life. this is reflected in his surroundings and the people that he hangs out with. if you look closely at Korg, you will see masses started to grow on him, which, similar to stones, shows how long he's probably been stationary for. at one point in the film, we also see Thor putting eye drops in. but he, of course, only puts them in one because the other one is robotic. Thor comes face to face with his mother and Asgard, and similar to the Tony and Howard interaction, it's an emotional moment. when Frigga asks Thor what he's wearing. he states, he used to wear this all the time, instead of, I wear this all the time, because he's from the future, and this hints at him being placed out of time. Frigga hints that she knows of the feature, because she was raised by witches. and this is a callback to thor ragnarok, in that thor and loki go to Shady Acres just to catch it being demolished. and Loki says he didn't know this would happen because he can't see the future, as he's not a witch. so taking all that together, we do know in the Marvel Universe that witches can tell the future, and that's how fritter is able to work. well, you know that that and the fact that he he looks completely different. anyway, endgame is laced with a feeling of grief throughout, but the stages of it pop up at several points, with each of the surviving Avengers representing the five stages of it. Tony represents denial, because he got lucky and didn't lose his family. Tony ended up turning his back on the world, and he was living a peaceful, happy life with his wife and kid, in complete denial of the despair going on. Clint represents anger, which is pretty obvious through his actions. and Steven etosha represent bargaining, as they refused to move on, even after five years, when the idea of time trouble is brought up. even though it seems ridiculous at first, they jump at it and give it their all because they're trying to bargain with the universe. Thor sinks into depression and completely loses his grip on life, lets himself go. and the loss of his family, his home and people really weighs in on him. finally is Hulk, who deals with acceptance. he is the only one who works on bettering himself and accepts everything that's happened. even though the character lost two times. the two opposites of his personality put their differences aside and they accept one another and move on. Hulk plays a big role in the film, and his snap brings everyone back. now there's actually a lot of subtle things in this scene that show that the world is restabilized fiercely. there is sunlight, and the clouds seem to depart. this is because the oxygen around the planet was contaminated with the ashes of all those that died. we actually saw hints of this earlier in the film when viewing New York. and this mist was likely brought on because of the dust that surrounded the planet. when everyone got well dusted, the birds returned as does hawkeye's wife, Laura. now why this is interesting is because she is one of the people that we see go last in the snap. as they disappear at the star of endgame. during the scene, we can hear birds chirping, and they're taken to so it's poetic how Laura and the birds are the first to go and also the first to return. when Tony assembles the gauntlet with rocket and Hulk, this is a direct call back to when Howard played with the tesseract in the first event. yet that is also why rocket says, boom. as in that scene, Howard blew the chamber up. Dan asset is all about balance and no more is this reflected in the way that the gauntlet goes from being left handed to right. an infinity war, it starts off on the left, and an endgame, it goes to the right, which brings everything full circle. Tony calls rocket at build-a-bear, and rocket says, maybe I am. it's going to play. this a joke, but when Yuri watch the MCU, it's really sad. in guardians, rocky tells stalo that he didn't choose to be taken apart and put back together over and over again. and hey, no wonder he thinks he might actually be a build-a-bear. Tony re-enters stark tower through the same window that he was thrown out of by Loki. and when he goes to see CAPA Avengers HQ, he says he just wants peace. this is a callback to Ironman in which he states that with peace, he'd be out of the job. Tony is, of course, out of the job in the early stages of endgame, perhaps showing that he did find peace with his family. and finally, finally, finally, how are the duck arrives in the final battle after having been seen in both guardians movies. and the kid from Iron Man 3 is all grown up. I know they're kind of obvious ones. I just got so many comments on the last video saying I missed them. so, yeah, they finally made the video. we can rest now you. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on these Easter eggs, so comment below and let us know. if your comment didn't make the list, then apologies. but I will probably be revisiting the movie at some point. and as I had a lot of fun with this so yeah, leave your bits of trivia below. make sure you check out our first breakdown of endgame, which is gonna be linked at the end, as it contains a ton of details that are really thick and rich in the film. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it, and as a thank-you, your access to content early. if you want to come chat us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people are subscribed to the channel. and this Monty can win the Marvel phase three, part one box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you submit notifications on the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of May in the cell be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. not see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 