take a minute and we're almost there. about three miles out in the woods, maggie's group takes a break. negan isn't keen on returning to the meridian. it would be unwise to jump into a trap led by the reapers. maggie says he's free to go. negan agrees to stay if maggie promises that there will be no more bad blood between them. they exchange handshakes in agreement. gabriel decides to go in for some closer recon on the reapers. he discovers that they have their own man of god who prays over their dead. gabriel has been questioning his own faith for some time. he couldn't bring himself to kill the priest. negan shows maggie how to herd the walkers, just like the whispers did. maggie and negan talk about what happened in the past. and when maggie asks if he could do it all over again, would he have done things differently? yeah, if i could do it all over again, i'd have killed every single one of him. hearing this was a shock for maggie, but negan was just being honest. back at the meridian, pope is absolutely furious that they let maggie's squad slip away when they were so close of getting them. leia takes the blame to save her companions. pope orders her to go out and find them. daryl joins and the two set off together. they come upon a man hiding in the woods who swears he's just traveling with his wife and son. but his wife is injured. when leia delivers the message over the radio, pope gives her the order to kill the family. it appears that the guy was telling the truth. leia told him to take his son and flee. leia couldn't shoot the injured woman, so daryl puts the woman out of her misery. now daryl is starting to see that leia is not totally on pope's side, and that there's a chance she can be saved from this whole crazy situation. i remember the good stuff. back at the commonwealth princess ezekiel, eugene and stephanie are working off their crimes by clearing out old, abandoned buildings full of walkers. eugene gets into trouble after hitting governor pamela melton's son, lance uses this opportunity to get info about his people in alexandria 