Manifest is just wrapped up. it's midseason finale, and it still feels like there's a lot to uncover from the show. whether it's the mysterious villains, what happened to the passengers and more, every episode adds something to the enigma. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything you need to know about the show's midseason finale, as well as what I think the events will lead to. there will be heavy spoilers, so if you haven't watched the latest episode, and I suggest that you turn off now. for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to you. throughout season 1, we learned of the shadowy organization that kidnapped the passengers of flight 88. in the mid-season finale of manifest, Ben Mikayla and Vance discovered the location of the missing passengers. due to one of Cal's visions, the group discovered the passengers tied up and being experimented on, and managed to free them before they are neutralized by the scientists. whilst the facility was destroyed during an explosion, the group still managed to capture some of the scientists, and hopefully they and the freed passengers can offer some explanation. the cost of the search was high, however, and Vance was apparently killed during it. personally, I think this is a ruse by the character and show to fool us into thinking that the character is deceased. Vance will now likely be in the crosshairs due to his involvement with the investigation, so it makes sense for him to use this as an opportunity to go into hiding. another possibility is that Vance has been captured by unified dynamic systems, and that they are now holding him hostage. what we do learn from season 1 is that company tied to unify dynamic systems is behind the events of the show. we learned that the person leading the company is named the major, and he could prove to be season one's big bad villain. with his mission at the singularity project, the major supersedes Belsen, but that doesn't mean that the latter doesn't have a couple of tricks up his sleeve. we learn that belton has a spy working for him named autumn, who was allowed to escape so that she could gain Ben's trust. this will likely prove to be the show's wildcard in the second part of the season, and I can't wait to see how this pans out. what the singularity project entails is still yet fully answered, but it's clear that the passengers have been gifted with certain abilities. Carl seems to be able to predict the future, while Spain has the ability to be guided by a spiritual force. whether these abilities will grow is unclear, but I assume that they will. I can't wait to see what powers manifest, excuse the pun, in the second part of the season. so what are your thoughts on manifest? are you enjoying the show and what you expect to see in the second part of season 1? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this week's other big mid-season finale, The Walking Dead, which will be linked at the end of this video. this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 