this pants have turned into a monster. it is very hot-tempered and aggressive. a girl wearing these pants went to the toilet. when she got to the toilet, she discovered that the pants were too tight. she couldn't take off her pants. it's getting worse and worse every second. the girl did try everything she could. still she couldn't pull it out. the pants squeezed her so hard. the girl struggled, but finally she was squeezed to death by the pants. these pants will be sold starting from tomorrow. it can hug the body and change size according to the wearer. it is made from premium indian cotton. the company director fantasizes about tomorrow's success. the pants are wiping off the bloodstains in the toilet. at this time, a girl comes to find her friend. she called, but no one answered. only discovered the pants. a square on the logo of the pants turns red. the girl was like being drugged. she took off her pants and put on the other pants. after struggling for a while, she finally put it on. but now she couldn't control her legs. the girl jumped and then crashed into the clothes rack. the logo on the pants has two boxes that turned red. libby came looking for the girl just now. she looked around, but could not find anything. she saw only a pinch of blonde hair on the ground. she opened the locker and discovered the body of a girl. the girl immediately went to find the director. the director was also stunned when he saw that. but he would not alert the police because tomorrow is the day of the press conference. he will not let anything affect his business. craig ordered libby to keep it private. he wrapped the girl in a black bag and hit her in a corner. libby felt a little nervous. she looked at everyone and thought they were all murderers. at this time, the guy wearing glasses opened the box containing the pants. within a glance, he immediately chose the pants. he took his pants to the warehouse. he stared intently at the two red boxes. when he was about to put on his pants, he was bitten by it. after a while, the three squares on the pants were already red. this girl is live streaming the pants in the back suddenly raised its legs, wrapping around her neck. the filming team did not understand what was going on. the pants strangled the girl to death. the pants stood up, rushed to the group of people. at this time, the director discovered that the guy wearing glasses was dead. libby was very panicked. she decided to report to the police. the director agreed, okay, let's go together. let's find someone to investigate. but right when she turned around, he beat libby with a prosthetic leg, caused her to faint. the director must let the press conference go smoothly. as soon as he opened the door, he was dumbfounded. the pants are cleaning the scene. he did not dare to make any sound and walked out slowly. luckily, the pants did not detect him. he went back to his office. his competitor, lisa, was also there. when she was about to go out, he shouted to stop her, because the pants was right outside. she thought that this loser has feelings for her, so she mocked him badly. her words made him mad. after looking at the camera, he let her go. he looked at the camera and heard a tragic sound. the [ __ ] was dead. the fat labourer is cleaning up. the pants suddenly fluttered when they heard the girl playing indian music. when the phone rang, it stopped time. it looked at the mannequin ahead. libby has awoken. she picked up the camera to look. it turned out that the pants do [Music] do that. mannequin begins to bang on the door of the camera room. but then it continued to dance. when they turned on the music, she tried to speak indian to communicate with it. the mannequin understood her. it writes an introductory paragraph on the wall. it turned out that the pants were an indian girl, while working her towels, were swept into the cotton making machine. her body was also swept inside. fresh blood dyed the cotton barrel red. but the cotton is still washed and made into pants. the girl's soul entered these pants. the two felt that this company could do everything for money. they went out to meet the mannequins. they want to help fulfilling its aspiration. the mannequin bowed in thanks. at this point, the director holds a fire extinguisher to spray through it. the pants flew back to the warehouse. there are a lot more pants there. the director is crazy. he doesn't allow anything to affect the company. if the customer knows about the cotton problem, the company will suffer a heavy loss. the hallway lights went out. the director returns to the camera room. the two girls took the camera and followed the pants. they decided to use this video to expose the company. arriving in the warehouse, they found a lot of pants biting things. when they were about to leave, the director locked them up. he reclaimed the camera in their hands. they refused. he opened the door and rushed in. he used the radio to find the position of the janitor, then stabbed her with a piece of iron. but he found that the memory card inside had disappeared. libby was captured by him. he strangled her. a moment later, she fainted in front of him. appeared a lot of pants. the pants went up together. one rushed in and kicked him, then the other pants also rushed up. the director died. libby went to the gallery. she wanted to advise the pants to stop, but right now they didn't want to listen to anyone. finally, it was eight o'clock. the company door is open. a lot of people come to buy pants. libby tried to block the door, but was pushed by the crowd. 175 pairs of pants began to take revenge. the movie ends here. 