hi everybody. today i want to recap in comedy, action movie called kingsman the golden circle. hope you enjoy. [Music]. a year after defeating richmond valentine, gary eggsy onwin has officially joined kingsman, having taken his late mentor, harry hart's position of galahad as well as harry's old house. and is dating tilda, crown princess of sweden, whom he saved from valentine. on his way home from the taylor shop, he is ambushed by charlie hesketh, a rejected kingsman applicant who lost his right arm and vocal cords during the valentine incident. eggsy evades charlie and his henchmen in a car chase across london, but charlie's cybernetic arm, severed in the skirmish, hacks into the kingsman servers through the computer in eggsy's car, with the information thereby gained. poppy adams, the leader of the world's largest drug cartel, the golden circle, launches missiles that destroy kingsman headquarters and kill all the agents in britain, including eggsy's best friend, roxy and his other friend, brandon, who was at eggsy's house to look after his dog while eggsy was away in sweden with tilda. eggsy and his colleague, merlin, are the only two survivors of the attack. by following an emergency doomsday protocol, the two make contact with statesmen, the american counterpart of kingsman, which uses a kentucky based bourbon whiskey business as a front. there they discover that harry survived his shooting by valentine thanks to statesman technology, but has amnesia that can be cured only by reliving a traumatic event. statesman head champagne offers the organization support to bring down the golden circle. statesman agent tequila develops a blue rash and shows signs of mania, ultimately being replaced by another agent, whiskey, as eggsy's partner. eggsy plants a tracking device in charlie's ex-girlfriend, clara von gluckefer, during a sexual encounter at glastonbury festival, but is estranged from tilda after telling her beforehand what he has to do. merlin attempts to cure harry's amnesia by flooding his bedroom, mirroring an element of kingsman. agent training. but the exercise fails. eggsy eventually succeeds by threatening to shoot a cairn terrier puppy that resembles harry's late dog, mr pickle, causing harry to relive the final test of his kingsman training in which he was ordered to shoot his dog. during their next mission, poppy broadcasts a message announcing she has added a toxin to all her drugs, which causes users to develop symptoms like tequila's before succumbing to paralysis and subsequently death. she offers the antidote to the world if the president of the united states will end the war on drugs and grant her cartel immunity from prosecution. the president publicly negotiates, but secretly intends to let the infected die, as he is willing to eliminate all drug users and thus render poppy's business useless. he quarantines many victims, including his chief of staff, in a stadium and leaves them there to die. harry eggsy and whiskey track clara to a golden circle facility in the italian alps. eggsy manages to steal a sample of the antidote, but whiskey destroys it, during an attack by the golden circle's henchmen, leading harry to suspect him of being a traitor and breaking the sample on purpose. harry shoots whiskey in the head, but eggsy, believing harry to be delusional due to an incomplete recovery, saves him with the same technology that statesman used to save harry. [Music]. charlie kills clara by destroying the facility to prevent any more samples from being taken and leave no traces behind. eggsy, harry and merlin discover the location of poppy's hideout in cambodia, poppy land, and fly there. while reconnoitering poppy land, eggsy steps on a landmine, but merlin sacrifices himself to save him and harry, while taking out a squad of poppy's guards and singing his favorite john denver song at the same time. eggsy fights and kills charlie is revenge for his fallen comrades, while harry destroys poppy's robotic attack dogs with the help of elton john, whom poppy had kidnapped during valentine's attack and forced to sing for her, they secure the laptop controlling the drones that can deliver the antidote worldwide. then inject poppy with a concentrated dose of her toxicity and hair storms as they kill all the guards they meet. the delirious poppy gives them the laptop password for the antidote, but dies from an accidental overdose. whiskey interrupts them before they can deploy the drones, revealing that his wife, pregnant with their son, was killed in a robbery committed by two methamphetamine users years ago, which caused him to develop a personal vendetta against all drug users, wanting them to die. a furious fight breaks out, ending with harry and eggsy dropping whiskey into poppy's meat grinder. they then activate the drones, delivering the antidote worldwide. in the aftermath, the president is impeached and arrested for conspiring to let the victims die, and statesman purchases a distillery in scotland to help rebuild kingsman. statesman. tech support specialist, ginger ale, is appointed the new agent whiskey. eggsy marries tilda, and a cured tequila joins kingsman, which acquires a new tailor shop, in london. thanks for watching. consider to subscribe and see you again in the next video. 