Story Recapped here. Today, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to explain a drama and horror film called, \xe2\x80\x9cInterview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles.\xe2\x80\x9d Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. In modern-day San Francisco, a young journalist named, Daniel Molloy, is interviewing a man named, Louis de Pointe du Lac, who claims to be a vampire. Daniel is reluctant to believe him, but Louis\xe2\x80\x99s supernatural abilities and appearance convince him to listen to the unnatural man\xe2\x80\x99s story. In 1791, in New Orleans, 24-year-old Louis is a wealthy plantation owner who had just lost his wife and infant in childbirth. He quickly sinks into depression and spends his time and money on gambling and prostitutes. He wishes nothing more than to join his family in the grave. One night as he\xe2\x80\x99s gambling, Louis gets into a fight and the other gambler threatens to shoot him, which Louis happily accepts. The gambler puts his gun away and Louis and his woman for the night exit the tavern to seek more privacy. Unbeknownst to Louis, a vampire lurks in the darkness, watching him. Louis and the prostitute end up at the docks where a pimp threatens him with a knife. All of a sudden, the pimp and the prostitute are snatched away and killed. Louis, too drunk to be aware, falls into a pile of sacks. The vampire finally reveals himself as Lestat de Lioncourt and bites his neck. They fly off the ground as he sucks Louis\xe2\x80\x99s blood and asks him if he\xe2\x80\x99s had enough of death. Louis wants nothing but to die so the vampire drops him on the banks of Mississippi. Louis survives the waters but becomes extremely sick. Lestat visits him in his mansion and offers to take all the pain and death away forever. When morning comes, Louis sees his last sunrise and visits his family\xe2\x80\x99s grave. There, Lestat bites his neck again and makes Louis drink from his own blood, finally turning him into a newborn vampire. After his transformation, he takes Louis into one of the coffins and lets him sleep in the darkness. Louis wakes up the next evening with a thirst for blood. He joins Lestat at a tavern as he kills a prostitute for Louis\xe2\x80\x99s first meal. Louis joins him in drinking her blood but refuses to take her life. Back at the mansion, Louis is still hungry and senses the sweet blood of one of her servants, Yvette. He fights the temptation and Lestat makes him drink rat blood instead. Drinking animal blood can help a vampire survive but it won\xe2\x80\x99t help keep their youthful looks and powers. Lestat teaches Louis the ways of the vampire. He takes him hunting with him among the aristocrats. Lestat makes two to three kills every night, starting off with a young and beautiful girl. On one particular night, as they attend a party, Lestat sets hit eyes for the widow, St. Claire, and her young lover. Louis learns that Lestat can read other people\xe2\x80\x99s thoughts and he tells him that St. Claire had her lover murder her husband. Evildoers are easier to kill and they taste better. Lestat takes off with her lover while Louis accompanies St. Claire as she walks her dogs on the mansion grounds. Lestat kills the young man easily but Louis finds himself distracted by the yapping dogs. Suddenly, Lestat hears a scream and finds St. Claire crying over her murdered dogs. He breaks the widow\xe2\x80\x99s neck and reprimands Louis for almost getting them caught. Louis gets angry and pushes Lestat against a tree, but he only commends his fury, stating that this is the reason why he chose Louis in the first place. Lestat laughs at him and tells him that he can choose to eat what he wants, but he will wait until Louis finally turns around. Refusing to kill humans, Louis feeds himself on any animal he can find around the plantation. This causes great alarm for his servants who think the land is cursed and are performing rituals to banish the evil. At the mansion, Louis begs Lestat for the meaning of this wretched life, but Lestat doesn\xe2\x80\x99t know. Instead, he urges Louis to go out and feast on the local cuisine but without success. Lestat takes off on his own to quench his thirst. Meanwhile, Yvette begs her master to help the plantation and send Lestat away. Louis finally gives in to his starvation and drinks Yvette\xe2\x80\x99s blood. As the servants storm their master\xe2\x80\x99s mansion, Louis kicks the door open and hands them Yvette\xe2\x80\x99s dead body. He reveals himself as a vampire and sets them free. He tells them to run away for the land is cursed and starts burning down his home. Lestat arrives and is angry at Louis for ruining the only wealth they had left. The loss of their mansion doesn\xe2\x80\x99t dampen Lestat and soon enough he rents rooms for them near the center of New Orleans. One night, Lestat has two prostitutes over and kills one of them. He kisses the second woman\xe2\x80\x99s chest and she gasps as she sees the pool of blood staining her dress. He opens her wrist and drains her blood into a glass and hands it over to Louis. He refuses to drink the blood and tosses it away, angering Lestat. Lestat plays with the woman some more, sticking her into a coffin and pretending that she\xe2\x80\x99s dead. The woman begs Louis for her life but he still refuses to take any part of the game. Lestat finally kills the woman, angry at his companion\xe2\x80\x99s cowardice. The city is now in the midst of a strong plague, killing hundreds of families by the day. As he stumbles through the houses, Louis comes across a crying child, Claudia, whose mother has just died from the plague. Claudia is all alone with no family to look for her. At this point, Louis is so hungry that he digs his fangs into Claudia\xe2\x80\x99s neck. Realizing what he has done, Louis leaves Claudia on the bed as Lestat catches up to him, laughing at his hypocrisy. Louis runs away into the sewers but Lestat finds him by following the corpse of rats. He convinces Louis to go back to the apartment where he has taken Claudia. Not wanting the girl to die, Louis gives in and lets Lestat give the girl a new life. Claudia drinks Lestat\xe2\x80\x99s blood, almost draining him to death, and then begins to transform into a newborn vampire. For her first meal, she finishes off one of their maids. Now a vampire, Claudia becomes their adopted daughter. Louis is forced to stay, wanting to protect Claudia and give her the love and attention that he was never able to give to his own child. They soon move to a bigger home and Lestat pours all his attention to Claudia, filling the lonely void in his existence. He buys her dolls and even gets a seamstress to make her new clothes. Claudia, with her undisciplined thirst, kills off the seamstress and Lestat scolds her, reminding her to never kill inside the house. Louis dotes on Claudia just as much, letting her sleep with him in his coffin until she wants one of her own. Claudia is a true prodigy and learns fast. She lures her victims with an innocent act and then kills them instantly. Some nights, she and Lestat would go hunting and eliminate entire families at once. 30 years passed by and even though Claudia never grew older, her mind was that of a fully-grown woman. She doesn\xe2\x80\x99t understand why she didn\xe2\x80\x99t grow up to be like the woman she saw at the docks. One evening, Lestat visits her in her bedroom and gives her another doll. Tired of being treated like a little girl, she lashes out at Lestat and starts throwing away her dolls, revealing the corpse of the woman she saw at the docks, hidden away in her bed under her toys. It turns out that Claudia had killed and kept her in the hopes to become like her. Louis and Lestat are shocked to see the corpse and run after her in the house. Claudia cuts off her own hair to look older, but to her surprise, her hair just magically grows back. She demands to know who made her the way she is and cuts Lestat\xe2\x80\x99s face with the scissors. Lestat, angry at his adopted daughter, vows to never tell her how to turn a mortal into a vampire and orders her to get rid of the corpse. Claudia storms out and Louis follows her. Louis finally reveals to her that she will never grow old, die, or grow up. He also takes her to her original home where they had found her and told her how he had fed on her and how Lestat turned her into a vampire. Claudia decides that she hates them both and runs away. After a night of killings, Louis returns home and finds Claudia who eventually forgives him for turning her into a vampire. She then suggests that they leave Lestat and go off on their own, but he tells her that he will never let them go. But Claudia has a plan. One night, as Lestat is playing the piano, Claudia approaches him and pretends to make peace, taking him to see her gifts. She brings him, two boys, on the couch, and Lestat, having not fed enough, immediately drinks the boys\xe2\x80\x99 blood. All of a sudden, he tastes laudanum on his lips. He turns to Claudia, realizing what she had done. The laudanum had killed the boys instantly but it kept their blood warm. She reminds him of the lesson he taught her, to never drink dead blood. Lestat struggles on the floor and calls for Louis, but Claudia grabs him by the neck and slits his throat with a knife. When Louis arrives, he finds Lestat choking on his own blood on the floor. They watch as whatever life left in Lestat leaves his body. They get rid of his body by dumping it in a crocodile-infested swamp. Despite hating Lestat, Louis feels terrible for ending his life the way it did. Lestat made him the way he is after all. After that, they quickly booked a passage for the old world, Europe. While waiting for the boat, Claudia learns all that she can about their kind through myths and legends. As they\xe2\x80\x99re packing their luggage, Claudia sets her pet birds free while Louis answers a knock on their door. To his surprise, it\xe2\x80\x99s Lestat, back for revenge, alive but barely surviving. He grasps Louis\xe2\x80\x99s neck but Louis manages to push him back out. He carries Claudia back to the house but finds Lestat playing by the piano. He managed to survive by feeding on crocodiles, snakes, toads, and whatever else he could find in the swamp. He lunges at them and throws Louis aside. As he runs for Claudia, Louis tosses a lamp at him, immediately igniting him on fire. Lestat stumbles around and sets the house on fire as Louis and Claudia run away. The whole building is engulfed in flames and they make it to the ship just as soon as it sets sail. They reach the Mediterranean and search every village, ruin, and country, for anyone like their kind. At one point, they even began to believe that they were the only vampires left. Louis and Claudia arrive in Paris in 1870 and start living aristocratic lives. Just as soon as they\xe2\x80\x99d given up their search, a vampire named Armand finds Louis. Armand invites them to his theatre of vampires and reminds him to remember his name. Louis takes Claudia to the theatre and cautions her for these vampires will have different powers and they might read her thoughts. The show begins and it turns out that Armand\xe2\x80\x99s theatre is a group of vampires pretending to be human actors telling stories about vampires. They watch the show as Armand appears on the stage and takes the life of a beautiful young woman. Unbeknownst to the audience, Armand actually kills the woman for real, and the rest of the group feasts on the woman\xe2\x80\x99s body as the curtains close. After the show, Armand takes Louis and Claudia to the crypts and introduces them to his clan. As a welcome, Armand lets Louis try the blood of a young boy they\xe2\x80\x99re keeping. Louis asks him the origins of their kind, but to his dismay, even Armand, who\xe2\x80\x99s known to be the longest vampire who ever lived at 400 years, doesn't hold the answer. Louis\xe2\x80\x99s fears are confirmed. There is no meaning to this existence. As they leave the crypts, Armand reads Louis\xe2\x80\x99s thoughts about how he has wronged Lestat and asks him about this. Louis refuses to answer but Armand threatens him that there is only one crime amongst vampires. To kill another of your own kind means instant death. When they get home, Claudia tells Louis that Armand wants her gone so that he could make Louis his own companion, but he reassures her that it will never happen. The next evening, Louis visits Armand in the crypts again. Armand tells him that Claudia is in danger because it is forbidden to turn someone so young into a vampire. The clan is already suspecting them of killing their maker, Lestat, and is planning something sinister. Armand insists Louis send Claudia away for her own safety, but he tells him that he will leave too if she does. Before Louis can leave, Armand lures him back, baiting him with answers to his endless questions. He tells Louis that if he stays with him, he will help him know the meaning of being a vampire. Armand reveals that he knew Lestat and suddenly, Louis feels a bit of peace. He knows he has found a true teacher in Armand that Lestat could have never been. When Louis arrives home, he\xe2\x80\x99s shocked to see that Claudia has taken a woman named Madeleine from the streets. Madeleine is a humble shop owner who voluntarily wants to become a vampire after her only daughter has passed away. In Claudia, Madeliene sees a child who cannot die and someone whom she can care for and love forever. Claudia demands him to turn Madeliene into a vampire so that she could be her new companion since Louis has already found a new one in Armand. Claudia begs him to turn Madeliene into a vampire and he eventually gives in. He bites her and transforms her into their kind. Claudia goes to the balcony to thank Louis but they\xe2\x80\x99re suddenly kidnapped by members of Armand\xe2\x80\x99s clan. All three are taken to the crypts. Death is sentenced upon Claudia and Madeliene and Louis is subjected to eternity in a box. He screams for Armand as he\xe2\x80\x99s separated from the only thing he\xe2\x80\x99s ever known. Louis is carried deeper into the crypts and is forced into a steel coffin. The vampires seal him in and drag him down a set of stairs, taking him deeper into the tunnels. They hoist him up to the hole in the wall and start sealing up the hole with stones. Meanwhile, Claudia and Madeleine are locked into a room with a gaping hole above where they can see the moon. Claudia knows that when the sun rises, it would be the end for both of them. They huddle and embrace each other in a corner as they wait for their death. When morning comes, Claudia wakes Madeleine and they shield each other from the glaring sun. But the rays soon hit them, burning their skin as they let out piercing screams. All of a sudden, Armand changes his mind and digs Louis out of the wall. He opens the coffin and lets him escape. Louis runs around the crypt looking for Claudia and finally finds them in the room. It\xe2\x80\x99s too late, the sun has burned their skins to ashes, leaving only a pile of bones behind. He weeps as he mourns her death, knowing that he will have to live an eternity without seeing her face or hearing her voice ever again. While the vampires are sleeping, Louis douses their coffins with gasoline and sets the whole place on fire. The fire instantly kills the clan as he escapes his way out of the theatre. He faces another member of the clan and cuts him in half with a scythe. He drops the weapon and walks out of the burning building. He shields himself from the sun until a carriage approaches. He jumps into it with Armand and they escape together. Armand offers him one final chance to stay with him, but Louis refuses, telling him that he knew Armand let Claudia and Madeleine die. For years Louis wanders on his own visiting Greece, Italy, and all the ancient lands, until he finally decides to go back to America. Through the innovation of technology, Louis sees his first sunrise in 200 years through films. In the spring of 1988, he returned to New Orleans. One night as he\xe2\x80\x99s walking, he catches the scent of ancient death from an old house. He arrives at a room and sees corpses of rats on the floor. There, weak and decrepit sits Lestat, who has somehow managed to make it through the decades drinking vermin blood. Lestat tells him how he\xe2\x80\x99s been dreaming of this moment and how Claudia should have never been one of them. As Louis walks towards him, Lestat backs away, but he reassures him that he means no harm. As they talk, a passing helicopter and its searchlights frighten Lestat, thinking that it\xe2\x80\x99s the sun. Louis comforts him as Lestat begs him to help him become the old Lestat. Louis refuses his offer and leaves. Back in the present time, Louis admits to the journalist that he never knew what happened to Lestat after that. He feeds on anyone who crosses his path, but since Claudia\xe2\x80\x99s death, he has never been the same. And that\xe2\x80\x99s the end of Louis\xe2\x80\x99s story. Daniel is shocked to learn that it\xe2\x80\x99s the end of his story. He tells Louis that he must have brought him there for a reason and he\xe2\x80\x99s willing to become his companion. He declares that he won\xe2\x80\x99t let the story end like this but Louis holds him up in the air by the collar, reminding him of his mortality. When he\xe2\x80\x99s dropped down to the floor, Louis disappears. Daniel hurriedly takes his things and escapes to his car. As he\xe2\x80\x99s driving, he places one of the tapes to see if it recorded correctly. He sighs with relief as he hears Louis\xe2\x80\x99s voice on the tape. All of a sudden, a hand grabs Daniel from the back and pulls him to the backseat. It\xe2\x80\x99s Lestat! He bites Daniel and tosses him aside. Lestat regains his youth and takes control of the steering wheel. He looks over at Daniel, his soon-to-be new companion, and gives him a chance he\xe2\x80\x99s never had. 