hello movie fans, and welcome back to another full movie recap with movie reveals. in today's video, we're going to break down the incredible and completely original sci-fi horror movie called the fly. warning, guys, spoiler alert. yes, i'm afraid i'm going to spill the beans about what the movie is about, including all the best gory bits. but that's half the fun with these recaps, at least you can then decide whether you want to watch the whole movie or not. if you like good horror with great acting, then this movie will definitely please. now, before i start with the play by play, i just want to say that this film is excellent, in my opinion, and casting a young jeff goldblum as the lead was a master stroke. this movie is extremely well made. the visual effects are fantastic, leading to a wonderfully grotesque piece of art. this movie is not made simply just for shock factor. it's a love story too. now for the recap, and by the way, feel free to comment below. also, don't forget to share some love by smashing the like button. seth brundle, played by jeff goldblum, is a brilliant and eccentric inventor. at a party thrown by his financier, bartok industries for the press, rundle meets veronica quaff played by gina davis, a reporter for particle magazine. he invites her to come back to his apartment where he shows her his latest invention, teleporter pods, or telepods, that disintegrate matter, transmit it across space and then reintegrate it. she realizes this could be the invention of the century, and oversets objections, goes to her boss and ex-lover staff as borins, played by john getz, to convince him to publish the story. borings is uninterested, believing the whole thing to be a magic trick. rundle comes to see her at work and is relieved that stathaz didn't want to publish the story because his telepaths are not ready to be made public yet. although they can transmit inanimate matter, it can't handle living things. he offers to let veronica track his progress as he tries to work out the kinks, as she will wait to write the story until he is finished. she agrees. veronica ends up spending much of her time at seth's apartment while he works, and the two of them become more and more attracted to each other. he attempts to send a baboon for the telepods, but it is reintegrated inside out. soon veronica falls in love with seth and they make love. during the act, she makes an often remark about the flesh driving women crazy. this gives seth the inspiration he needs. he will teach the computer to be driven crazy by flesh. seth continues to work on the telepods, while veronica goes shopping for a gift for him. while shopping, she runs into staff eyes again. now believes that seth's project is genuine and should be published. back at sat's apartment, veronica watches as seth puts a second baboon for the telepods, and this time the baboon comes through unharmed. as they prepare to celebrate, however, veronica finds a package from staff eyes. inside is a design for a cover story on seth. she runs back to his office to stop him from publishing prematurely, leaving seth to celebrate alone. he gets drunk and becomes convinced that veronica is resuming her relationship with staphys. he decides to teleport himself as a way to spite veronica. however, a housefly inadvertently gets into the telepod with him. he teleports to the other pod and emerges seemingly normal. veronica comes back to him that night and they reconcile. but his journey through the telepods begins to show some strange side effects. thick, coarse hairs begin to grow on his back. he develops a intense craving for sugar. his body develops an almost instantly more athletic build and his sexual stamina is seemingly endless. the sex alone begins to wear out veronica. seth suddenly believes that veronica should go through the teleportation herself, perhaps in a bid to make her as virile as himself. she refuses, and in a sudden burst of uncharacteristic anger, seth leaves in search of a woman who can keep up with him. at a c bar, he meets a woman named tawny, and arm wrestles with another man to compete over who gets to take her home. seth wins by breaking the other man's arm with his superhuman strength. and because of a white secretion from his hands, after a night of sex, and a demonstration of his invention. tawny pours champagne on his skin, which severely irritates him. he then tries to get her to go through the telepods, but she refuses. seth tells her not to be afraid. but at that moment, veronica arrives, saying, be afraid. be very afraid. tawny leaves, and veronica confronts seth about the changes she has seen in him. not only is his back growing more hairs, but his face is breaking out in blisters. she then informs him that she had some of his back hairs analyzed and that they are most likely insect hairs. sef refuses to believe anything is wrong with him, and he kicks veronica out his apartment. his thought processes haven't become more scattered and irrational in the bathroom. later on, though, seth does notice more severe changes to himself. his fingernails are falling off, and his fingers drip more fluid. his face has more blisters, and more of the thick hairs are growing there. he concludes, like veronica, that something must have gone wrong when he went through the telepods. he checks the record of his teleportation and his computer tells him that there was a secondary element in the pod with him, which he recognizes as a house fly. when he asks the computer what happened to the fly, it tells him that he and the fly have been spliced together into a single organism at a genetic and molecular level. a month goes by in which seth and veronica do not speak, but finally he contacts her and asks her to see him. when she arrives, she sees that he is frightened and heavily deteriorating. his face is lined with pock marks, and he needs canes to walk. he has to wear gloves to keep from biting his fingernails off. he eats by vomiting corrosive enzymes onto his food and sucking up the dissolved remains. as they talk, his ear falls off. he refuses to take help from any professional doctors, not wanting to be a lab rat. veronica goes to staff eyes, hoping to find some way to help seth. he warns her not to go back to him, fearing a contagion. but then he asks to go ahead and visit him again to document what is happening, so staff eyes can see and find a way to help. she returns to his apartment to find him crawling on the walls and ceiling as he now realizes what is happening. he is turning into a human fly hybrid. he calls brunda fly and wants veronica document his metamorphosis. she records a video where brundle demonstrates his new eating habits and brings it to staff eyes, who watches it in horror. veronica then shocks daphiz further by telling him she is pregnant with seth's child. stathize encourages her to talk to seth before aborting the baby. when she sees him again, he has deteriorated even further. he no longer wears clothes. his skin has become swollen and lumpy, and more of his body parts have fallen off, and he barely resembles his old self. he keeps the sluffed off parts in a cabinet, dubbing it the brundle museum of natural history. he mourns veronica not to return her because his fly instincts are taking over, and he will not be able to keep himself from hurting her. she leaves without telling him she is pregnant and demands staff eyes take her to a doctor for an immediate abortion. seth overhears them talking, however, and follows them to the doctor's office where he kidnaps her and takes her back home, asking her to have the baby as it may be the only thing left of his humanity. veronica is too frightened, thinking there is some kind of monster growing inside her, staff follows them to set's apartment armed with a shotgun. but seth jumps down from the skylight catching stathize by surprise, seeing that stathaz means to shoot him, seth defends himself by vomiting his digestive enzyme on staphy's left hand and right foot, melting both appendages and sending staff eyes into a state of semiconscious shock. he is about to vomit on staphy's face and make him a meal when veronica, who seth has kept on the roof, intervenes. seth lets stathize live, but asks for veronica's help to make him human again. when she asks him to explain, he shows her the plan he has created. he wants to use the telepods as a gene splicer yet again, using them to fuse himself with veronica and her unborn child, in the hopes that her untainted humanity will be enough to stop the metamorphosis. veronica resists, but seth tries to force her into it, saying, we'll be the ultimate family. as she struggles to free herself from seth's grip, she accidentally rips off his jaw, which sparks the final stages of seth's transformation. his limbs shed the remainder of their human skin, revealing the insect body underneath. the rest of his face falls away to reveal a fly's head. the now completely transformed bruno fly throws veronica into one pod, activates the computer and steps into the other. as the countdown to teleportation ticks away, the wounded stathize comes to his senses. with some effort, he uses his shotgun to shoot the cables connecting veronica's telepod to the computer, forcing it offline and ensuring veronica's safety. runner flies smashes the door to its telepod and attempts to escape, but the teleportation sequence begins as it is halfway out of the telepod. in a flash, a section of the telepod is transported to the third pod with bruno fly, causing a shower sparks. staffish manages to crawl to veronica's pod and let her out. the computer, in the meantime, fuses brun to fly with the section of the telepod that it took. the receiving pod door opens and brenda fly collapses onto the floor. as a result of the fusion, mozart's body is now a mangled, twisted mass of flesh and machinery. run afly crawls toward veronica, who arms herself with stathized shotgun. rather than try to harm her, however, run the fly uses a claw to point the shotgun barrel at its own head, silently asking veronica to end its life. she is unable to at first. but seeing that the creature which used to be her lover is horribly deformed and in excruciating pain, she gains enough strength to pull the trigger, blowing apart brunda fly's head the end. hope you enjoyed watching this movie recap. maybe enough to watch the full movie. we hope you do. make sure to subscribe, and don't forget to hit the notification button. it might not seem like much, but it really helps us out with the algorithm and allows more people to find her videos. thanks for watching, and see you again soon. 