[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this video, we're gonna take a run through puppet master for let's get to it, in an attempt to dive deeper into the mythology. this movie opens on a group of satanic underworld puppets. they're in the process of sending soldiers into our world to protect the secrets stolen by too long, it prevent us from discovering them. but we didn't even have a notion you existed until you decided to reveal yourself. so you may need to rethink that one. we then find ourselves at biotech industries where an unusual wooden box is being delivered by this goth courier. up in the lab, we find dr. Piper fiddling with robotics and algorithms, completely ignoring the possibility of using magic to reach her goals. after a brief success, she calls her cohort, dr. Baker, to engage in typical science banter. indeed, the box is delivered to her office. not knowing way it is, she sets it aside for now, but then experiences the worst possible outcome for a science lab, when there's a power surge, resulting in lights-out and a lockdown. she grabs for her keys and sacrifices a finger in the process. and she tries to crawl away, the demon dog gets its hooks in her and sucks out her life force. we then find ourselves at Bodega Bay with Rick, the Boy Wonder, working on his battle bots. and wearing his finest Kinko's, he plays a fun game of death laser with them, which is how he tests his robots for sufficient levels of AI to stimulate life. oh, that's how that's done. he's interrupted by his girlfriend, Susie, who comes to visit and brings her friends, Loren and Cameron, who's a total douche exactly. meanwhile, dr. Baker gets a familiar wooden box delivered to him. not one to suffer childish pranks lightly, he promptly puts the figure in his nuclear incinerator, which seems like overkill. regardless, the demon is able to escape his radiated prison and makes short work of dr. Baker. back at the dinner table, the group gets to know each other a little better. we come to find out that Cameron has been trailing Rick's geniuses whole career, but thinks he has finally carved out his own niche working on the top-secret Omega project. unfortunately, he comes to find that what he does is essentially a data entry job, compiling Rick's results. they take a field trip to the lab, and Lauren a Chandler, starts getting the feels. she wanders off in screams. the group finds her unconscious and attempts to gently hand slap her awake. she warns them away from to Long's chest. she goes off to get some rest. this is too much for the guys. naturally curious and looking to assert their thirst for adventure in front of their lady friends, they eventually managed to burst the thing open and find the remaining puppets, along with tool ons Journal. they dive right in and start injecting the puppets with the animation juice. the puppets come too, and they all stare at each other for a bit. the group retires for the evening, and Cameron begins to turn on his manipulative charms. his intent is to steal to LAN secret and deliver it to the Omega group so he can be the top dog. meanwhile, Rick is having a laser battle to test the intelligence of the puppets and suzie relaxes casually within the confines of the firing range. while a familiar box is delivered to the inn. Cameron gets Lauren to play some Egyptian Ouija, and they promptly open a gateway to the underworld. this scares them off, but Rick and Suzy, not having seen the danger, choose to stay. this works out for them, as Cameron gets stuck in the car with one of the demons and is quickly converted into a bloody pulp II mess. we have a demon puppet showdown, converting into a chase sequence and ending with the puppets working in unison like a well-oiled machine. when they dispatched the demon, we see that they're connected to the underlings, who drop when their avatar dies. Rick, now, understanding the stakes, discovers a new puppet called the Kappa Tron, which is animated in a Frankenstein Ian method. for some reason, the demon breaks in, and everyone stands around for a bit as it menaces them. Rick proves ineffectual, but six-shooter manages to lassu the small creature to London. pops in to provide some advice, and then pieces out. Lauren runs off to find a good hiding spot, and chooses sitting still underneath the table. Suzy attempts to help and squares off with the demon. there seems to be an emphasis here on the use of footwork to confuse the creature. and then they pour acid on it to LAN then grants them the final secrets via Lauren. so Rick mumbo-jumbo some garbage into his commodore 64, and stuff turns real science E. and then decapitron awakens the electro blasts the demon intermittently until it explodes. the torch is then passed on to Rick, the new puppet master for now. and that was the fourth installment, almost halfway there. I hope you enjoyed the video. thanks for watching. [Applause]. [Music]. 