hi. so the first bridge is actually the fourth purge, cuz, you know, the Xbox one is actually the third. and oceans eight came out after eleven, like Episode four was released before three. is its just realizing that numbers and movies, they don't matter. this is the chronological order in which the movies should be placed so far. and you know, they all deal with the annual purge that only happens in America, where all crime is legal for 12 hours. I'm not really different from what I personally don't get how it's supposed to release anger, right? like that's the purpose of the purge. but if I was living during this time, and throughout that night, my neighbor Miguel, tried robbing me, and he accidentally sets my house on fire, what am I just supposed to go to next week's cookout after it's all done, and act like nothing happened? obviously, like many movies nowadays. you know, what once used to be a Blum House low-budget thriller is now an American staple that comes out every July 4th. like, ironically, the first one focused on a rich, white family. now it's on the complete opposite side of the political spectrum. I heard someone actually say on Twitter that these movies were racist, Republican propaganda. how brah. I'm a cartoon and even I know better than that. like, how how close your eyes have to be to get that. like, this thing incorporates Russian spies into the mix. there's a scene where random dude in a sewer just grabbin by the [ __ ]. so they can bring that up. and since I know some of you won't get the subtlety, right, just in case, the poster for this movie is a mega hat. and all that said, I personally think it's a renter. I still think that you can put all the political things to the side and still enjoy it for the thriller. it's supposed to be your you know, maybe even like the political stuff. it's not top tier plumb house. I'm not saying it's a great movie, but somehow they found a way to create five movies out of one in this bad boy. let me explain. so, like I said, there's clearly the political side, right? like, it's a political thriller type of movie, since it takes place in March 2018. and Aunt May over here is this doctor, this sort of like Sciences who's thought up this experiments where they're going to close out Staten Island and pay people five thousand dollars just to stay there for twelve hours with some Kanye West contact lenses. but the thing is, is that crime is completely legal for this night in this specific location. and if Al Gore has taught you anything, it's that science and politics, they're always going to intermingle. we then get this conspiracy movie where the government's main motivation isn't, you know, to like, figure out the human psyche, but they want to purge out all of the pee, right? they want to decrease the population, specifically minorities in certain areas. now, 1, for this Belko experiments, which, I don't know, they may combine both of these movies as well, it's obviously meant to weed out all of those people who are going to sign up because they need the money, and then you don't have to pay them, because they're gonna kill themselves inside. and 2, when this actually becomes an annual tradition, it's still aiming to kill the poor people, because it's the poor people who can't afford, they can't afford a fence, much less than ADT $3,000 security system. obviously, the experiment was supposed to expose how if you put minorities in one location and you give them free range, you know, minorities, they're savages, they're just gonna want to kill each other, because that's supposedly all we want. oh yeah, the first thing they do is throw a black party, because they're not about that. obviously, this pisses off the main political dude because, you know, he, he doesn't want to pay $5,000 to each one of these individuals. he wants them to die. so while there are a few crises within this world, right people were, like, drug addicts and people who are looting and stuff like that, it turns out, guess what, not all minorities want to do evil. he finds a way, however, to manipulate and kill these innocent folks out there who are just having a good time by first killing off Marissa Tomei, calling in armed forces disguised as civilian so they can cause a ruckus, and even causing some Klan members who ride in fighting in their dresses. if you don't wear them as you ride up, that just defeats the purpose fame is [ __ ] fine. now, yes, y'all can make the parallels on, you know, this metaphor and the 80s with crack cocaine, of exploiting certain areas and manipulating them. you know, there's a whole nas album about it. but either way, we know that this dude gets his way, cuz the purge becomes an annual thing. I don't know what stats they go up providing or, you know, proving that stabbing someone once a year relieve stress. but I do laugh at the fact that the purge movies, you know, it's not just people doing drive-bys or releasing any type of anger. they straight turn into serial killers. you got crazies walking around like Michael Myers. this dude right here looks like Freddy Krueger with syringes. others look like damn Batman. super villains, like, how do we go from people committing crimes that listen to, like, say, Takashi to MF DOOM fans wanted to take over the world? we of course also have our main group of minorities that we follow throughout the movie. there's this sibling duo, this lady who, I personally think she was really funny. the third act, hello, too funny, cuz there's people getting mutilated. and then my man from insecure, who went from laying beats to just slaying rednecks in this movie, there there's actually a certain point, like I said, where we're going from a political thriller to a horror slasher to a damn action flick, where this man turns into a blade. I kid you not. whole third act is actually him performing a judge dredd going up this building to save his friends. he's pulling our ride redemption as he kills these neo-nazis floor-by-floor. and there's even like a one-take that they do in a stairway where, you know, I'm not saying this is a quality movie, but shoot, sometimes fast food hits the spot. by the end of the movie, the main crew survives, which I don't know if that means they're gonna be in another sequel, another movie, maybe the TV show. but so does the idea of the purge, since all of a sudden killing people is deemed successful. and while this one did get darker, while this one is more political, the movie does end on a positive note, with Kendrick Lamar reminding us that no matter what happens, we gonna be alright. but like, now I understand how the Hunger Games came to be. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious know your thoughts down below in the comment section, your theories on where they can take the franchise, considering that in the leg they had a post-credits scene, when really it was just the credits happening. and then they like, break into an announcement for a USA. TV miniseries that they're gonna come out with in September. so it's right around the corner. curious to see what they're gonna do with that here is to see is, you know, you know, Belko experiment, I believe, is the same company. so, I mean, they had the same chick who was in that movie as well. maybe they'll combine those two. but I'm curious know your thoughts on it. did you enjoy just like a thriller? I know there were some people after our screening who were like, yo, yeah, this has to do with the projects. and, you know, guns and the ghetto is the movie show they, they're not from Lowell Rey, right? they're from the government. there's, there's a lot to talk about in this movie. so I'm curious to know your thoughts on it. you what you're looking forward to. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll let you in to my annual purge party. 