hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2016 film x-men, apocalypse. as stated in my other summaries, x-men has a nonlinear storyline, with many things being ret conned out by Fox. it will most likely do a short podcast discussing my interpretations of the storyline and how it varies from the official timeline. the summary does rely in part that you've seen the previous film. if you'd like to see a summary, check out the links below, as well as the summaries for the other Marvel films. the film opens showing a powerful mutant known as n7, or or apocalypse, being trapped inside of a tomb in ancient Egypt. apocalypse is thought to be one of the first mutants, with a wide variety of powers, including the ability to channel and upgrade other mutants powers. apocalypse wakes up in the year 1983, and he believes that humanity has lost its way and that the world needs to be cleansed of humanity and remade. he recruits a young storm who can control the weather, and upgrades her powers, making her one of his lieutenants. which, in a comic book, this is referred to one of his four horsemen. the film transitions into showing a young mystique rescuing several mutants, including the winged mutant angel and the teleporter Nightcrawler. Nightcrawler mystique traveled to Xavier school, while angel and another mutant named psylocke are recruited by apocalypse. both of their powers are enhanced and they become apocalypses lieutenants. we see a young Scott Summers, or Cyclops, develop his powers, come to Xavier school and eventually meet the telepathic and telekinetic Jean Grae. apocalypses activities have cost the attention of the x-men, and Xavier consults with CIA agent Moira MacTaggert, who has been researching the legend of apocalypse. this is also the same McTaggart from the first class film that Xavier had a love interest with. the film transitions to magneto, who is in hiding with his wife and daughter, who are all discovered, and his family is killed. magneto retaliates, an apocalypse arrives, transports magneto to Auschwitz, where his powers first manifested. magneto eventually joins apocalypse as final lieutenant apocalypse gains control of Xavier and cerebro and forces all the world's nukes to be fired into space so that can't be used against apocalypse. Xavier is kidnapped. the Xavier mansion is destroyed, but all of its residents are saved by the speedster Quicksilver, who is actually Magneto's son. some of the students are captured by a younger Colonel Stryker, the same Colonel Stryker that had seen in the x2 and the x-men origins films. the captured mutants eventually break out with the help of a brainwashed Wolverine, aka Weapon X, who at this point in the timeline is unaware of who the x-men are. Jean restores a portion of Wolverines memory and he flees. magneto begins to use his powers to control the Earth's magnetic poles, causing massive destruction and death across the entire planet. apocalypse attempts to steal Xavier 's body so he can gain his telepathic powers, but Xavier is able to send a distress call to Jean and the other students and is saved before his powers are stolen. the x-men begin to fight with apocalypse and his lieutenants in a destroyed Cairo. angel is defeated. eventually, storm and Magneto decide to turn on apocalypse and help fight with the x-men. the Xavier begins a telepathic battle with apocalypse, and eventually Jean joins in, unleashing her full power as the Phoenix. see the x-men last and for more info. and apocalypse is eventually defeated. Psylocke flees after the fight. Xavier and McTaggart rekindle their relationship. magneto and Jean rebuild the school. the film ends with the x-men training in the simulation. in a post-credits scene, we see men from the Essex corporation retrieving the data from Strykers facility, including a blood sample from Weapon X. this is a reference to mr. sinister and x-men villain, and probably will play some part in future x-men film. one last thing that I wanted to point out is that the film sort of makes Magneto out as an okayish guy by the end of the film, after he turns on apocalypse. my issue with this is the devastation we see in the film. it's reasonable to say literally hundreds of millions of people died because of what apocalypse the magneto did. Cairo was completely destroyed, which has a population of well over 10 million people. I don't normally put my opinion in these but it really bothered me that everyone seems kind of okay with Magneto by the end of the film, where he played a crucial part in killing a minimum of a hundred million people. this is something that often is ignored in superhero film, except for maybe civil war. is extremely frustrating to me. I just thought I'd share my two cents about that. that was the spoilers for x-men apocalypse. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 