welcome to the man recaps. this is Blade Runner, the original, or at least the 1997 director's cut. welcome to future Los Angeles in the distant year of 2019. it's an overcrowded, ad blasted, trash filled dystopia, so pretty accurate, except it rains a lot. in this movie, they started making genetically engineered, like robot people to go do work offworld. but if they rebel and try to be real humans, then the blade runners have to go and shut them down. Harrison Ford is one such Blade Runner, although he doesn't carry a sword or wear rollerblades, so I'm not sure why they're named that. anyway, this guy is taking a psych test to prove he's human, but turns out he is a robot. so he shoots up the doctor of the really powerful gun, apparently. so they bring in Harrison Ford, and he's like, a chief, I'm retired. but they're like, Deckard, you're the best we got. we need you on this case. see, he was one of four robots that rebelled recently, and they're hiding somewhere on earth, pretending to be human. so he goes to see the president of the company that makes the robots, but he's got this assistant, Rachel, who was a superhot 1980s sci-fi babe. and it's like, hey, do a test on her to see if she's a robot, just for the lulz. and turns out she is, but she doesn't know it. he's like, yeah, that's right. we gave her memories. so she thinks she's human. whoa. she follows Harrison Ford home, and he's like, look, babe, sorry, you're a robot. and she cries and then runs away. so the super intense, white haired guy is the leader of the robots. and they go seek old scientist and they're like, hey, we're programmed to die after four years. I need you to extend my lifespan. he's like, no, only the president of the company could do that. but to see him, you need to befriend this other guy first. so they send their other robot friend, who's posing as a trash hooker, to go meet this guy. and he doesn't get many girls, so he invites her up to his apartment. his hobby, by the way, is genetically engineering super creepy [ __ ] robots. so that's nice. person. Ford goes to the one robots apartment, and he finds some pictures and uses some super advanced 1980s technology to enhance the photo and find a snake lady. so he tracks her down at the local snake the girls strip club. but she knows he's the post who has to chase her through the streets. and his shoots are down in cold blood. and she slow-motion falls through this glass window for like 15 minutes. so Chiefs like, good job, Deckard. only three more to go. except now you have to track down Rachel also, because she's run away too. but on his way home, the first robot finds him. it slaps him around for a bit, and, boom, though he gets shot in the head. and it's Rachel. she saved his life. she comes back to his apartment, and after some really rough foreplay, she decides she's in love with him, and they get it on. so the last two robots pretend to befriend the weird robot doll guy. he's got a chess game going with the president of the company, so they convinced him to bring him in. and he's like, hello curry. I need you to expend my life. and it's like, no, we can't do that. it's physically impossible. so he kisses him on the lips and then crushes his head like the mountain. and Game of Thrones misleads Harrison Ford to the weird guys apartment, where he finds the last girl robot. and they have a little fight where she ends up flipping, and he ends up just shooting her. so in lawn, dr\xc3\xb8bak comes home. he is so mad that he strips down shirtless and finds a dove. and he chases Harrison forward to the roof where he's about to fall. but no, he grabs him. he saves his life. instead, he forces him to listen to his self written poetry, which is a fate worse than death. and just then the robots for uses up, and he dies. and the Dove flies off into the sky, symbolizing something seriously. what is this movie? by the way? Harrison Ford's blade running partner dresses like a pimp, and he's like, I know you've been banging that Rachel robot. I've got a hunter down now, since you won't. so Harrison goes back to his apartment and finds her, and he's gonna take her away, but he finds a little origami unicorn, which was his partner's a hobby. and so he runs away with Rachel. and depending on the cut, that's how it ends. [Music], 