[Music]. in 1976, paranormal investigators Edie and Lorraine Warren document the Amityville murders at the Amityville house to determine if a demonic presence was truly responsible for Ronald DeFeo, jr. murdering his family on November 13th, 1974, and the subsequent haunting incident involving the Lutz family. during a seance, Loreen has drawn into a vision where she relives the murders. a demonic nun figure appears and lers her to the basement, where she witnesses Edie being impaled before breaking out of the vision. in 1977, the Hodgson family begins to experience strange occurrences in their home in London. Janet, the second oldest of four children, is seen sleepwalking and conversing her dreams with an entity in the form of an angry elderly man who insists that the house is his. eventually, all the Hodgson siblings and their mother, Peggy, witnessed paranormal events occurring right before their eyes, forcing them to seek refuge with their neighbors. when the media attempts to interview the Hodgson's, Jana is possessed by the spirit of the elderly man bill Wilkins, who was revealed to have previously lived and died in the house during the possession. Wilson states that he enjoys tormenting the family and wants to reclaim his home. as Janet begins to show more signs of demonic possession, the story eventually reaches the Warren's, and their assistance is requested to assist the local church in an investigation to prove whether or not Jana's possession is a hoax. Lorraine, fearful that her vision of Ed's death may become reality, warns him not to get too involved in the case, but she reluctantly agrees to travel to London with him. she has yet another vision of the demonic Neyman ed study, wherein the demon says its name, which Loraine scribbles in her Bible. while staying at the Hodgson residence, ed and Lorraine consult with other paranormal investigators, including Maurice grosse and Anita Gregory, on legitimacy of the case. they also attempt to communicate with Milkin spirit, hoping to convince him to stop haunting the family. one night after the Hodgson's witness Janet being possessed. Gregory presents video evidence of Janet purposely wreck in the kitchen as if for a practical joke, thereby discrediting haunting. based on this discovery, ed and Lorraine feel they have no choice but to leave the family on their own, but soon discover that the spirit of Wilkins is only a pawn being manipulated by the demonic nun to haunt Janet and break her will. Lorraine then realizes that her abilities have been blocked by the demonic nun, preventing her from grasping the truth of Janet's possession. ed and Lorraine quickly returned to the Hodgson residence, only to find Janet being possessed once more. and the rest of the Hodgson's locked outside the house. adventures inside the house alone. a lightning strike hits a tree near leaving a jagged stump resembling the object that impaled Edie and Lorraine's vision. Edie finds Janet standing near the window, ready to leap onto the stump and commit suicide. he manages to grab Janet in time, but finds himself holding onto a curtain that is being torn from its rings by his and Janet's weight. Lorraine remembers that she wrote the demon's name Valek, in her Bible. she enters the house and confronts phallic addressing it by name, and successfully condemns it back to hell. jana is freed of its possession, and lorraine pulls her and EDD to safety. after returning home to united states, ed adds an item to his on the reins collection, The Crooked Man zoetrope toy owned by Peggy's youngest child, Billy, placing it near April's music box and the Annabelle doll. [Music] 