what would you do if you were trapped in a house with an unstable elderly couple? in this video, i will show you what went wrong and how to beat the elderly couple in the owners. the movie begins with three guys scoping out an elderly couple's home. they plan to rob the home when the elderly couple is out. this couple goes out at the same time every friday, which is very predictable. you should always change up your lifestyle and never be so predictable, because it can prevent robbers and thieves. mary, nathan's girlfriend, found them, and she says she's late for work and needs the car back. once nathan sees the elderly couple as left, they pull up to their home ready for looting. a few seconds later, mary arrives. nathan wants her to keep a lookout, which she can go to jail for for years if they are caught. if i were her, i would leave and never see any of them again. when they hop the fence, terry hurts his leg. terry has scoped out this house so much that he knows they keep their front dorky under a plant. i don't know why people still do this, but it's a bad place to hide a key. the least you can do is keep it on you, so that if somebody finds it, they can't rob your house. gas is then seen trashing the whole place. and you can tell he only cares about the money, which will lead to his death. we see that mary is actually waiting for them, so if they get caught, she is punishable. terry is able to find the safe in a simple spot. many homeowners will keep the safes in simple spots because no one will look there. but if it's an easy spot, it will most likely be a strong safe. none of them are experienced enough to open up the safe, so they result to breaking it, which still doesn't work. they then decide to wait for the elderly couple to return so they can get the safe code from them. this was a terrible idea, which will lead them to get into more trouble. if i saw that the elderly couple was watching a bunny playing on a piano, i would think twice about the couple's sanity. mary is then persuaded to go into the house with them. she seems oblivious that they are robbing the place. and now she is also trespassing. they see the couple arrive home and put some see-through cloth over their face, which is like 90 percent transparent. they could have easily found a shirt or cloth to better cover their face. when the couple walks through the door, they take control and restrain them. mary is helping ellen clean her cut from when she just fell. ellen starts to talk about how she likes bees that sting. and now mary realizes ellen is unwell. while mary's cleaning her cut, ellen's husband, dr huggins, sees mary's tattoo, which says her full name. at this point, she will be caught eventually, even if she escapes, because she did not remember to cover a tattoo before helping ellen. nathan asked the couple about the safe, but they say they don't know what they're talking about. this shows that the couple is hiding something they don't want taken from them. this is shown further when nathan slaps dr huggins, and he still refuses to give them the combination. at this point, they're all so far into this that they won't be able to just walk away. mary doesn't like that gaz is thinking about torturing them for the combination. so she decides to run off and try to call the police. right before she is able to contact them, gas breaks down the door and stops or the elderly couple then mentions how good terry and nathan were, and dr huggins uses their real names. at this point, all of them will be caught eventually, because now the couple knows their faces and names. once gaz and mary return, he pulls a gun on nathan, threatening to shoot him if he does not cut off ellen's finger. gaz then puts the gun to nathan's head, forcing him to cut off ellen's finger so they can get the code from dr huggins. nathan draws blood, and during this whole ordeal, dr huggins still refuses to give them the code to the safe. if the robbers were willing to torture them, they should have done it to dr huggins, because he clearly cares more about the safe than his wife. nathan refuses to cut off ellen's finger, so he cuts gaz's arm. when gaz drops the gun, someone should immediately have grabbed it, because gaz obviously only cares about the money. then they get into a fight where everyone in the room is just watching, while the gun is still on the ground. eventually, gaz overpowers nathan and is able to stab him. then dr huggins gives gaz the code, but it's not the right one. dr huggins was trying to stall gas, sweeping terry to help, but terry was too busy crying in the corner of the room. when gaz realizes dr huggins was lying, he takes the duct tape and grabs a saw. right before gas tortures ellen, the cord is too small and prevents that from happening. gaz is able to find a closer outlet. and right before he uses the saw, mary is able to escape and brutally takes his sledgehammer to gas head, killing him. understandably, mary is frightened by what she just did. mary decides to cut dr huggins loose and tries to take nathan to the hospital. dr huggins then picks up the gun, automatically, putting him in charge of the situation. instead of taking nathan to the hospital, they decide to have dr huggins help him. if you just robbed an elderly couple, i would doubt they would all of a sudden help you survive. also, they didn't notice that dr huggins is way too calm throughout this. terry and mary leave the room and let dr huggins help nathan by himself. if i were them, i would not trust them, especially after robbing them. terry and mary should also grab a weapon of some sort, because dr huggins has a gun. and i would make sure there is an exit i could use. when mary checks nathan's pulse, she doesn't feel a heartbeat, but dr huggins assures her that he is breathing. he then calls an ambulance and seems like he is having a conversation, but mary notices that the phone is unusable, and she knows they are not going to get help. if this happens, mayors should remain calm and excited that help is arriving, and she should plan her escape. dr huggins offers her pills, but mary smartly refuses. mary sees that terry is like the elderly couple's pet, and he would be no help in escaping, but he could be a distraction in helping mary escape. the couple always seems to be busy treating terry, which is a perfect opportunity for mary to find a way out. while at the table, we see ellen suddenly smash a bug with her bare hand. finally, terry is suspecting that they might be crazy. when mary's offered tea and a biscuit, she smartly refuses to have it, suspecting the elderly couple may have laced it. dr huggins then shows them a scrapbook of children that have passed away. mary has had enough of them, so she grabs a knife, demanding that they let her go. but she is easily overpowered and then locked in a closet. when ellen and dr huggins leave, terry goes to help her, but suddenly he can't move his legs because ellen gave him an injection. harry is eventually able to persuade terry to let her out, and she runs up the stairs. terry makes his way up the stairs and finally finds mary, but she was planning on jumping out the window, leaving terry behind. before they can make their escape, gas bombs are thrown into the room and metal sheets are put over the window. as they make their way down the stairs, the elderly couple in gas masks start to whip mary with belts. mary is able to throw a plant vase at ellen, knocking her down. this allows her to steal her gas mask. ellen quickly injects mary with something, but before she can ask her what it is, dr huggins shows up and takes off her gas mask. a fight then ensues with punches and kicks back and forth, but eventually mary is able to lock dr huggins out and chop off his finger. dr huggins is able to break the glass and take mary's gas max. so mary decides to put a knife to ellen's neck, threatening to kill her if he doesn't give her the keys. dr huggins gives mary the keys so she can escape into the basement. along the way, she is carrying terry with her, when she should have just left him there because he is basically paralyzed and only slowing her down. she is able to get terry into the car, and when she turns on the headlights, she sees the couple standing there. when she goes to put the car in drive, she's suddenly shot in the stomach. we see that terry has betrayed her and shot her from the back of the car. dr haggins then opens up the safe and reveals her girl in chains. the elderly couple has been holding on to this girl for years and planned to give her to terry. later, we see terry's mom that works for mr and mrs haggins say that he hasn't heard from terry in a while, but she doesn't know that the people she works for have him trapped. 