after a police shoot our leaves for robbers dead, their widows join forces to pull off the heist that their husbands were planning. this Steve McQueen, female-centric film has a lot to unpack from it. and throughout this video, I'll be discussing all of the details that you need to know about widows. there will be heavy spoilers, and it may be worth skipping this video for now if you want to go into the film with fresh eyes, without the way I'm definition, and I roon it so you don't have to. the main thrust of the story behind widows revolves around the political war between the mulligans and Manning's who are both in competition to become the 18th Ward Alderman of Chicago. Manning's popularity has him as the favorite. so in order to derail his competition's campaign, Mulligan, played by Colin Farrell, hires Henry Rawlings, played by Liam Neeson, and to rob him, Rawlings manages to get away with two million dollars of Manning's money, but he and his group of robbers are seemingly shot and killed in an explosion by police. Manning's angry that he could lose the battle for the political position puts pressure on Rawlings wife, Veronica, to find a way to return the money. Veronica discovers her husband's notebook, which details jobs and future heist, and the film goes from there. Veronica assembles a team of widows made up of their husbands associates. and this includes Alice, Linda and Belle, who is an outsider of the group. Manning's uses his closest associates shut him to stalk and intimidate Veronica to make sure that she is going ahead with the plan. the first big twist in the film comes when we learn that Henry is, in fact not dead, and was actually having an affair with one of his associates wives. Henry was paid by Jack Mulligan to rob the man in campaign fun and was going to split the money with him so that Henry could start a new life. Henry currently has a four month old child with his new partner, and plans to leave the city with the both of them. this is because he and Veronica had a child together that was killed by an overly excited policeman during a traffic stop. clearly, the pain was too much for him, and decided to fake his own death and leave his life of crime behind. and we rigged the van to explode and alerted the police so that they would ambush the group and think that he was killed in the explosion. Veronica appears to learn this when going to Henry's girlfriend's house to recruit her. Veronica discovers Henry's flask. and also their dog is barking at a door, but Veronica refuses to open it to see if he's there. I believe this is because she was so invested in the job and making something of herself that she doesn't want this reveal. so she's away from it, as it would ruin her plans. when approaching the job, the group learned that Henry, in fact, also has plans to rob the mulligans. and it's a nice twist that hints towards just how two-faced he really is. the squad carry out the job, and in the process, Alice is shot by Jack's father, played by Robert Duvall. Linda shoots and kills him, and the group load the money onto their escape van. it's at this point that she attempt steps forward and robs them. and driving off in the van, they catch up to him and force him off the road, which leads to one of the most realistic car crash scenes that I've ever seen in a film. the group take the money. Alice and Linda go to hospital to treat the former's wound, and Belle is dropped off was Veronica goes back to the hideout. it's at this point that Henry steps forward and reveals that he is still alive - Veronica. and he tells her that he needs the money for his new family. he goes to shoot Veronica, but before he can, she kills him and stages the body to look like it was a standoff that went wrong. in the film's epilogue, we learned that Jack Mulligan won the election due to the city feeling sympathy over the murder of his father. Linda buys back his store, which was repossessed after her husband's death. Belle leaves to start a new life with her daughter, but not before she leaves her friend and manager enough money to that that Archie out to Jack Milligan. Veronica donates the money to the library, which will be dedicated to her deceased son, Marcus. in the final scene of the film, she runs into Alice a Adina who has now been able to leave her life as an escort behind it due to the money the two share and exchange. and we finally see Veronica smile, which shows that she's finally let go of all of the grief that clouded her life. she's able to finally embrace and live a good life, instead of turning a blind eye to the criminal dealings and predicaments that her husband put her in. it's a really nice, hopeful moment to finish the film. personally, I found widows thrilling, touching and empowering. this is the story about taking a loss and turning it into a positive. and whether you are male or female, I think you'll be able to relate to one of the characters in it. they are all dealing with grief in their own way. and it's a tale as much about loss as it is king. everyone brings their a game here and delivers the film that ocean's age should have be. this is definitely worth checking out, and makes another great success for Steve McQueen. so what are your thoughts on widows? do you think it lived up to the hype? and what is your favorite heist movie? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of the new horror Overlord, which will be linked at the end of this this is a channel for people who were mad about movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 