welcome back to recapped. today i am going to be showing you a horror slash mystery film from 2021 titled old spoilers ahead, watch out and take care. the film opens with the kappa family arriving at a fancy resort for a family vacation. after settling into their rooms, trent befriends a young boy named idlib, and they do activities like ask other resort patrons what their names and jobs are. and idlib shows trend a special code to decipher messages. meanwhile, guy and prisca discuss that this is just one last trip they wanted to give the kids before they divorce, which is made worse because prisca is suffering from a stomach tumor. at breakfast, a doctor named charles is sitting with his younger vein wife, crystal, daughter cara and his mother agnes. nearby, a woman named patricia is having an epileptic seizure, which charles helps with, while her husband jaron also tries to help. tren also spots it lib as they made plans to hang out again that day, but the resort manager makes him leave the area. the kappas, plus charles and his family, all board a van that takes them to a private beach there, maddox recognizes a rapper mid-sized sedan. the kids all play together while the adults lounge on the sand. the girls find old dolls buried in the sand, left behind by other kids. trent swims by a cave when he discovers the body of brendan's companion, apparently having drowned. the adults examine the body, while brendan is suffering from nosebleeds and is equally stunned at the discovery. charles suspects brendan of foul play, though he maintains that the woman only went for a swim and never came back. not long after, agnes begins to fall short of breath before she also dies. the kids also start to experience something weird. brendan explains to the adults that the woman he was with had multiple sclerosis, while he has hemophilia, which explains his constant nosebleeds. jaron and patricia talked to trent and maddox, who have suddenly aged up, along with cara. several attempts are made to leave the beach by going through the rocks that close off the beach from the outside. but all the adults that attempt to pass through feel a pounding in their heads before they black out and end up back on the beach. they also notice unusual things, like when charles attacks brendan with a knife, the slash mark heals within seconds. the group then realized that there is something time-related occurring on the beach. suddenly, the tumor in prisca's stomach starts to cause her pain in distress, the adults try to help her, with them feeling around for the tumor at first, and describing it as the size of a golf ball. they proceed to perform a surgery to remove the tumor, which has now grown to the size of a cantaloupe. the cut in prisca's stomach heals rapidly. after the procedure, tren and kara age up even more, and kara has somehow become five months pregnant. within a matter of minutes, the adults prepare themselves for the birth, which happens rather quickly. but the baby dies after a minute due to lack of attention. the other adults start to show more visible signs of aging. but crystal takes the process much harder than the others. charles starts to lose his mind to schizophrenia, leading him to stab brendan to death. the others take his weapon away, while trying to come up with an alternate plan of escape, knowing they can't go through the rocks. jaren attempts to swim to find a way out. maddox talks to prisca about whether or not she and guy are splitting up. prisca admits that she was seeing another man. although prisca tries to explain herself, maddox is angry with her. she goes out to the beach and attempts to be strong and find a way out herself. but she finds jaron's body, apparently having gone unconscious and drowned. upon seeing his body, patricia suffers a fatal seizure. cara then desperately tries to find a way out and starts climbing up the rocks to try and make it to the top. but before she can make it high enough, she blacks out and falls to her death, leaving trent devastated. it is now nighttime. charles has become fully unhinged, while crystal is also losing her mind at her rapid aging and declining physical state. guy is also losing his eyesight, and prisca is noticeably grayer. charles then starts to attack guy and prisca, while trent and maddox are attacked by crystal. when they try to look at her, she follows them into the cave, and her body becomes twisted and contorted to horrible angles before she dies there. prisca then slashes charles with a rusty knife, causing an infection that rapidly spreads through his body and kills him. the kappas then gather around the campfire in the beach. the now elderly guy is having a hard time speaking and remembering things, but he essentially admits to prisca that he still loves her just before he dies. prisca then stands up for a moment, but collapses and dies by guy's side. while both kids mourn their parents in the morning, trend and maddox are now in their 50s. trent brings up a code that idlib gave him, which he deciphered and figured out means, my uncle doesn't like the coral. the sibling spot a coral reef nearby, and realized that it must be their way out. the two swim out there, but maddox's clothing gets stuck on the coral. when the two don't resurface, the van driver that brought the families to the beach reports to his bosses that all members of trial 73 have perished. it is then revealed that the resort is a front for a medical research team that lures people with medical conditions to the beach in order to perform clinical trials for life-saving drugs given to them in the cocktails served upon arriving. they know that the supernatural beach speeds up the aging process, so they reduce the trials to a whole day for better results. they believe they cured patricia's epilepsy since she didn't have a seizure for eight hours, which is equivalent to about 16 years. on the beach, trent finds a man he spoke to when he was still a kid. knowing the man is a police officer, he hands the man the journal found on the beach, which details the names of many missing people and their medical conditions. idlib comes out and recognizes trent, even as an adult. authorities come to arrest all the resort employees, while the officer takes trent and maddox to be with their aunt, who is not ready to see that her niece and nephew are full grown adults. make sure to subscribe and turn on post notifications for more videos like this. thanks for watching. 