welcomes to movies. summary. today i am going to explain crime thriller movie hannibal. a decade after tracking down serial killer jane gum, fbi special agent clarice starling is blamed for a botched drug raid, she is contacted by mason berger, the only surviving victim of the cannibalistic serial killer, hannibal lecter, who has been missing since escaping custody during the gum investigation. a wealthy child molester, verger was paralyzed and disfigured by lecter during a therapy session. he has been pursuing an elaborate scheme to capture, torture and kill lector. ever since, using his wealth and political influence, berger has starling reassigned to lector's case, hoping her involvement will draw lecter out. after learning of starling's disgrace, lecter sends her a taunting letter. a perfume expert identifies a fragrance on the letter skin cream with ingredients only available to a few shops in the world, she contacts the police departments of the cities where the shops are located, requesting surveillance tapes. in one city, florence, chief inspector ronaldo patsy is investigating the disappearance of a library curator. potsie questions lecter who is masquerading as dr fell, the assistant curator and caretaker. recognizing dr fell in the surveillance tape, potsie accesses the violent criminal apprehension program database of wanted fugitives. he learns of burger's three million united states dollars personal bounty on lecter. seeking the bounty, hatsey ignores starling's warnings and attempts to capture lector alone. he recruits a pickpocket to obtain lector's fingerprint to show verger as proof. the pickpocket mortally wounded by lecter, manages to get the print and gives it to potzi. lector baits potzi into an isolated room of the palazzo vecchio, ties him up, dissembles him and hangs him from the balcony. berger bribes justice department official paul krendler to accuse starling of withholding a note from lecter leading to her suspension. lector lures starling to union station. burgers men, having trailed starling, capture and bring lector to berger. berger intends to feed lector alive to a herd of wild boars, bread for this purpose. after her superiors refuse to act, starling infiltrates berger's estate. after neutralizing two guards and freeing lecter, she is shot by a third guard. lector picks up an unconscious starling just before the boars break through the doors. berger orders his physician, cordell dohemling, to shoot lecter, but at lector's suggestion, cordell shoves his hated boss into the pen, with lector offering to take the blame. lecter carries starling away, and the boar's eat verger alive. collector takes starling to krendler's secluded lake house and treats her wounds. when crendler arrives, lecter subdues and drugs him. starling, disoriented by morphine and dressed in a cocktail dress, awakens to find krendler seated at the table, set for an elegant dinner. weakened by the drugs, she watches in horror as lecture removes part of krendler's prefrontal cortex, sautes it and feeds it to him. starling tries to attack lector, but he overpowers and traps her. she handcuffs his wrist to hers. hearing the police closing in, lecter is about to sever her cuffed hand to escape, and brings down the cleaver. starling surrenders to the fbi with her hands intact. on a flight, lecter prepares to eat a meal he has brought himself. his bandaged arm in a sling. lector shares cooked brain with the boy next to him, saying, it is important always to try new things. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. 