hey, what's up guys. explanation bros. here. today i'll explain a war action film titled black hawk down. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. black hawk down is a war in action film based on a non-fiction book of the same name, about the details of the us. military's mission in somalia in october 1993. the movie showcases the mission commanded by the u.s president to capture muhammad farah, consisted by u.s elite soldiers, army rangers, delta force operators and flight crew of the 160th soar to run the helicopters, especially the black hawks. the movie starts with the manifestations of the effectual starvation in somalia due to the years of war of rival clans. it narrates back how after the civil war that it broke in somalia followed, suit id breaks into power, aid monopolizes the food shipments, by which she uses hunger as his power to subdue the population. in mogadishu, aideed in the militias loyal to him declared war against the u.n. peacekeepers. under his watch, many dead people are just lying anywhere. and people whom are suffering of hunger and sickness are growing in numbers. in effect, the u.n authorizes a u.s. military-led mission to capture id and restore order. they are given three weeks to do so. the action begins with the malicious driving to the red cross food distribution center where hundreds of somalian locals are bumping and fighting on one another to get a hold of the rice. a militia leader reigns the unarmed civilians with bullets, shouting that the foods are properties of muhammad farah deed, leaving amounts of people dead and wounded. this scene unfolds in front of the u.s ranged chalk 4, led by lieutenant, as they roam around the area with a super 6'4 helicopter. they ask for permission to intervene. however, the un's jurisdiction is that they are powerless to intervene directly. as part of their mission, delta force and u.s rangers keep eyes on mr ato in the crowded market in mugadushi, a man known to sell guns to adid's militia, following him. the u.s team then ambushes and holds captive of mr ato shows no fear as general gerason talks to him, with washington asking for situation reports every day. on their sixth week in mogadishu, the team is now in fragile situation to get the mission done in the camp. the team and joins new recruit to the team, including 18 year old privates first class todd blackburn. blackburn is then introduced to staff sergeant matt eversman to be included in the chalk 4 rangers, while the same height, lieutenant john bales, suffered from seizure attack. staff sergeant eversman is then put in charge as commander of ranger talk 4. on sunday october 3, 1993, at 5 53 am, with the information from u.s military's local somali intelligence source, in the streets of halwa road, the bakara market, a stronghold of militia, the task force commander have a meeting with the general garrison where they plan to kidnap two of the idit's underlings, omar salad, his top political adviser, and his interior minister. the same day, they will go to perform the plan with the same mission template as before, reminding that the mission time for extraction will take no longer than 30 minutes, where the mission code word is irene. the commanders then set to unite the plan with their team back in the camp. sbc, grimes is making his coffee. sbc, thomas tells him that his wish is granted. grimes will be replacing him assisting the 60 gunner. staff, sergeant eversman gather with his team and reminds them that they will all going to be okay. staff, sergeant eversman checks on blackburn while he is eating bubblegum. seemingly nervous about the mission. blackburn, however, says that he is ready. he is trained for it. everyone prepares their gear, ammo and guns, as a few hours is left before the operation begins. back in bakara street, at 2 29 pm, abdi, the intelligent source, is riding the white car with black cross sign tape on its roof. u.s military and air team watches over it as abdi will lead him to the exact building where the targets are located. he is afraid to park in front of the exact building, as too many militias are roaming outside of it, fearing that they might shot him. sounding scared, abdi follows garrison's order to park in front of it, or he won't get paid unless he do so. abdi then parked in front of the building, gets out of his car as if to check if something is broken. as abdi lifts the front of his car and smokes, close up, the task force received their confirmation signal. meanwhile, all the irene units are set out to go to the hostile area of hadid's militia. one by one, the soldiers boarding the humvees, the black hawk and little birds helicopters leave the camp to start the mission. general garrison comes near to them and say good luck to the boys. as the soldiers riding the helicopter passes through the residential area, a young boy that seems to pass time staring at the desert see their helicopter and takes out a phone. the young boy rings another phone, which is passed to one of somali's militia leader, moalib. militia's getting the signal that the us. military are coming, start to gather with their guns and equipment. they start to burn tires, puffing out the black smoke in the sky to send the signal to everyone in the area. a few minutes later, the operation begins. the irene unit arrives at the area. civilians begin to scatter, finding places to hide, and some still trying to watch the scene unfold. at 3 42, the little birds touch down to the land. delta force operators as they enter inside the target building and captures prisoners and id's advisors. on the corner, the chalk rangers holds down to the ground through ropes to escort with the ground extraction and take heavy fire against the roaming militias. as blackburn is set to go down from the helicopter, and rpgs shoot towards the helicopter they are boarding, and blackburn loses his grip and falls down to the ground, severely wounded. sergeant eversman calls for doc schmidt to look at blackburn. the delta force gathers all prisoners and sfc hoot gibson says that they were ready for extraction. the humvees, led by ltc danny mcknight, receives the signal and moves out of the target building. they led the prisoners into the humvees. three humvees is now detached from the convoy, led by staff sergeant shrooker to bring blackburn and some prisoners back to the u and mogadishu airport to be taken care of. the militias at the rooftop of the buildings fires to the humvees as they leave, unseen and unnoticed. a militia hiding at the corner in the street fires directly at sgt pilla in his neck, leaving him pronounced dead on the spot. sfc gibson then takes over the 50 gun. shortly thereafter, three militia guys with rocket-propelled grenade shoots and hit blackhawk super 6-1. the blackhawk, piloted by chief warrant officer clifton walcott, is down in their convoy. general garrison sends in sar bird and ground force to move and secure a new perimeter around the crash site. shock 4 rangers is called to secure the crash site. sergeant eversman takes sergeant galante and [ __ ] with him and calls sergeant nelson and t-wombly to hold their current corner and x-fill with the humvees. later, the ground forces are rerouted to meet at the crash site, secure the perimeter and leave with the humvees. ranger chalks, led by captain steele, and other delta forces, including everman's unit, proceed to reach the super six one's crash site. while the chalk rangers are struggling on their way to the crash site, tons of militia approaches the unit, causing more casualties on captain steel's roof. the other two rangers chalks reaches the super six one's crash site and set up a protective perimeter to await evacuation of the fallen pilots and wounded chiefs. while captains steel and about 40 rangers are stuck in an adjacent area near the crash site, but are immobilized for they have many soldiers wounded with them. meanwhile, lieutenant colonel mcknight, together with sergeant maddox, carrying the prisoners, is having difficulty with super six force delay of giving directions. they are facing a lot of casualties, and has fired one of the humvees. and private richard kowalewski loses half of his body to the shot. ltc mcknight attends to him and struggles to say his final words, to tell his girls he'll be fine because of the heavy casualty and vulnerability of the situation. ltc mcknight's column just decided they will return to the base together with their casualties and prisoners. all the while, sergeant nelson and t-wombly realizes that they are left by the humvees they are supposed to exfil with. they then agreed to just follow to the crash site. while on their way, firing shots against the militias, nelson have his hearing defected as t wombly fires near his ear. the two then encounter sergeant uric and unites to move out of their way to the crash. super 6 8 drops rescue men to attend the fallen pilots of super 6 1 crash. they cannot take the wounded chief, so air commands the super 6-4 to inbound into the crash site. but flying on their way, militias with rpg hit super 6'4, causing it to crash too. sergeant sugart and gordon request to general garrison to go down to the crash and set up a perimeter until crowd support arrive. chief durant is able to survive the crash, and sergeant trigret and gordon take him in a walled space away from the open area. the site is eventually overrun by militias and kills two soldiers. the crowd finds durian, hits him in the head and captures him to bring him as prisoners to id's militia. humvee's led by sergeant strucker, arrives the base. soldiers start to attend the wounded. blackburn is still to gain consciousness. the soldiers then prepare for reinforcement to go back to the site and reloads all ammos and guns. stroker then proceeds to lead humvees back to the hostile area, with them having to circle the city to get to the crash site. sfc gibson requests to go to the super 6-4 crash site on foot. as night falls, delta force ditomoso reunites with chalk rangers evacuated and holding the perimeter in super six one's crash site. a few minutes later, sergeant nelson, t-wombly and urak joins them as well as sfc gibson. the soldiers then awaits for the rescue humvees to arrive while holding defensive positions. corporal smith is shot in the leg. staff sergeant eversman in delta iv schmidt attends to him, but sergeant smith later dies due to blood exhaustion. staff sergeant eversman suffers feeling of guilt with the casualty of his team. realizing the disastrous situation of the task, 4 rangers in the mission. major general garrison calls upon the 10th mountain division, where malaysian and pakistani armored units from the u.n. coalition could give reinforcements. just as the night falls, aids militia launches assault on the trapped soldiers at the super 6-1 crash site. the trap soldiers are able to hold the situation with the help of the remaining little bird helicopter's gunships. a couple of minutes later, the rescue arrives and shuts down the remaining militias firing at the soldiers. lieutenant mcknight lead the removal of the casualties trapped in the fallen helicopters. the firing continues till the rescue soldiers set foot to leave the hostile area. they evacuate the wounded and casualties in the vehicles. so few rangers and delta iv are forced to run on foot to reach the safe zone at the stadium, away from the crash site. allied local residents are greeting them as they are passed through at the stadium, all survivor soldiers give their goodbyes to all the fallen ones. sergeant eversman talks to the body remains of corporal smith and say that he will talk to smith's parents when he gets home. the end titles recounts the aftermath of the mission, where 1 000 somalis died and 19 american soldiers lost their lives. president clinton withdrew the delta force and the rangers from somali two weeks later. thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and also subscribe to my channel for more videos like this. see you in the next video. 