what is up? YouTube. it's your girl Evelyn, and welcome to the episode for recap of the l word generation cue. this recap is full of spoilers, so if you didn't know, now you do. it's the morning after for bet and her still married boo, thank felicity. and the post-coital bliss is at an all-time high. their sensuously eating fruit and giving each other the sexy eye. when Felicity drops the dreaded, what are we question on an unprepared bet that swerves the inquiry like the professional [ __ ] way she is. and then they do the nasty. not long after the hoedown, vet is doing some publicity work and realizes she accidentally took Felicity's phone, which means Felicity has hers PR Queen Danny to the rescue. Danny tells bet she knows about her indiscretion, and although she disapproves, she offers to retrieve vets phone from Felicity at the drop. Danny essentially tells Felicity to kick rocks, because that is too busy making the world a better place and too important to be caught up in a cheating scandal. Melissa T admits that she's in love with vet, and Danny's like Danny returns Beth's phone, but then gives her a piece of her mind. do you have any idea how many people are working their asses off just to get you elected? I am acutely aware of it. then why are you running? what's the [ __ ] point? and then that drops. this season's worst kept secret. turns out the internet was right, and big sister kit did, in fact OD on heroin. and even though I was 97 percent sure this was the case, it still sucked to actually hear it come out of vets mouth. [Music]. speaking of bets mouth, it seems that Felicity was instrumental in helping that process kids death, which is why it's so difficult for her to end their affair. but PR machine Danny doesn't give a damn. she demands that that choose between felicity or her campaign. we are then blessed with another heart-to-heart between Bette and Shane this episode, and I am living for this enabling friendship. it's Shane's birthday, and the two are at Shands place, pre-gaming with a little ganja, bet gets high super fast, and unwittingly reveals to Shane that she and Felicity are still sleeping together, although Bette is definitely not in love with her. Tina, the missing half of BB&amp;T and Angie's other mommy, sent birthday flowers - Shane this episode. normally I wouldn't mention something so small, but all these little Tina reminders are starting to add up and feel purposeful. fast-forward to Shane's v-day party. Danny decides this is the perfect time to further harass bet about felicity. surprisingly that, plays it cool and tells Danny she's decided to end things with felicity. and Danny skips away happily. Alice is taking a fashion risk and channeling her inner big bird because a reporter from the LA Times will be following her around all day for a lifestyle profile piece. The Times reporter sets up a photoshoot at Alice's office, and gg, NAT and the kids join in the fun. the reporter confuses GG for Alice's partner, as well as mistaking NAT for the kids nanny. once the misunderstanding is cleared up, the reporter interviews them and asked, NAT, how do you and Alice maintain a healthy work-life balance - which NAT responds, I'm not sure we do. needless to say, Alice is not a fan of Nats answer. after the photo shoot, Alice fake smiles her way through a bickering meeting with Drew the TV reporter who was forced upon her by Network. Alice is scheduled to interview Jeff Milner, who you'll remember is best political opponent in the mayoral race. drew wants Alice to ask softball type questions about horses and high school superlatives, while Alice would rather ask more hard-hitting questions about feminism and the lack of diversity on Milner staff. Alice starts by taking it easy on Milner before going off script with a question about feminism that somehow leads to her the finding vets, honor and trustworthiness, which will most likely come back to bite her in the ass. with the workday finally behind her, Alice is ready to party. she and NAT get super drunk at Shane's bday bash, and Matt confesses that she wants to have sex with GG and Alice at the same time. Alice and GG are completely on board in in a move that shocks absolutely no-one. the three sneak off and do the nasty. it's Shane's 40th and almost everyone has texted to wish her a happy birthday, except the one person she really wants to hear from. on a happier note, the renovation of Shane's new bar is finally complete. she unveils the name to Alice and Bette. and I don't know about you guys, but I wasn't ready. perhaps feeling the gratitude of having survived for decades living a lifestyle that would have killed most people into Shane finally signs those pesky divorce papers from t-ara. it turns out the reason for their split was that t-ara wanted kids and Shane didn't. that sex. if you watched last week's episode, you'll remember that Shane, in a moment of weakness, had sex with bartender Lina in Shane's wine cave slash office. well, Lina definitely remembers. she spends the entire episode chasing after Shane, because we all know Shane has that good good Lina's a poor girlfriend. Tess is understandably upset by this. and at Shane's party, things come ahead. Lina admits to sleeping with Shane, and tests dramatically walks out. things are still a bit tense between the couple at the beginning of the episode. danny is acting all emotionally distant, and Sophie's annoyed. but despite the fact that Danny is super rich and can afford a couples therapist, they decide to continue with their do-it-yourself approach. Danny confesses that she's afraid Sophie will cheat on her because when they first met, sophie had a girlfriend, and once a cheater, always a cheater. as proof her love is steadfast, Sophie gives Danny her great-grandmother's ring, and Danny's like, I'll give you your ring later. micah is m.i.a for most of the episode, but he does attend Shane's party. he shows up with his tinder hook-up, and not long after, Jose arrives, and things get awkward fast. Micah confronts Jose about his date ditching wishy-washy ways and demands to know how Jose feels about him, in a move straight out of the Bette Porter handbook, aptly titled, pimpin ain't easy. Jose swerves the question, which is Micah against the wall, and they do the nasty. our girl, Finley, is once again waking up in the arms of her Savior. Rebecca Finley, not unlike myself, continues to make terrible jokes about Rebecca's profession. and Rebecca wonders if Finley will ever get over it, because Rebecca is starting to have real feelings for her. after drinking her weight in alcohol at Shane's party, Finley decides to tell Rebecca that she's also catching feelings. not long after, a drunk and misguided Finley shows up to Rebecca's house and tells her that she's okay with Rebecca being a priest, because Rebecca's not a, quote-unquote, real priest. Rebecca does not take this very well. Finley also tells Rebecca that she's in love with her. the damage is already done, and Rebecca asked her to leave. and that is the end of the recap. thank you guys so so much for watching. I honestly love making these videos, and I'm thrilled that you guys enjoy them as much as you do. so if you haven't already, don't forget to subscribe. and if you like the video, do me a huge favor and smash the thumbs up button for me. and I will leave you guys with a sneak peek of next week's episode. [Music]. 