[Music], hey guys, welcome back to another breakdown Twin Peaks, the return. this is episode 12. let's rock. Greg and Ryan here. now, before we get started, make sure to subscribe to the GameSpot universe Channel, because we got plenty more stuff we're covering Rick and Morty now, Game of Thrones and breacher. okay, so every episode of Twin Peaks seems to have sort of a central theme. no matter what's going on in the story, there is something that ties a lot of the scenes together. and this one happens to be patience to another level. just stick with us, but be patient, right? there's a lot going on with fathers in this episode, right? there's a lot of different fathers, a lot of different father types. we got father issues with honey jam and Cooper, with Van Horn, that bike that my father got for me. we also have the warden Murphy in his situation with this sign. and, you know, even a little bit, I kind of also feel like Carl rod is a bit of a father figure, even if he's not anybody's particular father. there's a really great scene with him, yeah, sort of being the good guy. you know, whether or not we end an episode at the Roadhouse, which happens at least half the time. I think. no matter what. the end of every episode, the credits start in big bold letters with Kyle MacLachlan. and that's because he's the one actor who's been in absolutely every single episode until now. he was in today's episode. Oh, what? you're going to count that? this episode as a whole, felt like a filler episode to me. as though to solidify that message, it has a lot of filler scenes. Dougy playing catch Jerry in the woods, Miriam in the hospital, Carl's looking out for a neighbor, Kate yes. seemingly random characters at the Roadhouse having a disconnected conversation about even more random characters during a return performance by chromatic side note, they're like au revoir Simone. are wearing the same outfits again. and in another brief scene, Hutch murders warden Murphy, while Chantal eats Cheetos. it's double whammy. now obviously that scene does more to push the plot forward, but it's still very brief and sort of disconnected from everything else that happened in the episode. everything in this episode felt like these are points they could have put out on any other episodes, but they wanted to just mash it together, just get it out away right now, right? and it almost feels like that's true of the entire episode. I don't feel like it really brought us much. last week, part 11 was very rich with Twin Peaks, very full, and this feels just like filler fail. yeah, despite all that filler stuff, the episode actually kicks off with Cole and Albert officially bringing agent am you Preston into the Blue Rose task force. fold. as Albert offers her the position, he lists off the other former FBI at members of the team, Philip Jeffries, Dale Cooper and Chester Desmond. all three of them disappeared in the line of duty. of the three, Chester Desmond is the one we still really have absolutely no clue about. and astute viewer on reddit also pointed out that, besides Dale, the other two disappeared agents were played by musicians, David Bowie and Chris Isaak. and now we have Chris Capel, who is also a musician. is she gonna wind up missing? - yes. is this the like destiny of any FBI agent played by a musician? now, it was clear that Albert Hall were playing some elements of the investigate close to the chest. but it was not clear that Preston was not a full member of the team yet. assuming secret history of Twin Peaks is canon, it seems slightly odd that she was assigned to investigating details of this case only a month earlier, which was August 2016, without being a full team member. not a big deal really, but just worth pointing out, you know, in terms of trying to make sense of the timelines and things like that. she was put on the case in late August, and the book opens with, like, the transfer documents, and, you know, references to her character being assigned the investigation, and there's even references to her clearance level being increased. so it just feels a little bit weird. also worth pointing out is the rich bottle of mint tea score that goes with this scene, which ends immediately when Gordon announces Diane is on her way. a few moments later, Diane emerges from the red curtain and enters the study or parlor, or whatever this is. Albert informs her that they want to bring her onto the team as well in a deputized capacity. and Diane is skeptical at first, but then confirms with let's rock. let's rock harkens back to two very important moments in the Twin Peaks storyline. Gale Cooper's dream. early in the first season, he meets the arm and Laura Palmer in the red room, a scene that also gave us some, you like, he's dying to come but inside that this takes place in the red room is no doubt relevant to the FBI meeting, also taking place in the Red Room. the other major instance of let's rock is from fire walk with me, when Dale Cooper is investigating the disappearance of Chester Desmond, he finds it written across the windshield of Desmond's car, who is mentioned earlier in the scene by Albert. so, let's rock. people have had this episode probably circled on their calendar for a few weeks now, right? I mean, it is the episode title that jumps out at every Twin Peaks fan like you could not. I mean, looking forward to part 12 was like such a big deal. I thought, man, we're either getting something from the Red Room or the Black Lodge, or we're getting something of Chester Desmond. we've been waiting for his return. no, I kind of joked about it being a troll job last week with everyone at the Roadhouse. just performances from El burro, right, right. your theory was maybe an entire episode of just music video. this was something. okay, back to the FBI plotline. we get three more scenes in the storyline in this episode. in the first diane exchanges text message again with her mysterious contact, who messages las vegas, to which she replies, they haven't asked yet. this raises the question of how much she actually knows. could she be aware of dougie or other elements of the Vegas plot? they haven't asked yet definitely suggests that she knows what the context should be. there's also a later scene at the hotel bar where she figures out that the coordinates from Ruth Davenport do actually lead back to Twin Peaks. later on, Gordon Cole is entertaining a French lady in his hotel room. when Albert comes to see him. Albert asked that she leave, and she takes a long time getting out of the room. Gordon pays attention to every move that she makes. they're definitely echoes of Lille and fire. walk with me here. the red dress, specific seaming movements. and Kohl's explanation Albert of her situation with her family. the mother owns a turnip farm. I told her to tell the mother that her daughter will turn up eventually without a cypher. we really can't be certain whether there is a code here. after Albert informed Cole of Diane's texting, and they both wonder what information they would held from her, Cole expresses concern for Albert. now, Cole could be concerned about Albert's sense of humor, because he did sort of crack a joke there. but he could also be concerned that Albert as missing coded messages. remember part 11 when he talked about cats as though trying to reach Albert, but to no avail? I'm not, I'm not totally sold that there's a lot of coded stuff going on here. I feel like we talked about code almost every time we talk about the FBI, even when we're not talking about the FBI, like with the bushnell Mullins a little while back. I can just sort of see it both ways, and I don't know if we just need to wait for it to pan out. let's get on over now to Twin Peaks. yeah, there were some short moments. you got one with sheriff Truman coming to visit Ben Horne. and they have a little conversation. again, it stretches out for way too long, right? they're talking about Richard mainly. yeah, Richard, which is a little weird. we're going to get into that a little bit later, why we think it's weird. and then also then gives Truman Dale's room key, right? and then, like, you know, typically Lynch in fashion, that T is front and center in both actors frames the entire conversation. well, yeah, before anybody says anything about we got another scene with dr. amp, right? still is electric as ever. mm-hmm. a lot of that was reused footage, but we do get a new speech from him. and at the very end of it, he does talk about the ninth circle of hell, treasonous puppets, the ninth level of hell. well, welcome you. which is a, again, a ninth circle of hell is you're frozen in the icy legs. and I felt like that this whole episode. Oh, people are pointing out that it's starting to look like he could be attacked by the woodsmen at this place. oh, boy. yeah. I don't know that that's worrying. yeah, he's got to defend himself with the golden shovel the the golden shovels are like dragonglass. they are the only weapons that work against the woodsman. and then we got Sarah Palmer. whoa did we get Sarah Palmer. amazing acting. two scenes with Sarah Palmer this week that are both very creepy. first, we see her at the grocery store, where a new variety of turkey jerky at the cash register triggers a panic attack. she says a few things suddenly that feel like they almost have a different context. were you here when they first came? the room seems different and men are coming. I'm trying to tell you that you have to watch out. I almost want to say it feels like she might have like mentally just shifted into the convenience store for a moment. like when she says, were you here when they came? it doesn't sound like she's talking about jerky anymore and somebody's coming, like she still got like one half of her brain in another dimension, and she totally went there in that moment. in a follow up scene, Hawk visits her at home to tell her that she can call him if she ever needs any help. their conversation is interrupted by a rustling sound coming from inside the house. she tell talks that no one is there, but that something is in the kitchen. Reddick points out, they could just be the bag boy be an owl with Mimi and hold it could be Bob. they could be Laura Bob, or just going around the room. or what if it's Mike? but if it's really big ed? what if it's James? what if it's okay. and now for what is sort of become my favorite part of every video that we do, our weekly check-in with dougie Jones. okay, still not Dale. moving on. so that covers pretty much everything except the elephant in the room, which is obviously Audrey horns returned. poor [ __ ] thing. we haven't seen her in 25 years. and for starters, she's married. I love she's also worried about her lover, Billy, who's missing. Billy, were pretty certain is the same Billy from the Billy Bing Fiasco from episode 7, and whose truck Richard ran over the young boy with Audrey had a dream about him bleeding from the nose to mouth. and points out something that is all too true in twin peaks and dreams sometimes harken a truth. while they argue about going to find Billy, it comes out that her husband, Charlie, is refusing to sign papers from her lawyer, probably divorce papers, but there's also a previous contract that Audrey threatens to break. so Charlie doesn't really want to go out to the road house or looking for Billy. and to get out of it, he volunteers to place a phone call to Tina. and it is one harrowing phone call. basically all we get from the phone call is that Chuck told Charlie that Tina was the last person to see Billy. we don't know who Chuck is. we don't know who Tina is. and other than that, we and Audrey get nothing. you're not going to tell me what she said. you're not going to tell me what she said, Charlie. it is a bit of a bizarre scene. and I kind of would actually like to kick it out to the audience in the comments, to see if anybody like really sat there and was able to decipher any more out of that phone conversation. of very one-sided view of that phone conversation. yeah, the only thing that I could come up with is that it's possibly Richard. he doesn't want tell her that her son just murdered a bunch of people. that seems like the most likely thing. yeah, what do we think about this return of Audrey Horne? we waited so long. if you were to tell me weeks ago that, okay, you're going to get an episode called let's rock, and Audrey Horne is going to make her appearance in it. oh, no. this is going to be the best episode easily, right? no matter what happens, I'm gonna love it. is gonna be the greatest episode ever. no, it didn't turn out that way, it? I mean, after all the time of speculating, could she be the millionaire that she'd be pulling strings behind the scenes? like, what's it all going to be? and what it is is a thankless marriage, cheating with the truck driver. I'm glad she's not in a coma, which is why the rivers, right? okay, okay. that would have been worse, yes, if Audrey's reappearance was just coma. the weird thing about the scene, too, is that this could have been taken out and put into episode eleven. they could have had this exact same dialogue and we wouldn't have missed the thing. well, I mean, Billy going missing, she says was two days ago in part seven, was five episodes ago. this was a filler episode. we need something in there to get people to talk about it. and it had to be Audrey. that's all you really got. this episode is very stable. now I would love to see, in context, once we have our full 18 episodes, where this goes on, what this leads to. but right now, obviously there's nothing you can go off of, and it's a little lackluster to see Audrey come back this way. and I agree, where this plotline is going with Charlie, Chuck, Tina, Billy and Audrey is too hard to say right we'll have to wait for next week's episode to find out. but something worth bringing up in the grand scheme of things is why Audrey has not been contacted by the Twin Peaks Police Department about Richard. she is clearly living in Twin Peaks, and she has acquaintances in common with Richard. but sheriff Truman went to see Ben. as far as service goes, Hawk went directly to Sara Palmer's home after her panic attack at the grocery store. so why didn't anybody go to see Audrey? is there still something to this theory that Richard might not be her son? I mean, she could have just cast out the boy after she discovered he was a love child for Bob and slash Gail Cooper, I can see that. but women, they still come to her let the man out. okay, before getting on over to your comments, let's hit up some Easter eggs and references we saw in this episode. yeah, so it looks like Gordon Cole may have taken some French lessons. that's the kind of girl that makes you wish you spoke a little French. tres chic. that scene also opens with Cole telling a dramatic story to the French woman. yeah. and it's really similar to Redmond Barry story for his son. and stanley kubrick's Barry Lyndon the Black Lodge. music from fire walk with me is plain underneath be seen where Dianne said, let's rock. and then it also comes up again during the scene with Sarah, when she freaks out in the convenience store. yeah, that's actually really cool. that sort of call back to the freakiness with the lodge, and also sort of reaffirming our concerns about Dianne. yeah. and then you got the two girls in the Roadhouse at the end of the episode. what are they drinking? heineken. kind of beer do you like? Heineken. [ __ ] that [ __ ] Pabst Blue Ribbon. also, there's possibly an owl flying over Dougie's house. again, big Edie sorta shows up in this episode. you deserve all of the [ __ ] you're gonna get for that one. what? okay, but legitimately, there are some things with the scene with Audrey that you looked at. while I felt like we're in that scene for about an hour and a half, I did notice a few things in the background that could to give us a little clue. so what's going on here? one, there's corn hidden right behind Audry. there's frog book stands. you can park it back to the wings front of a mature monster thing. yeah, we got an episode eight. but the biggest thing I notice back there with the TS. Eliot book. now, it may be the Four Quartets. now, from wikipedia, the Four Quartets are four interlinked meditations with the common theme being man's relationship with time, the universe and the divine. well, that ain't no accident. and I'll just read off a little excerpt from the poem I have here. I said to my soul, be still and let the dark come upon you, which shall be the darkness of God. I said to my soul, be still and wait without hope, for hope would be hope for the wrong thing. wait without love, for love would be love of the wrong thing. there is yet faith. but the faith and the love and the hope are all in the waiting. wait without thought, for you are not ready for thought. so that darkness shall be the light, and the stillness but dancing. let's rock. okay, that's all the Easter eggs and theories. let's get into some of the comments we got on the last video and from people on Twitter. David Rivas hit us up on Twitter and said, found this Native American tribe symbols. the one that hawk refers to is maybe death or Buffalo. maybe I can totally see this. I can see the dark splash of death mixed with the Buffalo and its horns image we've seen repeated on the playing card, brings his message. and the map have the horns turned down though. so here's what I'm thinking. Coppola, also, when it comes to Buffalo, what is Sarah Palmer, see? Andy jerky, um, it has the same things. got a little Buffalo, right? there's like a little Rams head that is very, also, very similar to that image. a lot of you last week also weighed in on our conjecture and concerns about agent Albert. yep. tiny kitten kisses in the YouTube comments said, Albert is not a bad guy. stop. I would say the comment from tiny kitten kisses, which just sounds adorable anyway, was probably one of the least incendiary of the comments. and I just want to clear the air a little bit. I love agent Albert. he's my hero from the original series. and I don't want him to be bad either. I'm just seeing these things that make me a little bit nervous. something's going on with the FBI. if the Jeffries is this all a dream, and Phil Jeffries head right now, we don't know. we got the glitching windows on the airplane. they got the glitching door, just little things that tell you this could all be someone's dream, at least in the FBI's perspective, right? and it just feels like something has to be off somewhere in that equation. yeah, thanks everybody for watching. again. let us know if we missed anything in the comments section below. what did you think about this episode? I thought was one of the weakest one so far. it was like filler and a show of its head. so much filler already, filler within filler. it's still very Lynch. also, you can hit us up on Twitter. our handles are done in the description. later, guys, 