[Music]. Dragon Ball super is arguably the biggest DBZ movie to date, with heart-pounding action from start to finish. whilst the movie is steeped in the chaotic action that you've come to expect from the franchise, there's actually a lot more going on beneath the surface. and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the movie and its ending. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything about the film, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition, and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. the film picks up 41 years in the past with para gasps and is son, Broly, getting banished from Planet Vegeta due to the latter's overwhelming power. King Vegeta worries that Brawley has the potential to oust his son, and cannot allow this to happen, so banishes both. this pride in his son of being used as a tool that continued to have power is reflected in para guess who two wishes to use his son, Broly, as a weapon to exact revenge this theme of family is prevalent throughout the film, with fathers pushing their failures upon their sons, which ultimately drives them to continue on their path. plot wise, the main focus of the film is on goku and vegeta fighting Broly. as only signs are capable of taking on other signs. the majority of the typical cast said this fight out. however, that doesn't mean that the film feels like it is lacking anything. well, you first see Goku and Vegeta. they are sparring, training themselves in order to be equipped enough in their skill set to take on other fighters in the Dragon Ball universe. Vegeta wants to become good enough to defend his family, no matter the cost. and again, this continues the parallels of families. they are then informed that six out of the seven dragonballs have been stolen by freezers soldiers. freezers forces join with para gas and Broly and form a solid unit. when Viki and Goku rush to stop freezer from obtaining the seventh Dragon Ball, they do eventually come face to face with bro Lee and his ilk. this causes an amazing fight that I'm sure will have many viewers in or out of curiosity freezer Kills para gasp, and this sends Brawley Super Saiyan. Goku and Vegeta are forced to fuse together to form go Gaeta. and this is the first time in the entire franchise that the characters have had to resort to this. and it also highlights that should the stakes demand this in future, the two characters can do it. in the end, the characters managed to defeat Broly, but decide to form a pact with him instead of killing him. goku makes a contract with Broly and finally accepts his sign heritage, a name, stating that he wants to be friends. overall, it's in awesome finale for the film that showcases that allies are stronger, and that we should not cast out those who could be won out of fear, the same fear which forces the fathers to make their children weapons. it's a really interesting take, and one of the most mature aspects that I've seen in any Dragon Ball related media. I had a blast with the film, and think that a lot of fans will too. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the film and what you took from its ending. make sure you comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this week's are the big release glass, which will be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are addicted to anime. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. not see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 