before I begin, let me start by saying, this is for all of y'all who said, I'm finally gonna watch the greatest spaghetti-western of all time, but about halfway through, you either asleep or dead. Ellen, dead. the styles of our movie today. ah, dirty Harriet, he was. he was a bad guy in the man who shot Liberty valance. that was a good movie. and out tobelo, you play pilgrim. our story begins with some guys going in to kill this guy, Tuco, aka the ugly. but it kills them and busts out with a bottle of liquor and a big chunk of rabbit. but that is rabbit, but I'm assuming definitely rabbit. but see, already, BAM. five minutes through, our story begins again with angel eyes, aka the bad coming in to kill this guy who he was paid to kill. but then the guy that he was paid to kill offers and money to kill the guy who paid to have him killed. but angel eyes is a simple man, and he just kills them both, but mostly because he wants to be the only man that knows the name of Bill Carson, who ran his software 200 G's a Confederate gold boom. there you go. 17 minutes and some change, a store begins again, with some dirty wanderer with excessively clean and shiny hair, aka the good, walking up on Tuco, who is surrounded by three men who are about to take his crime, committing sin, to claim a $2,000 reward. but bingo, bango, bongo, to ban his mind and ugly he are furnished that the good life. hey, blondie, you don't still like come back from the store? and now every minutes down some birds of mumbles, but like a biscuit. but just when you think to go about to bite the big taco, the good peek around the corner, and top and down, he saves his dumps, and they ride off into the sunset together. the end. no, I'm kidding, but they do split the money, because they stay little scheme, you see, on to the next town, where they pull the same stunt, where Tuco jumps on Blondie's house and they ride off into the sunset together and get married. day in no actually, blondie gets mad at Yuko and leaves them in desert because they no amount of money worth here in that mouth run all the damn time. and that's why I never get married. BAM, 30 minutes in. you know, Jeb is saving you time when he can take the time to tell you he's saving you time. but to Kobe like and he won't lose his drag. cross steps into a town, gets a sip of agua and the cymbals and steals a weapon that wouldn't actually work. so to coat Rex blondie down in this town, and tries to get him to hang himself. but a cane and ball knocks the wall down on two coats, and top can die again. Blondie's gone. meanwhile, angel can broken record eyes, run around, going to some hooker, then to some Confederate soldier like Bill Carson, where Bell counts. and Bill Carson, have you seen Bill Carson? and Tom can die again again, to go finds blondie again to smell that Garnier Fructis leaking shine. must be giving him away. and Tuco walks through the desert on a horse with no name with the man with no name. and guess who just so happened to be dying in the desert. tough dog in again again. Bill Carson, you one-eyed [ __ ] in tough you're now getting it again, again. Bill Carson just so happens to tell the one dying of dehydration at the hands of a salty mouth, a money-grubber, where the money is, thereby saving the dying ones life just before he dies. but hey, he didn't know. but what he did know was the name of the cemetery and the name on the grave where that gold is buried. unfortunately for blondie, he told to go the name of the cemetery. and unfortunately for Tuco, he told blinded the name on the grave. looks like y'all stuck with each other now, Bill, mind if we borrow your jobs things, huh? and Tuco says, we're friends. wisdom, money and blood, it says, Jane telling you, the skin might be fried, but my brain ain't. sometime in many aloe gel applications later, blondie rights with Tuco as they continue on their treasure hunt and get Dex's arrested by some Union soldiers because they pretended to be Confederates. it was at this point that they realized they've just done and Tom and I again, again and getting in again. Angel Eyes has maneuvered his sneakers right into the high ranks of the Union Army. and his first command as sergeant is to have the feed out of to Cosell Cup before they know about that. know where to go. you ain't know enough. you can go to the devil for all I care. come on in, blondie. but blondie, he's a smart man, smart enough to know that Tolkien won't save him. while blondie and angel eyes set off for the money to goes on the train, bound for nowhere. what Luke Owen has got it taking a piss out the train door to go. pushes and mouth bashes head on the rock, but can't get loose, so he breaks free from the handcuffs. and a very no respect for the dead kind of ways to go. you just got, you got run over by a train and escaped from the army. what are you gonna do next? I'm gonna go find blondie and to get money. whoa Beck over here? what? blondie has joined the Magnificent Seven. top and Augie and getting in and getting in again. two goes taking a bubble bath in the same in town. hey, guess who finds him? oh, that's right, clean Harry. oh, now I know. this is the Magnificent Seven. these brothers are dropping like flies. so far, so good. angel eyes, leave a note on the coast to say, ha ha, ha, ha, ha ha ha, ages. and if you dare to type that in the comments, get the house right? and more, this Civil War hub of where they meet this captain who talks for like seven [ __ ] minutes straight. bottom line, they have to defend the bridge. the captain hates the bridge because they all be sitting there defending it. and I know, babe. so blondie and to go decide, since they need to go that way anyway, and need to compare an army out there, Grylls, they exchanged the battle cemetery and grave name information and just blow the whole damn thing to help into captain dies in peace. and off they go again to find the resting place of one arch Stanton in the cemetery called sad Hill, where nobody is really sad or happy or anything but dead. after they get to the graveyard, to go, decides that since blondie finally told him where to find the bling, he's just don't raise him to it. and talking dog, in time, 7, a loaded cannon is right there for blondie to light. and send the cannon ball flying right here, as if to say to Co Q. and the whole she wrote, I'll phone, but to going give us, and you'll find that going on foot. and he run around the graves like, are staying where I stand? now stand. have you seen us standing? and it takes a blink of wood off the grave of the Unknown Soldier and stops gold-diggin. been bloody, throws a shovel at him, as if to say, you know, I just said, over there, chilling while you ran your saw, waiting for you to find this, um, so I can walk over here, easy. men. angel eyes shows up like, hot and you thought you was just chilling, waiting for other people to find and then blonde is like, ha, you thought the goal was really here. the sad part here is the only one here in capable of fooling anybody is to code. and blondie says, well, since we are greedy, I'm gonna write the real name on this rock, and then let's have a three-way. I mean, we're gonna pull our pieces out. I mean, I'm an alien. I mean, let's just roll. and they have a Mexican standoff. and do go look at blondie and bluntly look at angel eyes, and angel eyes look at blondie. and bloody look angel eyes. and to go like, why nobody looking at me? then suddenly, get your [ __ ] in that [ __ ] hole, I said. get your share in that [ __ ] hole. meanwhile, Tuco realizes he could have been and blondie says, I took the bullets out your gun last night because no agent like you needs bullets. ever heard of bounty five? plus, I needed them somebody to dig and to goes like, oh, my god. we found the gold. oh. but blondie look like he just can with him, and they look like he's not gonna with him. but he come back and he just go with them. or is it, yeah, yes. and chuckle, yeah, blondie, you're just a dirty son of a die. and be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular fix of meth. you can expect me to upload more videos after I watch this movie again. I love this movie, even without the titties. it's a man's movie. I feel more manly if I haven't watched it. now, I'm gonna go buy me a poncho, some cigarettes and a big attack. so mu is explained fall. I'm jammed. whoa, whoa, whoa. damn. no, actually, I'm just give me some Taco Bell and plate collar. Juarez pilgrim 