hey guys, welcome back to the channel. so you probably know that the conjuring movies are one of the biggest horror film franchises today, with another entry just released now. the first movie has a lot of well executed scary moments. however, there's always this lingering sense of unease. even when there's not a lot happening on screen. sometimes it's just the parent family walking around the house, or the warren's driving somewhere. yet you can always feel that something is slightly off. and there are actually a lot of sudden things going on which you might not even notice and are almost hidden, which secretly make the movie a lot creepier. so let's look at the horror that you don't see in the conjuring. just as a really quick reminder, in the movie, we follow the parent family as they move into a new house. and they slowly begin to feel that something is not quite right. are awful smells, it's always really cold, and all of the clocks stop at 307 am. every single night. a few days go by, and their fears are confirmed when they experience various demonic attacks. so they get help from two paranormal experts, the husband and wife team of eden lorraine warren, who do the best they can to get the parents life back to normal. and if you've seen the movie, you probably know that there are a few shots that just look a little bit odd. they make you uncomfortable. and it's hard to tell why. it's not like there's a ghost walking through the frame or anything. and i kept re-watching some of these parts over and over again because they always made me uneasy. the first one i looked at was the second time that the warrens drive to the house. so far they've determined that there's an evil spirit in this place that has latched itself onto the parent family. and now the warrens must gather evidence to authorize an exorcism on the house. and again, this shot just feels off in some way. so eventually i took some markers and started taping off the edges of the house. and even though they're driving towards it, as we can see by the trees moving by the edges, the house is actually getting smaller. this is called a dolly zoom. it's an effect you get by pushing the camera in and simultaneously zooming out, and vice versa. and there are great examples of this in jaws or lord of the rings, where they're really obvious. but here it's much slower. and this effect commonly evokes a feeling of uneasiness, since it looks like there is this stretching and shrinking of distances that should remain the same. it simply looks unnatural. once i noticed this small dolly zoom, i started seeing it again and again and again. one of, in my opinion, best uses of this is during the opening, when the parents are moving into the house they are. one of the five daughters finds a music box by a tree. after playing with it for a few seconds, she runs back to the house. then you can once again see this dolly zoom taking effect, even though the tree remains roughly the same size, the house grows much bigger. this weird feeling from the effect already tells us that something is wrong with the house, even though nothing has happened yet. there's an underlying feeling of suspense in what should be a very normal moment. now, these dolly zooms, they're really, really subtle. unlike in jaws or lord of the rings, you can barely see them, and i don't even think you're supposed to notice them. and that's a great idea because it kind of puts us in the shoes of the family. they can sense that something is off about this place. they don't quite know what it is, but they can all feel it's there. anyways, all of this subconsciously builds an uneasy tone without a single jump scare. and i like that these tricks are used very sparingly. they are safe for the moments where they really count. when people are in a conversation or revealing new information, the movement is very straightforward, allowing the performances to take center stage instead of off-putting visuals. but when there is a transition, like somebody just driving to a house, or the last few seconds in a scene that indicate that the moment is done, the motion is cleverly used to not waste any time and still convey meaningful information and parts that would otherwise be empty. but while the dolly zooms convey an eerie atmosphere, it's the scares that truly build the fear. and a lot of the earlier ones have an interesting execution and are very imaginative. but there's something unique that the jump scares do that makes them stand out from what you'd usually see, for example, during one of the first nights of the parent family is sleeping in their new home, the mother is lured into the basement where the demon traps her. she walks down the stairs, sees that nothing is there, and then decides that she wants to go back to bed. however, the door is slammed in her face and the lights turn off. she quickly lights a match and backs up towards the door while looking down in the cellar. then from behind her, two hands appear and clap. this is not just a random scary moment, but during the first scenes, we saw that the kids frequently play a game called hide and clap, where everyone hides in the house, and one blindfolded seeker needs to find out where they are by asking the others to clap. and when the mom plays a round with one of the kids, we see the demon joining in on the fun. give me the third clap. so when carolyn sees the hands clapping in the basement, it shows how evil the spirit really is. it taunts them, probably just for fun, by referencing their game. also, there's a cool switch, because we think that if anything's gonna happen, it's gonna come from downstairs, because that's where the mother is looking, and she's backed up towards the door. but then it comes from behind her instead, which is a big surprise. and james 1 is really good at making his jump scares unexpected. he carefully gets you to focus in on one thing and then makes this scary stuff come from somewhere else. we experienced something similar when two other kids find a witch on the wardrobe. this is the same closet we saw the hands coming out of and clapping, and at an earlier point we also saw one of the kids banging her head against the doors. we are being led to believe that something is wrong with it. this shows us that the scary moments aren't just events that happen in one single scene, like you would expect in any other horror film, but they're slowly built up throughout their story. that way they're a bit more meaningful. as soon as we see the wardrobe, we have this eerie feeling that something bad can happen any second. on top of that, there is, once again, some very clever misdirection going on, because we're constantly shown that there might be something inside the closet. this low angle also cleverly conceals the top so that it's completely out of her mind. this makes the scare jump out a lot more when it's revealed that she's on top. but all of those things wouldn't really matter if we don't feel immersed in the setting. and this leads into something else that you'll see in the conjuring that you won't see too often in horror films, or films in general. now, one thing that can easily break the tension during a scary scene is cutting away from the action and constantly changing angles. sure, this is necessary to some degree, and it doesn't make it bad. but the conjuring uses a lot of long takes, so we feel much more connected to the events. one of these shots comes when the mother hears some noises in the house and checks on all the kids. once she realizes they're all sleeping, she hears a loud crashing sound and sees that all the family pictures are being knocked over. she goes downstairs and hears subtle sounds coming from all the different rooms. and during this part, we're constantly locked onto her, and we don't cut away for a long time. the average length of each shot in modern movies is about two and a half seconds, but this moment goes on for more than 30. no matter where the mother goes, we're locked on her and can't escape this moment. we're trapped in this room with her. it makes it feel like the events are merely being documented, like we're following her around. another great use of the long takes, and probably my favorite one, is when the warrens enter the house and investigate the basement. during the scene, a police officer is recording the events, and we see the entire thing in the perspective of this old camera. this, once again, doesn't make it feel like a cinematic moment. it looks more like we're witnessing real archival footage. that, combined with the very few cuts, gives it this feeling that what's going on is really happening. also, during these long takes in the basement, the motions almost seem like they're completely improvised and unplanned, which makes it look more believable. however, looking past the long takes, there's perhaps even a simpler trick that's really off-putting, which does a great job of making us feel uncomfortable. let's take a look at one of the first times that the kids believe they can sense an evil spirit nearby. when we move up, instead of cutting to this shot, we do a full 180 degree rotation. this does two things, as we've already talked about. it makes the shot longer, which draws us into the scene. but more importantly, it gives us this feeling of uneasiness, a little bit of disorientation and discomfort, which helps us get into christine's shoes. rolls are really uncommon because they're extremely unnatural. maybe you guys see them more often, but it's pretty rare that i see one. usually, most of the movement is something we're comfortable with, up, down, left, right, just like we move our heads. but rolls feel really bizarre. and it's used at the perfect time. that's what's great about the conjuring. it doesn't cheat you or set up false expectations when there's a move that already makes you feel pretty weird. it's there for a reason and gets you the sense that something's off, much like how the characters can just feel it when things aren't right. we see something similar when caroline gets locked in the basement by the demon. here, it's not quite as extreme. and it happens after the scary moment, but we're still significantly tilted, which again underlines how off the events in the house are. perhaps the most intense use of this comes towards the end of the movie, when caroline becomes possessed. the warrens drive to the house and see her struggling in the cellar. they then realize that she's in need of an exorcism. but for that, ed needs his bible, which lorraine quickly gets from the car. when she walks outside, the camera is rotated so much that things are literally upside down. lorraine comes out of the basement where some really twisted things are about to happen. there we are flipped. but when she walks out of it and out of the house towards safety, we're upright. when she comes back and goes downstairs, we flip over once again, to really drive it home that the events that are about to happen in the cellar are not right. but let's get to the easiest method used to creep you out before anything deliberately scary even happens. this is something that's actually a little bit more normal, i guess you would say. i mean, dolly zooms are supposed to make you uncomfortable, and rolls are almost completely avoided because of their disorienting effect. but there's a technique that's really common that still unsettles you because of the way it's used. so i remember when i first watched the conjuring that some moments, even though there were no tricks, still look kind of strange. like there is this moment when all but one of the kids go off to school, and the mother is home alone with her youngest child. cindy, you have your lunch. it looks very unusual. and this time it's because of a really long zoom. now when you want to get in closer to the action, you basically have two options, you can push in or zoom in. pushing in feels very natural, since it just feels like we're slowly being put closer to whatever's happening. but zooming in feels a little bit different, since everything is magnified. whereas during a push-in, the background looks more or less the same, with only the foreground getting bigger. but normally, these zooms would be much more subtle. and this, to me, is even stranger than the dolly zooms, because that effect is really well documented. yet zooms should seem very standard, but it's how they're used that make them seem weird. they're always a little faster and going slightly tighter than you would expect. again, this fits well because these unnatural zooms are usually followed by something that's significant and creepy. like one of the first times we get this, it's followed by the youngest daughter finding the mysterious music box. and this is an important part of the story. come on, april, mom wants us inside. look what i found, cindy. so the eerie, long zooms complement the plot nicely and underline the strange nature of the events. and they might just be used because it's easier and less time consuming to zoom in instead of pushing in, but that wouldn't really explain why they're so long. probably my favorite use of this, and the last example i'll give, is the first shot of the parent family arriving at the house. we again get this long zoom that lasts almost 20 seconds and goes in really tight. here it's a little bit harder to tell, since the camera starts off being pushed and then begins to zoom the overly long zooms, once again, lets us know that something about what's going on is not right, even though it's just a family moving into a house. but there's something else that i think specifically makes this opening shot a lot scarier. because i think, and this is just my interpretation, but i think that this is supposed to be the point of view of the demon. the movie uses quite a few point of view shots that look pretty much exactly like this, but they're always reserved for when we're seeing what one of the characters is looking at. one example of this is when the mother walks down a hallway and notices her child talking to someone who isn't there. it's a great use of changing their perspective since we get exactly what the character sees. and especially during a mysterious or tense moment, we get the information of what's happening just as the person we're following is so something scary were to jump out at one of our protagonists, it jumps at us as well. now these two moments, the opening shot of the family moving in and the mother walking down the hall they feel identical, making me think that the opening shot is supposed to feel like the ghost slowly walking up to the window and then focusing in on the new victims moving into the house. now regardless if that's true or not, these carefully chosen point of view shots really help make certain moments even scarier. towards the beginning, for example, we're following roger as he's walking around the house late at night. as one of the doors suddenly opens by itself, he slowly walks towards it to see what's going on. during this scene, we switch to the point of view shot that no longer makes it feel like we're watching what's happening, but instead we're a part of it. so these are some of the hidden techniques in the conjuring that are used to make it more suspenseful. dolly zooms for uneasiness, zooms for the anticipation of something strange. point of view shots for suspense and sympathy. long takes for immersion, and rotation for disorientation. it's this break away from standard shots that constantly gives the story a fresh feeling, even though we're in the same location, since we always get a new perspective on the same rooms. thank you so much for watching. i hope you enjoyed it and that i get to see you guys in the next video. bye, guys. 