[Music]. love death and robots. the witness is arguably one of the best looking animations in the series. the stylistic and seedy thriller is fast paced and bill to the brim with hidden meanings and metaphors that deserve a lot of attention. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the short and its ending, as well as what we can take from it. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen the episode yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, thanks for clicking this video. I'm your host, definition and welcome to the channel where I explain it so you don't have to. on the surface, the episode follows our protagonist, simply named the woman, as she witnesses a murder in an apartment building across from where she lives. the victim shares a lot of similarities with her, and it seems like the killer, referred to simply as the man, not only has an mo but that he has a new target. when he looks over and sees that the woman has spotted his crime. this begins a chase that lasts the entire episode and follows the woman as she attempts to flee her job and beyond, whilst the killer is in hot pursuit, the woman doesn't really attempt to alert the authorities, beyond an unhelpful phone call in which he's unable to give specifics too. and she carries out her day as normal, even returning to her job as a sex worker. the killer pursues her and even enters to the depraved sex club where she works. and after the woman notices him, the chase continues. the woman manages to grab a gun from her boss's den, and this plays into the end. eventually, the killer catches up with the woman and tries to explain the circumstances, but when she pulls a gun at the - fired out, with the woman getting the upper hand and managing to turn the tables on the man, murdering him in the process. it's at this point that she looks out the window and realizes that there is a witness to a crime who is none other than the man. and the pursuit begins again, with the now taking his place as the murderer. so what exactly can we take from this? well, it's pretty clear from the after this entire game of cat and mouse is one big loop with the two alternating places. when the episode first opened, we actually witnessed the woman has the killer, with the man merely murdering her in self-defense. thus she once again will become the killer, and the loop will likely last until the end of eternity. but how is this possible? well, there's a few clues in the episode that point towards the characters both being trapped in either purgatory or hell. a demon like jester is at the entrance of the woman's job. her boss is named Vladimir, which could perhaps be a reference to Vlad the Impaler. and though the club may be exciting on the surface, it's clear that the workers about their humanity stripped away from them. even the man, who at some point seems to be enjoying it, realizes that this isn't right for him, and ends up fleeing to continue the chase. if it had been everything that he'd hoped for, he would have likely stayed. this is a nightmare situation for the two, with both unable to communicate with one another and living in a constant state of fear. but there is a key moment in the episode that showcases what could have led to them. and being in this situation that happens when the woman attempts to make a phone call to the police, but ends up watching it and not really giving any helpful information. this, combined with the title of the witness, leads me to believe that both the characters, at one point in their lives who were witnesses to a murder, and neither came forward, and thus the killer was never caught. due to this, both Adam to spend eternity watching a murder play out, and then becoming a killer themself in order to stop someone being able to identify them. it definitely adds a very sinister side of the work, and I think this helps to elevate it above the majority of the other episodes. obviously, this is a slight fan theory, so if you agree or disagree with me, then make sure you leave your thoughts in the comments below. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of the other love, death and robots episode, Zima blue, which would be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 