In a busy restaurant, a girl in a hoodie enters to order a burger and a drink. The cashier looks at her surprisedly. The staff even shock seeing the girl\xe2\x80\x99s disable hand when she makes the payment. As she goes inside, everybody stares at her. The girl keeps covering her face when a boy asks his mother if something terrible happens to her. The girl suddenly flips the table and shouts at people, saying that she\xe2\x80\x99s had enough. She runs out of the restaurant and can\xe2\x80\x99t stop crying. What makes people scared of the girl? This is Movie Shortens. Follow us to the movie titled: The Final. Be aware: there are spoilers! Sometimes earlier in high school, Bradley checks on his locker for a Halloween costume party flyer next week. He then comes to the class and bullies a boy named Ravi. When the teacher asks him to leave Ravi alone, Bernard changes the seat for Bradley and Ravi again gets hit in the face. After class, the three hotties: Heather, Bridget, and Kelly walk straight to Emily, a Goth girl, and try to mean to the girl, making her cry and feel ashamed. Meanwhile, two nerd boys, Dane and Jack, are setting up some bear traps in a farm. A man named Parker comes over and offers to fix the traps. Dane reluctantly refuses, saying he can figure it out by himself. At the school lunch, the outcast students including Ravi, Emily, Dane, Jack, Andy and the Triplets are discussing a plan for the upcoming party. They look at the popular boys and gals, and think they have prepared a perfect horror night for their friends. Suddenly, a milk box is thrown at Ravi\xe2\x80\x99s table. The boy calmly brings the milk back to the bullied kids, who are laughing at their good prank. They even smear Ravi for fun, knowing the boy would never react. The bully kids are: Bradly, Tommy, Bernard and the hotties girls. Kurtis, a friend of the two groups, comes and shares about his very first commercial TV gig. He invites the outcasts to his shooting on Friday. When Kurtis leaves, Dane tells the team to make sure Kurtis doesn't make the party. Ravi says Kurtis is not one of the bullies and he\xe2\x80\x99s a good friend. At home, while Emily writes her journal, her mother opens the door and asks about the packed boxes around her room. The mother also shares a concern as Emily seems quiet recently. The girl just assures her mother that she\xe2\x80\x99s doing alright. Meanwhile, Dane looks at himself in the mirror and points an empty gun at his head. He comforts himself not to be afraid anymore when the \xe2\x80\x9cfinal '' comes while there are noises of fighting from his parents downstairs. At Ravi\xe2\x80\x99s home, no one talks or even looks at each other during the meal. Jack also has a cold father, who doesn't even look at him when Jack talks to him at the garage. At the video shooting, Tommy and Bradley attack Dane and Ravi in the toilet. Bradley tells Dane the reason they enjoy confronting him is that he\xe2\x80\x99s a coward and none of the outcasts can stop this. Tommy then breaks Ravi\xe2\x80\x99s camera for no reason. Dane assures Ravi that the two of them will get rid of them soon. Later at the canteen, Kurtis fights with Bradley for his torment to Ravi earlier, telling him to leave the boy alone. The Halloween party is held by the outcast students. It would be a costume party at Dane\xe2\x80\x99s farmhouse and they invite all the bullies on purpose. Jack and Dane predict the party would be so well prepared that the bullies will never forget. The two then check on the weapons for the decorations of the Halloween theme. Later, the outcast kids gather together at the bonfire and talk about their sufferings. Jack claims that children are pawns in a sick game created by adults. Ravi thinks his worst fear is complete silence in his house while Dane believes his parents\xe2\x80\x99 fights are nightmares. The group will turn the Halloween party tonight into a night in which they are doing God\xe2\x80\x99s work. They\xe2\x80\x99ll bring justice to the world. When it is time for the party, the friends get together at the front yard in their fabulous costumes. Inside, the host kids share the group prayers before calling off their final plan. On the way, Bradley and his friends share their excitement with marijuana and bad jokes. The cop then forces them to pull over for driving overspeed. Smelling pot-smoking in the car, the officer then asks the boys to give up all the marijuana they have. The trio finally can flee to the party with some of the weeds they hid in advance. Inside the farmhouse, the party goes crazy with loud music, smokes and drinks. All the kids enjoy their fun moments in colorful costumes. Only the outcast kids wear the masks in the party and blend in with the friends. They soon realize Kurtis makes the party although he wasn\xe2\x80\x99t invited. Ravi wants to alert Kurtis and sends him home, but Dane stops him, saying the rule is nobody leaves after the party. Emily secretly pours in a liquid to the bowl. All the kids are invited to drink from it. Few moments later, those who drink from the bowl pass out, Kurtis is not an exception. The hosts now take the weapons and stand around the unconscious friends. After a little while, a high-pitch noise wakes the kids up. They find themselves chained together, still confused at what is going on. The five outcasts are on the stage, giving speeches with a prepared voice from the radio. Dane tells the tied up friends that the group has one good news and one bad news for them. The good news is no one would get killed. And the bad news is they\xe2\x80\x99ll live a life worse than being killed after the party. They want revenge for the years of torment and want to torture their worst enemies. A friend named Miles still thinks it is a lame performance and smears the five. He then gets shot by a castle gun on the face and in the leg. Miles cries out in pain. Tommy is allowed to leave the party. He tells his girlfriend that he\xe2\x80\x99ll call for help. The outcasts reveal to his girlfriend that Tommy slept with Heather. As Tommy runs away, the Triplets, also the outcasts supporters, chase after to scare him off. The boy then falls into the bear trap that Dane set up before. The Triplets bring wounded Tommy back to the party where he and Miles share the same room. Bradley becomes scared, accusing the five for their cruelty. The five then laugh at his concerns because after all the years, Bradley is always the worst bully. Jack starts to play some music by his favorite instrument. Bernard dares the five to touch him and earns himself a stab on his shoulder. Ravi is the one who acts it out. Bernard is then forced to drink a mysterious drug that prevents his mouth from talking or even moving. Ravi drops a key on purpose as he passes by Kurtis. Next, Emily tortures Bernard with some long needles piercing all over his chest. Later, he also joins other injured boys in the same room. While the group is scaring the bullies with an ax, Kurtis suddenly escapes. Dane opens fire at him but fails as Ravi storms in to stop Dane. Ravi gets killed instantly for being a betrayal. The remaining outcasts are shocked at Dane\xe2\x80\x99s cruelty. Meanwhile, Kurtis makes it to the cop\xe2\x80\x99s car, who is enjoying the weeds confiscated from the kids earlier. As the cop tries to understand what Kurtis means, he gets shot from one of the Triplets. Kurtis then takes the gun from the cop and runs away as the Triplets are arriving on their ATV\xe2\x80\x99s. Back to the party, Heather is the next victim. She is tied up on a chair while Emily covers her face with a white paste. The compound gives Heather a slight tingle first, then a mild burn. Slowly, her face is destroyed as she touches it. Just then, Bradley starts to mouth off. He wants the outcasts to take off the masks. As requested, Dane reveals himself. Elsewhere, Kurtis runs to Parker\xe2\x80\x99s house. Seeing a boy with a gun, the man fends himself with another gun pointing at him. Kurtis is asked to turn around and raise his hands. Parker knocks the boy out for the family\xe2\x80\x99s safety first. In his house, Kurtis has a chance to explain to Parker about the deadly party while being bound on a chair. Parker decides to investigate alone, leaving Kurtis behind. As he enters Dane\xe2\x80\x99s family farm, Parker is caught in a trap and severely injured. One of the Triplets arrives and ends up being killed by Parker. Later, Kurtis manages to get away from the house and rejoins Parker on the way. He tells Kurtis that he has killed two boys from the Triplets. The boy also informs that he already called the police and they\xe2\x80\x99re on the way to stop the reckless kids. Back at the house, the outcasts take turns to show their faces. Bridget tries to apologize to Emily for what they have done in the past. Emily then hands her a pincer, requiring Bridget either cut Bradley\xe2\x80\x99s fingers or she\xe2\x80\x99ll lose two fingers instead. Bridget eventually is cut off two fingers by Bradley. When it comes to Bridget\xe2\x80\x99s turn, she still can\xe2\x80\x99t cut off Bradley\xe2\x80\x99s fingers. Emily then puts on the same white paste on her face, leaving her face flesh burning in acid. Bradley now gets chained on a chair. Dane then stabs Bradley's in the spinal cord, attempting to paralyze him from the neck down. The group then torture a boy named Riggs by cutting off his tongue. Suddenly, Kurtis appears with the gun pointing at Dane, saving Riggs\xe2\x80\x99 life. However, Kurtis gets instantly shot in the arm right after that. Dane decides to finish Kurtis with another shot, only to get killed by Emily. She has enough with Dane\xe2\x80\x99s craziness after Ravi\xe2\x80\x99s death. Just then, Jack shoots Emily in the head as her last will. The police storm in and order Jack to put the gun down. The boy tells the cops that there are more like him outside and they only want justice before Jack kills himself too. The next day, a news reporter mentions that students were kidnapped and tortured "without reason". Kelly, the only stay unharmed but traumatized by the party, swallows lots of pills in the toilet. Kurtis exchanges eye contact with the remaining Triplet. And it turns out Bridget is the disfigured girl from the beginning of the film. Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to turn on your notification. That really helps my channel. Thanks for watching! 