[Music]. welcome to the show i'm not allowed to talk about. i'm your host, definition durden. and this video are breaking down all the best easter eggs, hidden details and things you missed in fight club. released in 1999, the anti-corporate mind-bending movie was massively ahead of its time. and though its style, twist and ending have often been mimicked, they've never been duplicated. it's very fourth wall breaking. and this even goes beyond the film itself. as when you put in the blu-ray, it doesn't have a title, hinting to one of the big rules in the movie. when you start it up, you'll be taken to what appears to be the menu screen for drew barrymore's never been kissed. and when i first put the disc in, i genuinely thought i'd been given the wrong film. it completely caught me off guard, to the point i took out the dvd to make sure i'd put in the right one. and yeah, i must admit, fincher, that he completely got me. like many of you out there, i eventually realized what i get it. it's very clever. but this idea of tearing down a commodity and commercial image, of course, ties into the message of the film itself. the film actually starts with a disclaimer that appears on screen for a split second. and these are, of course, common on dvds and blu-rays. most of the time people don't bother to read them. however, if you pause it and check out what it says, you'll see that it's actually a message from tyler telling you that, just by reading this, you're wasting your life. he pretty much berates you for doing everything that you're told to and that actually reminds me you should, like, comment and subscribe to this video. and from here we go to the title sequence, and can hear classical music, [Music], which is then cut to play the heavy theme tune of the actual movie. this is showing us that the foundations of what we expect in a film are going to be pushed to the side for this more contemporary piece. we then jump to the narrator who doesn't even really have a name. take that protagonist. and this is very much to give us the idea that he isn't really a person, and that the persona he develops slowly starts to become the main one. the opening line of the film is the character saying, people are always asking me if i know tyler didn't this is a little meta joke, as we learn that the pair are indeed one in the same. however, this reveal is only brought about at the end of the movie. now, before his appearance on the aeroplane, tyler actually appears on screen at several points for a split second. these are all blink and you'll miss it moments that work very much in the same way that the character describes inserting hidden frames into films. and slowly it sets up the notion that tyler is infecting the narrator's mind before he fully materializes for the clips on screen. now we've slowed down the footage so that you can see every time he pops up, but in the movie itself, it's almost impossible to catch unless you're looking for it. watching it in the cinema where you can't rewind stuff, i can imagine that many people didn't even see him. and thus tyler is subliminally inserting himself into the audience's mind, much in the same way that he does the narrators. similar to this is the idea of corporations now being part of every aspect of society. and this is slotted into the movie through the use of starbucks cups. throughout the film. these pop up at several major points. and though initially just thought to be some set dressing, the sheer amount of them goes far beyond that. fight club very much carries the idea that we must rebel against the system. and like the matrix, this corporate ideology surrounds our characters at several points, even if we and they are unaware of it. in the film, we learn that the first two rules of fight club are that you do not talk about fight club. these two rules are exactly the same, much like how our two main characters are. in fact, the rules of fight club are very clever as they get people used to breaking the rules. early on, if the rule about not talking about fight club was actually upheld, then the club would not gain any more members. however, we see throughout the film that it grows exponentially. thus we can take it that everyone is talking about it, and in doing so, they're becoming comfortable with breaking the rules. now, one rule that also gets broken, that we know for definite, is that meatloaf wears a shirt. we are told that you're not allowed to. but he actually had to don one to cover up the fact that he was wearing a fat suit. the narrator starts to go to support groups, and when looking through a list of them, there's one that says, are you schizophrenic? little clue. towards the end, cut to the narrator meeting tyler for the first time. and just before it, the character has a dream that he's on an airplane as it's about to crash. this idea of his death happening before he starts what's a new chapter of his life is, of course, a clever way to introduce tyler. and we are also given a hint that the pair are one and the same when the narrator remarks that they have the same briefcase, the narrator's apartment is blown up by tyler, who, prior to this scene, did reveal that he knew how to build explosives, though it is thought by then alright. and that the pilot light on the stove went out in respect, we know that tyler was behind it. and the clues do start to fit into place after the police discuss what happened later in the film. the narrator also says to the investigating officer that the condo was his life. thus it being destroyed shows a complete change in his in the introduction to it, we see how the narrator very much sees his identity being in the things that he owns. and therefore, this location being torn down makes him carve out a new one. we can see amongst the rubble that he also has a yin and yang table, showcasing the duality between the two characters that we follow. it's not too long before he goes and calls tyler as he needs a place to stay. he, however, hangs up the phone, and tyler calls back. but if we look closely on the set, we can see that it doesn't actually receive incoming calls, hinting to us as to what's really going on here. there's also several clues that tyler isn't a real person. and during the second fight, we can see that the crowd only ever look at the narrator rather than tyler. the character also lives on paper street, which is typically defined as a street or location that appears on a map, but one that doesn't actually exist in reality. tyler's business card is also the paper street company. and the logo of it has two identical figures staring at one another, hinting towards the dual personas the pair start fight club, and one of the more interesting members of the group is jared leto, who plays angel face. during a monologue, tyler says that they were all promised to be rock stars. and he actually looks at jared, who at the time was headlining with 30 seconds to mars, which is a little bit of irony there. now we also see at one point that a fight is started with a priest when a man sprays a hose at him. this priest later pops up in the film as part of fight club, showing that the ideologies are starting to be embraced by all aspects of society. when the pair get on the bus, there's only one ticket bought, hammering harm the idea that they are only one person. there's also a bystander that walks past tyler, but bumps into the narrator, hinting at the former not really being there. they actually see an advert for calvin klein underwear. and tyler remarks throughout the film that in wearing underwear in general, that someone is fitting in with the system. throughout the film, when he shirtless, you can actually see that he's going commando, tying in with his easter egg in a nice little way. anyway, back to the clues, and when holding a gun to the back of the shopkeeper's head, he also only answers questions when the narrator tells him to answer. tyler, this is because he is the only one in this scenario. and therefore, raymond, as we learn he is called, only sees that as being one person. during the car crash scene, we can see that tyler is the one driving the car, and yet, when we cut to the wreckage, he actually gets out the passenger side and pulls the narrator out of the driver's one. tyler also appears in the hotel welcome video, which further hints to him not being someone that actually exists in the narrator's life. when tyler gets punched, the narita actually winces alongside him, showing how the two are affected at the same time. as he gets the chemical burn, tyler's face also starts to sweat along with the narrators. and there are tons of clues towards this lace throughout the movie. not too long before we meet marla and helena bonacota actually told her makeup artist to apply her makeup with her left hand because she didn't want it to seem like carl and knew how to properly put it on, or even cared about her appearance. carla very much represents a strong and independent woman, and the narrator is very much angered by her invading a space that he thinks should belong to men. and thus he invents a toxic persona to handle being emasculated. marla's phone number is also five, five, five, zero, one, three, four, which just so happens to be teddy's in the movie memento. during the sex scene between her and tyler, she asks who he is talking to when he answers the door. and i'm telling you, yeah, the narrator, there are, they're all there now, the narrator refers to himself and tyler as us tomorrow. and she asks what he means by that, showing that she's only aware of one person. when on the phone to the officer investigating the apartment explosion, tyler ramallah stopped having sex, likely because the narrator was actually on the phone at this point, so he couldn't be doing both. now, one of the big questions over the movie is how marla gets taken to the tower at the end of the film. but when she gets on the bus, we can see that the driver has a black eye, showing that he was a member of project mayhem. at the end of the movie, the narrator says to tyler, i want you to really listen to me, just before he shoots himself. tyler suddenly pricks up as he says this. and this is because earlier in the film, the narrator says, damala, when people think you're dying, they really start to listen to you. the narrator truly believed that he was going to die at this point, and this is the reason that i think he manages to kill tyler, even though he only shoots himself in the cheek. throughout the movie, we watched as a person started to deconstruct their own existence, and thus they created another person in order to fill the void. therefore, the narrator trying to end his own life means that he ends the need for tyler. and it does sort of make sense when you really start to think about it. the movie itself tackles the idea of old masculinity, such as savage men that want to fight one another, rebelling against the more sensitive person that they've been told to be. this is shown through bob, who has breasts, and the hugging scene, which is a big moment for the narrator. tyler is very much about coming in and shaking this idea up, but we very much see how this leads to nothing but destruction and loss. tyler is very much about embracing one's male primal side. but whether this is the right path to take or not depends on your perception of society and the world around us. whilst tyler wants people to break free of the trappings of society, he also ends up creating project mayhem, a group of men with no individual identity that follow orders without question. we learn that the punishment for exposing this is castration. and this actually has a lot of depth to it. this makes it seem like tyler wants men who don't fall in line to be reduced to less than that. but the fact that narrator ascends beyond this and decides to reject these ideas by killing tyler, shows that he no longer embraces these toxic ideologies and has gone on to become a better man. it's a really complex film, and one that still feels relevant after 22 years making. it, in my opinion, one of the best movies ever made. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the movie, and if there's any cool easter eggs that we missed, then make sure you comment below and let me know if you enjoyed the video. i'd really appreciate it if you hit the thumbs up button. and also, don't forget to subscribe for breakdowns like this each and every day. thanks so much for checking out the video. and if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the dark knight, which will be linked on screen right now. we go over all the best easter eggs in the film. and it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. by the way, i've been the narrator. you've been the best. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 