hi michael here. today i'll show you an action-adventure, sci-fi film called jupiter ascending. spoiler alert, you'll understand the important plot points. the movie begins with jupiter talking about her parents. her father was maximilian. he met and fell in love with a woman named alexa while in russia. they observed the stars together through his telescope. later on, the two are expecting their child, which maximilian intends to name jupiter. alexa doesn't like the name. the robbers break into the couple's home, and maximilian gets shot. he passes away in alexa's arms. alexa gives birth to jupiter later, while she and her family are on their journey to america. in the present, jupiter works as a janitor, living in chicago with her roommate, catherine. jupiter hates her job in life, yet she is not very ambitious or eager to do anything else about it. three intergalactic bounty hunters, falk razzo and ibis, are exploring jupiter's apartment when they spot a man named kane near the area. they notice that he is after jupiter as well, and they go after him. when kane realizes he is being followed. he emerges from the building with his hover boots, protecting himself with his shield and firing back at the bounty hunters. as they attack him, he flees the scene unharmed. jupiter has dinner with her family and requests money from her uncle vasily. he refuses to give her money and makes a snide remark about jupiter being too educated for her own good, which she claims is why she can't find a spouse, despite the fact that the rest of the family appears to agree with vasily. alexa defends her daughter passionately. jupiter later looks at a telescope on ebay. her cousin, vladi, walks in and suggests that she go to the fertility clinic and donate her eggs for some money. jupiter agrees. in space, the abersack siblings learn of jupiter's existence. their mother has died, and they are now attempting to claim the earth as their own. balm awakens from a slumber after going through a successful planetary harvest. his brother titus, is cavorting with other women in his lavish castle, while his aid, fabulous, informs him that kane, who has been sent by titus, has found jupiter. khaliq abrasax also has concerns over the inheritance of the earth. at the apartment, catherine is getting ready to go out, keepers, a gang of alien entities emerge in catherine's apartment and incapacitate her. they lunge at jupiter as she takes a picture of them with her phone. catherine awakens up a few moments later, and neither she nor jupiter seem to understand what just happened. jupiter visits the clinic under catherine's name, which balum is informed of. he orders his troops to track out jupiter and assassinate her. the doctors put her on the bed and then levitate her. they probe her and know jupiter's identity, and they attempt to kill her. kane bursts in and kills the doctors as they reveal their keeper form. he gets jupiter out of there. jupiter finds herself atop the willis tower. kane explains to her that he is a genetically engineered being made up of a splice between a human and a wolf. jupiter asks why she was almost just killed, and kane tells her that she is the rightful owner of the planet. he claims that human life began not on earth, but on another planet called uru. jupiter also has no memory of the keepers finding her and her taking a picture of them, which kane explains as them erasing her memory. they are beamed up by a spaceship hovering over them. when the bounty hunters show up and destroy the ship. kane carries jupiter as they fly over the city with his hover boots. as the bounty hunters chase after them, jupiter falls in the attack, but kane catches her before she hits the ground. kane hijacks a small ship and escapes with jupiter. kane and jupiter drive away from the city, where kane continues to explain the abersax family history. they have been splicing humans with other animals for ages, and are responsible for events such as the extinction of the dinosaurs. the two drive up to the home of kane's former comrade, stinger, who is spliced with a bee. stinger lives with his sick daughter. he and kane were once skyjackers, but were let go following an incident, and now stinger resents kane. the two fight for a bit when a swarm of bees appears. the bee surround jupiter, but they never sting her. she moves her arms around them and they fly around her. stinger realizes who she is and starts to refer to jupiter as your majesty. kane tries to contact space cops. the aegis to help them. the bounty hunters and a few keepers come up across stinger's home. they chase after kane and jupiter through the field outside his home, fall corners jupiter and nearly kills her, but razo shoots him in the back and kills him first. they capture jupiter and ascend on their ship. kane manages to latch onto the ship as it leaves earth. razzo and ibis bring jupiter to the home of colleek. she is friendly toward jupiter and tells her that she is something of a genetic incarnation of colleek's mother. she shows jupiter a statue of her mother that looks exactly like jupiter. colleek says she is 14 000 years old, and her mother was 90 000 when she was murdered. colleek walks into a bath and sheds her older image to a more youthful appearance. stinger then shows up with the aegis led by commander diamica. they order khaliq to hand jupiter over to them. in order for jupiter to properly stake her claim on earth, she is forced to go to a room and go through a process for registration. she goes through several windows with an android lawyer until she is printed with a tattoo on her wrist and officially allowed to claim ownership of earth. in the meantime, jupiter attempts to sort of flirt with kane. he thinks he isn't good for her and compares himself to a dog, even though jupiter claims to love dogs. titus and his people take in jupiter and apprehend kane as stinger, hands them over to him in exchange for currency to help his ailing daughter. titus and jupiter have dinner together. he deduces that jupiter has fallen in love with kane, yet he still proposes to her. afterwards, he shows jupiter a room filled with thousands of vials that contain youth serums made from harvesting hundreds of dead humans. jupiter is horrified by this realization. kane is imprisoned and placed in a chamber by titus and his people he plans to kill jupiter after marrying her, so that he can get his claim to earth. kane is expelled into space with his hands cuffed behind him. he uses his hover boots to burn the cuffs off and grab a floating pack that contains a spacesuit that automatically forms itself around kane's body and saves him from suffocation. he only has 40 minutes of oxygen, but the aegis emerged from hyperspace and rescue the waiting is about to take place. titus has his ring printed on his finger during the ceremony. jupiter nearly has hers printed on when cain comes crashing in on a ship into the cathedral. he comes up to the platform where jupiter and titus are and tells jupiter that titus plans to kill her. they hold titus at gunpoint, but jupiter only wants to go home. meanwhile, fallon is told that jupiter is still alive. his lizard rat hybrid henchman, sargon, is sent to earth with his team of lizard rat men to break into the home of jupiter's family and capture them. jupiter goes home and realizes this, forcing her to return to space and save her family. jupiter arrives at a mining facility on the planet where balum resides. the aegis are close behind her, but are unable to enter because the planet is protected by a shield. jupiter is brought before balum, who shows her the family and the floor beneath them as they are floating and sleeping in stasis. while the henchmen get ready to splice into them. using a special contract, balum orders jupiter to sign over her rights to rule over earth if she wants her family to live. realizing that either way, she and her family would die, since balum would harvest them on earth, she refuses and smashes the contract king, with the help of stinger, breaches the planet's shield. commander dyamica tells him his mission could get him killed, but she adds that he is tremendously courageous. kane breaks into balum's facility and kills the lizard rat people to save jupiter's family. he pulls jupiter out with a device that opens a hole beneath her to get her away from balum. outside, the facility starts to destabilize and collapse. kane fights sargon, while balum tries to kill jupiter himself. kane killed sargon by pushing him into the hole he made and removing the device to close the hole around sargon's neck, crushing it. jupiter's family is escorted to safety, while jupiter fights back against balum. balum believes jupiter is his mother reincarnated, and he admits that he murdered his mother, claiming that she told him she hated her life and wanted him to kill her. jupiter shoots balaam once in the leg and whacks him across the face with a bar. the platform beneath him breaks slightly. balum is unable to hold on, and he plummets to his death. jupiter falls, but is rescued by kane. with the help of the aegis, everyone is able to escape the crumbling facility and get out safely. jupiter and her family are returned to their home. their memories of their capture and interactions with the nasty lizard rat people obliterated. jupiter is still working and has prepared breakfast and coffee for her family. they take her by surprise by bringing out the telescope she requested. she then informs her family that she is going out on a date. they all interrogate her, asking things like, is he russian? jupiter joins kane on the roof of another building. he has his wings restored to his back after his heroic deeds, and she has her own pair of hover boots. jupiter resolves not to tell her family that she basically owns earth. this is michael movie recap channel. see you in the next video. bye. 