[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, and the sun will shine on us again, brother. as loki is less than one month away, the trailer for the new disney plus show is packed with easter eggs and alternate versions of the god of mischief, including one that's pulling heavily from the comic book vault loki. when preparing for a show, i often go through a ton of graphic novels to make sure i don't miss any references. but i've never made a video before, a series discussing the stories themselves. i realized that there's probably a lot of people out there who want to know the full stories of the comics before they check out the show. so if you're one of them, then fret not. your savior is here. throughout this video, we'll be breaking down the full plot of vote loki so you can get up to speed with the show. if you feel the righteousness surging within, then please click the thumbs up button and make sure you subscribe to the channel, otherwise you'll never be a god without the way. thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into vote loki. okay, so if you're one of those people who's like, keep politics out my comics, then chances are you probably aren't gonna like vote loki. the graphic novel released in 2016, heavily satirizes the us. presidential election of the same year. but rather than choosing between left and right, it very much puts across the message that both sides are as bad as each other. now, politicians on the whole have a reputation for lying, and loki runs his entire campaign on the basis that he will lie, but unlike the republicans and democrats, he'll do it to your face. even his campaign slogan is believe, with the lie part of that capitalized to highlight the word lie. the book really encapsulates spin campaign running and how the media can be twisted and changed to fit certain agendas. we primarily see most of the story play out through the eyes of a woman named nissa, who, as a child, had her entire life changed by a certain battle in new york. after loki threw the avengers into her housing block, it was completely destroyed, and she became homeless for some time. tony stark agreed to pay for the damages so that the people had a place to live. and he donated funds to the city. however, the corrupt governor at the time ended up using half the money for his election campaign, and the other half he put into his own construction projects. nissa ended up becoming a journalist for the daily bugle, and the character exposed this corruption. because of her reporting abilities, she was picked to cover the 2016 presidential election. and things really kick off when she goes to one of the debates. here she meets a buzzfeed reporter named lucas. and nisa notices that there are slightly different name badges on certain members of the press. they turn out to be hydra agents, and they launch an attack. but lucas reveals himself to be loki, and he saves the day. he's asked by the reporters there who he would vote for, and he says neither, as both are liars. now the two candidates are clearly based on trump and hillary, who were running at the time. and loki very much states that people will vote for whichever lie they believe. he announces that he'll run for president at this point, and that he will lie to people's faces, and they will love it. this openness wins the public around, and it's not too long before his election campaign starts to pick up speed. now in the work, they poke some fun at the whole obama birth certificate conspiracy theory, and j jonah jameson says that loki can't run because he's not american. this is where the spin starts. and loki states that because his life is born from myth and legends, that there have been several different versions and tellings of his origins over the centuries, he says that the one we are currently dealing with is actually american, and that he should be allowed to run. loki goes to nissa, who's covering his campaign, and he tries to convince her that he's changed. she ends up visiting his headquarters where he literally changes into lady loki. and this is important, as she's likely gonna be in the show. now we don't know this for definite, but i believe that the person who everyone thinks is black widow is actually her, judging by behind the scenes looks. we know there will be multiple versions of the character in the show, so the inclusion in that could be another nod to this work. though she has popped up in other things too. nissa really doesn't gel well with loki, and she writes a scathing article about him with the headline, loki will burn washington. however, this becomes literal fake news when the headline is changed to, loki's campaign, something to get excited about. now, whether loki is behind us or not, we don't know for definite, but the background behind her editor does change to green, as do his eyes. so it seems pretty likely that this is what happens. the article itself doesn't change, though, but everyone only reads the headline and makes their mind up from that. again, this is a comment on how media reporting often leads with titles that have nothing to do with the articles themselves. and it discusses how most people consume media in this form, rather than actually going past the headline. now, jane foster, who at this point is thor arrives angry that nissa has endorsed one of her arch enemies. but tempers quickly cool when lisa explains why she should actually read what she wrote. issue 2 comes with a cool play on captain america punching hitler, but instead of him, we get caps sucking o loki on the jaw. there's even a little image of sam wilson instead of bucky. and you can catch some of loki's followers who do pop up later. we open this chapter with a campaign ad which shows a young american girl named suzy who loves life, and carol danvers. on the opposite side of this is the leader of doom's children, a lavery and terrorist organization that becomes a big plot point in the work. loki berates the current two candidates for trying to negotiate with the group over skype instead of just attacking them. and says that because he's fought the hulk before, the people can trust him to get things done when it comes to conflict. now, it wasn't much of a fight though, was it? anyway, loki also turns the people against the media by saying that they report that everyone who votes for loki is an idiot, which just makes them ride for him even harder. they get called a brainwashed cult. and again, this plays heavily on comments made during and after the u.s election. lisa starts to investigate those funding loki after she's tipped off by jane foster to who could be bankrolling the campaign. this takes her to a literal cult of worshippers, who she finds attempting to sacrifice a goat to their god. lisa films this, and though she thinks it's going to be the thing that ends his run, loki spins it and says that he's a god, so of course he has worshippers. issue 3 follows nisa as she learns that loki may actually have hired the hydra agents to attack the debate so that he could step in and save the day, though she has no proof of this. the transport they're being moved in crashes, and in the fire, she makes out loki's sister and bodyguard, angela. elsewhere, loki gets personally involved in the labyrinth conflict, which centers around doom's children. the two other candidates say that the usa. shouldn't send troops in to help, and that they should try and talk with the terrorists, which loki spins to say that they're happy to work with them. nissa disguises herself as one of the liberian rebels and sneaks into doom's castle in order to steal some weapons. doom's children arrive to kill the forces, and one of the rebels says that now would be a good time to try out the weapons. he sneaks off whilst the two groups go head to head, and we see that one of the weapons has an explosive strap to it, which goes off, killing both sides. it's revealed that this mysterious rebel was actually loki. and nisa films his transformation. she finally thinks that she's got him on the ropes and sends the video out as she boards a plane. nissa is gleeful throughout the entire flight, believing that she's finally stopped him. however, when she lands, she learns that he's put some spin on it to say that he'd do anything to protect u.s troops and would rather put himself in harm's way. the public love it, and loki becomes more popular than ever. nissa gives up trying to take him down. and issue four sees a mutant attempting to assassinate loki. he's saved by his sister, and she's then directed by loki to go and contact nisei. she meets her with thor and says that loki's alter ego, lucas from buzzfeed, is actually the leader of hydra and nissa's suspicions are confirmed. this is exposed to the public, and they're split right down the middle. those still loyal to loki are willing to fight no matter what, and those against the god end up dumping trash on his supporters. launce, loki visits nissa once more and tells sir, this isn't what he wanted. he's not the god of chaos and would rather have things peaceful than a country on the brink of civil war. he goes onto tv to talk to america and his supporters and states that he's going to be leading the country. i would rather do that with everyone unified. people in the audience start asking how he's going to accomplish his goals, but it becomes clear that he's just spouting off catchphrases without any real plan. loki's supporters lose all faith in him, and it becomes clear that there's no way loki can win the election. nissa is offered a tv show after being the only person who is willing to speak out against him. and just as she hangs up, the god of mischief appears. the pair talk about how her career has come on leaps and bounds since covering him. and loki slightly plays his hand. he hints that he carried out the entire election campaign as a way to right the wrongs of his past and to make up for destroying her home all those years ago. loki states that he's going to concede, and he flies off into the sky. however, a big twist comes when he takes a phone call with an unnamed candidate and reveals that he actually destroyed his chances of winning so that this mystery person could win the election instead. we don't know what happens next, but it's clear that this candidate gives him something special as a thank you. and we now know that loki has the future president in his pocket. that's how the book ends. and though i doubt the show version of the character will follow these plot points, it's going to be interesting to see how the arc is adapted for the show. vote loki is a fun book that perfectly parodies politics. however, i don't know if it's for everyone, and there are parts in it that i feel just don't work. i'm not a massive fan of the art style, and do prefer more photo realistic comics, like libra majo and alex ross. however, you do quickly gel with the cartoon style, and it helps to keep things quite light as you read it. the book is only four issues long, and there's a lot more going on in it than i've covered. so if it's piqued your interest, then i definitely think you should check it out. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on this story and how you think it'll be brought into the show. comment below and let me know. and as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize through on the 30th of may, which we're giving away three copies of the godzilla vs kung collection. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the comic. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now, so if that's you, then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of love, death and robot, season 2, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over the full series from top to bottom. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want something else to watch right after this. by the way, thank you for sticking through the video. i've been poor. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 