[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your house definition, and it's time to take a stroll through zombie land, with the long-awaited sequel now making its way to cinemas worldwide. throughout this video, I'm going to be breaking down everything that you need to know about the horror comedy, as well as its ending. there's gonna be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything about the phone wound, then I highly suggest that you double tap out of the video right now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into our breakdown of zombie land at double-tapped. ok. so zombie land double tap picks up a full 10 years after the first film. and the sequel sees the return of the main cast of characters from the zombie franchise, which is still made up of Columbus, Tallahassee, Little Rock and Wichita. Columbus and Wichita are dating, and Tallahassee is sort of a father figure to Little Rock. this makes for a dysfunctional group, who've gotten by due to their strict adherence to the rules, which up until this point has kept them alive. they're at a place now where zombie killings sure has become easy. but what double-tap does differently to its predecessor is that it shakes up the formula a bit and introduces a new evolved zombie named the t800. that is basically the title of the Daft Punk song, harder, better, faster, stronger. in addition to this, there's a whole new host of Walking Dead, including the home earth, named after the infamous Simpson character that's a dumb, lumbering mess, Hawkins, as in Stephen Hawkins, who is the complete opposite of the Homer and the ninja, silent but deadly. all of these really elevate the film and kickstart the intro with an awesome reminder of just how fun this franchise is. I was blown away from the start by just how enjoyable the movie was, and watching the Columbia logo do some zombie killing herself made me remember exactly why the first film got such a cult following. anyway, after making the white house their new home, they pardoned Wesley Snipes, settle down and truly become a family in The Fast and the Furious sense of the Columbus decides to propose to Wichita and makes things official, but she completely rebuff sit. worried that all marriages end in divorce and that their new world simply isn't built for attachment, little rock dreams of going off on her own due to Tallahassee still treating her like a child. and together, she and Wichita leave on the road. they me a new traveler. and then we pick up a couple of weeks later, where Columbus and Tallahassee discover Madison, a ditzy survivor who somehow has managed to survive the apocalypse with a lot of dumb luck and by having no brains. this kind of sets up the aesthetic of the film, which centers around the group meeting new characters that really bring a lot to the dynamism of the movie. Columbus and Madison sleep together, just in time for which it had to return and tell them that Little Rock is left for Graceland with a wannabe rock star. it's an awesome way to change up the dynamics of the film, and I was worried that the movie would feel stale after such a long hiatus, but there's just so much added here that it feels fresh and reinvigorating, providing a much needed shot in the arm for the franchise. this very much becomes a road trip set to the backdrop of the zombie apocalypse. and for those who thought that zombie movies were dead and buried, this shows that there's plenty of life left in the estate. on the road, they come face to face with the apex predator t800, that's probably gonna be better than the new Terminator film, and end up having to apparently kill Madison due to her showing signs of zombification. I'll get into this later. but after getting to Graceland, they meet a woman named Nevada, played by rosario Dawson, who tells them that the pair have headed to a commune in Babylon, which is built around a skyscraper here in Tallahassee bond over their shared love of Elvis and sleep together, and awaken the next day to find two more survivors that are basically mirror images of Columbus and Tallahassee. now, my biggest problem with these new editions of bar Madison is that the characters don't really last long. each one is either dropped out of the plot or taken out just as quickly as they're introduced. and I would have loved to have been with the characters long enough to actually gain an attachment to them. it kind of makes these newbies feel a bit pointless. and though all of them get an awesome moment each, it's not enough to really make you more invested in the film. now, there does come some redemption when rediscover Madison driving an ice cream truck. and we learned that a freak out was actually just a reaction caused by a neurology. Columbus was supposed to kill her in the woods, but your boy is under the thumb. and it's like when the girl that you think you blocked turns back up to ruin your life again. I'm just kidding, ladies. I love you. anyway, they arrived at Babylon and are forced to turn in their guns, which they but grudgingly do, in order to find Little Rock. the commune sets off fireworks to celebrate their arrival. the Little Rock implies to Tallahassee that she wants to be her own woman, and he decides to part ways with them. on the road, he comes across the biggest zombie horde since World War Z and heads back to warn Babylon that the fireworks are attracting them. left with no weapons, the group really struggled to fight them off. and it leads to an amazing finale. the Horde is absolutely huge and makes for an awesome showdown. and when it seems like all hope is lost, Avada shows up and rescues them from their fate, allowing them to escape up the skyscraper on the rooftop. Tallahassee runs off and grabs onto a crane, but the zombies blindly follow him, with most of them running off the edge. however, to manage to get hold of him, but Little Rock saves him. with a pistol at she forgot to hand in at the border, they managed to pull Tallahassee back in and save his life. in the end, Wichita accepts Columbus's hand in marriage, and she finally says yes to him. Little Rock breaks things off with a boyfriend, who ends up getting together with Madison. and Nevada and Tallahassee hook up, joined by Nevada, the group decide to leave the commune. and after almost a decade of searching for one Columbus states that they found their home with one another. staying at home isn't a place. it's the people here with the film ends with a surprise, ending you with Bill Murray that was shown in trailers for some reason. and if you're wondering exactly what that was, then we finally have the answers. now, it's a kind of fourth wall breaking thing, but it has Murray promoting Garfield 3, the flabby tabby in 2019, and comparing it to the Godfather trilogy. he says he did the movie because drugs cost money. and it's a hilarious way to end the film. this takes place during Daisy of the zombie outbreak, and actually follows what actions he took to end up in the first film. it's an awesome little Easter egg that fans of the franchise will love. and watching Murray go about killing zombies and having fun with it is amazing. we also get another post credit scene. that's a blooper of Murray trying to cop up a football that I thought I'd drop into the video just in case you left the film before you got to see it. but what did I think of the movie overall? well, Dom Beal and double-tap is an awesome addition, and that one's a thing. just falls slightly short of the original, is still a great, great ride. the movie perfectly balances comedy and action, and it's just a blast from start to finish. every character from the main cast gets a chance to shine. and no, I do think that the film under develops its new additions. those who want to just have a catch up with a cast from the first film will find a lot to like. it is slightly predictable on the whole, but when you're having this much fun, who really cares? the team behind it did an awesome job of recapturing the spirit of the first film, and a feels like we never really left this with them not missing a beat, matching the original in both tone and style. this is definitely the one to watch this weekend. and I was worried that interest would wane a lot in the film, with its prior entry being so long ago. however, this really gets you back on board. and I really, really hope it's not another 10 years before we get to go back to zombie land and see what other adventures there are for the characters. zombie land is great, as you can tell. I had a lot of fun with it. and that's why it gets a seven point five out of ten, just between us. cost money. didn't see that coming. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on zombie land, double tap, so make sure you drop them in the comment section below. if you enjoy this video, then please DoubleTap that like button and then tap it again, coz you've just done liked it. and make sure you check out my ending explain breakdown of last weekend's big movie, El Camino, which would be linked at the end. we go over the entire film and discuss its ending. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to come chat to me after the video that, make sure you follow me on Twitter, a definition, whitey, or head over to my discord server, which would be linked in the description below. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase three, part one box out on blu-ray, which contains Civil War, Doctor, Strange homecoming, Ragnarok, more. and all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Zombieland - in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen on the 15th of November, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever. get surprised. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 