welcome to the man of recaps. it's the walking dead, season six. it starts with Rick in front of this whole quarry full of zombies that have been like trapped in here. how did this situation happen? well, let's recap. Rick's got this hot new girlfriend next door, but she's got a husband, so they have a fight, and then he accidently kills this guy, so Rick has to kill him. Rick's friend Morgan shows up. he met him in season 1, but then in season 3, he was crazy, but now he's not that crazy. he does have some bo staff skills. anyway, they're out in the woods burying a body, and they find the big quarry full of zombies. it's like, oh, this is bad. so Rick's like, hey, we need to get those Ami's out of there before they eventually escape. and over on the town and the town leader, Deanna, is like, yeah, Rick, I trust you now. we're going to go with your plan. so they sort of let them out slowly, and they're going to drive them away with these cars. and they like create these barriers so that they get herded in the right direction. it's going really well for a while, until there's like these horns coming back from the city. so all the zombies are going back there. now, what's going on at the town? no, it's under attack by the Wolfpack. they're the w4 had people, and they've got this truck. they crash it into the wall, and that's where the horn comes from. these guys manage to shut it off. eventually, Carol has to do the double. you should blend in. she goes the armory and get some guns. so she chases him. aha. Karl's got his new girlfriend, but she's like, this town's done for. I'm better on my own. so she leaves in the note, just survive somehow. and as we learned from her flashback, that's her motto. and Morgan finds the wolf fat guy hiding, who accost him in the woods, and he manages to subdue him. though the group is running back to town. Rick's like, you guys keep going. I'm gonna take the RV try to lead some new zombies away. so the gang runs into some troubles where some more extras get eaten. and then Glenn ends up on top of dumpster with this guy who's like, I'm out. I shoot myself off. and his body up, pulls gun down, with him, and he's being ripped apart. II, my zombies. no, Glenn. there's no way he could possibly survive this. Rick makes it to the RV, but he runs in some Wolfpack trouble, shoots up the RV, and now it doesn't run anymore, and there's a bunch more zombies coming. so he has to run back to town, just ahead of the herd. and unfortunately, now Alexandra is completely surrounded. Daryl and these others are still leading the majority of the zombie herd away. they finally get far enough and decide to turn back to town, but then they're getting shot at. oh, so they get split up. Abraham and Sasha end up together. they sort of start flirting, by the way. it's good for them. and they also find a rocket launcher. Daryl ends up alone in the woods where this guy takes a prisoner because he thinks it's part of this group that's chasing him. but when Daryl finds his opportunity, he makes it an escape. but then it's like, oh, it's some insulin in here. you can have your insulin back. I'm a nice guy. and when the actual people chasing him come, Daryl helps them escape. but then the hot girl gets eaten. and then it's like, okay, you guys, come back to my village. but when it finds out his village might be overrun with zombies, they're like, no offense, man. we're just gonna take your bike and we're taking your crossbow - no, that's his whole shtick. luckily, Daryl finds a convenient fuel truck nearby, and he picks up his friends there on the way home. but they're accosted by this motorcycle gang who's like, yeah, our boss is named negan. whose negan? well, we're not gonna find out now, because Daryl puts the rocket launcher to good use. hey, it's Glen. yes, he's alive, the blood and guts with the other guys on top of him. and he managed to hide under the dumpster for a while until all the zombies left. he meets up with Carl's girlfriend, who runs away because she thinks she's better on her own. but then he catches up with her. he's like, he'll, that's dumb. come back to the village with me. of course, it's overrun by zombies. that's unfortunate. inside the town, Morgan's got his Wolf Pack guy prisoner. and he tells him his backstory of how it was crazy for a while killing zombies and humans alike, until he finds the ball Big Lebowski, who knocks him out and keeps him locked up for a while till he cools down, teaches him about not killing and also bo staff skills. but one day he gets bitten, and so Morgan walked off on his own. so Morgan is like, I don't kill people anymore, and if I can be redeemed, you can too. well, fat guys like, yeah, maybe, but I'm dying of this infected cut. so it doesn't really matter. there's a new doctor in the town, this girl, Denise. she's just a psychiatrist, but it's like the closest thing they got, she's way over her head though, with surgery. so she befriends Tara, who's like, hey, you can do it. she was hit by the grenade, by the way, last season. she's fine though. these two are lesbians, so they actually start hooking up. anyway. Morgan's like, hey, doc, I got a secret prisoner. can you come take care of him? but then Carol sees her going there, and so she chases her down. is like, hey, what are you hiding down here? but just then the clock tower falls down on the wall. whoops. what? so the zombies over running the town. everyone hides wherever they can. Denise is stuck with the Wolfpack guy, and she figure she may as well treat him. but then Morgan and Carol get in a fight about whether they should just kill her not, which, of course, allows him to escape and take Denise hostage. over in Rick's girlfriends house, they're having a hard time keeping all the zombies out. they managed to block the stairs for now, grab a couple zombies and do the season one trick of robbing zombie guck all over themselves to blend in. uh, Phyllida. Deanna, though, by she got bit, so she makes a final stand. the rest of the gang makes it out, though they're blending in pretty well. they're on their way to escape. but then Rick's girlfriend's son stars like, tried too much attention and all that's eaten by zombies. oh, and then she starts her into a detention and all she gets eaten by zombies - and Rick's like, oh, we never even got the bang. but then his sons like, I'm gonna shoot you cuz it's your fault. but Micheaux stabbed, so many shoots up, but then it hits Carl in the eye, on what? they're running away now, trying to get to the doctor. the doctor still with this guy, and as they're escaping, he's like, oh, man, hey, I'm gonna save you from the zombies. so maybe he's redeemed himself. but he gets bit. he's like, oh, come on by. oh. but he's shot by Carol, who like, doesn't care. that is redeemed. they make it to the infirmary and start trying to fix Carl's eye, and it works. like, I'm gonna go out and just kill all the zombies myself. Michelle's like, hey, I'm coming too. and so the rest of the gang is out there just trying to fight zombies, and the other people in town like, oh, I guess we're just making a stand right here, taking him out one by one. Glenn comes in, he finds Maggie all trapped, so he draws the zombies away, makes a final stand, and luckily, the game comes back with some automatic weapons, shoots them up, and it's like, man, good thing we found this fuel truck. we can just dump a bunch of analyte and blow it up on fire. so zombies are super dumb. they all walk in by our kill themselves. and luckily, the day is saved. I mean, a lot of people died, but none of the main characters, even Karl, survives. he gets a cool eyepatch now. now, hey, who wants a little romance? argh. we've got Sasha here, still flirting with Abraham. this is awkward though, because he's been dating Rosita ever since we met him back in season 4. I've never mentioned Rosita before because she's been entirely irrelevant. mostly she just stands in the background of Abraham while he talks, and occasionally looks really sexy. she's just a generally valued member of the group though. anyway, he decides to break up with her, which makes her super sad. the rest of the group, they'll like, is good these days. working Daryl on a supply run, they find this truck full of food and stuff, which is awesome. then they stop for this vending machine because, uh, doctors like, hey, I want to get an orange soda for my girlfriend, who likes orange soda. but then there found this guy. oh, he's like, what's up? I'm not here to hurt you. I'm just a guy. my name is Jesus. what's up? so they're like, how that guy was weird. but then some gunshots out back. it's just some firecrackers. yes, it's a distraction. Jesus stole that keys. he's taking their truck. they run after him, like Legolas and Aragorn hunting auric hi. luckily, he gets a flat tire, so they jump him. but he's got like epic karate skills. they have guns though, so they subdue him and time to the side of the road. but then he had taught himself. he saw him on roof. what? who is this guy? so then like playing chasey down in the field, and they're fighting in the truck, but it puts it in neutral and rolled back into the lake. no, the truck full of food. Jesus is knocked out. so they decide they're gonna take him back home. for now. Rick and Michonne, by the way, living as platonic roommates. and as tends to happen in one night, is not so platonic. and Michelle's like, wait a second. are we about to bang? yes, they do. that's pretty funny. and Jesus gets free, and he's like, hey, what's up? nice bang. he explains he's from another survivor community, a lot like theirs, and his job is to go facilitate trade negotiations. he's like, you guys got a lot of guns. we a lot of food. I think we could do business. so the group goes to check out his place. first, they find a car accident of his guys, so they have to take out some zombies and save some of his friends. one of them is a baby doctor, by the way, which is convenient for Maggie, because she and Glenn are pregnant, hooray. and then they make it to the hilltop colony. it's a pretty good spot. they do have a lot of food and stuff. they are low on guns. they've just got an old-fashioned forge where they're like, making Spears to defend themselves. they go and meet the boss man. Rick's like, hey Maggie, I nominate you to be Secretary of State. you go talk to him. so she's like, hey, food, guns. let's make a trade. he's like, now, I'm a dick. I'm gonna drive like a really hard bargain. for some reason. just then some of the guys come back in. boss man's like, hey, what happened over at Megan's and it's like, negan took one of our guys hostages, and he wants me to kill you all. so Rick has to step in and a like kills this guy. and he's like, okay, who is this negan guy? so Jesus explains how Megan's gang has got this protection racket going. they demand like, half of all their food and supplies and stuff in exchange for not killing them all. and Rick's like, well, how many guys? doesn't even happen. it's like, I don't know, like twenty or thirty maybe works. like we can kill twenty or thirty guys for breakfast. so Rick's got a plan to amble goons gang. they're gonna find a zombie head that looks sort of like the leader of hilltop colony, send a guy in to deliver it, so when the guards open the door, they could bust and kill the guards, sneaking quietly while they're all sleeping, and like, murder them all on their sleep, which is morally questionable. but they do, of course, one guy does sound the alarm, so they have to have a fire fight. luckily, our group comes out on top, and the negan's compound is secured. this guy is a character on the show, by the way. he and Tara are going on some sort of supply run, so we'll see what they're up to next season. and one of the gang members tries to escape on Darryl's bike that was stolen from him earlier. then they're contacted on the walkie by some more of Megan's gang who have Maggie and Carol prisoner. oh no. so Maggie and Carol are hostages. this chicks trying to organize an exchange with Rick, but she's really setting it up for an ambush. Carol ends up with this rosary somehow, and she like, pretends to be meek and stuff, but then she uses it to cut away free and kill the captives. and then when the reinforcements come, she likes him on fire and watches them burn alive too, which makes her uncomfortable with killing. now, anyway, their friends come and rescue them, and Rick's like, all right. so he killed the entire gang, which one of them was negan. and this guy's like, haha, I'm negan, loser. and Rick's like, oh, good. that makes it easy, that boom, shoots you in the head. so the hilltop colony gives them lots of food in exchange for taking out negan, and life is really good for a while. these guys are going out on a run to get some medicine and stuff. Denise finds an orange soda. she's like, oh, man, Tara's gonna love this. I'm shiny. i watch esse rounded led by this guy who stole Daryl's bike earlier in his crossbow, and apparently he's joined negan's gang and also, like, been in a fire. and he has Eugene too, because he was nearby at like a foundry, because he's got this awesome plan to manufacture bullets. well, that would be great. but anyway, he's like, yeah, you guys are gonna pay take us back to your thing. but then Eugene's like, oh, did bite? Oh, what? that's crazy. and Abraham's there, and they like, take them all out, chasing away. girls like, I'm gonna go chase after him. and they're like, well, we got a chase down Daryl. so this gangs out in the woods, but they are ambushed by this guy, and they are taken prisoner Carol's decided she doesn't want to kill people anymore, so she's going off on her own. but summon negan skating finds her and like blows out her tires, and she has to pretend to be meek again before she shoots them all up. and like feels even worse about it. there is one survivor, though. he chases after Rick and Morgan are going after Carol too, but Morgan's like, hey, I'm gonna go teach her about the way he's not killing. you can go home. so when, uh, bad guy catches up to her, Morgan's like, I don't kill people. but then he's like, now do it. so Morgan's like, oh, I'm gonna kill you. and Carol's hurt, by the way. and then these Game of Thrones looking guys come up. they're hung like a horse, and they got armor and spears, and they're like, hey, we're friendly guys. we'll come and help you. back in town, Maggie gets a haircut, but, oh, the baby. there is something really horribly wrong. they're gonna drive her over to hilltop colony to see the baby. dr. Karl's girlfriend wants to come, but he's like, no, I'm gonna lock you in the Palazzo to protect you. so they're on their way over, but the road is blocked by some more of negan's game, or just like sup and Rick's like, we're going to back up slowly and go a different route, but this other road - and it's like, honeykins, gang is a little bit bigger than we thought. in fact, another roads blocked. it's a lot bigger than they thought. and Rick's like, we made a huge mistake. so it's like, Eugene, you take the RV. we're gonna try to sneak through the woods on foot. but then they're caught immediately, cuz even more of negan's gang is here. and they're all like whistling, cuz this is the thing they do. and so our crew is like down on their knees, and it's time to meet the man himself, negan. now he's the friendly, smiley type of psychopath. and he explains he's not going to kill him all right now. he wants them to live. so they continue making food and stuff so they can give it to him. it's part of the protection racket. one of them does have to die for insolence, though. and he literally plays eenie meenie, miney moe to pick which one. and we don't see who he picks because it's first-person point of view. I mean, beats his head in with a baseball bat. and whoever it is, this person is a hundred percent dead. but we're not going to find out till next season. [Music], 