[Music], welcome to the breakdown, when we break down all the messed up [ __ ]. so I'm back after like three weeks. is summertime, and I asked her what would y'all like to see in May? and the most light comment was, a Clockwork Orange. so this is one of the many masterpieces of famous director Stanley Kubrick. easily one of the most influential directors of all time. he's probably the best director we have come across so far. so I don't feel like I deserve to talk about this movie. a Clockwork Orange is a film that takes place in the future, well, a future relevant to the release date of the movie. taking place in England. we see a somewhat dystopian setting where law and order are mostly absent. the main character, Alex, played by Malcolm McDowell, in an amazing performance, shows the effects of trying to rehabilitate a sociopath through a crazy therapy experiment. so before we start, if you've already seen his movies before, probably we're gliding down the YouTube suggestions. when you seen the video. and talk to yourself, know, what I want to see? this weebs analysis on a Clockwork Orange. even though I know everything. if you thought that at any point, you are in the wrong place. this is just a recap series. so I suggest you check out these two great videos on a Clockwork Orange to see a nice analysis on the book and or a movie. they will be in the description. so if you want to see what happens, including all the Minister of parts, stay tuned for the kills, I mean, the breakdown. [Music]. look at that face. that's Alex de large, or just Alex in the novel. Oh, pause. let me mention that Alex and his friends we will see later, all speaking in a little inspired language that consists of English and Russian influence words. it's called nadsat. I hope that's how you pronounce it. okay, that's established. but alex is sitting with his drugs, nadsat, for homeboys named Pete, Georgie and dim, in a place called the kirova milk bar. it serves milk plus. we're just milk along with plenty of the drugs that make you good and proper for some ultra violent activity. Alex here is a sociopath. I guess the other three are following his sociopathic example. but their first victim of ultra violence is some singing wino, who also serves to give us an idea of the setting of the movie. Alex and his drugs attacked the man, but he don't care. he's like, do me in, give me away from this terrible world with no law and order. he compares you to being less than earth and a place for Anarchy to prevail. looks like he's right. next we see a rival gang led by someone named Billy Boy, and they are about to rape this woman. Alex and his gang interrupt the act with their presence, which is enough to let these TIG ol bitties swing in the air. Billy boys like y'all set trippin cuz. and they get right to this, I don't know, Super Smash Bros ultimate fight. it's pretty hectic, to say the least. long story short, Alex and them win. they three stalked billy boy and his loser squad. then they dip once they hear the police come, driving as fast as they can to the nearest pay and spray their recklessness on the roll. would get them in the idiots and car subreddit. but they actually are going to a famous person's house to cause mayhem. they splinter cell their way around the house of an author named F dot. Alexander along with his wife, who got a knock on the door. Alex pretends to be asking he used a phone for assistance in a red but smartly, she turns them away. Alexander makes the mistake by telling his wife to let him in. so it's just random sadism for the sake of it. kind of reminded me of the Joker in terms of how random it is, yet how calculated it seems. as Alexander watches Alex and his gang rape his wife. after that, they go back to the Corolla milk bar to get drugged up again. but it seems some established looking individuals caught Alex's attention. one of them starts singing a piece from Beethoven, Alex's favorite sound cloud artists. he also gets into it with dim. it's just a start of the rest of the game, wanting equal share of treatment instead of being under Alex's boot all the time. I mean, dim has to be like, do be doop. I don't want no actually with you, brother. then everybody goes home. well, we see how dirty and unregulated it looks in the future. excuse me, the future related to 1973. the next day, Alex's mom waste him up for school. looks like in the movie, he's about 17 or 18. I heard in the book he's about 15. alex pretends to be sick, but I'm sure both is too well-off. parents, no, that's just BS. he seems pretty well-off too. but he's playing hooky, only to be caught in the act by his parole officer, who is randomly in his house, just kidding. the mom let him in with her key. he's pretty eccentric, but he knows alex is out at night causing mayhem, so he makes it clear to keep your hands clean later. we're not promoting chaos. alex goes to pick up some stuff, but ends up picking up a threesome. yet, he probably went about three rounds. I heard in a novel, Alex didn't have consensual sex with two women. he raped and drugged two ten-year-old girls instead. books are always more messed up painting. a few hours later, alex has an awkward encounter with his drugs, and that's before he sits on DIMMs. laughs. the news is that the drugs don't want to be just small-time crooks getting petty change and being treated like underlings. Alex goes along with their little feelings. at first it bothers him, but in response, he just chaos them, both dim and joy by pushing them in the water. keep in mind, it was the presence of Beethoven playing that inspired him to succumb to random chaos. this was his way of showing who's boss. Deb and Georgie did have an idea of a place to plunder, which belongs to some cat lady. they pretend to be needing assistance, like their last attack, but she doesn't make the author's mistake. instead, they sneak about, similar to the cats in the house. Alec sneaks into a window while the woman is calling the police. he was listening though, coming in and seeing all her vulgar works of art. he soon uses her penis sculpture to hit the woman over the head, believing she has just passed out. he then goes outside to tell his boys, we gotta go cuz the cops are coming. but dim slammed some of that milk plus in his face, blinding him. and his boys leave him behind to be bait for the cops. alright. alex is in custody now, but ain't speaking without Phoenix right present. even then, when you act crazy, you get beat like crazy, knowing his future is at stake. Alex blames everything on his drugs, saying they forced him to do it. well, not really, cuz he's a murderer. now that woman nyet over the head has died. so now he's going to prison, proving to be a disappointment to his probation officer. after a trial, alex is sentenced to 14 years to be around people he considers worse than him. now he's his number six, double, five, three, two, one, in the system, no longer just Alex the large but so far he's acting a lot more civilized than what we seen. and yep, he's ready for prison. two years later, alex is normalised into prison. and seems honestly like a brown-nose someone that kisses ass, who is even taken up to read the Bible, really, though he's just imagining himself. is one of those oblivious Romans, or other bringers of chaos, or every man's dream that they don't know they want to happen yet. for prison, it seems kinda lacks there's even supposedly some treatment or experiment that rehabilitates prisoners are lonely, releasing them early. that's what Alex talks to this religious leader about. the treatment is called the Ludovico technique, but it seems pretty dangerous right now. Alex wants to do it so he can get out. he doesn't seem to really care about being rehabilitated later. doing an observation of potential guinea pigs for the Ludovico technique, Alex cleverly nominates himself by gaining the attention of an important benefactor. this benefactor is the Minister of the Interior, and he will organize the treatment that will reform Alex and get him out, released out into the public in two weeks time. he is soon taken to the Ludovico facility. and give me some hospitality. no prisoner is usually given. the nurses give him some drugs in his back side, and he is told that the treatment will consist of him simply watching films. we see actually, that he is put in a straightjacket and is literally forced to watch disturbing movies, movies showing violence and even rape. those drugs, they gave them, in combination with these messed up movies, is literally making Alex sick to his stomach. but they don't listen to this cries because this is only the beginning. violence and sex is twisting from good to bad through the use of these drugs and plenty ultra violent movies. also, all he hears is music from the Ninth Symphony. yet it's torturous for him to sit there. looks like he's got to go through two weeks of this. two weeks later, alex is brought in front of an audience that's a changed man because of the drug torture he went through. the Minister of the Interior shows his rehabilitation by bringing out a violent weirdo. it causes Alex to scream out that he's gonna be sick, and gets turned into a pushover because of that's not all, because this big tittied girl comes out. Alex wanted to taste those fruits, but he became instantly nauseous and sick from even trying to. that religious man from the prison isn't filling this form of rehabilitation, saying that he doesn't even have any free will anymore. but the ministers argument that it cuts down crime, turns to be the most well light. Alex has laid out. the next day, going home to visit his mom and dad, and also some random [ __ ] named Joe. he has taken Alex's old room. honestly, it didn't really seem like he's actually rehabilitation, just incapable of doing anything violent. that's shown when he almost fights the dude who now lives there. long story short, it seems alex parents found a whole new son in Joe here. well, alex is now asked out. that's what we saying, when you got nowhere to live. it's out of random that the wino he beat up in the beginning recognizes him out of nowhere, and he kids dragged the jump by his whole clique. police come to save the day. but Oh, looky here. the police officers are Alex's old drugs, dim and Georgie. they still don't like Alex, so they take him deep in the woods and treat him to a beating and drowning. surprisingly, they let him go, and he barely crawls away to a very familiar house. do you remember that house? coincidentally, belongs to the author. if not, Alexander, the same man who Alex and his crew beat and raped his wife. after that incident, he got a bodyguard. this isn't mention until later, but the wife actually died after the rape, possibly the stress of the event. Alex knocks on the door with all his strength, really in an emergency this time. and it's helped in by Clark Kent. he is abroad before Alexander, and he does recognize him. he recognizes him from the newspapers showing the rehabilitated man, but not from the previous attack done in the beginning. so he gives him a bath. the reason, I offer is being so nice is because he believes Alex can be a weapon that would stop the reelection of the current government. hold on. let's flashback to the attack on the author. in the beginning, during the attack, allons was singing the song called singing in the rain. now I'm back in the present at Lake. so happens to start singing that song again, which the author here. this causes the author to have a disturbing breakdown and realization that the person who crippled him and raped and killed his wife is literally in his bathtub. pause, a lot of people also take this as evidence that Alex was faking being cured, since he song something that is associated with violence. most importantly, Alex is watched by his two saviors and his colleagues as they give him some wine. they also asking questions about what makes him nauseous, which we know is violence and sex, and even the Ninth Symphony. he then passes out suddenly, all because of that drug, that wine. what comes around goes around. he then wakes up to the very music that sickens him, Beethoven. he's locked in, so he has no choice but to sit in agony. after a while, he realized that he would rather be dead then sit tortured by this music, and jumps out of the window to kill himself. I'm sure that was painful, because we see he actually survived, broken, but living. I'm sure I'm not the only one who laughed at this upcoming scene. but a doctor and nurse, we're getting it in, only to stop when they hear Alex has regained consciousness. newspapers reveal that the author's efforts of stopping their reelection of the current government might work, especially after that attempted suicide. after some time, a psychiatrist comes in and do some tests, tests like saying the first thing that pops into mind. each slide reveals that Alex sings pretty violent, looks like he is no longer sickened by the violence and sex. later, the Minister of the Interior comes to apologize for the whole Ludovico technique. he offers Alex a physician to help with the re-election campaign. Alex says, sure yeah. in his thanks, he is turned into an overnight headline as Beethoven's 9th plays on these loud ass speakers, again, showing that if he was cleared, he is back to normal. now the movie answers, he imagined himself possibly raping a woman before saying, I was cured. all right. well, I definitely think that was a great movie to watch. definitely one of the best one so far. it's still one of those movies you should definitely see for yourself. after just take this little recap and something to know what scenes might be a cup of tea or not. so now that we got through this film, let's talk about the most disturbing and most enjoy moment and that spooky stuff. all right, let's get right into it. the mostest third moment for me is probably the rape. honestly, even though there was nothing too explicit shown, you'll see the movie on a lot of disturbing lists. so unless I'd seen just these since their version or whatever, not much what's actually disturbing. and the scope, similar to the movies we have covered before. the most enjoyment is probably Malcolm's whole performance. it was cool watching any scene he was in, plus how he communicated with people. and that's it. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. and if you are interested in the lore of a Clockwork Orange, I suggest checking out the two most popular videos that could definitely give that in-depth analysis. on the left is silo, in case you want to see another book-based film that is pretty crazy. on the right, it's hereditary, another film with nice acting, things like this one. thanks for watching. spooky out 