[Music], dad. [Music], welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will explain a thriller film based on serge broslet's best-selling french novel, les emirs. this film is about a demolition company rep who supervises the raising of a mysterious building. they discover horrifying secrets and past inhabitants entombed within its walls by a vicious murderer. let's find out what's the secret behind the building in walden. the film begins by showing a girl trapped in a very narrow place. not long after, a tremendous amount of cement came out from the cracks in the wall. unfortunately, the girl could not leave the narrow room and had to be buried in the semen. this is the beginning of the film. this story is drawn to 15 years after the terrible incident, a small family is celebrating sam's graduation. sam had just graduated as an engineer, a profession she had long dreamed of. as a graduation gift, her father takes sam to work in their family company in the demolition business. of course, this offer made sam very happy, especially since she immediately got a big eviction project. her father has even prepared a ticket around europe for sam and her boyfriend named peter, if sam succeeds in completing this project. sam then headed to the project site. finally, after driving alone, sam arrived at her job site, which was an apartment. the building did not look like an apartment. instead, it looked like a prison. a sign on the wall shows if the building was built by an engineer named malistraza in 1990. sam was then greeted by an apartment keeper named mary. sam also met a teenage boy. that turned out that the boy was named jimmy, who was mary's son. mary then instructs jimmy to take sam to her room, numbered 208, and explained the various rules in the apartment. but just arrived on the second floor, the lights in the apartment suddenly went out. jimmy also reminded sam to avoid the eighth floor or go to the rooftop. sam then went to take a shower and enjoyed the night. as she came out of the bathroom, she met mary. sam then asked how many people were in the apartment. it turned out that, according to mary, only four people were living in the apartment, namely, her and her son, as well as two other people. surprisingly, there is still a lot of furniture in her room, as if the previous occupants just left without bringing their furniture. on the second floor, sam found a room marked with julie's name. there was a picture of a child's drawing on the door. the next day, sam starts her work and analyzes the building. she needed to know where to put the explosives to bring the building down, so sam had to tell her father how much tnt it would take to tear the building down. in the afternoon, sam went to a convenience store to buy some food and drinks out of curiosity. she then borrowed a computer to look up information about the building. it turned out that the information obtained was astonishing. reportedly, malastraza and 16 other people were found hardened inside the walls of the building. this tragedy occurred in 1993, which is three years after the apartment was completed. back at her apartment, sam starts marking the part of the apartment where she will set off the explosives. but suddenly a man appeared and immediately ran towards her while banging an axe. it turned out that this man was one of the residents who did not accept that the building would be evicted. that night, jimmy suddenly appeared in front of sam's room and took her to the eighth floor, even though he had previously forbidden sam to visit that floor. jimmy then starts telling stories about malestraza, the apartment designer who died inside the walls. according to him, until now, there is still a room that witnessed the terrible incident. jimmy also said that of the 16 victims buried inside the walls, one of them was julie, which is none other than the girl who appears in the prologue of this film. in one of the rooms on the eighth floor. jimmy showed a wall where the terrible tragedy occurred. apparently, jimmy's father was also one of the 16 victims. sam was also amazed when she found a picture of malistraz's face on the wall. while being scared by jimmy, suddenly, sam could see a man looking at them. jimmy then decides to go after the man and leave sam alone. unfortunately, in her solitude, her flashlight suddenly died. she was so afraid. then she fell in the darkness. luckily, jimmy soon came back and helped her. sam then returned to her room. however, she had an injury to her knee. jimmy volunteered to treat sam's knee, but jimmy took advantage of that moment to stroke her thigh. luckily, sam realized that and asked jimmy to stop what he was doing and leave her alone. as night approached, suddenly, sam could see a mirror on the wall that was moving on its own. when it was opened, it turned out that from behind the hole, fresh blood flowed. suddenly, a hand appeared from behind the wall and pulled her body. when she regained consciousness, sam was already inside the wall. to her horror, the seaman began to enter the wall and bury her alive. fortunately, all of these terrible events turned out to be just a bad dream. sam, who was disturbed by her sleep, then decided to check her room. it turned out that peter, her boyfriend, appeared to give her a surprise. sam then decided to take peter to the eighth floor. there, she saw a sign on a wall. unexpectedly, there was a secret switch on the wall that led them to a secret door on the floor. sam and peter then went down to the room. and from behind the hole, sam could see directly into the bathroom in room 208. so it turned out that jimmy had always peeked at her when she was taking a shower. the end of the room finally led sam and peter to a garbage dump. when the door opened, mary was there. mary was amazed how sam and her boyfriend could emerge from the room. finally, sam reported that jimmy had often peaked at her in the bathroom. jimmy was scolded by his mother. he immediately sped away. that night, peter tried to comfort a sad sam. peter also invited her to come home the next day. the two of them then made out that night, while jimmy, who heard their romance from the next room, was so sad and jealous. the next day, sam and peter get ready to leave the apartment. she has also made a report about the explosion point that will be used in the apartment. in her report, it was written that they needed as much as 600 kilograms of tnt. but before they left, jimmy suddenly appeared in front of sam's room and gave her a present. it turned out to be an old book written by malestrasza about the design and structure of the apartment building. sam became very interested and tried to study the book. jimmy also invited sam and peter to return to the eighth floor. but suddenly, jimmy disappeared, and sam can hear a voice asking for help from a huge hole. sam is so panicked and intends to go down to help jimmy, who fell into the hull. meanwhile, peter was on top, while slowly lowering the rope to bring sam down. but only halfway, an iron shot straight into peter's chest and killed him. sam's balance was lost and she had to fall into the big, deep hole. some time later, sam woke up in the hole naked. there it turns out that she is not alone. there was another man in the hole, who turned out to be malestrazza. surprisingly, he has been trapped in the hole as well. turns out it was malistraza who played jimmy's voice from his radio. so it sounded as if jimmy was asking for help from a hole. from above the hole, jimmy appeared and threw a letter in the letter jimmy said that he would not let sam leave the apartment because jim wanted sam to love him without coercion. jimmy then sends a cooperation report to sam's father. not only that, he also drowned sam's car to make it look as if sam left and wouldn't come back. sam must now live with malistraza in that hole. jimmy reappears and gives malastraza a cassette. melistrazo also said that if he always obeyed jimmy's words, because if he refused his orders, they would suffer in that hole. jimmy apparently ordered malestrazza and sam to dance to the strains of the song from the cassette given. he also asked malistraza and sam to kiss according to his instructions. as a gift, jimmy gave some fruits to malestrazza and a walkie-talkie to sam. on the other hand, the man who lived in the apartment finally left his apartment, while his other friend decided to stay in the apartment. sam tried hard to get out of the hole. she also persuaded jimmy and said if she needed some medicines, sam tried to seduce jimmy and said if she liked it when jimmy stroked her leg. but jimmy didn't budge, even though sam had opened her shirt to seduce jimmy. then the rain came, and that's when sam realized that peter's body was buried by malestrazza in that hole. due to the wet ground, his corpse began to surface. melistraza then told her that he had been locked up in the hole for a long time, even more than five thousand days. malistraza said that mary made up a story to the police that he died inside the wall. meanwhile, he is locked in this hole by mary because she wants revenge for the death of her husband, who died because of malestrazz's idea. melistrazzo also began to admit that he was an old-fashioned person who still believed in ancient beliefs. according to him, to make a sturdy building and can last a long time, a human sacrifice is needed. on the other hand, mary is starting to get suspicious because sam and peter suddenly disappeared when checking. mary was so surprised that sam was in the hole asking for help but instead of helping, mary just closed the hole and scolded her son. after all, the goal of defending the hole was to lock up malestrazza. and now, if the police caught them locking sam up, they could both go to jail. in the afternoon, the workers had come to blow up the apartment building. now it's just a matter of time for the building to be blown up with sam in it. sam tried hard to get jimmy to get her out of the hole, but jimmy still didn't budge meanwhile, malistraza said if he needed another sacrifice in the building, then he started digging a hole. according to him, the building could never be blown up if there were additional humans buried alive. that's when sam secretly took a sharp iron and tried to kill malistraza. but instead of being afraid, it turns out that malastraza actually hopes to get killed so that he can become a sacrifice to save the apartment. melistraza repeatedly asked sam to kill him. and with all her might, sam stuck the iron in malestrazz's body many times. malistraza thanked sam for helping him sacrifice himself for the building he designed. outside, the workers were ready to blow up the building, until suddenly jimmy changed his mind and immediately ran to save sam. finally, sam's father arrived at the hole, and he was so surprised that sam was in the hole. jimmy, feeling guilty, then decided to jump into the pit and died. meanwhile, sam was rescued and taken to the hospital. mary now has to languish in prison for being involved in the act of holding sam in the hole. finally, the building was not torn down to honor the genius and masterpiece of [Music] malestrazza. [Music] foreign 