welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition in this episode, were breaking down the big bad of Resident Evil 3, that is the nemesis. though his name has been dropped from the title of the game, he still makes a huge impact throughout it's 3 to 5 hour runtime. and he's as fascinating today as he was all the way back in 1999. throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down the origins of the Nemesis and all the bits of info that you need to know about him. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to complete the game yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly recommend that he turn off. now, make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy it. without the way, thank you for clicking this. and let's get into our breakdown of the Nemesis. okay, so nemesis, on the surface, it may seem like he just wanders around repeating the same thing over and over, like some deranged Pokemon who's got his nose all bent out of shape. but there's actually a lot going on with the character to discuss him, we have to travel all the way back to the 19th century, where the progenitor virus was first discovered by Henry Travis in West Africa. his work was well documented and later picked up in the 1960s by Oswald Spencer and Edward Ashford. you may recognize these names if you're fans of the series, especially the former, and Spencer mansion from re1 and Spencer Hospital from her III would go on to be named after him. they discovered that the progenitor virus could be drawn from a specific plant by placing into damp and dim conditions such as a cave. this would cause it to produce the virus, which the company, umbrella, could then mutate and re-engineer into specific strains. though the t-virus was the most predominant of these, the g-virus was later created. an umbrella went through multiple changes over the years through testing their formulas and procedures. the t-virus, though useful, was thought to be too chaotic because it created monsters with subpar intelligence that were too difficult to control. though hunters advanced on this slightly, and they did have some intelligence, this was limited solely to 30 commands. and thus they did not match the human-like intelligence that the company was seeking. Umbrella wish to create mutations that were fully cognitive and ones that could follow orders. so they spent countless amounts of money on their R&amp;D in order to refine that process. nemesis is the way that he is purely because he was created through the multiple failings that came before, in which umbrella learned from their mistakes and improved their mutations. whether it's Lisa Trevor, the hunters tyrant or mr. X, they were all stepping stones on the chain of evolution to get to the Nemesis. the creature is named after the goddess of vengeance in Greek mythology. and it has made several terrifying appearances in video games of the heirs. the Nemesis t-type itself was created in umbrellas Europe number six laboratory in September 1998. the corporation had the goal of selling it to the US. Army. and the creature is the culmination of several decades of work. when first attempting to make bio weapons, the biggest problem initially was that the beasts were too difficult to control cell. they developed a parasitic organism that would latch onto the brain of the monster, and this would hijack their systems and allow for them to be managed. human test subjects were used, which were then advanced into tyrant models. and there were several stages of the process before Umbrella locked it down. the scientists realized that when the any a parasite was placed within a t 103 host, that the nemesis creature would spawn from this, and his highly intelligent being would be an asset in their arsenal. though a number of Nemesis creatures were created, predominantly in this video, were going to be focusing on the one from the game. however, it should be noted that in the lab, two of the t types developed ego and self-awareness and did try to escape the grounds. now, who the nemesis mutated from is still up in the air. however, there are a number of theories from the film depictions of the character. it's often romanticized that he's tied directly to stars and the main cast of characters themselves. whilst he could quite easily be a regular unknown. I think my favorite theory is that it is Billy Cohen from Resident Evil 0. we learn in Resident Evil 0 that Wesker and William Birkin were both looking over belly, and he's never returned to the series. after the parting ways with Rebecca chambers at the end of the game, Rebecca would go on to the mansion, as we learned, and Billie fled into the forest, which we also know was full of monsters and likely the watchful eyes of umbrella. chambers did file a false report upon returning to Raccoon City that stated Cohen was dead and that they had been forced to leave his body behind. and since then, he's completely disappeared off the face of the earth. Wesker has been known to use people in his sick experiments, and he's often kept files on them. due to barely surviving the incident, his combat skills and being presumed dead, he would make the perfect person to be experimented on. I believe that when Billy fled into the forest, he was picked up by the forces of umbrella, and this is why we've never seen him again. from here, he was transformed into the Nemesis. and as they say, the rest is history. again, this is not going to but I do enjoy when things are tied together like that. and in my head, that's the way it played out. now, depending on which game you play depends on what story beats happened with the character. as the remake and original differ at several points. however, the overarching storyline is pretty much the same. after the virus outbreak in Raccoon City, caused by events that we learn about in Resident Evil 2, umbrella ship the Nemesis out with one mission to wipe out all members of stars. this is because they wanted to bring an end to their investigations and attempts to oust the company. moles and agents within their organization were instructed to record the combat skills of the creature in order to verify its application in military usage. and this was carried out predominantly by nicolai. umbrella wanted to demonstrate its ability to recognize and track specific targets. it was also given access to a number of weapons, including a rocket launcher and, in later versions, of flamethrower. this would showcase its ability to handle firearms. and overall, the entire fall of Raccoon City was seen by umbrella as an opportunity to collect data on their next product. now, depending on what version you play, nemesis was successful in wiping out certain members of stars. it did kill Brad Vickers in the original however, this was changed for the remake, which personally, I didn't like, just because then I think it makes the creature look like it wasn't that good in the end. but in both versions of the game and the Nemesis talked Jill Valentine and attacked her every opportunity. however, Jill managed to best at several times. and the parasite began to secrete chemicals into the body that caused it to mutate further. this made it harder, better, faster, Daft Punk. and it eventually caught up to Jill and infected her with the t-virus. fortunately, Jill's a lie, Carlos, was able to save her. and in the original, the monster then turned its attention to him whilst she recovered. when Jill was back on her feet, the creature went back to hunting her on Carlos. in the original game, they made their way to umbrellas incineration disposal plant, whereas in the remake, they ventured to the nest to both had facilities for dumping bio waste. and in the depths of the location, Jill oh and head to head with the Beast. after beating it another time, it mutated into a hideous, gigantic blob, and Jill was able to find vanquish it using an experimental rail cannon that completely decimated it. in the remake, this wiped it out. but in the original, gel finish it off with a couple more Magnum blasts. gel and Carlos made their escape and were rescued by a helicopter, whilst the city and the remains of the creature were completely wiped out. this ended the story of the monster, though it wouldn't be the last time that we saw it. now before we get into the rest of the video, I just wanna let you know we're giving away a free copy of the Star Wars Skywalker saga box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in when the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the game in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of April, and the cell be shipped out from the inter baguettes the prize, it's the best of luck that everyone who takes part. now, though nemesis was killed in the destruction of Raccoon City, he's also made other appearances in video games. if a player failed to complete a level within the time limit on Resident Evil survivor 2, Code, Veronica, longest title ever, then the villain would show up and chase them. players could unlock an extra mode under the right conditions that would allow them to go face-to-face with the monster, who would be equipped with the rocket launcher. in Resident Evil II Umbrella Chronicles, the game recreated aspects of our e3, and in that Nemesis chases Jill throughout it. the nemesis also appears as a playable character and Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 and Marvel vs. Capcom infinite. in this storyline, he's been captured by MODOK and reprogrammed to do his bidding. nemesis fights off against Chris Redfield in the game, and makes for a great character to use the bash the Hulk's head in with nemesis 2 appears in Resident Evil operation Raccoon City, and is a key mission which ties back to the original. the game tasks players with finding a parasite to repair the nemesis with. once they have this, they have to defeat the monster and then inject it. this kind of rat cons a lot of the original story and actually has players being the ones that inject the monster with the parasite that wants to hunt down the stars. this song makes it so that there were two consciousnesses within the Beast, and the second one was the one that we faced up against in the original game. now whether you like that or not, it's entirely up to you. but that everything you need to know about the nemesis. it really took me back down memory lane researching this. and I hope you had a great time watching the video. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the nemesis. and if you enjoyed the remake or not, comment below and let me know. and if you like this video, then please give a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our full breakdown of the ending and post credits scene, which is going to be linked after this, we go over the final few scenes and discuss the news of Resident Evil 8. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more, if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at Definition YT click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers. so hopefully we see over there very soon. [Music]. 