so I was rewatching nymphomaniac volume to a Netflix. for whatever reason, started playing this obscure little thriller called radius that has nothing to do with math, but I thought it was a solid streebek because of the premise. it got me intrigued too, got me into it, and then I left me hanging like a girl on a first date. let me explain. so there's a car crash that happens right at the beginning of this movie. and this dude right here wakes up not knowing anything. he doesn't know he got there. he doesn't know his name. he doesn't know his favorite Marvel movie, nada. luckily, he has his wallet, which, you know, I like that. smart characters. so he figures out his name and where he lives. problem is that this dude realizes that anyone who comes within 50 feet of him dead, hence the name radius. get it? these guys just trust falls straight down, their eyes turning to store him. and my guy just looks around going, he realizes this when he starts testing out on birds, which i think is a genius idea. sucks for the birds. but after committing more foul play than Hitchcock does in his movie, he comes across this woman who comes with in his 50 feet, but doesn't die. you know, you know, she should learn not to invade people's personal space. she too woke up not knowing absolutely anything, but was actually in his car that was crashed on the side of the road. they quickly realized that as long as they're together, no one's gonna die like this poor cop right here. but I'm going to assume that, since he's killing everything that's alive around him, that the insects that he comes across are just, you know, falling, we don't see them, that the grass and the trees take a little bit longer to whittle so like, within the week, or probably end of the month, this entire place is gonna look like California on a good day. but after they go through their adventures, they have a cool little elevator scene. there's this like, accidental massacre that, you know, happens. they find the girl's husband due to a radio interview that he does, and the guy just joins them. here's the thing, while I love the premise of the movie, right, I was digging it. I was all in. it's great, but there's a certain point where you kind of just wonder why, especially when they keep saying this rot the movie. look, I know it sounds risky, but I need to figure out what this thing is. so at a certain point, I'm sitting there going, actually, yeah, how would they actually explain this this? is there actually a backstory to this, or is this just crazy movie writing? well, it turns out that my man over here is Ted Bundy. he just didn't know it. Jay actually had a twin sister, and this dude kidnapped tossed her body in the lake. and she ends up going crazy looking for her. nobody listens to her, so she decides to jump off a bridge so she can meet her in the afterlife. and this guy's sweet talks her from killing herself so he can kill her anyway as he kidnaps her. the serial killer doesn't know how to stiff arm well, so they get into a crash, and that's when this happens. I guess Zeus had it out for them and wanted them to learn a lesson. I mean, the last dude who got electrocuted, like, discovered electricity. but these two get electrocuted, and they give us a decent Netflix movie. if I were to guess, the purpose of it, right? like, if there was a meaning to it, I would say it's kind of like Freaky Friday, you know how that doesn't actually make sense. but it's like this cosmic thing that happens in order for them to learn a lesson. they switch bodies in order for them to be able to appreciate each other. and in this one, this guy gets zapped in order to learn his lesson about killing people. that radius' death circle thing, you know, can be seen as a metaphor that, you know, he's a serial killer, so the people who get too close to him, they end up dying. the girl's journey would be like a restart of sorts, and she tries to get her justice. and the killer realizes by the end of it that, you know, his murderous ways are a little bit off. so he asked themselves, teaching us all we're viewing this movie, that the best way for a criminal to learn their lesson is by electrocuting them, or that's just capital punishment. thank you guys for checking out this movie. as always, I'm curious to know your thoughts down below. there's a bunch of Netflix movies out there. there's like a whole list. so if there's a specific one you want me to cover, let me know down below. if you have any other theories. like I said, for me it's a, you know, it's a metaphor. the serial killer, things around them, they die. cool movie. I love the elevator scene. other than that, yeah, the ending really has created super quick other than that, let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and you too can get your own Netflix original movie. 