she was a beautiful girl. every man was attracted by this beauty. her name was emma. emma was the daughter of the rancher. she was beautiful and intelligent. she was raised properly in the girls school. she was about to be married because her father had arranged a marriage for her. her fiance was a rural doctor. the two met when he cured her father. before getting married, emma prayed to god. she wished her husband was as perfect as in a lyrical novel. luckily, everything was fine. that doctor was a good man. their wedding took place happily. emma was officially the doctor's wife, mrs bovary. tomorrow, emma had to follow the doctor and left this place. when imagining a future life, emma was both frightened and hopeful about a future as dreamy and magical as novels. she did not want to leave her father. after the mother died, father and daughter considered each other as life. now she had to live in another place. of course, she didn't want to leave. the doctor's family was not rich, but also not poor. his family had a maid. emma didn't need to do anything because she was just married. emma always wanted her husband to be with her. but her husband was a doctor. during the day he was busy with his patients. and only until evening did he have time to share with emma. every day, emma had nothing to do. in the evening, she heard her husband talk about his work as a doctor. emma was not interested, and was even a bit disgusting and nauseous. her life kept repeating like that. the arrival of a merchant broke emma's peaceful life. he heard that the doctor married a beautiful wife, so he deliberately visited the doctor's house every week. he went to big city to pick up the goods. so he owned many interesting and rare treasures. they all had value. emma tried on a yellow scarf. the scarf glittered like stars on her shoulder. she could not afford to buy such expensive scarf, so she found a reason to refuse. he noticed her regretful expression. he left her some trendy magazines and a book about fabric. he said to emma, if she didn't have enough money, she could think about getting a mortgage. the doctor's credit rating was so high, they could give emma whatever she want. after that, he left. but emma still thought about what he said. the doctor took her for a walk around and introduced her to a few local officials. but this couldn't make up for her boring life. her husband only studied medicine, took care of patients. the interests of them were not the same. the distance was getting bigger. in contrast, the tax collector only met emma once, but loved her. when the doctor was out, he came to his house and invited emma to go for a walk with him. their relationship was increasingly close. even gave rise to thoughts beyond morality. emma was a married woman, so she still decided to refuse the love of the tax collector. after that, he also left the countryside and went to the big city. after a period of contact with another man, new emotions were constantly springing up in emma's thoughts. gradually she realized that the boring days were not what she wanted. she hated the repetition. emma was deeply disappointed with her married life, but she did not know who to confide in, and had to use wine to refresh. she started to change every day. she read the book that the dealer left behind. she loved the costumes and motifs mentioned in them. she wished to go. so after participating in activities with the elite, emma did not want to return to normal life as before. the servant's outfit must be individually designed. curtains were also completely replaced. candle bases also replaced with gold soles, dress and jewelry. she bought everything. she could not control her shopping aspirations. she wore a newly bought red dress to meet the marquee. someone surreptitiously gave the letter to her. that made her extremely curious. she made up a reason to go out and appeared in the warehouse, as shown in the letter. she met the marquis who wanted to be emma's mistress. but emma couldn't get over her moral limit. she declined his offer. she said they could only be friends. but after refusing, she regretted. she made an excuse to return the cigarette box to go to the marquis house. she told her story. before getting married, she dreamed of a beautiful life, but life now deeply disappointed her. she did not want to be boring and invisible anymore. she chose to break the fragile moral precepts at the same time the doctor was treating the patient's leg, didn't have free time to pay attention to her. if the surgery was successful, that rural doctor would be famous. his career would be developed dramatically. emma hoped her husband would be successful. but during the surgery, her husband made a small mistake. she blamed him for ruining her future life. she found the marquee begged him to take her out of here. the marquis just wanted to make fun of her. he didn't take this relationship seriously, so he sneaked away. he only left her a letter and a gift box. emma knew she was being hoaxed. she was heartbroken, in despair. the husband thought his wife had a strange illness, but didn't know the real cause of her depression. the merchant saw this and took out an invitation. said he had a cure for emma. that invitation was for special guests to the solo concert. emma could wear fluffy dresses and jewelry to fulfill her wish to go to the big city become a guest of the prestigious show. because he wanted emma to be happy. the doctor was always besides her. they accidentally met the tax collector leon. now he was a lawyer at a law office in the city. he often went to the theater. he invited emma and her husband for another one tomorrow. emma was very excited, but the husband said it made no sense. tomorrow morning he would go back to the countryside. if emma wanted to stay here, she could come back later. the innocence of the husband awakened the demon inside emma. she chose to stay. had fun with leon one day. of course, they had an affair. after returning home, she discovered her husband was very depressed because his father had passed away. emma painfully comforted her husband. but at this moment, the merchant appeared. emma's debt grew more and more. it was time she had to repay. he knew the doctor's father was dead. he would inherit a large piece of land. if he entrusted the land to emma, it could extend the repayment period. for emma, of course, everything had a limit. if she did not pay the debt on time, they would lost everything. she hastily disposed of the expensive costumes and jewelry. she planned to return most of the goods she bought and found the tax collector. hoped he can help her, but he was only a lawyer apprentice in the city. he quickly kicked her away. the debt was more than 10 000 francs. they could not afford to repay the debt. the merchant and the court confiscated their house. the marquee was back. emma ran over to ask him for help, but he said he had no money and bluntly rejected her. now emma knew the men who said they loved her only wanted her body. the only one who volunteered to help her was her husband. but it was too late. the court had issued a verdict. they would have all their property confiscated. emma was devastated and desperate. chose to take the poison to kill herself. because he loved his wife so much. the doctor also passed away, left the only daughter for his mother to take care of. emma is a brave girl. she dares to follow the command of her heart. she yearns for love and the feeling is a lover. when the marquee confessed, she exclaimed, i have a lover, a lover. she was thrilled in happiness. she must be loved if she is not. she is just an insane physical body. but in the end, she was only chasing a fleeting dream. after all, she had only one way out, which was death. only death can help her get rid of a tragedy, and her sensitive heart and fiercely loving soul can suffer a harsh reality. bovary character, bavaria's mate, becomes an idiom in the french language, about the limp between the romantic illusion and the crude mediocrity of life. emma actually died from a fantasy love affair all her life 