fantastic beasts. ooh. the crimes of Grindelwald has finally been released upon the Wizarding World. similar to all of the films from the Harry Potter universe, there's a lot to unpack from the movie. and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything you need to know about fantastic beasts. - there will be heavy spoilers, so if you haven't seen the film, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. for everyone else, I'm definition welcome to the channel where I ruin it so you don't have to. the first question you may have when entering the theater is, should I stick around after the credits? unfortunately, crimes of Grindelwald doesn't have a post-credits scene, so there's no need to stick around after the credits start rolling. the movie itself picks up with Grindelwald escaping custody and recruiting new followers to his course. that cause is to raise a new group of pure blooded wizards and witches to rule over the non magical beans that inhabit the world. there are clear allusions to the Nazi agenda, such as the Aryan race that Hitler tried to create, and I absolutely loved that the film is laced with political subtext and highlights towards the dangers that a raising diversity could lead to. realizing. this is Albus Dumbledore, and he unless former student newt to help him to Walker in the waltz plans. but those who aren't caught up in the first fantastic beasts film, and you to help the capture Grindelwald. so this clearly bad blood between the two. or you could say mud blood, mud blood. no, no, doesn't really work. the reason that Dumbledore can't go after Grindelwald himself is because the two used to be lovers, and they made a Blood Pact. this stops them from killing their opposite. or you could say, love, blood, love. I'll stop altogether without now juxtaposing. this is Grindelwald who recruits credence to go after Dumbledore, much in the same way that Dumbledore recruits a newt. by the film's end, we get arguably one of the biggest twists in Harry Potter history. we learn that credence is, in fact, of the Dumbledore bloodline. this comes as a huge shock, as many believed him to be other strange, but fantastic beasts to clears this up and confirms that he's actually arraylist Dumbledore. whilst this is pretty much confirmed by the appearance of a Phoenix, there's actually another theory behind this reveal that stay and on the rolling library website, which says this could be a lie, told by Grindelwald to convince credence to go after Albus Dumbledore. after all, we know that Grindelwald is seductive and manipulative. he could be lying to credence as he did before. and if you watch the film again, note that Abernathy and rose here changed the Lestrange archives in the French Ministry and put them in the Lestrange family mausoleum. we don't know if they modified them, they could have hidden something important about credence s identity. also, when Grimson is talking to Grindelwald below the bridge, he says he killed the woman as if that's an order. why? probably because the half-elf woman knew the truth about Creedence, and she could have become a dangerous loose end. whilst there are several plot holes in this, mainly to do with the timeline, ignoring all of them, it's actually a redeeming moment for the character of Creedence, as he wants a family more than anything. whilst I know it seems obvious, the question Grindelwald motives for why he would reveal what he has revealed the Creedence to me and make sense. credence is the black sheep of the family and will probably bear a lot of it world is more successful sibling. this rage and jealousy would ultimately eat him down a darker path that should he succeed in destroying his brother, and spoiler alert, he does, and it would drive him fully onto the path of becoming a dark wizard, all will be revealed in the sequels, I'm sure. but for now, we must theorize how things will go moving forward and what path the future will take characters on. so what are your thoughts on the crimes of Grindelwald? do you agree with the critics, or did you enjoy the film? and what do you think of credence is true identity? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please make sure you check out my breakdown of this weekend's other big boobie widows. this is the channel for people who were mad about movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like. hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 