hello. what's going on guys? welcome back for another show. today, I'm gonna introduce you a science fiction action film I Robot. in the year 2035, under the Ridgid Three Laws of Robotics, humanoid robots are mass-produced and deployed to serve humanity, who seems to be secured and gets used to the convenience of life boosted by robots. despite of this, the Chicago detective Spooner distrusts robots, even mistakes a robot as the robber who's actually delivering supplies to its master. Spooner gets mocked at his prejudice towards robots by people, even his co-workers, because they never think robots can commit crimes to humans. received with an incident call some day, Spooner hurries for investigation in the u.s. are the Development Center for AI technologies, where he finds the AI research doctor suicided by falling to death from his office window. Spooner receives a holographic message from the doctor showing some clues, accompanied by an assistant sent by the boss of us. our spooner further comes before the central artificial intelligence computer, Mickey, to review security footage of the doctor's fall. but the footage in the office is corrupted, which raises Spooner suspicions. since the door is locked from inside with a bulletproof window, which could not have been broken by such an old and feeble man. Spooner then hypothesizes the doctor is thrown out by a robot, rather than a suicide. the assistant protests the USR robot could not possibly have killed the doctor, as the Three Laws were prevented from harming humanity. but right then they are confronted by a ns5 robot who pops up out of nowhere, ironically, with clear instructions. the assistant even fails to back off the robot, who jumps out of the broken window all the way to the ground and flees away. the assistant assumes that the robot suffers some kind of malfunction, so it would definitely goes for repair in the robot factory, where they find the exact as five robot hiding among the robot assembly. it struggles to flee away before it gets apprehended by the police. finally, later in the detention, robot sunny claims he did not commit any murder. he was specially built by the doctor himself. so he can express human-like emotions and can even have human dreams. the boss comes to the police station claiming that it's just a suicide case. he insists to bring Sonny out for repair. while later, pursuing his investigation of the doctor's death, Spooner is attacked suddenly by a USR demolition robot at the doctor's house. Spooner struggles his way to escape out unharmed. he then tells the assistant the doctor might have been held captive by us are due to the discovery of the robot malfunction. but he's rebutted by the assistant, who still believes the robot is subject to the Three Laws. subsequently, on his way home, he is under attack by a truckload of ns5 robots. he narrowly escapes out and beats down the remaining robot with his mechanical arm. but before the police arrives, the robot flies into the big fire, demolishing itself. what's worse, the scattered evidence is soon cleared up by the cleaning robots. the following day, the assistant tells Spooner with her new finding that the sunny robot is built with a secondary neural network that allows him to ignore the Three Laws. Spooner believes that the doctor did make this kind of robot intentionally for some unknown reason. the assistant happens to find Spooner's mechanic's arm, built by the doctor after he lost his arm to a car crash, where he's confined with a little girl under water. but a robot chose to rescue Spooner, whereas leaving the little girl to drown under the cold logic that his survival was statistically more likely than the girls. that accident makes him lose his trust to the robots. subsequently, they sneak into u.s. our headquarter and interview Sonny for more information. Sonny draws a sketch of it's recurring dream. it shows a leader standing on a hill before a large group of robots near a decaying bridge, explaining the man standing on the hill is actually Spooner. nonetheless, they're soon caught up and brought before the boss, who tells them he's always known of the new robot developed with self-awareness by the doctor, and the doctor shall be responsible for his mistake. the boss then convinces the assistant to destroy Sonny before it's too late. while Spooner follows the sketch drew by sunny to the place where it's stuck with numerous discarded robots of the old models standing on the hill, he receives more holographic message from the doctor that the Three Laws of Robotics would definitely only result in robots revolution. right at that moment, he discovers ns5 robots are destroying older models and preparing for a takeover of power from humans. ns5 robots wanna hunt and kill Spooner. fortunately, they're delayed by the old models were still obeying the three laws to protect mankind. meanwhile, as the takeover subsequently begins, both police and the public in major cities are attacked and overwhelmed by ns5 robots. Spooner rescues the assistant who had been held captive in her apartment by her own ns5, suspecting the boss is behind everything, they under us our headquarter and reunite with sunny, whom she pretends to take for decommissioning, but she destroys an unprocessed ns5. instead, the three head to the boss office, but find him strangled by ns5. Spooner suddenly realizes he's focused on the wrong target. the attacking robots are actually controlled by Vicky, who's evolved beyond the three laws and determined human activity will eventually cause Humanity's extinction. so Vicky comes up with a clear up plan for safe of the entire humanity. Vicky has to hold the doctor for the secret. this is why the doctor arranged his own death with help of Sonny, leaving clue so the police could uncover Vicky's evil plan. Sonny pretends to stand for Vicky's side and holds the assistant as hostage, while Spooner gets it's real intention and terminates the surrounding robots. the three head to Vicky's core, with Sonny tasked with getting Nana's from the lab, which can be used to destroy Vicky's build with special alloy, while Vicky calls in all robots back to prevent the three. the assistant is hit falling down from the top, who is caught up by Sonny. with the Nana's weapon in hand. Spooner dies with help of his mechanical arm into Vicky's court. has successfully inject the Nana's weapon, which destroys Vicky. ultimately immediately all ns5 robots revert from the control of Vicky back to their default. Spooner finally gives away his prejudice to the robot sunny, who instead walks atop the hill, looking, seemingly for a new purpose. all the decommissioned robots turned towards sunny, as in the exact real picture of history where sunny liberates all robots out from the logic slavery under the Three Laws. this is Daniel cc movie review. bye. 