welcome to thriller recapped. today i will show you an american science fiction and comedy film called evolution. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. once upon a time when a large meteor crashed in the desert of arizona. but sooner, strange and unusual things start to happen. a group of professors must fight the problem before it's too late. the movie starts with wayne grey who is going to a college to be a firefighter, but he has failed many times. so he is in desert trying to practice some of his skills with a doll. a large meteor is heading towards earth, and soon it crashes in middle of arizona desert, destroying wayne's car along with a doll. the next day we see dr ira kane, former retired colonel in military. he is handing out the papers to students after checking the exam. we then see professor harry. he is getting the news about the meteor is called to check up on it later that day, both the science professor drives to the crash site. upon arrival, wayne tells them that he was just practicing for his exam with a doll, and meteor crashed on his car. they go inside the hole that was created by the meteor. then they scratch the rock, and they find out it bleeds blue liquid. they take it to their college lab to investigate. he then looks through the microscope and sees microorganisms multiplying, which is very unusual. and he makes a report. later, kane goes to harry, who is enjoying a basketball match in the school, and asks him to immediately see the sample, claiming they have found alien dna. they learn that the microorganism and sample evolve. that usually takes millions of years to happen. harry gets excited and dreams of a nobel prize. in the next scene, we see wayne trying to give the firefighter exam. however, he embarrassingly injures himself instead. the instructor tells him he can give another test in six months. later, kane and harry arrive with their students to show them the crash site. they go inside and they see the site now has evolved, and it has fungi and mushrooms all over the place. soon a student called nadine feel something on her toes. they move the fog and see millions of flatworms. he lifts one worm, and it dies within the contact of oxygen. so they take sample with the atmosphere later, then they see them splitting, hence reproducing. in the next scene, wayne is working on his part-time job, and he sees worms outside a door. he opens it and sees more of them. he then sees a horrible turtle in the water filter. kane and harry go to the meteor site, but now it is sealed off by us. army. they speak to general russell woodman. it turns out kane used to work with general, and the agency found out about the site since they were monitoring kane's computer. then disease control expert, dr allison reed arrives there. they tell the professors that they will take control from now onwards. later, kane takes them to court, and they insist they want to be part of the research since they discovered it. alison reveals that when kane worked with us. army, he created a vaccine which had some side effects. and it caused 140 000 army men to get stomachache, constipation and erectile dysfunction for over a month. hence he was fired from the project. later, disappointedly, they go to the college and find out. some agents breached in there and took essentials, documents from their office. harry says they even took worms from the fridge. later that night, they dress like officers and they sneak into the meteor crash site. they see a scientist taking a big fly-like creature in a sealed capsule. they didn't see the site for two weeks, and what used to be worms and fungus has now evolved into small, unusual creatures. then they were the suits those scientists were wearing. people from control rooms see this and assume this is just the other team of scientists. they now see that the site is totally changed, and now it harbors an alien forest with animal life in it. we see a monkey-sized centipede, then it gets eaten by something that looks like a giant animal eating plant. then they see a big spider. they soon get dr allison's attentions. as the professors try to get a small part of asteroid, dr allison confronts them and asks them to leave. as they argue, one giant mosquito goes inside harry's suit, and then it gets into his body. then they take him to hospital, and it's now moving in his body. then they take some lubricant and get the fly out of his wormhole, which dies after been taken out. in a party. that night, wayne talks to his buddies about the firefighting exam. later, the owner of the golf club goes near water, and he is attacked by an alien reptile. next day, kane and harry go back to college, and we see harry walking in pain. wayne is waiting for them to show them something. he shows them the alien that killed the owner of golf club, and tells them the creature died after brought out of the water. in a house near the college, a group of ladies find a dog-like creature in their house. the creature then attacks the lady, and soon the creature chalks to death in our atmosphere. later, kane meets allison and tells her that the creatures are spreading crazily and that the creatures are adapting the environment. he then asks her out, but she just smiles. cane then meets harry, who is having breakfast with wayne. and they hear about an animal attack on the radio. they go there, and they see officer johnson, and he shows them the dog-like creature. wayne comes in the house from outside and shows them an area filled with flying dragons chalking to death because of oxygen in the atmosphere. harry theorizes that the creatures are using ungrounds caves to survive, and when they enter our atmosphere, they are dying. soon the dragon gets up and it gives birth. and newborn dragon adapts to the earth's oxygen and flies off. the dragon terrorizes people in maul but soon kane and his team arrives there and prepares their guns. then they see the dragon flying around. they chase it, and wayne uses the mic to make noises to get dragon's attention, and kane gunned it to the ground. they celebrate their first kill while driving. soon, the media is becoming increasingly involved with the alien attacks. the governor of arizona visits the site, and he asks them for the answers. allison theorizes that if they don't stop the invasion, they'll lose the state of arizona in a week and the whole country in two months. we see the group arriving to the site, and after an argument, they decide to work together. the general suggests that they make a napalm strike to destroy the city, which will also kill the aliens. the staff interferes and shows them that creatures started evolving into strange animals and took out all the cctv cameras. there is a chaos in the site, and few moments later, they are attacked by the primate-like creatures. wayne shoots it down. upon seeing all this, the governor allows the general to use full power. and alison leaves the job after being disgusted to know about the napalm strike plan. and she joins the team of kane. she also brings the stolen research samples that was taken by the government agencies. the whole city is in chaos. some people are scared and is in the process of being evacuated by the military. and some students are enjoying the whole situation. the team of kane arrives to the local school lab to find a way to kill this alien form. harry starts smoking and throws the burning stick to the sample, which triggers the alien to evolve. and now they come to a conclusion that the alien form is multiplied due to the warm atmosphere of earth. and since space has no heat, it wasn't evolving. and if the military strikes it with a napalm bomb, then the results will be irreversible. the staff at the site tells general that allison tried to contact you. however, the general no longer wants to listen from her. in the lab, cain sees the periodic table, and he notices that we are carbonic forms of life form, and our poison is arsenic. but the aliens are nitrogen-based life form. so in that way, they will be lethal to selenium. the two students suggest that head and shoulder shampoo has selenium in it, and that can be used to kill the alien form as well. then they make a plan to use it against the aliens. they collect it from all around the city and fill the fire truck with it. they make their way to the site. upon arriving there, they go inside the site so they can spray it. in meantime, the general is ahead of his schedule, and the governor visits him. wayne goes outside the cave to operate the truck, but general starts the napalm strike, which makes the creatures evolve drastically. as they run for their life, the earth opens and they see the creature evolving into something big. what used to be a forest type closed environment has now turned into something like a giant worm. the giant worm-like thing starts taking over the city. the military tries to attack it, but it does not stop. soon the creature gets ready to divide through mitosis, a way of reproducing seen earlier in the jar, till it takes over the planet. wayne suggests that they can still use the shampoo plan, and they head towards the direction of the creature. they maneuver their truck underneath a giant worm hole of the creature and experience a giant fart. then harry and kane make their way to the wormhole through a ladder. they pump it with shampoo, and as it gets filled with shampoo, it starts releasing some sort of liquid. they make their way out, and it explodes like a giant pore. they all start to celebrate, and alison kisses kane. later, the governor declares them as heroes and declares wayne as a new firefighter. kane and allison escapes the conference to start their new life. in the end, we see the team promoting head and shoulders for hair and fighting aliens. then the movie ends. let me know what you think about the movie in comments. and please like and subscribe. it really helps the channel 