a young boy contracted a strange disease. eating drinking and living activities must be in a bubble. the boy's name is jimmy. since childhood, he has had a very poor immune system. he always stay in the hospital ward from the moment of birth. when he was four years old, his parents could take him home. in order to grow up healthy, his parents made him a sterilized dome in his bedroom. all of his activities, like eating, drinking or going to the toilet, take place in that room. friends of the same age tease him, but jimmy happily grows up, until one day he saw a girl named chloe. jimmy was attracted to her immediately. since then, he has always watched chloe's every action. he's angry with himself because he was not like a normal person. chloe's friends always laugh at jimmy. however, chloe still went to jimmy's house to play with him. she was amazed at the thing in jimmy's house. the two feel very well together, and they become good friends. they sing and play together. the relationship of both are increasingly stable. on chloe's birthday, she wants jimmy gave her as a kiss, but the bubble is a barrier that stops the two of them. chloe wants jimmy to open the bubble for her to come in, but jimmy fears that will kill himself. so he refused chloe's request. because of that, the two's relationship is no longer as close as before. not long after that, chloe had a boyfriend. jimmy stood upstairs and saw the two kissing on the street. he feels great pain. he was quiet down to depression. then chloe came to tell jimmy that she was married and asked him what he thought. jimmy coldly chased her away. jimmy also returned the gift that chloe gave him earlier. chloe's heart broke. she left a farewell gift for him and left. after chloe went, jimmy opened the gift. it has the words, i love you on it. he finally understood chloe's feelings. jimmy decided to find a way to go to chloe's wedding in los angeles to prevent her marriage. he made his own mobile bubble suit that is movable. then while his parents were sleeping, he sneaked out from home jimmy went to buy a bus ticket. the ticket seller found him bizarre, so he didn't sell the tickets to him. while crossing the street, he was not careful to be hit by a bus. everyone got off the bus to see what happened. jimmy told his story. everyone agreed to take jimmy with them on the bus. everyone was happily singing and dancing. these overly enthusiastic friends gave him an identical notebook. they turned out to be a cult that was on a pilgrimage towards enlightenment. jimmy was thrown out of the bus while asking for directions. their cult is led by a godfather. they found jimmy as the person they were looking for. extremely surprised, jimmy's parents discovered he was missing, immediately reported to the police. after that, they set out to find their lost son. at this time, jimmy met a man who was having a motorbike breakdown. jimmy helped him fix his moto. the man, in return, should take jimmy go with him. after arriving in the city, the man took him to a bar to play. and it was extremely bustling. that made jimmy extremely excited, but he decided not to waste his time playing here. he found a bicycle to keep going. on the way, he suddenly met his parents. his parents were deeply moved, so they accidentally crashed into jimmy, causing the bubble to fly with him into a train. in the train, he met a circus the circus master is a small man who collects freaks and shows them off to the public for money. when jimmy told his boss about his intentions, he laughed and recruited jimmy to his show. he also said, chloe will never be by his side. jimmy furiously kicked him away. then jimmy went to a restaurant. everyone considered him a monster and locked him up. during the chaos, alcohol spilled and everything caught fire. jimmy felt he was going to burn. at this time, an indian man came and saved jimmy. he even let jimmy sit on his ice cream truck to go on the way. he did not carefully bump into a cow, and he died. he assumed that the cow died due to disease and should give birth to it. jimmy is forced to continue on foot, while looking for his son. jimmy's parents met a small man at the circus. jimmy's mother mistakes him for a child and brings along with them to save time. jimmy wants to call a taxi to go, but he has no money to earn. jimmy goes into a chinese casino nearby and enters our mouth wrestling competition for a prize of 500 jimmy finally won that prize. after going out, jimmy met the people on the cult bus again. they are going to take him away, but luckily, the taxi driver helped jimmy escape. on the way, he tried to call chloe to tell her of his success, but only to reach her fiance mark. he said chloe was sympathetic, so she made friends with jimmy and rudely convinces him that chloe doesn't really love him. jimmy finished listening, then he's so desperated he sat sadly on the street. after that, jimmy's parents finally found out him through the information of the small man. they are about to come back to their house. jimmy's father saw jimmy's sad eyes and decided to let him to continue his mission. when his mother was not there. jimmy got a favor to go by plane to chloe's wedding. in the crucial moment of the wedding, jimmy pushed the door open. jimmy removes his bubble suit and kissed chloe. jimmy then collapses and seemingly dies in everyone's lookings. jimmy woke up. jimmy's mother confesses that actually his illness was cured at this age of four. they locked jimmy in a room because they wanted to protect him. well, jimmy finally successfully took chloe away. not long after that, jimmy and chloe got married. all of jimmy's new friends attended. jimmy feels very happy. the movie ends here. you see, no matter how difficult your way is, just bravely follow you will reach your truly love. thank you for watching. follow my page to watch more film review. you. 