with the new trailer for once upon a Deadpool seeing release, I thought I'd break down everything that you need to know about the upcoming film's release. I've compiled all of the information that I could find on the film to let you know before you go in what to expect. there may be slight spoilers here, so if you don't want to know anything yet, then I suggest that you turn off now. but everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. okay, so the first thing that you should know about once upon a Deadpool is that it's actually a recur of Deadpool - in order to fit a pg-13 rating. Ryan Reynolds stated that this was because Fox have been asking for a pg-13 version of the character for a long time, and that the studio were willing to pay a large amount of the proceedings to charity, that charity being fudge cancer. the film itself features eight new scenes, with some that massively pay homage to the Princess Bride. this is why Fred Savage stars as the main person, playing off the Merc with a mouth. Savage was the original star of The Princess Bride, so it makes sense to cast him here. the film is set as a bedtime story, with Deadpool recounting the detail to savage as we listen to events play out. the movie is rumored to be Disney's Way of testing the war up for how they will move forward and incorporating the character into their MCU franchise. the movie is also set to release in China, which I believe that Deadpool 2 did not. it makes a lot of sense to do this, as China was missed, and obviously the country holds a lot of weight in the foreign market. so no, we won't be getting a totally new film. and those who already own the super duper car of Deadpool 2 may see this as a waste of money. but hey, it's for charity, so I guess it's not all bad. so what are your thoughts on once upon a Deadpool? are you excited to see the film, and will you be revisiting theaters upon its release? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then make sure you like it and check out my review of Deadpool - super duper Kirk, which will be linked at the end of this video. this is the channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 