before we begin, let me start by saying, i don't think this move is that wholesome. it's rife with murder, kidnapping and cannibalism. lord jesus, no wonder i society going to hell in a hand who basket. of our movie today are the woman who loves three-year-olds, who can juggle while singing taylor swift songs, who rack up 52 million views on youtube, captain barbosa, nobody loves robert, the director of the damn movie. and the green goblin blade. a story begins with these two parents who clearly ain't read what to expect. while you're expecting, marlon and coral are moving into their new house, they probably mortgage, and they're expecting about 400 babies in a few days, because nobody makes condoms for fish. and carl says, i want to name one nemo. get it, cause they're about twenty thousand leaves under the sea. so mine starts making his wife laugh. get it cause he's a clownfish. then, out of nowhere, gets the funny knocks out of him and black out. so marla wakes up from his nap, deadbeat, lazy, and finds out his wife and all 400 of his babies got ate. we'll make that his wife and 399 of his babies raw fishing their eggs sushi and caviar. that's sick. and of course, he names his one little remaining baby fish nemo, in honor of his very recently deceased, eight late wife. and nemo is a little damaged. as if the job of a single dad ain't hot enough, now he's gotta raise a son who can only swim in a circle. well, we can't all be michael phelps. and now he's gonna send his son to a school of fish where he's going to soon learn how to what your children in school even learn these days. because i know they can't spell. i've seen them on twitter. and i know they ain't speaking proper english like me. and i know they got no taste in film, because have you seen the recent star wars movies? and because nemo is his only child, we gotta watch this poor little fish be subjected to an umbrella helicopter over protective soccer dad. imagine if all marlon's kids had got eight and this was just a movie about a clown fish with abs and a rainbow bandana. hunting barracuda the rest of his life. or imagine if it was like that gerard butler movie, and marlon strapped that barracuda to a table and hung a mirror over him and then cut off his eyelids so he had to watch his own demise. old fish don't have eyelids. fish can't close their eyes. how do they sleep? like gandalf? what the hell was i talking about? so time to meet the other dads and their douches. then nemo's new teacher shows up. his name is mr ray, i guess, because calling him sting would be too intimidating. plus they'd be expecting him to bust out a loot and sing message in a bottle. but marlon hears that the kids are being taken to the edge of the reef, and he's on his way to get all up in some teacher face. and wouldn't you know it, mullen shows up just in time before nemo was about to cave into peer pressure and something about parents being embarrassing and kids just want to be left alone because they like big butts and they cannot lie then out of nowhere, and they do that damn this. but the evil human person abducts nemo, then marlon gets brutally documented. so he chases up that boat, and one of the divers drops his scuba mask. but my favorite part is right here, where molly keeps breathing heavy like he needs air. and to dory, she's annoying as hell. she's like, you looking for a boat? hi. i'm dory. it went this way. follow me. why are you following me? who the hell are you? what are we talking about? you looking for a boat? it went this way. follow me. you know, my grandma, myself, was from memory loss. this movie offended her, but don't feel bad for her. she forgot none of nowhere. oh, this is bruce who's looking for a few good fish. he leads them through some mines and on board a sunken world war ii ship, where marlon is convinced he's about to become phallo fish. turns out this is an a.a kind of ditty where instead of swearing off booze, they've sworn off protein. vegan sharks starving on seaweed and algae salads. my mama, does that sound money so i can buy some real food. i know your dad is healthy, mama, sometimes she gas it, though. and then the sharks are all up in mylon's face, because he's a clownfish, like, tell us a joke. you know how many times a day i hear that? i know you like my jokes, mama. so they find a scuba mask, and it has some wordy words on it. and then dora acts the damn fool and gets a nosebleed. and the sharks realize they're tired of being salad shooters. and while they're hiding in the ship, dorian remembers she can read. why? i don't know, i guess because if some underwater sea creature couldn't read, this movie will be called losing nemo, as if it ain't traumatizing enough already. and then they almost die, and then they don't. so over here in the clean water full of fake leaves, little nemo is not impressed. in fact, he scared us. just remember, every time you try to impress your fish with some new colorful plastic leaves, look at this. tell me it ain't plastic. you're probably just scaring the stringy, fishy poop right out of that little nose. heaven bit. and apparently, all these years in incarceration, then throw all these fish off the deep end, get it deep end. it's like all of us after a year in quarantine. one of them's obsessed with some bubbles. another one's a germaphobe. then this one thinks her reflection is crazy. and, well, she ain't wrong. then this dentist drilling on people's faces. good luck getting your kitties into the dentist chair after watching this horror flick. then nemo finds out he's supposed to be a gift for the dentist's niece, who looks like the disney rendition of a chucky doll. then nemo gets slurped up by the aquarium filter tube thingy, and this bad angelfish, who looks like he spent most his life with the hell's angels, teaches nemo he's a doer, not a daunter. back under the sea, while nemo was trying to find a way to avoid the female chucky shake, marlon and dory are taking a little nap. and when they aren't taking a nap, they almost die, and then they don't. and then when they're done don't, they almost die, and then they don't. so dory reads the mask, which, as it turns out, is the address of the man who kidnapped nemo. and they escaped somehow. and as luck would have it, p sherman 42 wallaby way, sydney, is the only thing dory remembers. ever. convenient, i know, wait, he got eyelids, and his eyes should not be in the front of his face. but of course, he needs to look kind of human, because that's the only way disney can make you sympathize with the only protein the pope let you eat on good friday. then they have some witchcraft, voodoo seance ritual and make the child swim through some big, scary bubbles, which turns out to be absolutely nothing. i guess, when all you got to do is swim laps around a 10 cubic foot tank, you got to make your own drama. and now that nemo has proven what a brave little bit he is, they going to put his to work a child labor laws. hello. meanwhile, marlin is trying to kick dory to the curb order the coral, or wherever the hell she'll be when she ain't near him. then they get some directions from some fish to play charades, have a showdown with some jellyfish almost die, and then they don't. and both get knocked the hell out and get rescued by flying ocean salsa. and as far as them child labor laws back at p sherman 42, wallaby, way sydney go, they don't give a damn. this is gonna risk the boy's life for their own selfish needs. they're gonna send that little fish bit into the filter system with a rock in one fin and his self-worth in the other. but the plan fails, and then the little nemo was about to become that they used to make fish sticks, you know how it's all chopped up. and then they almost die, and then they don't. now, malin out here with these turtles who enjoy an occasional hit of some seaweed right in front of their tiny turrets. but they on the current that leads them right to sydney. convenient, i know. and apparently in the sea grapevine, everybody gets the story right. but if it was some dumb humans telling it, it'd end up being a story about some man hunting for some cold cuts. but the fishing birds get that straight. so nemo can know it's his dad on his way, and not some salami, so that nemo hears his daddy is actually a kind of hero, and not the stiff he thought he was. and now nemo was inspired to risk his little life. he's like, i'm coming bit so he and his friends can escape this destiny of plastic leaves and chucky children. so dory hits up a whale for directions, because marlon is too man for that. i mean, did you ever take a trip about your parents? your mama's like, i think we took a wrong turn. we should stop and ask. and your daddy that run off later, was like, i don't know where i'm going. and you end up driving on the left side of the road in tokyo. then mile and dark get ate back in the tank. the germaphobe is spazzing, and back in the belly of the well, it's like something biblical. and then the whale blows them out of his blow, which, frankly, sounds a little perverse. but the tank got clean, so their dreams of escape are dashed. but now nemo's getting bagged because chiquita is in the house. and then they almost die. and then they don't, because some pelicans are like, come with me if you want to live. and marlin arrives on the scene just in time to see nemo flush himself. and now marlon is sad and wants to ditch the fish. and dora's like me, i'm scared of everything. i'm scared of what i saw, of what i did, of who i am. and most of all, i'm scared of walking out of this room and never feeling for the rest of my whole life the way i feel when i'm with you. so did they just become friends? or did they get naked and do some dirty dance? but marlon swims off anyway. meanwhile, scorch out of the duty pipe, which probably got in dufresne in there somewhere. and door leads him to his puppet. and this right here is why i don't eat anchovies. well, australia's going hungry tonight. and now nemo almost died, but then it don't. and marlon tells him about all the cool he's done. and then they get home somehow. and then nemo goes to school, but not before he swims his little single fin tail back to give his dad a hug. and we all cry, because single parents can do all right, ain't that right, mama. [Music], be sure to like, share and subscribe to your regular swish of meth. thank you to these special muffins for sending them money every month to help me buy food and seaweed. klas eva, katrina. a bethany c, karl s, coldhole. david m christine k carrie, j elena s owanna m melaniem pgfj norah, c allison l autumn, m anonymous. bh, kelliel, marion, colorado and barney, full moon is explained for i'm jeb. i'll die. and muffins just keep swimming. 