a christmas prince the royal wedding has just dropped on Netflix. and if there's another thing that 2018 it definitely needs its another royal wedding. basically, I'm a Brit who doesn't really get the fuss with the Royals. in medieval times, sure, they used to ride horseback, fight Wars and kill their wives. but in 2018, it just seems a bit strange. the Royals, to me, are the equivalent of America suddenly decided to give the Kardashians loads of money so they can continue their rich lifestyle. it would just be bonkers. so naturally, when I heard that Netflix had dropped a Christmas Prince the Royal Wedding, I was overjoyed. Netflix are, of course, known for always making oscar-worthy original movies, so the excitement was definitely there for me. the film, however, is a very strange one. it feels like it was written by someone who vaguely understands royal courtship, but doesn't really get the traditions that exist at right? view this film as objectively as possible, but it just seems like there's a lot of key elements missing. and when we're primarily following a character who blogs throughout their royal relationship and who blogs in 2018? am i right? guys? it just feels like everything is as antiquated as the Royals themselves. firstly, the Christmas Prince is actually a Christmas king, so you got that wrong, guys. secondly, where the hell are the wolves? for those who've seen the first film, they'll know that there was a big scene involving wolves that felt a little crazy. and it turns out that I'm not the only one who wanted them back. Constance Grady of Vaux stated that the whole thing was so bizarre that it immediately imprinted itself into my heart. so naturally, I expected the Wolves to make their much-anticipated return in the sequel. and yet, there are no wolves. the Christmas Prince even says, no wolves, I promise. right before a festive horseback ride through aldo via supposedly wolf invested mountains, and there is not so much as a howl in the distance. the absence of wolves, obviously, is unmitigated. and I agree. where the heck ins are the walls? did they get put down? did they become human under the moonlight? I just need to know, did they try and recruit Jeffrey, right. that's a little shout out to another Netflix original movie there, guys. anyway, another big problem that I have with the film is its presentation. the dress is very outdated and feels like something pulled off the costume rack and Netflix studio, which it probably was. to be fair, that's probably the most surprising thing about the film in general. and the majority of it feels like have been there, done that. that you don't really expect from a story that is so rarely touched upon in what media. Emma Stefanski of Thrillist stated that Netflix knows that the only reason anyone is watching this movie is to see two cute people make out and yell at each other a little bit and then kiss again and then get married. nothing bad that happens has any real consequences. and the people who are enemies in the beginning end up friends in the end. everything and everyone in the movie ends up just fun. I completely agree with that statement, and in a way, it sort of sums up the Royals themselves. rarely do they make political stances, voice their opinions on current events, or make statements with any real weight to them, beyond the old casual racist jibe of Prince Phillip. so if you want to see a royal wedding made by Netflix, and I suppose you get you wish, and you will most likely end the film with a smile on your face. if you wanted to see some actual drama or weight to the work, then you've obviously come to the wrong place. how the film ranks for you will depend on your expectations. but personally, I found myself bored throughout and wishing that we could get more outlaw King than in-laws wedding reception. that's probably the best job I've ever done. so what are your thoughts on a Christmas Prince - did you enjoy it? or do you agree with my thoughts on the film being a bit mad? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this week's other big film, the possession of Hannah grace. this is the channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. [Music]. you [Music] 