so if you go see Coco, you first gotta sit through a frozen short that comes before it, which is like longer than the movie itself, but it's actually pretty cool. you follow Olaf trying to figure out a non-religious, non-offending, gluten-free winter tradition for Anna and Elsa, since they never had one growing up. he then realizes, of course, that he himself is their tradition, since they always tried to build a snowman. and of course, it's all done in a musical. so before we get into the movie, the animators come out in this little clip and remind you how hard it was to animate this movie. so like, shut your kids up and pay attention. we got a mariachi Disney intro, and then we get some 2d background stuff telling us about Miguel's great-great grandma, whose husband dipped out on them in order to become a musician. she, however, is an independent Mexican woman, so she raises her daughter on her own, starts a huarache a finish line with her shoe making skills, vows to never allow music in her family and just moves on. now, her daughter's name is Coco, which is the name of the movie. sheba gets Miguel's I will eat da, who runs the entire family as Coco, pulls an actor in the background. and she also forbids music. now, in Mexican tradition, the Day of the Dead is the one day that that can come back and see their loved ones, like a reverse Halloween town. this can only happen, however, if the living family leaves your picture on their little sanctuary in order to remember you. even deeper than that is that, if they forget to do that, hopefully you're still in their mind. because once no one even thinks about you anymore in the real world, you'll just cease to exist and die again after you've already died once. of course, I would say that the solution to that is to just make random youtube videos. that way people will stumble upon them, and your memory will live on. however, let's focus on Miguel, because this kid loves music when he's not supposed to. his family won't let him follow that passion. so he does what every Pixar character does in the scenario they run away. he takes his old family photo, and even though his great great abuelo is cut out of it. he recognizes the guitar as the exact same one that his idol uses, who's practically a cartoon version of Vicente Fernandez, thinking that he's the grandson of this person, and thinking that he has musical genes in his one ashes, he goes to go steal della cruises guitar from his sanctuary. he Mexican. this causes the Pixar writers to have the perfect segue into the magical second half, where he enters the world of the dead and meets all of his family members that he never got to meet even in the afterlife. though, Mexicans have to deal with customs and borders, and since Miguel has the picture of his great-great abuela, she has no way to cross. and thus she has to go and visit her and hopefully get her blessing to come back. because while he's in this world, he has till sunrise, or else he disappears. the problem though is that his great-great grand was willing to give him the blessing, but since she hates music so much, that's her one condition in order for him to go back. and he goes, no manchas he says, Pass and sets out to find his famous grandpa instead to get his blessing. when he comes across another dude who was actually de la Cruz's bandmates named Hector. he's being forgotten in the real world, so they make a deal to help out each other, and they set off on an adventure that obviously includes pizza truck, stole EXO ball Pixar numbers, only to discover a very huge twist at the end of the road. oh yeah. that twist is that dela Cruz is a murderer. the homie killed Hector since he was the one who was ass Whaley of the group had all the hooks, but he wanted to quit and go back to his family. so that like Cruz goes, nope, Hector, you're not going anywhere. the dude Princess Bride, poisons him, takes his guitar and makes Bank off of his tunes. this of course, means that Miguel's true grandpa is this dude, but his great great grandpa is Hector, who's been with him the entire time. dela Cruz is still a thug in the afterlife, so he locks them up. they eventually get rescued by Miguel's family, and Hector reconciles with his wife, proving that even death doesn't do in part, Pixar then just takes that water news scene from monsters ink, and they pretty much just have all the cameras pointed at dela Cruz, who, for whatever reason, can't hear the reverb of what he's saying. and he admits all of his evilness to all the people who now hate him. Miguel goes back, fixes things in real life, the afterlife, and proves that family always comes first, and that even when you doubt someone and think that they're just a deadbeats, remember they could just be dead. thank you guys for checking out this video. as always that let me know your comments down below in the comment section. any movies, Easter eggs that I'm working on as well, music, TV shows that you want me to explain in minutes, let me know down below, and I'll try to get them as soon as possible. but until then, catch you on the next time when I talk about another movie, also dealing with death and birthdays. 