welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka h from steps and mother of god. was line of duty a big disappointment? after 10 years of teasing who the fourth man was, we finally discovered the true culprit, and it went down worse than dominic cummings at boris johnson's flat warming party. throughout this video, we're gonna be explaining the show's ending, answering its big questions and giving our thoughts on why it might be the next game of thrones. full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, then i highly recommend that you check out now. smash the thumbs up button if you were disappointed in the show as well. and don't forget to subscribe for breakdowns like this each and every day. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into our ending explained of line of duty. okay, so episode 7 has a lot going on with it. and though the series ended pretty badly, the show as a whole has been one of the most talked about things on the bbc since that elephant had a [ __ ] on blue peter. it's been 60 years. mate, yeah, you can stop going on about it now. anyway, light of duty is an incredibly gripping show that will have you so involved you start to suspect your grandma is h because she spells definitely wrong. now, my american viewers may look at this and think it's a sequel to hot fuzz, but it has to be said that, up until last night, it was one of the best shows we had the season as a whole. primarily centered around a journalist called gail bella, who was assassinated because she got too close to the connection between hashtag bent coppers and organized crime. unlike most of the other highly fictionalized seasons, we metaphorically touched upon real-life crimes, namely the tragic murder of stephen lawrence, which was changed to lawrence christopher. through ac12's investigation, we saw the extent of systemic corruption and racism within the force, as we watched how the key characters involved in this were protected by the higher-ups in the police and their organized crime family on the outside. at points, season six has felt like a bit of a trip down memory lane. and ac12 have touched upon several previous characters, like tommy hunter, philip osborne, ian buckles, terry boyle, and a guy who could become a millionaire overnight if he sold dartboards with his face on it. and don't even get me started on you love ted. hastings has been forced to retire, so he's now getting in as many tedisms as he can. steve honor is facing the sack for his painkiller addiction. and kate was perhaps getting too close to the one person that she shouldn't have been. like every season so far, at the center of it has been a brand new bent copper named joanne davidson. in the series, we discovered that she was related to tommy hunter, who was both her father and uncle. see, i told you it was like game of thrones. now in the finale, we learned that she had been coerced into believing that a bent copper was actually the one behind it. and after being promised a life and witness protection, she revealed this to be patrick fairbank. fairbank was jailed in 2015 due to carrying out years of abuse at sandview's boy's home. it did seem like his dementia could all have been an act, and that he might be the mastermind behind it all. however, a search of his cell came up with nothing. and the whole connection to fairbank turned out to be a lie, just to keep joe in the dark. this led ac 12 to go back to the drawing board and look at the evidence once more, namely, any communication where definitely was spelt incorrectly. we went over all the notes we had and watched as ac12 uncovered the truth. this led them to find out that the person they'd been chasing for years, this mysterious shadow in the dark, was ian buckles all along. oh, go [ __ ] yourself. buckles, throughout the series, has been the kind of idiot that would run track and trace on an excel spreadsheet. and he makes officer doofy look like colombo. initially, he started off giving no comment, like a bad subscriber. however, after ac ac12 connected the dot, he started to reveal the inner workings of the ocg. turns out that tommy hunter was the one originally running it all, but after he died, the ocg ended up dividing into smaller factions. buckle was put in place as the communicator that would pass on information between these groups, all whilst relaying orders to the police. that were on the inside. every time a message was sent through a laptop, he was the one behind it. and though not specifically h himself, buckles is the ghost that ac 12 have been chasing. he was absolutely loaded, but had been tricking everyone by wearing cheap suits, taking holidays to butlins and refusing to get around in which was one of the worst crimes of all. i think that the show very much wanted this to be their kaiser souza moment. because, let's be real, buckles is an absolute [ __ ]. he's so incompetent that he'd probably get the top job in uk. government. and i feel like the creative team behind it wanted us to very much think that it had been an outstanding act to throw us off suspicion. i don't really think it worked, though. buckles even had davidson frame him in order to shine light on someone else. and from inside his jail cell, he sent orders through a laptop and a burner phone. he tried to gain witness protection and play the group, but they revealed that, as he had already answered all the questions they were after, that that deal was off the table. at the end of the entry, we watched as buckles was moved to the vulnerable prisoners unit within a supermax and discovered that there was a motion to suppress any evidence of corruption in court so that it couldn't be used against him. this means that there is likely still corruption in the police force. and during his final press conference, osborne stated that any bent coppers were simply just bad apples. now it's highly like that, because of this motion, that osborne himself is involved in the corruption. as we know from the events of season six, that he is a key person in limiting the resources and work that ac 12 have. we also learned that officers close to him have been promoted to senior positions, making it seem like this is just the beginning of something new. there's a hydra feel to it, where if he cut off the head of one corrupt officer, two more will grow back in its place. not sure if that metaphor works, but you get the gist of it. now, as for ac 12, they've been left at possibly the lowest point they've ever been at. however, it does seem like there could still be hope. in the episode, hastings ended up revealing the true extent of what happened to the missing 50 000 pounds. and we learned that it had been used to buy ppe from his public sorry. it had had been used to help steph corbett financially. now, after believing that he likely led to the death of john corbett, hastings said that he wanted to ease some of the guilt and help her in a way in which no one would get hurt. both kate and steve remained silent over this, but hastings did reveal it to carmichael, along with the fact that he informed lee banks of an undercover officer within his unit. what carmichael does with this information, we don't know. but judging by her reaction and the fact that we hear nothing more of it in the show, it's likely that this was being kept between her and ted. now this kind of leads me into my season seven predictions. and though nothing has been greenlit yet, someone needs to come in and rescue this show, because i say, i tell you what, yeah, if this is the last, if this is the last season, yeah, i'll be absolutely fuming. now, personally, i think that carmichael will end up leading the smaller anti-corruption group going forward, and that hastings will work alongside her in the pub scene. at the end. kate herself also hints that she wants to rejoin her former team again and work once more with ted and steve. i think this means that we could have more seasons going off that tackle different issues and also different characters. come on, yeah, a pay me license fee for this kind of stuff. i don't care about anything else. just just do another season, please. let's be honest. at this point, line of duty was starting to buckle under its own mythology, and it was almost impossible for them to have a satisfying conclusion with all of the spinning plates that they currently had. therefore, i think that the best move is to just do as a sort of soft reboot with a brand new team of officers, overseen from time to time by steve, kate and ted. they very much wanted to put a pin in this series and wrap up the entire thing with h but going forward, i believe that they should focus on smaller stories each season, rather than having an overarching one in which everyone is mephisto, sorry, the fourth man. now, other questions you may have are over what happened to thurwell, aka james nesbitt, because of a big name actor being behind the role, a lot of us suspected that he was the one calling the shots from behind the scenes, and that the finale might even set him up for a season 7 arc. however, we learned that the character was dead, and that it was indeed his body in the spanish apartment. farewell. or rather, nesbit was simply a decoy. that's probably the easiest acting job that james nesbitt has ever had. i think this character perfectly summarizes my thoughts for the season as a whole, and that we were expecting something big to come from it, but in the end, it was a bit of a nothing burger. like nesbit, h was built up to be something big, and we as audiences got invested in the mystery, creating our own theories as the show went on. every time something like this happens, one of the first replies that you get is, well, it's your own fault for making it so big. you shouldn't have theorized and grabbed on the clues that they were dropping every single episode. now you might be writing some shows saying that, yeah, but in the case of line of duty, i disagree with that. the show could have easily have put the pin in the whole age of mystery years and years ago. and to drag something out for a decade, it's ultimately going to increase the hype behind it as well. that's why the ending just feels so disappointing. and to see fuming trending last night on twitter, i think sums up the feeling of the uk. line of gt. was good up until this point, but it did fail to stick the landing. that's why i have such great admiration for shows like breaking bad and films like avengers end game, as it's rare that we get satisfying conclusions when it comes to things that have been staples for a large part of our lives. it's a difficult one to recommend, because i know there is a lot of good in line of duty, but at the same time, it does feel slightly formulaic. every season is pretty much the same thing. and though a couple of tedisms here and there, yeah, they keep you on board. i'm looking back a bit like, what was the point? i feel no more satisfied at the end of season six than i did at the end of season one. i think this show is very much a victim of the bbc wanting to keep recapturing lightning in a bottle. i did quite enjoy season six in all of its build-up, but ultimately, in the end, i just think it feels a bit hollow. buckles doesn't seem like the person that they knew was going to be h in the beginning. and his reveal as the fourth man feels very tacked on. had they set him up much earlier, i think that this would have worked to greater effect. i'm hoping that we do get a seventh season that goes back to the drawing board to handle things with more of a plan. ultimately, line of gt was a show with a great setup, but a meh ending. and for me, it'll sit alongside series the likes of game of thrones and lost. as i think about what could have been. we end up much like joe, hoping for a better tomorrow and going off into what could be a new start. also, yeah, if if i get a house in a bird like that from witness protection, yeah, sign me up, because i'm spoiling everything. god damn. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the finale, so make sure you comment below, and let me know. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize draw on the 30th of may, in which we're giving away three copies of the godzilla vs kung collection. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the finale. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. say that to you, then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers, have you want something else to watch, something a bit better, then definitely check out our breakdown of the ending of invincible. we went over the season finale and all of its comic book callbacks. so definitely check it out right after this. without the way, thank you for sticking through the video. i've been paul, and i see you next time. take care. [Music]. peace. 