Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2008 American horror film called 'The Midnight Meat Train'. The film is based on Clive Barker's 1984 short story of the same name. There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Leon wants to take photos of the city in a distinct, gritty manner. He's devastated when gallery owner Susan isn't impressed by his audacity and doesn't give him his big break. After regaining his confidence, he sets out into the city's underground system at night, where he photographs an attack on a lady before saving her. He comes upon her the next day, and she has vanished. He is intrigued by the tales of similar disappearances, so he investigates. He came to believe that a man named Mahogany, a butcher, was killing victims on the subway for the last three years. When Leon attempts to show the police his photographs, Detective Hadley does not trust him. When Leon gets more deeply involved, his girlfriend Maya becomes disturbed and suspicious. In the final metro train of the night, Leon witnesses a massacre. There are numerous passengers that the butcher murders and hooks up to meat hooks. Leon collapses on the train after a struggle with Mahogany. The unfortunate individual wakes up in a slaughterhouse the next morning with weird carvings cut into his chest. While Maya and her buddy Jurgis are concerned about Leon's photographs of Mahogany, they arrive at the killer's flat by investigating Leon's pictures of Mahogany. Following his successful break-in, Jurgis is apprehended, however Maya succeeds in escaping with records that document almost a century of killings on the subway. The cops find Hadley still doubtful, but she nevertheless goes to them. Maya refuses to return the schedules when Hadley pressures her. It's at gunpoint that Hadley tells Laury to meet her at the station at midnight in order to find Jurgis. With several knives in hand, Leon travels to a concealed underground entrance in the slaughterhouse, where he prepares to face-off against Gordan. When Mahogany has completed his nightly slaughter and has cornered Maya, he boards the train. In amongst the swinging human flesh, Leon faces off against the killer. Human bodily parts are often damaged, and are sometimes used as weapons. Jurgis is hanged by his genitals on a meat hook. When he is gutted, he dies. The train finally reaches its last destination, a massive deserted station packed with decaying corpses and their skulls. Leon and Maya are told to step away from the meat by the conductor. After witnessing the slaughter of the passengers by giant lizards, the purpose of the derelict station is revealed: reptile monsters enter the car and feed on the remains of the dead passengers. Leon and Maya dash inside the grotto as the agent chases after them. Mahogany, bruised, dares Leon to a fight to the death. Mahogany looks over at Leon as he impales his broken femur through his throat and just grins before dying, saying, 'Welcome!' The conductor instructs Leon to feed the monsters every night in order to prevent them from harming people during the day. He takes up Leon, and with the same unnatural power he demonstrated while his former colleague, the butcher, was still alive, he pulls out Leon's tongue and consumes it. As the conductor notices Leon has his eyes on Maya, who is laying unconscious on a pile of bones, he prompts him to react to Maya, who has just been knocked out. Leon must witness the surgeon cutting into Maya's chest to extract her heart. According to him, Leon is expected to fill the role of the murdered butcher once he finishes off the butcher. After handing the train itinerary to the new butcher, Detective Hadley holds out a ring with the group's logo on it for the butcher to see. On the midnight train to New York, the killer exposes himself as Leon. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 