Jessica Jones, season one was my favorite Marvel TV shows handling highly provocative themes such as rape and sexual harassment. it perfectly encapsulated the me2 and types of movement way before either of those issues were at the forefront of the media. what the show demonstrated was a man that had manipulated women to carry out all of his desires. no matter how sick and twisted they were. he was enabled to be stopped due to the power that he possessed. and the fact that Jessica managed to break free from his control symbolized the feminist movement as a whole. I was a testament to her character. Krysten Ritter, who plays the titular heroes, stated that real women come up to me on the street in tears because this is the first time that they felt represented by a lead. it made them feel so much better about their own dramas. this shows just how powerful the show is, and that at its core, it follows the theme that women are just as strong as men, if not stronger, and don't deserve to be reduced to subservience in order to matter. picking up on this theme is Jessica Jones season 2, now set anytime. amongst a flurry of sexual misconduct allegations in Hollywood, its metaphors are a lot more prevalent. throughout the season, jessica is hounded by males in position of power. her landlord hates her, her superintendent wants her evicted, and there's a monster stalking her every move. the show questions, what does sexual assault mean and what does it do? why does it leave the wrong person ashamed and everybody silent? a new villain who wants to take over a business, states that he doesn't take no for an answer, to which Jessica replies, how rapey. and this marks out new terrain. the show is saying that things that have always been said should now crash headlong into things that are never said. and it adds a breeding ground for discussion. it's very clear that the majority of the males and the JJ universe want women to be in second place. and this aesthetic is put in place early on by the fact that Jones's previous employer, insidious Harper, played by carrie-anne moss, comments on how society is always deemed her is pretty good for a girl. this speech is delivered during an award show that Harper helped to fund in order to gain the acclaim main prize. and whilst it could be viewed as tactically shallow due to only being achieved through monetary means, it also confirms that Harper is able to operate with the same tactics that those who oppose her to in order to gain power, making her as equal as they are. going on her own arc of self-destruction that somewhat mirrors Jessica's downfall. at season two's core is the motif that both characters are dealing with trauma. Jessica believed that killing kilgrave would end her depression. however, it didn't, and she must learn acceptance and growth from the fact that her past has made her as strong as she is. Jessica's adopted sister, Patsy, to symbolizes the rise of powerful women. abused by a film director at 15, she is the closest symbol of the sexual harassment scandal that can be found in the show. throughout season 2, she comes to realize that she is not using her platform. Trish talks productively. the radio show becomes a place for the voiceless together and unite. stove's without powers has one force, it stands true for feminism and depicts it as a movement that shouldn't be ignored. to me, this showcases the power of the media and demonstrates how it can either be used positively to empower or silenced, those that it sees as a threat. this show is a clear beacon for feminism, and it was released on International Women's Day. it's hard to ignore just how much social commentary that there is packed within the 13 episodes. and it would take hours for me to divulge on every single aspect. jessica jones, season 2 does an excellent job of exceeding all of the stereotypes that this is just another superhero show steeped in a wealth of metaphor and political symbolism. jessica jones remains one of the greatest comic book TV shows ever and definitely demands a second watch, especially in today's political climate. so thanks very much for taking the time to watch my video. it's always difficult dealing with such controversial themes as presented in the show, so I hope that didn't cause any offence in the way that I presented my argument. I'd love to hear your thoughts on season 2. so please leave a comment below telling me whether it lived up to your expectations, or if you feel disappointed in some way. if you're interested in comic books, then check out my interview with John Higgins, colorist of The Watchmen and The Killing Joke. our chat was an in-depth look at a medium as often I was shadowed in comic books, and it provided a lot of intrigue to the work that John has been apart. he can also subscribe to my channel by clicking my avatar. I produce videos analyzing movies, TVs, games and comic books weekly, and they'll definitely be something on the channel that you like. again, thanks for checking out my video, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. 