[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2018 superhero film, ant-man and the wasp. so let's get started. the summary relies in part that you've seen the previous movies. check out the link in the cards for all the other Marvel movie summaries. the movie takes place two years after Scott Lang, aka ant-man, was put on house arrest for his actions in the Civil War. movie Hank Pym and his daughter Hope, briefly opened a tunnel to the quantum realm, where they believed hopes mother, Janet, has been trapped since 1987, when Lang went to the quantum realm in ant-man 1. he unknowingly connected with Janet and has been receiving messages from her line. contacts Pym and hope about Janet. and they kidnap him when he only has days left on his house arrest, believing a decoy as to not arouse suspicion from FBI agent Jimmy woo. they worked to build a way to reach Janet to retrieve her. while trying to buy parts, they are double-crossed by a black market dealer. and hope puts on the wasp outfit, fighting off the black market dealers men. but they are attacked by an unstable, masked ghost woman who steals the shrunk down lab of PIM. PIM visits his estranged former partner, bill foster to help them locate the lab, where they are captured by the ghost, revealing her identity to be Ava star. Ava's parents, another former partner of Pym, died during an experiment that caused Ava's unstable state. foster has been helping Ava, planning to cure her with Janet's quantum energy. Pym refuses, believing that this will kill Janet. and the trio escape. they're able to contact Janet, who gives them the precise location to find her, but warning that they only have a short window to get to her. agent woo almost catches Lang, violating his house arrest, but instead, Pym and hope are arrested as they have been at large for some time, allowing Ava to take the shrunk down lab. Lang is able to help them escape, and they are able to recover the lab. Pym enters the realm to retrieve Janet, but they are attacked by the dealer and his men, allowing Ava to get to Janet's energy. lang is helped by his friends from the first film, Pym and Janet returned to the quantum realm and give Ava some of her energy to stabilize Ava temporarily. as the film concludes, Lange returns home and is released from his house arrest, and Ava and foster go into hiding. during a mid-credits scene, we see them trying to harvest quantum energy to help Ava remain stable. while Lang is in the quantum realm, though, Pym, Janet and hope all disintegrate due to the Thanos is snapping him, leaving him trapped in the quantum realm. in another scene, we see a giant ant playing the drums. as we see the world has been affected by the snapping. so that was the spoilers for a man in the wasp. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 