welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and this morning we got our first full look at the upcoming what-if series from Marvel Studios. the images follow up on last month's view frame reveals at Disney D 23, which showed Peggy Carr are being put through the machine that created Captain America and injected him with Super Soldier Serum. and then we saw her in full uniform, holding up the shield as Captain Britain. I think should it be Captain Peggy Carter. anyway, this was followed up this morning by more images that were posted on Twitter. and there's quite a lot to unpack from them. firstly, it seems like a lot of these are very heavily Peggy Carter focused. and I think it's a safe bet to assume that this will be the first show that the project will be leading with as in chronological order. it's also one of the main starting points of the MCU, though there are rumors that the Eternals will change this up heavily and actually put the origin back 35,000 years to when the Celestials roam the galaxy. in the images we can see what looks to be Steve Rogers, still incredibly skinny, and I think it's safe to assume that he will still feature in the Peggy Carter episode, even if he's just glanced over and cast aside so that Peggy can be the chosen one for the super-soldier program. he also appears to be in a tank at one point, potentially as part of the Howling Commandos, fighting alongside captain Carter and taking down what I imagine will be the Red Skull. we can also see Peggy at one point riding on top of what looks to be an Iron Man esque machine. so this may even confirm the theory that, similar to Steve, Peggy is frozen in ice at the end of the episode, and she could wake up in the present and join The Avengers, perhaps even going on to become their leader, similar to steve. sebastian stan has to being cast in the episode, so I think it's a safe bet that the picture of Bucky that we see will also feature at the end, perhaps setting up the events of an alternative Winter Soldier, what if series down the line. however, Bucky and Peggy didn't really have the relationship that he and Steve did. so I can imagine that if they do go that route, the events of the film will play out be different. star low two can be seen here, and this backs up the rumors that the what-if series, we'll explore the alternate timeline with the character that was created in Avengers end game, where star-lord was knocked out, the Power Stone was taken and Thanos nebula and the Black Order were killed. it could potentially show Ronan, the accuser, as the person who gets the Infinity stones. and that definitely would be an interesting direction to take. and lastly, perhaps the most interesting one, is the image of Steve as a zombie. the where room is that Marvel Zombies was going to be making an appearance as a what-if special, and this pretty much confirms it. the Marvel Zombies series is a blast, and it's such a black comedy that this will definitely be awesome to see as its own episode. a thing that this will probably be one of the most fun episodes, as all of the graphic novels that center around the zombies have a real dark humor to them. as we watch the heroes go through the galaxy, eating it planet by planet. there's so much to impact from this. and I have seen some people say that they don't really like the animation style, but I think it looks really good. it reminds me a lot of the anime tricks and love death and robots. and I think that the fact that Marvel had brought together the full cast of the film's that each spin-off is based on will lead to the show's being very high quality. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on these images, and which episode out of them that you're looking forward to the most. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please check out my breakdown of the top 10 most powerful quotes from the MCU. I go over the lines that impacted me the most. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to trip down memory lane, if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books. and you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace you. [Music]. 