Halloween is upon us. so to celebrate, I thought I discussed the ending of one of my favorite horror movies, the witch. audiences tend to be completely polarized on the film, and there's definitely a lot of mixed opinions on what it represents. throughout this video, I'll be discussing the ending of the witch and giving my thoughts on exactly what I think the film's ending symbolizes. there will be heavy spoilers, and I definitely recommend that you give this movie a watch if you're yet to see it. with that out the way, I'm definition, and I ruin the movie so you don't have to. by the end of the witch, you may be wondering why Ana has decided to join a coven of witches and give her body to Satan. in order to fully understand this, we have to look at the character of Ana from the start and decipher why she has had such an evil turn. Ana is the one family member that seems to deeply regret the banishment that is forced upon them. even from the film's opening scene, we can see the regret that takes over her. and this highlights how she may wish to seek company amongst other communities. in the introduction, Ana is the last to leave the church, and when the family are forced to desert the Commonwealth, she looks back at the settlement one last time, almost begging that they accept her. this fear of no longer being a part of a religious sect, and therefore no longer allowed into heaven, really drives the characters motivations throughout the film. early on, we witness and you're praying and begging that Christ saves her soul from hell. she also pleased that she be granted the mind state that her father made the right choice in making the family leave. and it's here where Satan sets his sights on her. Ana is a young virgin filled with doubt and cast out from the flock, which makes her the perfect target for the commander of Hell. and the entire plot of the movie centers around him slowly turning her. Satan knows that Aeneas secretly longs for the Commonwealth and the luxuries that come with it. she recounts to her brother about the wonderful glass work that was present there, and it's clear she still longs to be part of a immunity. this makes her the perfect target for temptation, and is the reason why she so easily manipulated. she is a weak, lost young girl, and this makes her choice at the end even more understandable. by the final scene of the film, her entire family are dead. so she's left with very little opportunities but on Deva, starving to death, or trying to reach the Commonwealth on foot. at the Commonwealth, she will most likely be accused of becoming a witch as she tries to explain her family's demise. so this isn't really an option on you to feel shunned by God. she prayed throughout the film, and still was left with her family's betrayal and death. her father, who was a devout man, hated her and framed her, poisoning her family against her to the point that her mother attempted to murder her. whilst Aniyah was right to fight back, she still committed matricide. witch in the 17th century would have been viewed as unforgivable, especially in God's eyes. in the end, with her mind state and God being a polar opposite to how it was at the beginning of the film, it becomes easy for her to turn for butter, a pretty dress and to live deliciously. food is, of course, a necessity, and we already know that Aniyah desired a higher standard of living, hence the mention of the dress and living to an enjoyable level. Anna felt unaccepted by both God and her family. they tried to be rid of her several times during the movie and made her feel massively unwelcome. the society she is from made her subservient and also judged her because of her gender and age. juxtaposing this, Satan seems to have open arms for her and the promise of an opportunity to rule alongside him. this would massively outweigh the negatives that she's faced thus far in her past life, and would seem like the best way forwards. when Aniyah is stripped from all the oppression, the gravity of the situation lifts, spiritually and physically, and the character is able to finally flow up with all the other liberated souls. however, it's not a completely happy ending, and viewers may wonder what happened to the rest of her siblings. they have, in fact, been used to flame the fire that we see at the end, and Annie will now have to do the same to other families. if she wishes to remain in the good graces of her new guard. so what are your thoughts on the ending of the witch? did you take a different interpretation from the film? and is there anything I missed that further backs of my theory comment below? and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of the ending of Suspiria, that too has a similar aesthetic to this film and is definitely worth watching. if you want a good scare this Halloween. this is a channel for people who are heavy into horror. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music]. 