before we begin, let me start by saying this is a story about a man who kisses a woman while she's sleeping, and she doesn't know it, and that's a good thing. the stars of our movie today are angelina, jolie, winnie, mary and sarah, another blonde princess who never does anything wrong, which got my blackhead mama looking at this movie like this. and prince philip, may he rip play. our story begins with, oh, it's another book, and it's quite bedazzled, which explains the situation, which we all know to be true. books and movies are the only place where folks get happy endings. it says something like this, off yonder full score and infinity years ago, this king and queen was bumping uncles for a long time, trying to bring forth some offspring. and finally one day the king got lucky, and so did the queen. they had a child of the female persuasion and called her areola or oreo or something. then they had a big damn potty to present the child, so all the peasants can bow down. [ __ ]. and here comes prince philip, who sees the baby chick to which he is betrothed and he just look at her like she smell like she's still duty in her diaper. and that's when the three wise men roll up with their best swag. alvin makes her a looker, because it's not enough to be rich and promised to a prince. and then we ushered falls into a alfred hitchcock nightmare. then theodore gives us some pipes so she can sing a little ditty from time to time, because it's not enough to be beautiful and rich and promised to a prince. and another hitchcock scene. well, you know, there's always gotta be that one with scar syndrome, jealous of a little child because you're mean, always getting dissed. so she's like, just to prove i ain't mad, i'mma give her a little gift of my own, distance 16 by spinning wheel. [Laughter]. [Music]. then simon is too damn weak to undo the evil deed, so she sends a spiraling into vertigo and says, you won't die when you get pricked. you'll just go into a coma, and you gotta wait for some prince to come along and kiss you and ignore your morning breath. then bubbles blossom and buttercup conspire to save the princess from the evil spell, throwing around ideas of turning aurora into a flower. but then they realize malevolent might cause some cold weather to ice daddy. and let's face it, aurora ain't no elsa. then they decide to turn themselves into dorthy blanchard rose to keep the baby safe from the evil deeds of sophia. meanwhile, maleficent up in mount doom, salty as ever, because all these years her little label minions ain't been able to find the cursed child. as it turns out, it's because those dumb bets been looking for a baby. but she's spent 16 years in the witness protection program, where she's been renamed briar rose. that ain't even a real name. then larry moe and curly try to turn domestic and distinct. then she goes wandering off alone. and then she starts singing, and the little bird joins her in a duet, until the bird pops, and briarwood oleo eats her eggs. damn. fiona always pissed me off doing that. shh. and while all the little forest creatures are worshiping the fair maiden off yonder is the prince in his noble steed. then there's a few minutes of this. and then she keeps saying and then she keeps saying it, and then tells all the little animals about her dirty dreams. this movie is disgusting and gross. and this is the part where i realize how much of every disney movie is devoted to a bunch of tiny animals doing what they ought not be doing. and then she starts singing, and then she keeps singing, and then he starts singing, and then he stops to say, you're sure a pretty little lady, but you're closer they went in an enter your life. and they kept saying it. then she's thought, that hard to get. and huey dewey and louie is still making a mess of the homestead, so they like, why are we trying to do all this by hand when we're magic bits and they don't stink? but all the magic farts out the top of the cabin, and the dirty bird finds it, and then finds them, and he drops all up in that kool-aid. and rosebud is like, i'm in love. and they're like, no, your promise to a man you don't love because your ass is royal. and when you're royal, you don't get to make your own decisions. ain't you been watching harry's interviews? then the king starts singing, and then they keep singing, and here comes the big plot twist. prepare yourself. now, the man the princess fell in love with is prince philip, i know. but now this fool thinks he can't marry the princess because he's in love with some shoeless, forest dwelling scrub now the whole damn kingdom doesn't turn topsy-turvy, and the princess gets her crown and starts crying. poor little rich girl, life full of first world problems, until the princess of darkness shows up. and now look at you. don't turn the color of a rigor mode. that's toad. and did you know that when women meet me, this is exactly what happened today. close. way to go, kirk, spock and bones. you had one job, and maleficent moves into a deadly spinning wheel. and now the old bits are sad, so they minify themselves and sneak around putting the whole damn kingdom to sleep until they can figure out what the hell to do. then one of the kings mumbled something about how prince philip is in love with a commoner. so the prince goes looking for the booty. but in his needy quest to find the woman he loves, his royal rump gets captured by the big, green, horny one. so beyonce kelly and michelle go charlie's angels fronting, and maleficent just sit there like, damn, i'm good. and for reasons unclear to most logical people, the evil one gives a boring bad gal monologue, i put that bit down, blah, blah, blah, blah, and i'm gonna keep you locked up until your balls are at your ankles, blah, blah, and now i'm just working 11 because i'm a pimp like that. [Laughter]. but then the little magic muffins help the prince escape and give him some good fighting duds, which he uses to escape the minions. and maleficent's dirty bird, i mean, if there's a bird that always sits on your car right after you wash it, it's him. then there's a long chase, skip, and he gets stuck in the briars, which is probably symbolic of how he's going to be stuck forever in misery once he marries that briar rose lady. and he keeps battling with the help of phoebe piper and prue. so maleficent turns smog and burps up some green stuff, and she thinks it's all fun and games, until, as yet now she's just a sad little memory, a little oil stain on the road to happiness. and then he gets a big smooch, and a color comes back, and she ain't got no eye buckles or nothing, because she elegant ass. then they return to the kingdom, get married and dance and sing, hello. get away what you are the one honey. and then they drive off in grease lightning and singing like rama, llama ka, dinga da ding-dong. hit it jab the end. special thank you to these lovely muffins who always stand by this channel. star kitten, dissie, chris, oh, brian g dan w davis, c whiskey, neda, j john k cheetah, gal, maria, t college. [Applause], fat cat, sylvia. kelly s kimberly, b bethany. c, karl s, david m christine k carey, j elena s owen, i am melanie. m p t f, j, allison l ultimate anonymous. b.h. kelly. l and mary in colorado for movies explained four. i'm jeb dial. when you're down, always remember these two pieces of wisdom. someday you too will find someone who can ignore your morning breath and hit it. layer shoe, bob shawarma, water. yep, you think i am jeb. elephants gerald, 