hey, what's up guys. explanation pro is here. today i'll explain a comedy, dark comedy, film titled the dictator. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. the film begins with a news broadcast. the report contains information about admiral general aladine's dictorial rule over his nation. he is the son of colonel aladine, a dictorial and savage leader. he was born in 1973 and never knew his mother, as it was widely believed that she died shortly after giving birth to him, but a doctor assassinated her. he is well known for his beard ignorance and the 14 gold medals he has earned in his self-created competition. he obtained the medals by defrauding his competitors, by shooting them before they passed him, and controlling the crew to adjust the finish line close to him. the news revolves around the issue of nuclear weapons. aladdin doesn't know the other see it, and it results in the public becoming doubtful and upset with him. he continually finds a method to evade these escalating challenges. however, until he makes a statement on his palace that two months later, everyone will bow in front of their magnificent nation as they enrich uranium for peaceful purposes in medical research. his ignorance captivates his audiences, but he doesn't know that everyone only adheres because of their fear of him. when a lady enters their laboratory, his uncle tamir greets him by smelling his armpit. he speaks with the scientists about revealing their nuclear weapon. but aladin is dissatisfied with the conclusion and locates nadal, his old scientist. there the present scientist informs him that he has already sacked him. aladdin begins to recall the incident, recalling that he executed him as a result of the quarrel, reiterates the appearance of a nuclear weapon as depicted in cartoons. since scientists contradicts everything he says, he gets sentenced to death. and later he tells his current scientist that he recalls it, but he feels insulted, so he executes him. uncle tamir convinces him to speak the truth in the united nations about the absence of nuclear weapons, hoping that the sanction against him would be lifted and they will be allowed to export their wadia's oil. alladin disagrees, stating that he will not sell vadiya's oil to anyone. he is shot in the head as he exits his gold vehicle. he did it to show the world his might, but in truth, it's simply another person with the same face. due to the fact that the only person who resembled him is no longer living, they decided to look for someone who does. fortunately, they find someone who fits their criteria and grooms him to look like him, including shortening his eggplant. in the next scene, aladdin is having a pleasurable night with megan. after aladdin induced himself with megan's hole of wonders, they quickly snap a picture, and megan departs as she still has a round two with the prime minister. as much as elladeen wants her to stay, megan has to leave. so he obtains their photograph and posts it on his wall. we can see several pictures that he takes to the kingdom of pleasure, including several prominent hollywood figures. the following day, uncle tamir's informed aladine that the united nations have invited him to give information about nuclear weapons. as a result, alladin convenes a meeting with his generals to reveal his scheme. he informs them that he would travel to america and speak for 14 hours using baby noises in order to ensure that they would not understand him. aladdin makes his way to america. the public greets him with a rally expressing their contempt for him. however, he remains unconcerned. his entrance is opulent. it appears to be a parade with his female guards, whom he keeps their virginity, and various sports cars. he is currently staying at the lancaster hotel. there he meets mr clayton. he identifies himself as a guard in order to bolster his security. they customize his role to his specifications. that night, he is kidnapped and taken to a secluded location where he is tortured before killing him. at first, aladdin is on concert because he expresses his opinions regarding the weapons mr clayton the kidnapper will torture him. mr clayton trims his beard and fires it, but the attempt fails. when the flames collide with his body, aladin is able to escape as the flames scorch his handcuffs. there he convinces a bypasser to exchange his garments and promises to offer him something in exchange. after a while, alladin persuades the guard that he is alladin, but he finds out that uncle tamir uses his look alike to take over his speech. aladin is enraged. he yells foul language, and the protesters imitate him, believing he is leading the protest. chant the fake alladin is set to commence his address. however, he shows his extremely bubbling manner in front of the audience. he drinks from the pitcher and then pees on it. he raises the picture to showcase his pee and then consumes it. everyone is uneasy at the moment due to his actions. but he subsequently delivers his written speech, which contains the long-awaited democracy in wadia. additionally, he claims that he will sign the paper in five days later, on what dia's independence day. his speech ends up being a source of excitement for everyone. aladdin explodes in anger and swiftly climbs the fence to defend his belief that the residents of wadia like oppression. but the police apprehended him by gunning him. water. zory transports him to her vehicle. in order to save him. there she begins her introduction. she asserts boldly that she is a vegan feminist and a non-profit cooperative functioning within an anti-racist and anti-oppressive framework for people of all genders or none. however, aladdin continues to be impolite and unpleasant. zoe reminds him that her entire staff is made out of former political refugees. alladin then begins insulting her store and employees. zoe confronts him about his inappropriate behavior and exits the store. shortly, aladdin is alone, wandering the place until he sees nadal. he follows him everywhere, until he reaches the death of aladine restaurant. the customers there recognize his face. he covers up himself, but he fails. but nadal intervenes and saves him. aladine begins telling him everything, and nadal strikes a deal. he offers to save him, but he has to make him the head of the nuclear research. alladin agrees. nadal and alladin are now roaming the place. there he sees zoe having a gate pass. nadal tells him that he needed her to enter the place. so alladin immediately heads to zoe's store and apologize. he also tells her that he wants to work. so zoey allows his work on her store out of her kindness. but alladin messes everything. nadal intends to take a helicopter ride as a tourist to inspect the lancaster hotel's weak points. he informs aladdin that he must behave naturally. but during their ride, aladdin and nadal continue to speak their language, which their colleagues misunderstand. and as a result, they end up in jail. then zoe makes her way to the jail to defend him. aladin is taken aback by zoe's determination to save him. alladin is successfully freed following the argument. and uncle tamir sees him on the news and instructs etra to invade him. they are now at the store. aladin is extremely grateful to zoe, and as a token, he offers his banana to munch, but zoe declines. zoe notices that he is acting strangely and confronts him, asking if he has ever had masturbation, to which he responds fort rightly. thus zoe demonstrates how to do it. aladino bases all of her commands until he achieves the pinnacle of satisfaction. after finishing the activity, he proudly exits the room and informs everyone in the vicinity about his experience, which he refers as self-juicing. that night, etra, the girl with large boobs, begins to invade him. however, alladin succeeds in reversing her course of action. the following day, the officer comes to visit their store, but refuses to continue the deal as he proves that the sanitary inspection scores have low ratings. also, he gets disgusted because alladin tells him that zoe teaches him to do self-juicing. zoe is now disappointed. however, alladin devises a scheme to sully their competitor's reputation to reclaim what they are supposed to have. a lady now dominates the store. he modifies their established routine and results in significant adjustments and success for their store. their sanitary level increases to an a at this time, as he kidnaps the officer's family in charge of the grades. also, they earned the lancasters again as they reject the green world market. after all, their reputation got ruined because they found a piece of beheaded that which aladdin plays on their store. in the next scene, nadal informs him that he got awake to replace his beard. but aladdin says that he wants a real beard. so they find it and sees a dead body with a beard that fits his standard. they join the wick, and nadal is razoring the beard, but the people need to enter the door, so they run, bringing the dead man's head on the rooftop. zoe and aladine are caressing each other. he even licks and kisses the armpits of zoey that is full of hair, out of his love for her. after that, zoe confesses her feelings, and aladine confesses that he is not allison, but admiral general and the dean of wadia. zoe gets shocked by his confession, and she asks him to leave. aladdin is wandering around the city alone. he feels depressed, reflecting on how he lost his wealth. also, he sees on the screen how people express their anger and hatred against him. as a result, he heads on the bridge to commit suicide. but nadal came into the picture. then aladdin asked him what he is doing there. and then tells him that he keeps texting him seven times. alladin is determined to end his life, but nadal tells him that he is the last dictator of this world and he has to continue his legacy up to the next generation. the day has come. everyone is excited, as they are going to welcome their new chapter of life. nadal uses a self-made tool to get into the room of the fake aladin. afterwards, he uses it, but it fails because he is heavy. he then uses it, but it fails due to his weight. thus he discards everything that causes him to become heavy, even his poop, and quickly enters the room. successfully, he directs his lookalike to go. and uncle tamir then enters the room to get him. the paper is about to be signed of him, but he reveals who he is and tells that uncle tamir has assigned someone to assassinate him. everyone is stunned. now, after the revelation, aladdin strips out the constitution. he begins to tell that he will not sign the paper and tries to enlighten how bad democracy is. but his decision flip when he sees zoe's eyes he revoked what he said and declared that democracy is now approved. zoe sprints to him, intending to kiss him. she adores his decision, and aladine tells her that he wants her to be one of his wives, but later revokes it. zoe and aladine are now at the palace. the entire wedding is now rejoicing on their wedding. the film concludes with dendal demonstrating his new bomb, following his previous standards. but alladin declares that he doesn't care no matter what the look is. nadal is devastated at the moment, because he went to great lengths to create the bomb that aladine believes makes no sense before. thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and also subscribe to my channel for more videos like this. see you in the next video. 