detective, i think you stole my mojo. mojo, mojo, mojo. okay, so lucifer is back for its fifth season. and throughout this video we're going to be discussing the devil you know, better than the song, better the devil you know by kylie minogue. i'll skip the rubbish puns from here on out and get straight into the breakdown. but obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, then i highly recommend that you check out now. as always, don't forget to subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy it. without the way, this is the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host. definition. now let's get into our lucifer breakdown. okay. so season four ended with lucifer professing his love to chloe and abandoning the mortal world in order to go and reign over his kingdom in hell. season 5 deals with the fallout of that and the repercussions of lucifer's actions. now, due to the pandemic, season 5 has been broken up into two parts, so a lot of things are left up in the air by the end of it. but we'll be giving our theories on where things could be going, and also the mysterious character that could be controlling it all from behind the scenes. now in the introduction, we join lucifer, collecting the souls of the damned, torturing them in hell, and slowly turning to his more devilish side. because of the way that time works in hell, lucifer has experienced thousands of years going through this routine over and over again, and it's turned him into a shell of his former self. being stuck in these loops, it's almost a loop for him. and just as his victims hate the eternity that they're subjected to, lucifer feels very much the same way. being trapped in hell is hell for lucifer. and after realizing that one murder victim is actually living in their own personal nightmare version of la, he decides to investigate their death. and this, of course, makes him pull up memories of his long lost love, chloe. it's a great way to start the season. and i love how the victim had regrets over not seeing his family when he was alive, even though he had several opportunities too. this was very relatable to me. and i'm sure most of us have a family member or friend that we've become strange too, and though we could easily talk to them once more, we come up with excuses not to, basically. but basically, it's like that old guy in home alone who who won't talk to his son. i'm not crying. you're crying. now, it too ties into the overall arc of the season, and by the end of it, we see the very estranged family of heaven back in each other's company once more. on the flip side of this, chloe feels completely abandoned and has been doing whatever she can to fill the void left by lucy. i hate calling him that. initially it appears that lucifer has returned to her, but it's revealed that this is just his identical twin brother, michael. cue a hilarious sharon osbourne scene. a thank you for all that he did for aussie. and slowly he starts to fill a role in her life that lucifer left behind. we learn that michael has gained the position of god's right hand, and in doing so, cut off all of the other angels from their father's side. this pulls lucifer back to the surface as he tries to win round chloe and put an end to michael's schemes. now chloe discovers that she was actually made for lucifer as a gift from god, to be his play thing on earth. it's a huge revelation for her, and she really struggles with knowing it. it also really makes us question whether lucifer's love for her is actually real and vice versa. mirroring this, we learn that michael has been manipulating lucifer with subliminal suggestions that have warped the character's decisions since the dawn of time. this is why he's made certain choices, and lucifer ends up feeling pretty powerless. but this stems from his own personal view of basically how he sees himself. we learn that the character believes he's unworthy to rule over hell and have the power that he does. so what it boils down to is that the two characters are actually opposite sides of the same coin, though they're identical. to look at the ideologies that the pair possess juxtapose one another perfectly. michael is an archangel that lorded over an army, and with this came almost unlimited power. he and lucifer battled one another, and lucifer ended up in hell, seemingly losing it all. however, lucifer and michael actually seek different things in order to fulfill their existence. michael just wants control, order and to rule other people. on the flip side, lucifer has love, friends and family. and though he lacks the power, he's actually won from what he's gained by having a life and those around him that care about him. now what i love about this season is that it's not scared to take sidesteps into the greater law. and mythology, episode 4 is a great example of this. and in the 1946 film noir spectacle, were introduced to a big character in lucifer mythology, that is lilith. it's someone that's been teased time and time before. and in case you didn't know, lilith is the mother of all demons. in the hebrew bible, lilith is referred to as the first woman. and according to the text, she was made from the same clay as adam and became his first wife. however, she also refers to an earlier class of female demon, which is how the character appears here. she's often used in fiction featuring the devil. and you may have seen lilith as one of the anti-heroes in chilling adventures of sabrina. lucifer goes looking for a magic ring, and she ends up giving it to him so that he can become mortal. she abandons her children and retreats to a life of normality and is rumored to die, but this is all still up in the air at the end. now, it is elements like this that add a wealth of information to the characters, and it really helps to fill in some of the blanks that we've had about all their history. it's also absolutely hilarious. now, maze tracks down lilith, and through this story, we learned that lender abandoned her own child when she was younger. thematically, the show is, of course, built on this. and just in the same way that she left her child, lilith left hers, and so on. god can also be seen as abandoning lucifer to the underworld, which, of course helped to warp his personality. if we don't know our parents intentions, then it is possible that we won't know our true identity. and this too mirrors chloe's journey as she deals with the inner turmoil over being created purely for lucifer. these elements of subtext are truly what the season feels built upon. and it all comes together as we head into the finale. now, michael, as he's done in the past, slowly starts to manipulate those around lucifer. and at one point, he calls dan to make him go to amenities house. through the window, he sees lucifer's true face, and this exposes the character to him. dan goes to charlotte's grave, terrified over what he's learned, and it's probably the most vulnerable that we've ever seen the character. clearly he's still grieving for charlotte, and it leads to him being easily manipulated. michael comes to him in the form of an angel and slowly sinks his claws into him as he turns the character against the protagonist. dan arrives at lucifer's home and ends up shooting him, but this proves to have no real effect. he's gained his invulnerability back because he's put walls up around chloe. and it's possible that after she took his mojo for a bit, he subconsciously put things in place. this ties into the ending. and lucifer becoming invincible is one of chloe's greatest fears, as she knows what it really means to make matters worse. chloe is kidnapped by michael, and the season really ramps up as we head into the final episode. we learned that michael has been manipulating and controlling the whisper killer, and ella discovers that it's actually her boyfriend, peter. also, i love how you can see how dark ella's mind state is becoming by the fact that her t-shirts are constantly getting darker throughout the show. i i know it's that now this distrust of someone that she loves, of course, mirrors chloe, who is slowly starting to lose faith in lucifer because of the seeds of doubt that michael sews in her mind. through the help of dan, lucifer manages to find her, but that doesn't mean that things are over. she decides to break things off with him. and slowly, michael begins to tell lucifer's life apart. just as he's about to tell her that he loves her time freezes for the character, and he finds him in a deal. at the heart of it, michael has used the fear of learning that his son, charlie, is mortal to his advantage. and it makes our men a deal, unable to break them free from the time freeze, michael arrives and mocks lucifer. and it is possible that he implanted charlie with a cold to make him seem mortal, in order to further fuel his father's fears. i love how both lucifer and michael also appear as a devil and angel on his shoulder. and this finally makes him snap. he goes to attack michael, but mazzaquin arrives in order to fend for him. it's revealed that michael promised her a soul in exchange for her working with him. and the season ends with mays and the protagonists going head-to-head for all the things that lucy hit from her whilst omena deal tackles michael. the battle is only ended by the intervention of god, who steps forward for the first time in the show, played by dennis haysbert. this is the debut for the almighty. and though it ends on a big cliffhanger. there are several things that we can take from it. obviously, i think that god's intervention has shown that he no longer trusts michael. throughout the season, we had lip service paid to michael pretty much commanding the army of heaven. and his father having to step forward likely shows that he's displeased with him. actually, don't think that michael has that long left. and the way i can see him going down has actually been hindered at several times throughout the series. we've been told that the archangel blades are actually able to kill lucifer, but i think they will be used against michael, and this will end his life. episode 9 of the season is called family dinner. and clearly this hints towards the direction that the second part will be going. part 1 was about finding one's family after losing it. and i think that the following episodes will center around the rejoining of the families in the series and culminate in them falling apart. this will be mirrored in linda and her lost child, god and his sons. and yeah, there's a lot of things in place here. now, one big thing that's also up in the air is the fate of mazakin. clearly, all she wants is a soul, and i can actually see god giving her this. but it will come at a price. mazakin has pretty much turned against all that cared for her, and it is possible that she will become a villain. there's also the question of eve, who's been notably absent this season. i do believe that she will return and perhaps join sides with maize in the second part. her first appearance very much brought with her the idea that it was actually her who tempted the devil, and not the other way around, as was in genesis. i have a theory, and bear in mind, it's a theory, but if we're keeping in with the style of the show, i think it makes a lot of sense. so i think it could be possible that eve has actually been controlling things behind the scenes. and just in the same way that the fourth season flipped her and the devil's role, it could be that she's orchestrated this entire scenario for one specific reason, that is to pull god out of heaven. in making his family fight one another, this would force him to vacate the kingdom similar to how she was made to vacate the garden of eden. i would love to see it turn out that her end game this entire time was to get all of the angels to vacate their spots. and this would explain why she manipulated michael into making lucifer leave hell, which in turn would make god leave heaven. every kingdom is now hers for the taking. and she could potentially be using maize as a way to bring this about. the creative team are hinting at some romance between both eve and mace, and the pair may turn out to be the big bad for the second part. anyway, that's my theory now, and i'm not even sure if lieutenant diablo or stripper detective could get to the bottom of it. i'd of course, love to hear your thoughts on the season, though, so make sure you comment below and let me know. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our breakdown of last week's big netflix release, project power. we're also giving away a free copy of the avengers on any console of your choice. and all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and drop a comment below. the win is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of august, so make sure you get involved. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button. and you can come chat to us on the discord server linked in the description, or heavy swirls on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been definition. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 