frustrated that the salon was nearly bankrupt, the salon owner ended up doing it this way to attract more customers. sukyong, a salon owner, is in big trouble because the salon is very empty of customers and is on the verge of bankruptcy. her cousin, hannah, then told her to make an innovation so that the salon does not go bankrupt. the problem widened when the owner of the salon building came to sukyon to collect her debts, and sukyon asked again for time to pay off her debt. meanwhile, on the other hand, because of the difficulty of getting a job, hannah applied in many places, but none of the companies wanted to accept her. finally, she decided to cooperate to run her cousin's salon business. hannah has an idea to revive her cousin's salon again, but it seems in an unusual way. the next day, hannah came to the salon wearing clothes that were quite tight and sexy. sukyong is a little confused about what her cousin is going to do, until finally a man comes to the salon in the evening. and hannah definitely welcomes the first customer of their salon. sukyong, who was confused, could only be silent to see what her cousin was going to do. and suddenly, hannah took off her shirt, then continued to give her customers special service. after the special service is given, the customer seems very satisfied with the service provided by hannah. he pays handsomely for the service given by hannah. sukyong is thrilled because her cousin's idea seems to be working. since adding plus plus service at sukyong salon, the salon's revenue has continued to increase, until finally, sukyon wants to learn to serve customers. the next day, sukyong wears sexy clothes to the salon. then a man named minho arrives, who will be sukyong's first customer. minho, who has finished getting service from sukyon, is surprised when he is given a bill for the service he received earlier. however, because he was satisfied, he ended up paying all the bills. increasingly, the male customers of sukyon salon are getting more and more crowded. so that this makes sukyong salon able to rise from adversity. they also now have a regular customer, min ho, who always comes to get service from sukyon. the salon success surely has an impact on the financial condition of hannah and sukyong, where now hannah can buy an expensive apartment, and sukyon herself is now able to pay off all her debts to the salon owner. however, the success of their salon was unlikely to last long, because one day a young man came to their salon to get a treatment. since he was the last customer of the day, hannah and sukyon gave him a special service. unfortunately, after the service was given, the man did not want to pay all the bills because the amount of the bill was quite expensive. in addition, the man reasoned that he did not ask the two of them for service, but he just wanted to come to get a regular treatment. hannah and sukyong were made angry by the man. the two of them then ganged up on the man until the man ran away from their salon. the next day, the man came back to the salon, and it was clear that hannah and sukyon responded badly to the man's arrival. however, after the man said that he had reported the illegal practice of their salon to the police, the two of them immediately became nice to the man. unfortunately, it did not change the man's decision to imprison. the two of them then came the police, who received a report from the man. hannah and sukyon were finally arrested on charges of molesting the man, as well as carrying out illegal practices in their salon. and that's the end of the synopsis of this film, entitled, beauty salon, special services. from this film, a lesson can be drawn that taking shortcuts to achieve success must have a bad end, because everything that is executed in a bad way will also end badly. thank you for watching this video. don't forget to like, share and follow, or subscribe to this channel to continue to get synopsis and other film recommendations. 