welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. the society has just dropped on Netflix, and the ten-hour season has a lot to unpack from it. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the show, as well as what I took from it. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen it yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn it off now. without the way, I just want to thank you for clicking this video. now, sit back, relax, and let's get into my breakdown of the society. the society is a Lord of the Flies esque teenage drama that follows a group of young students who are during a field trip find themselves in a replica of their hometown, with one big cubby it. all of the adults in the area are gone. the town has had a mysterious odor around it for the past couple of days, and this seems to be linked to the disappearance of the majority of the city citizens. there's apparently no way in or out of the town, or any evidence of anything beyond it. West Ham, and the society becomes just that, a group of people struggling to create their own community without imploding on one another. initially, Newham seems like a paradise where young people are no longer judged by their parents prejudices. and this allows them to live a life of partying, where the fun never seems to end. like all good things, though it must. Cassandra, played by Rachel Keller, appoints herself as the leader, but unfortunately, she isn't strong enough to stop the ensuing chaos that inevitably will spring forth from a group of high schoolers being told that they are now the rulers of the town. naturally, cliques form, and this causes complex as people become more and more territorial, we slowly realize that society as a whole, when reduced to something without rules, can lead to dire consequences. the group's tried to form their own order, but in doing so, quickly fall into the cliches that they originally hated and were trying to escape from. this is a true debate before our eyes on the positives and negatives of socialism, democracy, communism and capitalism. that is far more mature than the carrot that it portrays. for the show, what I love about the society is that the characters are forced to confront and accept that they took everything for granted. their privilege has been something that they never really considered. and when they are put in a position without it, they struggled to get by. cassandra has to deal with the fact that there are many people who resent her new position of power and influence. and ultimately she becomes the focus, rather than the danger of the paranormal happening that caused most of the population to disappear. she's berated as no longer being the class president. and the show does an outstanding job of showcasing just how little elective positions of power actually are once the rules are stripped away. eventually, she succumbs to this and is put in the firing line at due to people's fate of her. this doesn't make things easier for those put in power either, with the majority of the newly appointed leaders in the season being unable to handle the pressure. Ali struggles to deal with this route. and it becomes clear that in making one decision, while some will be happy, many will not. the show successfully cements the two sides of society, with law, duty, reason and protection of the weak having to go head-to-head with ruling through fear, mob mentality and tyranny. the subtext here is outstanding. it's a very well-developed show in terms of metaphors and meaning. there are trials, executions and an election that sees the society slowly turn into a real one. the show, in the end, action, respects its characters and does show that teenagers, if put in the right position, can make correct decision and grow. the show has a six-month time jump that allows it to showcase how the actions of the group have repercussions, and it portrays the characters well in this huge coming-of-age story. the season 1 finale ends with Ali and well removed from their leadership positions after a coup is staged by Campbell and Lexi. this sends the election at the show is being building up to off the rails. but not everything is as simple as it seems. Lexi talks like she's dead set on removing Ali. however, she knows deep down that she can't really handle the pressure herself. the ending is a focus on how easy it is to judge those making difficult choices. however, when those choices are given to you, that doesn't mean that you have the strength to make the tough decisions, no matter how good of a crate you are. though the society have shown that they are very judgmental to people like Juhi. that doesn't, however, mean well and Ali will fall victims to this. Ali has so much experience that it would be stupid for Lexy to kill her, as she's the only one who truly knows what it's like to lead. there's also the fact that that can't really be any major changes. once the to our house did. everything has a balance currently, and the new leaders will likely not wanted to stabilize this. which cements on how civilization is built on certain expectations, and that politicians can be very little when it comes to changing the big issues. the fact is, people have to do things they don't want to from time to time. there must be rules put in place and jobs in order to get stability in people's lives, in order to, quote, run this town how it should be run. there isn't much that the new leaders can do. and they will no doubt realize in the second season how difficult Ali's shoes are to fill. sure, she made some missteps in finding her feet, but she was never qualified for the position. anyway, going forward, I can see Lexi relying on Ali for advice, unless the townfolk will realize that nothing has really changed with her still making the tough decisions. this will cause even more writing with the town overturning the new leaders in order to reappoint her. as Ali said, Lexie, making people hater is easy, but once that goes away, there's nothing else you can use. and I think season two will have a big focus on this. the next big thing season two should tackle, but probably won't, is why all the adults have disappeared. I've seen many theories, with the majority of people believing that this is all pop an alien or government experiment. but I actually think it's to do with the multiverse. it's paid lip-service in the finale, and seems like it makes the most sense. the school buses clearly drop them off in a replica city rather than their home, which is why things like the graffiti were missing. there's very clear allusions to the Pied Piper, with the mysterious bus driver seeming to have led the children away after the town's fog refused to pay him for clearing the smell. I believe that he has escorted them to a parallel dimension, and it's doing this to punish the parents for their greed. in the end, we see that the parents are still alive and are clearly mourning the ones that have disappeared. and they still live in the same town and are thriving once more. however, these children may to be put in danger by the return of the force that took their and I can see this becoming a big plot point when it returns. all in all, I hope it's something to do with Thanos, but I guess we'll find out in season two. obviously, I love to hear your thoughts on the show and what your theories are going forward. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown on the newly released a chapter 2 trailer, which would be linked at the end. if you'd like to support the show and get something back, make sure you check out our heavy spoilers merchandise, which would be linked below. this is the channel for people who are never missing. television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to deafen issue. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 