welcome to the man of recaps. this is the expanse, season four. so humanity has just activated the ring, an ancient alien artifact with hundreds of portals to distant worlds. so christian avasarala, now secretary general of the united nations of earth, sends our hero james holden to go scope it out. he's the expert on weird alien stuff. he's been front and center for all these adventures so far, including activating the ring, where he had a trippy alien vision of something destroying all these worlds. so we know there's dangers out there. so our ship, the rasanante, is exploring a new alien world. we've got our cowboy pilot, alex, the tough guy amos, whose friend libo will shoot you without a second thought, and genius engineer naomi nagata, who is still dating holden. being a belter who's only ever lived in space, she's taking bone density shots so she can go down onto the planet. they're not the first ones here, though. a group of belters have already colonized it turns out this planet's rich in lithium, and they've been mining it. but an earth-based mining company holds the official mining charter led by security chief mercury. when they landed here, something went wrong. their ship exploded, a bunch of people died, and mercury's pretty sure the belters did it. so as you can imagine, things are pretty tense. but james holden is not here to settle mining disputes. he's here to watch out for crazy alien stuff like these little robot bees. whoa. they make friends with the earth scientist and the belcher doctor. and when amos picks a fight with corporate security, he makes friends with murchie's right-hand woman. in fact, they start doing it. yeah. this is amos's first romance arc, and his super direct, no emotion style is hilarious. anyway, nearby are some gigantic ancient alien structures. there's no apparent way in, but when holden touches it, it opens because he's got detective miller in his head. yeah, that's not the real miller. he's just called the investigator. it's the protomolecule ancient aliens talking through them, through miller's personality. in any case, it's like, hey, kid, you gotta move that plant. it's clogging up the works. so holden does it, and oh, something's activated. it's turned on some crazy digging machine. what's its purpose? holden's not waiting to find out. he blows that thing up. not messing around with dangerous alien stuff this time. elsewhere inside the ring is medina station. remember the old mormon ship? now the flagship of the new official opa navy in charge. here is kamina, drummer, working with the old belcher pirate, ashford. remember they were opposed at the end of last season, but they're good friends now. now, there's a tenuous peace treaty between the belt earth and mars. the belters having the station inside the ring is incredibly important, but they'll only be allowed to keep it if they can keep the peace. a belter pirate has been picking off ships, so they've gotta bring him in. and it is marco anaros. if that name sounds familiar, they've mentioned him before. he's a legendary belter freedom fighter, and, in fact, naomi nagata's baby daddy. they're gonna execute him, but he's incredibly charismatic, talks himself out of it with just a fine hope that doesn't come back to bite him. meanwhile, over on mars, it's gunnery sergeant bobby draper, though sargent no more. she's been kicked out of the military after last season. officer allah wants bobby to come work for her, but everyone already thinks she's an earth spy. she's like, no, thanks. now, her nephew's acting shady, so she follows him. turns out he's got a meth lab going yeah, he's working for some crime gang. aunt bobby lays the smackdown, martian marine style, and tells his white-haired chick who's his boss? hey, my nephew's out. but white-haired chick's not the top boss. it's this bald guy who is a cop. and long story short, bobby's disgruntled with how mars is treating her, so she joins these guys and helps him steal decommissioned military tech no one's gonna miss. anyway. now, back on new terra, which the belters call illis and has a suspicious ring of moons around it that's probably not natural. tension between mercury and the belters has finally turned into outright violence. mercury goes on a killing spree, taking out everyone he thinks blew up his ship that includes the new doctor friend. so naomi helps her escape. turns out naomi's bone injections aren't working, by the way. she's got to go back into space. by the way, mercury's an awful person, but he was 100 right. the belchers did blow up his ship. the doctor tried to stop it, but couldn't. so she's the one who actually blew it. blowing it early saved more lives than if they had waited. she's feeling super bad about it. but naomi got is like, yo, girl, i also used to be an opa terrorist like you better forgive yourself. so once again, it falls to james holden to try to make peace here. he's like, this is not my job. but they have a more pressing problem. one of the ancient alien structures melts down. super tsunami on the way. plus the ring of moon says somehow shut down all spaceship reactors, and any landing pods they send in get burned up. there's no evacuation. their best bet is to ride it out inside the ancient alien structure. so everyone's climbing in there. tsunami on the way. james holden cuts in just in time. everyone's safe. for now. but if supplies get low, things are going to get messy. but there's another new problem. there's a green guck eye infection going around. within a day, it turns you blind. and everyone's infected, everyone except james holden, that is, for mysterious reasons. he's immune. furthermore, the ocean washed in these gross, green slugs. and they're not just gross, they're covered in deadly nerve toxins. so things are real bad down here. everyone's blind, huddled under these slug tarps, with holden the only one who can see. things are bad up in space too, because without their reactors, they can't maintain their orbit. they're gonna fall into the planet. the rosanate has more reserve power than the belter ship, so they attach a space cable to it, give it a little dug. then when the rostanate starts running low on thrusters, they use their new railgun to give them a little boost elsewhere. marco and arose, back on the loose, launches an attack on earth. yeah, throws an empty spaceship at it. they easily defend it, but ava serala is going to bring him in. since the u.n space marines, after him. oh, it's a fun mission, like playing a video game. but, oh, something goes wrong. it was an ambush. they're all dead. this is not good for avasarala. it's an election year, and her opponent, nancy gao, is basically a younger, more likable version of her. and so this mess brings back fred johnson, yeah, one of the big leaders in the opa. the opa leaders have a lot of things they disagree on, but they can all agree they've gotta bring in marco anara. so the inners are gonna come take their station. so it's old space pirate ashford who's gonna go take him down for good. meanwhile, on mars, things are good for bobby draper, running missions with her crew. she briefly gets a hot boyfriend who brings her waffles, but he's gonna go mine asteroids, so they break up. anyway, a new job comes in, but the pay is suspiciously good and the intel is suspiciously vague, so bobby thinks it's a setup. bald guy wants to go through with it though. see, he's not an evil crime boss. he's a nice guy with a family. he's like, look, i need this money because the dream of mars is dead. with the space ring giving access to hundreds of new habitable planets, why would anyone spend another hundred years terraforming mars? so they take the job. but bobby was right. it was a setup. and oh, bald guy gets shot. furthermore, there's a bomb here, and, oh, it explodes this whole anger. bobby and white hair chick managed to escape, but whoever set him up stole some hardcore martian stealth tech. they're in way over their heads. now, back in the blind, deadly alien slug cave, there's a breakthrough when they discover why holden's immune. turns out it's the cancer meds he's been taking from when he was radioacted back at the end of season one. luckily, they can make a cure out of that. and when you're not blind, the slugs on his big a problem. then finally, holden gets another visit from detective miller, but something's very wrong with him. whoa. turns out this is now the real miller. yeah, his consciousness was in there, and he broke free from his alien bonds. he's like, hey, kid, i know how to shut this whole thing down. let's go. so he leads hold into the wild gravity elevator that goes way down into the belly of the beast. there they find a crazy, glowing space hole. and miller's like, all right, i gotta jump into a physical body and get through this thing. but just then, mercury is up to no good. he sends one of his escape pods to the belter ship, but it's rigged to explode. and this guy manages to warn alex just in time to stop it. but the shrapnel, oh, knocks belter doctor up into space. naomi nagata, no fear. oh. going out there to rescue her. then mercury and amos's girlfriend go after holden, but amos is right behind him. all season, the question's been, if it really came to it, would these two fight or work it out? but now it's come to it, and she's not backing down. so amos shoots her cold-blooded. she got a shot off too, though. and mercury's there as well. so the doctor runs to hold him, like, hey, amos is in trouble. holden's like, cool. if a talking robot shows up, throw it through this weird space hole, please. so it's the final showdown between merchry and holden. it's the good old-fashioned duel, but holden wins. meanwhile, ghost miller did manage to possess a robot, so they're gonna throw him through the thing, but oh, the defense system activates and grabs him. and this looks bad, because now the entire planet's activating. yeah, pretty sure this is the thing that would fire a laser through the ring, destroying all of humanity. but the doctors dragging robot miller, gets him through the thing, and, oh, the whole planet shuts down. spaceships have power again, so the rescue mission's easy, and the day is saved. amos and mercury both survive. but amos goads mercury into hitting him, i think, so he has an excuse to beat him to death. avasarala loses her election. in case you care about her marriage, the election put a lot of strain on it. they're taking some space. just then, though, bobby draper reaches out like, hey, if you're still hiring personal security, i'm in now. because it was opa terrorist, marco anarros, who stole the martian stealth tech and is painting an asteroid with it. luckily, ashford tracked him down and boom, burst in there, zero g space, pirate style. yeah, he's kind of old now, but he's still a baller. and gets marco and arose. but wait. now he's captured by philippa narrows, yes, naomi nagata's son. before they execute him, ashford puts his phone on record and tries to get marco to monologue his evil plan. he does love monologuing. but he doesn't reveal his target. and so ashford is sent out into space, singing an old sailor shanty on the way. it is tearjerking. and so marco anaros launches the stealth asteroid. what is his target? it is earth. yeah, the small attack earlier was just to test their defenses. now he knows how to get past him. and that's how season four comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 