if you've seen Aquaman, one of the DCU's most fascinating entries in their universe, then you're aware that the movies mythology briefly shows the dynasty that was the kingdom of Atlantis. so let's dive in. yeah, you see what I did there. once existing on land, then swallowed into the depths of the sea after an experiment gone wrong, this race of people evolved and separated into seven kingdoms. so now that the sequel is confirmed to be coming out on December 16th of 2022, let's get acquainted with the specifics of each of these seven nations. first up is Atlantis, which remains the most technologically advanced society, comprised of some of the fiercest warriors. they are one of the kingdoms that maintain their human-like physiology, gaining enhanced abilities, such as being able to breathe underwater, eyes that adjust to the darkness of the sea and enhance strength to survive the crushing pressures of the deep ocean. they are the largest Atlantean Kingdom and rebuilt most of their destroyed civilization. [Music], Zebulon other--. kingdom that shares the humanoid physiology as atlantis. they share the physical capabilities as atlantis and are just as formidable in combat. they rival Atlantis, but form an alliance in the movie to rise up against the surface world. they are ruled by King Nereus, Mira's father. similar to Atlantis zeb was one of the more honorable, powerful kingdoms the trench. physically, they appear to have devolved into monster like creatures. he's horrifying beastly creatures are the guardians of the hidden kingdom, protecting King Atlanta tried it. they are ruled by the trench king, and they live in the deepest point of the ocean, the Marianas Trench, they are savage and attacked, trespassers of their territory, with no mercy to feed their endless appetite. the trench are drawn to the true leader of Atlantis in the comics, which is similar to them guarding the passage to the trident in the movie. and in the comics, only three of Atlantis kingdoms survive, beings, Ebel, the trench and Atlantis. so it's nice that the other four are being expanded on in the movie universe, the fishermen, they are portrayed as the peaceful civilization of scientists who hope to one day teach the surface dwellers of Atlantean Thwaites. they are philosophers and intellectuals, and they did not maintain their full human appearance, instead evolving to a hybrid human fish-like form. then there's the brine. this kingdom evolved into, appearing more animalistic. these crab like crustaceans prefer to be left alone and not necessarily violent, but their sheer brutality gives them more than enough capabilities of defending themselves, as I've seen in the final battle of the movie. this civilisation resides on the seafloor, and they are considered the best hunters of the Seven Kingdoms. [Music], check this place out. this is bad. the deserters. this kingdom was comprised of the master blacksmith, but were unfortunately wiped out when the sahara dried up and turned into a desert. they crafted the powerful sacred Trident of King Atlin and were among some of the most trusted inhabitants of Atlantis. the missing kingdom and asked for the seventh kingdom. it is not clearly stated in the movie whether the hidden sea at the Earth's core is it? but it is prominent in the movie. this isolated prehistoric land where assume distinct beasts live, is breathtaking. but I'm not too sure if this is actually the seventh kingdom. this will more than likely be explained in the sequels. but what do you think the missing kingdom of Atlantis is? and if you enjoy keeping up with the latest DC news, Marvel news, Gahee news and everything in between, be sure to subscribe and turn on those notifications so you won't miss out on any content like this. thanks for watching, and I'm gonna stop talking now. so 5. [Music]. 