[Music], what is up? YouTube? it's your girl Evelyn. and I am back with the season 1 recap of killing. Eve, be warned, I will be spoiling all of season 1, so proceed with caution. eople ass tree is a board desk-bound mi5 agent who harbors an unexplainable obsession for female serial killers. Eve's mi5 crew includes Elena Felton, her cunning assistant, and Vil par Grave, her best friend and boss. Frank Hilton gets an honourable mention as Eve's top mi5 boss and is generally detested by everyone. villanelle is a cold-blooded, psychopathic assassin with an unexplainable fixation on older women with luscious dark hair. she works for the mysterious 12, a shadowy organization that picks her unfortunate targets. Constantine is a Russian intelligence agent and villanelles handler, playing middleman between her and the 12. he holds a fatherly affection for villanelle, but is very aware of how dangerous she truly is. Eve is late for an emergency mi5 meeting and is being briefed by Elena. it seems, a Russian politician who dabbled in sex trafficking, has been murdered in Vienna. Elena also informs her that mi6 superstar Carolyn Martens has temporarily joined the team. Carolyn works for the mi6 Russian desk, and this is very important to remember. after studying the evidence, Ladykiller obsessed, Eve is convinced a woman did it, and of course, no one takes her seriously. but Eve's ears perk up when she hears there was a witness to the murder. Hacha, the politicians polish girlfriend, fresh off of killing the Russian politician, villanelle, is in Italy ready to dispatch of her next hit. we watch as she seamlessly blends into a private family gathering, then gleefully assassinates her mafioso target by stabbing him in the eye with a hair pin infused with poison. bill informs Eve that this CCTV footage confirms the killer is a man. but Eve is still unconvinced. although her only job is to set up security for Kasia, she goes to the police station to question her. instead, Kasia is traumatized and high and only speaks in Polish. but what she reveals proves Eve right. Kasia calls the killer, flat-chested insinuating it's a woman. Konstantin wakes up villanelle, and, after her conquests from the night before leave, he instructs her to take care of witness Kasia and make it look like a suicide. her recent hits have been attracting too much attention. villanelle is disguised as a nurse and getting ready to off Kasia. she walks out of the bathroom stall and runs into a nervous Eve. Eve has snuck a Polish, sneaking teenager into the hospital to question Kasia in a second unauthorized interview. villanelle is struck by Eve, or more specifically, Eve's hair. she tells Eve to leave it down, then walks out. eve takes villanelles advice, and when she returns to kosh's room, she finds not only Kasia brutally murdered, but a nurse and two guards as well. in the ensuing fallout, Eve is fired for conducting an illegal investigation, amongst other things. but is immediately recruited by Carolyn at the head a secret mi6 task force to track down the female assassin. while villanelle is busy assassinating more people. even gets settled into her new mi6 gig, she recruits Elena and Bill to join a task force, which consists of herself and Kenny, a computer geek and Carolyn's son. meanwhile, Konstantin is concerned by villanelles growing recklessness, like how she slashed Cash's throat when she was supposed to make it look like a suicide. Constantine drags her to a therapist for a check-up. villanelle refuses to be serious, until the therapist asks her if she still dreams of Anna. after the session, Konstantin still isn't convinced villanelles at a hundred percent, and demands she takes some time off and keep a low profile. villanelles version of keeping a low profile is to continue assassinating her target in extravagant way. she kills the high-profile founder of a cosmetics company with poisoned perfume, and absolutely blows while watching the woman die. Constantine is pissed, and the two have a row. he eventually tells villanelle about the secret task force investigating her and the woman in charge of it. villanelle Google's Eve, and lo and behold, it's the luscious haired woman from the bathroom back at mi6 headquarters. Eve has the same realization and puts her team to work searching for the fake nurses identity. villanelles back to doing what she does best, and this time the target is a Chinese businessman, and the setting is a kinky brothel disguised as a medical clinic. villanelle dispatches of the man with her trademark showmanship. and if that weren't enough, she uses Eve's name as an alias. the calling card lures even vil to Berlin. and villanelle sets up shop across the street at a cafe and watches them while even bill learn about the businessman. he was a hacker for the Chinese military. villanelle steals Eve's luggage and hires a middle-aged actress the same size as Eve, or a little roleplay. the Chinese government is conducting their own investigation, and Eve agrees to a dinner date with a lusty official in exchange for information. all the while, villanelle hides in the shadows, watching Eve closely, and even records her private conversations with husband, Nikko. but when villanelle attempts to follow Eve to the meeting with the Chinese official. bill notices her and begins to follow. that's right, he pursues a psychotic serial killer all by himself. Neal is to say, it doesn't end well for Bill, and villanelle stabs him to death in a club. Eve is both grief-stricken and livid after bills funeral, telling Elena she wants to kill villanelle with her bare hands. in Paris, villanelle throws Constantine a birthday party, even though it's not his birthday, like Eve. Constantine is livid with villanelle and tells her that killing Vil was over-the-line. villanelle then lets it slip that she knows Constantine has a daughter. Constantine's shaken, but still informs villanelle that she's been demoted. since she can't be trusted to work alone, she'll have to learn to work with others. villanelle joins her new assassin co-workers, Diego and Nadia, and is immediately attacked by Nadia, a former lover. she double-crossed Diego. Nadia's new lover breaks up the fight. they have a mission to take care of first. their target is Frank Hylton who you may remember as Eve's old mi5 boss. oh, why Frank? Eve is still working through the five stages of grief, and poor hubby, Nico, is trying to be supportive, but all he gets is the cold shoulder. Eve is in a rough place. her best friend is dead, and her marriage is beginning to feel a little rocky. but at least her stolen luggage has been recovered and returned to her. Eve is shocked to find her luggage filled with brand-new designer clothes, a bottle of la villanelle perfume and an apology note from the assassin, thanks to the lusty Chinese officials tip. even crew now possess information linking their former boss, Frank, to some shady electronic transfers. and Eve soon realizes Frank is a department mole being paid off to hinder their investigation into villanelle. now it's a race to locate Frank, even her crew to confront him, and villanelle and her crew to kill him. the killers show up first, and Frank's mother tells them he's gone. but as they're leaving, they see Frank make a break for it, and they give chase. he eventually ditches his car and hides in the bushes. as the assassins close in, they rein gunfire on his car. then, thanks to a little manipulation from villanelle, Nadia kills Diego after the super trustworthy villanelle runs her over twice. while all this is going on, even crew catch up to Frank. Eve calls him and in urges him to make a run for it, but villanelle spots Frank and goes after him. Frank makes it to Eve's car and jumps in, but instead of flooring it, Eve becomes transfixed by the approaching villanelle. after villanelle shoots several bullets into Eve's car, Eve's like, you know what, I'm gonna get out and talk to her. Eve approaches, and villanelle first aims her gun at Eve, then points it at her own head. a terrified Eve screams, and villanelle laughs, shoots at Eve's feet, then disappears. Eve takes Frank to a safe house where he confesses to her and Carolyn about the shady organization that was paying him off. it consists of a group of 12 powerful people who go by the name the 12. Frank says, the 12s only goal is to sow chaos. he also tells her villanelles real name is Oksana. on the way home from the safe house, Eve drives her fist through the glass pane of a bus stop, and afterward, seems shocked by her impulsive violence. back at headquarters, Kenney uncovers more information on villanelle, aka Oksana. one she was a Russian prisoner who supposedly died four years ago. and too, she was incarcerated for killing a man and chopping off his knob. apparently, this is the type of information that gets Eve's juices flowing. she runs home, slips on one of these slinky designer dresses from villanelle, spritzes herself with la villanelle and lets her hair down just the way villanelle likes it. she goes downstairs with a glass of wine to dig into Oksana's prison file, and guess who's waiting for her? Eve is terrified and runs upstairs and hides in the bathroom. villanelle gives chase, and after dousing Eve with water, she convinces her, or forces her, to come downstairs and have dinner. villanelle insists that Eve change into dry clothes. she then tenderly helps Eve undress. and I have to say, after having watched villanelle brutally murder countless people, her gentleness with Eve is almost off-putting. you're just waiting for her to strike. during dinner, villanelle attempts to play the victim and pleased with Eve to help her escape the big bat 12. but Eve sees right through it. she calls villanelle an [ __ ] and a psychopath, then by her real name. Eve demands to know who villanelle works for, and villanelle insinuates that she and Eve probably work for the same people. Eve then reaches for a nice but villanelle easily gets the upper hand and pushes Eve against the fridge. in one of the seasons most sexually charged scenes. Nikko arrives home just in time, and villanelle leaves, but not before swiping Eve's phone and her dress. thanks to the information on Eve's phone. villanelle finds Frank at the safehouse and dispatches of him in characteristic style. she dresses him in Eve's dress and chops off his nob Constantine checks in on villanelle to see how the job went. she lies and tells him that Diego ran over Nadia. therefore, villanelle was forced to shoot him in self-defense. she's full of [ __ ], and Constantine knows it, especially because Nadia is still alive, something that needs to be remedied. villanelle and Constantine arse outside of the Russian prison where Nadia is currently being held. the plan is to smuggle villanelle inside, have her kill Nadia, then sneak her back out. but villanelle is afraid that once she's inside the prison, Constantine will leave her there to rot. back in London, Kenny reports that Nadia was taken to a Moscow prison. and even Carolyn decide to fly to Russia in the hopes of using Carolyn's Russian ties to secure an interview. but before they leave, even Nikko get into yet another squabble, but this one ends in Eve punching him in the face. they touched down in Moscow and immediately hook up with Carolyn's Russian contact and former lover, Vladimir, as well as his colleague, Konstantin. yep, that Constantine, who you'll remember isn't just a creepy 12 goon, but also a Russian intelligence agent. Eve takes an immediate dislike to Constantine, but watches as Carolyn finesses an interview with Nadia from Vladimir in exchange for information Carolyn received from Frank's mom, who really wasn't Frank's mom, but a sleeper Russian agent put in place by the 12. Eve throws in that an assassin named Oksana broken to her house, and perhaps Nadia knows her inside the prison, while villanelle is plotting her kill. Carolyn, Eve and Constantine arrived to interview Nadia. even Carolyn watch as a jacked up Nadia hobbles in. they offer her Asylum and to pluck her out of prison in exchange for any information about the 12. Nadia is about to flip on Constantine when the man himself walks through the door and sits down bhai Eve and Carolyn. Nadia changes tactics and instead tells the women to go find Anna, the wife of the man Oksana killed to land her in prison in the first place. later on, even Carolyn are having drinks when Carolyn confesses to having had affairs with both Vladimir and Constantine back in the day. she also admitted to letting Vladimir take the blame in the 80s for leaked information related to a plot to sell plutonium, although her true source was Constantine. he becomes suspicious of just how close Carolyn and her Russian exes are. she calls London and has Kenney investigate Carolyn's claims. Eve then goes behind Carolyn's back and attempts to strike a deal with Vladimir. even wants Nadia in exchange for the Russian sleeper agent in mi6 custody. vlad tells her to kick rocks and is about to leave when Eve tells him she knows he didn't leak the plutonium plot to Carolyn all those years ago. even cysts, she knows who Carolyn's real source was, and will give Blatt a mere proof. we can't forget about our girl, villanelle, who still has a job to do. back in the pin she stabs two guards and finally kills Nadia, who, prior to being killed, was able to write a note to Eve and slip it outside her cell door. villanelle is then sent to solitary confinement, where her initial fears are realized. Constantine has left her inside to rot. it's the next morning, and Eve catches Carolyn sneaking into the hotel wearing the same outfit from the night before. Carolyn tells her Vladimir had a sudden change of heart and is now willing to give them Nadia. before Eve can question her further, Carolyn gets word that Nadia has been murdered over breakfast. Eve asked Constantine for an interview with Nadia's murderer, but he refuses. Eve is convinced villanelle killed Nadia, but Carolyn's like, oh well. Carolyn takes Eve to the mi6 Moscow headquarters where Kenny has just been flown in to help. Eve is convinced villanelle is the prisoner who killed Nadia. and after Kinney offers to hack into the prison surveillance system to find out, Carolyn suddenly orders both of them back to London. even Knorr the orders, and she and Kenny stay in Russia. Kenny's research utter some freaky love letters between his mother and Constantine from the 70s. and Eve now has the proof she needs to convince Vladimir of Carolyn's betrayal. meanwhile, back in the pen, villanelle is finally released from solitary, and in some crazy-ass beatrix she's freed from prison by operatives from the 12. she then meets her new handler, Anton, who she immediately kills, but not before he gives her her next target. Constantine, taking Nadia's advice, he finds Anna and learns about Oksana's past. Anna was Oksana's teacher and felt drawn to help the violent girl who no one seemed to care for. Oksana soon became infatuated with Anna, gifting her expensive clothing and perfume. when Anna tried to put the brakes on things, Oksana killed her husband, and, as we already know, chopped off his knob. anna tells Eve that a few months ago she received a designer white coat in the mail, and has a hunch it's from Oksana. Eve cuts open the coats lining and finds villanelles passport and a wad of cash, which Eve stuffs in her purse. and as she's leaving, anna tells her to be careful because she's villanelles type. back at Moscow, HQ, Kenny has hacked into the prison surveillance system, and Eve watches footage of Carolyn meeting with villanelle before her escape. villanelle is now a free agent and poor Konstantin finds this out the ha way. he arrives home to find his family missing and villanelle waiting for him. she has hidden his family somewhere, and although she's going to kill him, she might spare his family if he's a good boy. while she questions him, she forces him to take handfuls of pills with whiskey. she asks him who the 12 are, but he says he doesn't know, because he isn't a keeper. then constantine makes a run for it and just manages to get away. villanelle is holding Constantine's daughter, Irina, hostage. and he seeks out Eve and Carolyn's help. he confesses that he's villanelles next target, but of course, he has no idea why, thinking villanelle might contact on a next even konstantin raced to Ana's house, but villanelle has already beaten him there, with Irina in tow. villanelle searches for the passport and money she hid in the white coat, but instead finds a note left by Eve. Anna and villanelle then have a good old-fashioned standoff, which ends in Anna committing suicide. villanelle then calls Eve and offers her a deal, Constantine's daughter for villanelles money and passport. villanelle and Irina meet Eve and Constantin at a cafe. although even villanelle have their guns trained on each other, neither can bring themselves to shoot. villanelle shoots konstantin in the stomach, then takes off with her loot. on their way home to London, Carolyn tells Eve and Kenny that Konstantin has died, and more importantly, she knows all about E's secret deal with Vladimir and how Kenny stole her love letters to Constantine. she then fires both of them. Eve is now a lone wolf, and her obsession with villanelle has reached an all-time high. with Elena's help, she tracks down villanelle to her Paris apartment, where the two find themselves, once again, alone together. and after a few minutes of chatting, things get real. Eve tells villanelle she thinks about her all the time, and villanelle responds the same, confessing to Eve she also enjoys masturbating while thinking of her. they lied next to each other on villanelles bed. Eve, I've never done anything like this before villanelle, it's okay, I know what I'm doing. moments before the twisted love scene we've waited all season for, Eve pulls out a knife and stabs villanelle in the stomach. Eve seems more shocked than villanelle and runs to the kitchen to find something to stop the bleeding. villanelle shoots at Eve from the bedroom, and when Eve returns from the kitchen, villanelle is gone. and that is it for the recap. thank you guys so much for watching. don't forget to subscribe so you don't miss the rest of my killing Eve videos. and I'll see you guys next week. 