[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2013 musical fantasy film frozen. so let's get started. Princess Elsa possesses powers that allow her to control ice and snow. after Elsa accidentally injures her younger sister Anna while playing, their parents take them to a group of trolls led by grandpappy. he heals Anna and removes her memories of Elsa's magic. the king and queen isolate the sisters within their castle. Elsa shuts Anna out and suppresses her powers. however, when the sisters are teenagers, both their parents die at sea. when Elsa turns 21, she is crowned queen, and the castle is open to the public for her coronation. the guests include the scheming Duke of weselton and Prince Hans of whom honor falls in love with at first sight. when Hans proposes to Hannah, Elsa objects accidentally, unleashing her powers before the court. the Duke brands her a monster. Elsa flees to the north where she builds a palace of ice, but also unintentionally engulfs all of the countryside of arendelle in an a eternal winter. anna takes off to find elsa and end the winter, leaving Hans in command. she meets with Kristoff and his reindeer, Sven, convincing them to take her into the mountains. Kristoff slay is destroyed by walls, and they continue on foot. they meet Olaf, a cheerful snowman brought to life unknowingly by Elsa, who offers to lead them to her. Hans sets out to find Anna and Elsa. Elsa becomes upset when she realizes what happened to arendelle, and accidentally freezes her sisters heart. she then makes a giant snow monster named marshmallow, who chases the group away. Kristoff takes honor to the trolls. grand pabbie reveals that anna will eventually freeze solid, unless an act of true love reverses the spell. Kristoff races home so Hans can give her true love's kiss. Hans reaches Elsa's Palace, defeating marshmallow and capturing Elsa. Anna is delivered to Hans, but he laksana in a room to die, revealing that his plan was to take over the throne Olaf freeze. Anna jon's confronts Elsa, claiming that he killed Anna, causing Elsa to break down honest pots Hans about to kill Elsa, leaps in the way and freezes solid. devastated, Elsa hugs and mourns over her sister, who thaws out her heroism, constituting an act of true love, realizing that love is the key to controlling her magic. Elsa ends the winter, both Hans and the duke arrested and exiled from the kingdom. anna gives Kristoff a new sleigh, and the two kiss. Elsa promises never to lock down the castle gates again. so that was the spoilers for frozen. if you have another film you'd like to see us spoil, please let us know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 