the two men are studying the world problem of infertility. sudden, sister ginfa feels something is wrong. she stopped researching. want to go out and see bearded brother said. she made a fuss. at this moment, there was a loud noise. heaven and earth plunged into darkness. only a ball of fire outside the window is shining screen turn a cute little baby is growing up. is it a godsend? let these two people unlock the world problem of infertility. ten years have passed in a blink of an eye. boy has grown up. boys are always silent. in class, a man painted a strange symbol. today, the teacher asked a question about bees. no one in the class knows the answer. the boy's answer shocked everyone, but it also attracted ridicule from the whole class. only xiaomei gave him encouraging eyes. in the middle of the night, the boy entered his dream. suddenly, a strange sound rang. the boy convulsed violently in the bed. he seems to be called somehow sleepwalking, like crawling out of the room and disappearing into the long night. sister blonde feel something is wrong. she looks around. finally, i saw my son kneeling on the ground in a warehouse. it seems to have some kind of magic. madly pulling the basement door, still muttering. blonde sister stretched her hand to her son's shoulder. suddenly, [Music], the boy is finally quiet. sister blonde looked at the basement door. but i feel uneasy in my heart. is there some kind of hidden secret underneath? bearded brother asked her, what's going on? sister blonde had to make up a prevarication. brother beard goes out the next day, let my son mow the lawn. no matter how hard he works, the lawnmower just won't start. the boy suddenly got mad and pulled the heavy lawnmower flew out. suddenly, boy looking at hands. can't believe my eyes. is there really some kind of magic hidden in the body he found the lawnmower? want to verify again. sure enough, the boy is not a normal person. the child suddenly possesses uncontrollable, supernatural power. not a good thing. besides, he has a strict father. this day, the boy celebrated his 12th birthday. uncle gave him a shotgun as a gift. brother beard said it was too dangerous to confiscate it. the boy suddenly furious. a birthday party just broke up like this. soon, a series of weird things happened. bearded brother found that the boy twisted the fork into a twist easily. blonde's sister also found that her son collected a lot of bloody photos. to compensate for their son, they decided to go camping. obviously, mr beard still doesn't know the situation. he regarded his son's weird behavior as the sprout of adolescence. the dunky head is wrong with the horse's mouth. the sun disappeared. that night. the computer in xiaomei's bedroom suddenly turned on in the middle of the night, playing strange music. she got up and turned off the computer and turned around. music plays again. xiaomei looked back the closed computer turned on by itself. the terrified xiaomei closed the computer again. i also pressed [Music]. definitely said, the person outside the window is her classmate. the other side, blonde's sister panicked, looking for her son in the woods. the boy suddenly appeared behind her sister. blondie was shocked. you need to know the two places are 30 kilometers apart, obviously, the boy has the ability to teleport. i found a boy with supernatural power. the next day, start designing exclusive superman clothes for myself and the unique logo. sister blonde praised him for his good paintings, but don't know the dangers coming. bearded brother saw his son staring at the chicken coop. strangely, those chickens seemed to be frightened. so nervous, he asked his son what he was doing, and he remained silent. the beard brother was awakened by the cry in the middle of the night and walked over to take a look. all the chickens were brutally killed. he suspects that his son did it because the wolf can't open the lock. but jin jin still doesn't believe it. how could such an honest child do such a cruel thing? at the second day of physical education, the teacher let's play the game of willow in the wind. it's the person in the middle falling down around other students take the initiative to help. since the last fright, xiaomei is afraid of the boy. she intentionally doesn't help. let the boy fall heavily to the ground. xiaomei also scolded the boy as a monster. the classmates roared with laughter at the teacher's request. xiaomei had to help. unexpectedly, the boy used a little force. xiaomi's mother found school scolding a boy as a freak. not only broke my daughter's arm and sneaked into her room, asked the police to arrest him. the sheriff and principal only agreed to let the boy take a leave of absence for psychological counseling. the boy's eye is looking out the window. xiaomei's mother felt a deep fear come home. sister blonde told brother beard about the boy going to the warehouse. this makes brother beard very upset, because the boy is not their own, and this child grows up sold. i have never been injured. it's not normal at all. night the boy heard the call again. in his dream. he came to the basement and trembled. keep repeating in order to conquer. red light flashes in the basement. all the magic in the boy is awakened. sister blonde was attracted by the red light and ran over to check. she found her son was hanging in the air with her yelling. the sun suddenly fell and was scratched by a machine. this is the first time my son was injured. and there stood a huge spaceship in the basement. i can't hide it anymore. jin jin had to tell the truth. it turned out that one night, 12 years ago, a spaceship suddenly crashed near her home. they found a cute baby in the space capsule. the couple who were worrying about not having a child, adopted him. and this baby is the boy. now i'm grateful to hear that these boys have not been adopted. i only feel angry. when i was concealed, he broke the photo and rushed out of the house, repeating instructions in the mouth. two horrible rays of light suddenly appeared in the eyes. [Music]. he came to xiaomi's house again, express your favor to her, but was rejected. xiaomei said, my mom told me not to talk to you, completely irritating the boy who will be doomed. this time in a closed restaurant, many strange symbols appeared on the glass, inexplicably. then the lights flickered in the wind gusts suddenly, the ceiling light burst. the glass pierced this woman's eyeballs. she hurriedly hid in the storeroom. the heavy iron gate was easily cut open by a light. in a trance, a boy in weird dress flew towards her. xiaomi's mother is missing. the attentive sheriff spotted a weird symbol the other side. the boy is counseling with his aunt. ant's surprise discovery, boys have no sense of violence and talk about his own uniqueness. it seems to him that killing is nothing great. ant decided to report the result of psychological counseling to the sheriff. at night, the boy suddenly came to warn his aunt, if you dare to tell the sheriff about him, i want you to look good. how could auntie be threatened by a little kid? the uncle who came home was scared by the boy in a weird mask. he grabs the boy and prepares to send him home. the boy suddenly burst into flames in his eyes, shoot uncle more than 10 meters. uncle was completely frightened. he hurriedly drove away. on the way, the car was controlled by the boy and fell from a height of tens of metres. before death. he found that the boy was dipped in blood from him drew a strange symbol. he seems to enjoy the pleasure of killing. boy go home shirtless. he lied to his parents to play football with his classmates. sister blonde received news of her brother's death in the hospital. my younger siblings told them the boy used to go to their house. brother beard feels something is wrong. the next day, sister blonde told the boy's uncle's death. he continued to eat without expression. beard asked if he went to his uncle's house last night. the boy didn't want to answer and turn to leave. brother beard grabbed him. the boy was suddenly furious and pushed him away, seemingly lightly push brother beard flew straight out, smashed the cabinet, and the family was terrified by his energy. taking advantage of the boy's opportunity to take a bath, guy beard found the boy's hidden clothes. it was covered with blood. he concluded that his brother's death was related to the boy. but jin jin didn't want to believe it. a 12 year old boy would lift a car. it must be brother beard drinking with his brother last night caused this car accident. brother beard was helpless to take the boy out to hunt. i want to take the opportunity to make a break the other side. the sheriff found the same symbol in two cases. by reasoning, he thinks this symbol is the two letters b. it's the abbreviation of the boy's name. brother beard took the boy away. the next day, the sheriff found sister blonde, ask her if she has seen this kind of symbol. sister blonde lied that she had never seen it before. actually, she knew her son had painted such a pattern a long time ago. send away the sheriff. sister blonde open her son's picture album. in addition to these symbols, there are more scary content, wearing a mask and a cloak, to shoot through the eyeball, to control a car. in the end, it is to destroy the earth, conquer the human blonde sister looks terrified. husband's worries are right. she called quickly, but it was too late. at the same time, beard brought the boy to the woods. after struggling for a long time, he finally raised the shotgun, pull the trigger at this son who has been raising for more than 10 years. the bullet hit the boy's head, but he was bounced away. the boy turned and looked at brother beard. if he used to have a trace of kindness to his adoptive parents, this shot completely irritated him. hurriedly, load the bullet and raise the gun. the boy has disappeared. the big thing is not good. he turned and ran. the boy reappears, already wearing a weird costume. he shut the beard directly with a golden light. the boy connected to sister blonde's phone, warned bearded brother on the phone, be careful of your son. he will really kill at this time, the boy is floating in the air. he stared at the door and didn't do anything. the police rushed to receive an alarm call from sister blonde. as soon as i arrived at the door, i was taken away by a gust of wind. sister blonde fled outside the house, hand scratched. she suddenly remembered that the boy had also been scratched by the spacecraft. maybe that's the way to restrain him. sister blonde rushed to the warehouse immediately remove a piece of metal from the spacecraft as a weapon. suddenly, turning around, she saw the tragic death of xiaomei. blonde's sister has no time to be sad. she is going to influence the boy to wait for the maneuver. listening to sister blonde talk about the suffering of nurturing these years, the boy seems to feel the warmth. the two embraced tightly behind their backs. sister blonde has quietly raised her weapon. when he succeeded, the boy suddenly grabbed her hand. with a pained expression on his face, he yelled. he hugged sister blonde and flew directly to the sky above the clouds. the boy is expressionless, slowly let go of his hands, blonde sister falling into the clouds. at this time, a passenger plane is coming. the next day, 268 passengers died at the scene of the air crash. a blood-red cymbal was left on the wreckage of the plane. the expressionless world is destined to be not peaceful with him. the story ends here. after watching the movie, summarize the eight words, adoption is risky and spoiling needs to be cautious. 