welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and if you're one of the last of us that actually enjoyed part two, then this is the video for you. that the both of you. though there's a lot of people online saying that the game is a big golf swing in a Miss, there's actually some cool Easter eggs in it, definitely are worth talking about. throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down the best of them and what you might have missed on your playthrough. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to finish the game yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy it. without the way, thank you for clicking this. and let's get into our breakdown of the Last of Us, part 2. ok. so Sony loved dropping their tech into games. across the board, there's a bunch of consoles lying around, and you might have spotted these whilst playing the game. not only is there a character that Ellie brutally stabs in the neck, was playing a PS Vita, because I'm guessing she must be an Xbox fan. but there's also a ps3 in the game. when you're going through you genes that will home away from home, you can actually find a PlayStation 3 in this room. The Last of Us part one was, of course, released on the PlayStation 3, and it quickly became one of the best games on the console. we can see next to it there are other classics by Naughty Dog, including jak and daxter, uncharted 2, and what looks like it could be the box art for uncharted one. underneath it in the Last of Us part one timeline, the cordyceps outbreak actually happened just before the PlayStation 4 was about to be released, and thus this is still seen as the height of gaming technology. I think all the calendars in the game actually also stopped at 2013, which shows that the world ended then. little did they know, though, the world actually ended in 2020. because, yeah, this. this, yes, sucks. there are also some videotapes in Newton's secret room that give you an idea of what the guy was actually into. these are M I can't really say it on YouTube without getting demonetised, but let's just say they would feature on a website that has the word hub in it and begins with a P. the first is dong of the wolf, which is a play on the fake movie in the first game called dawn of the wolf. and there's also one called smash Brandis couch, which is a reference to, well, I'm sure you can guess. we don't find one called Nathan snake or Naughty Dog, but hey, if you want to use them, guys, go ahead. Nathan snake, going into uncharted territory definitely sounds like a winner to me. now, uncharred also pops back up in the game when we see a picture of Nathan Drake. nolan north, he voiced the character, didn't even know he was in The Last of Us part two. so it's clear that the creative team hid this away from, well, pretty much everyone. keen explorers may also come across a Nathan Drake's ring. during that time at West Lake Bank, the lobby is lettered with infected. however, if you make your way to the vault and use the code sixty 2306, you'll gain access to the inner workings of it and the safety deposit boxes. here you'll find Nathan Drake's ring, which has the words SiC parvis magna engraved into it. this means greatness from small beginnings, which is sort of a mantra of Naughty Dog, who built themselves up as a game studio over the past couple of decades before beating themselves over the head with a golf club and spitting on their legacy. I'm just kidding, Abbie. yeah, you know, you know I love you. stay away from me. speaking of Abbie, when playing is her in Seattle, it's actually possible to find the precursor rope from jak and daxter quite early on. when you're exploring buildings. they all will be located in a room, on a table. this is listed as a strange artifact. however, fans of the jak and daxter franchise will know its true name. it also appeared in the Uncharted series - and seems to be somewhat of an easter egg Naughty Dog like to leave in their games. I mean, come on, it's it's literally an egg shape. in addition to this, you should also be able to find a Jack X combat racing arcade machine when working your way through the game. this was only available on the PlayStation 2, but it still shows just how much a naughty dog like to seed their games into other titles. when going through the WUF base, you should also be able to see someone playing jak and daxter on the Vita. in addition to this, neil druckmann, the game director, can also be found in the game - no, he's not the guy that spits on Joel. and even had to come out and say this. however, if you explore Seattle is Ellie, you should able to come across his trading card, or rather, dr. Oakman. go off the beaten path and into one of the run-down buildings, and you should come across the little easter egg, to which ali remarks, hello - when discovering according to the information on the card, dr. Oakman was once well respected, but he was ostracized after pushing human limits with very fourth-wall breaking. the code says that he moves about from location to location and longs for the days when all his subjects are seen as equal. there's also an issue of savage starlight, which is a comic book series that's been laced throughout the games early and y'all talk about it when journeying to get some new guitar strings. and you can actually find a copy of the comic in the game at one point. last there was two also references the earlier game with a cute little toy that can be found after alien diner first get out of the storm. there's a little stuffed giraffe. and Ali even yachts down a couple of notes about it. this is obviously a reference of the prior entry in which the character and Joel came across some towards the end of the game. it was one of the most emotional parts of The Last of Us, that showed there was still be in the world. and it's definitely cool to see it brought back up here. the photo of Joel's daughter, Sarah - pops up in Joel's house when he go back to it after the character's death. Sarah, of course, was Joel's daughter in the first game, and she was sadly killed during the opening. I'm not crying, you're crying. Allie also discovers Joel's broken watch, which Sarah gave him is a present on his birthday, which actually shows the exact time that she died. Ellie, of course, sort of became Joel's surrogate daughter, and clearly he did finally get over her death and put the watch to rest. as much as I have mixed feelings on the game, I absolutely love to see these elements pop back up here. and it shows it just how much Joel cared for Ellie. we can also see a white rabbit out of the window and some snow. just as you first take control of Ellie in the last of us, there was a chapter in which she took control of her - and killed a lovely, innocent white rabbit in some snow. so overall, this imagery does indeed bring up the iconography of stepping back into her shoes. through flashbacks. you get a lot of things filled in about their relationship, including one of Ellie's birthdays. here we get a number of cool little Jurassic Park Easter eggs that show the movie actually existed in the Last of Us world. The Last of Us world more like the lost world. I'm alright, don't stop with em puns. Joel tells her the plot of the movie throughout the chapter. and you can also see a film accurate t-rex, which you can climb up, geo remarks on a statue of a large dinosaur. and also calls it a velociraptor, which Ellie points out is incorrect. this is a nod to the film. as in real life, Raptors were very small, and probably only half the height of a human. Spielberg and Cole made them bigger for the movie in order to make them more intimidating. so this is a cool little nod to that bit of movie trivia. it's at this point of the game you can also find a pallet in the water, which gel remarks at them, no longer needing. in the first game, Ellie was unable to swim, and thus they had to use these to get her around. and it sort became an in-joke that there were just tons of pallets everywhere. however, in this game, she can swim, so it's no longer needed. when you go to sea out like gate west to you'll find a safe that needs the code is zero, four, five, one, to unlock it. this is actually a famous game code that appeared as a combination for multiple locks across the medium. it's popped up in deus ex, bioshock, alien isolation system, shock thief and a lot more. I had no idea about this, so shout outs the GamesRadar for pointing it out. and it's gonna be a code that I try on every lock before googling to see what the safe combination is. be honest, you google the safe codes to don't you? now, there's actually a lot of games that use it, and there are multiple Supercuts on YouTube that go over every time it's popped up in a game before. it just seems to be a running joke at this point. but I'm telling you, if I see you safe or a door, I'm using it. and lastly, is a reference of the movie taken. Ellie is, of course, on a quest for revenge throughout the game, and at the end of it, she tracks ABI down and almost beats her to death. however, Ellie has a change of heart and decides at the last minute not to murder her, and she lets her and lab escape. this is a reference to the Liam Neeson movie taken, in which he says down the phone, I will find you, and I will forgive you. I'm just kidding that that's, that's it. I've ruined the video. anyway, that's the best Easter eggs in the game. I'm sure there's a ton that I didn't come across. but those are the ones that stuck out to me the most. now obviously, I'd love to hear which ones were your favorite. and if you found any that we missed, comment below and let us know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our full story breakdown and ending explain, which is going to be linked at the end. we go over the ins and outs of the plot and the final few scenes. so it's definitely worth checking out. if it left you with any questions, if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. if you want to come chat aside for the show, either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to be + subscribe to the channel. and this month II can when the MCU and finicky Saga box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video and make sure you subscribe with notifications on. the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the one is going to be chosen at random on the 15th of July, and the set will be shipped out from name to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck that everybody takes part. Cheers. [Music] you. [Music] you 