hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2011 film, Captain America, the First Avenger. so let's get started. there are a lot of Marvel movies that have already came out and are all interconnected. if you need some refreshers, check out my playlist with plenty of spoilers below. the film begins in 1942 with Nazi officer Johann Schmidt and his men entering into a German occupied Norwegian town, looking for a mysterious relic known as the tesseract, which is said to have untold powers. at the same time, Steve Rogers endless in the US. military despite his various health and physical problems. with the help of his friend Bucky and dr. Abraham Erskine, Rogers is put into an experimental super soldier program, and it is revealed that the Nazi officer Schmidt underwent an earlier version of this procedure, having some serious side effects. Rogers undergoes the procedure, becoming significantly more muscular and strong. back in Europe, Schmidt and dr. Zola begin to use the power of the tesseract in order to try to take over the world. Schmidt discovers dr. Erskine's location and has amis hacen aided. right after he completed Rogers procedure, Rodger captures the assassin, but the assassin commits suicide in order to avoid interrogation with Erskine dead, the super-soldier formula is lost. with his new powers, Rogers is sent to tour the nation in a colorful costume, given the title Captain America, and is told to promote war bonds. while visiting Italy, Rogers finds out that his friend, Bucky's unit went missing in a battle and Schmidt's forces. Rogers teams up with a British agent, Peggy, and the engineer Howard Stark, who, sidenote, is Tony Stark's, aka Iron Man's father. Rogers infiltrates the fortress of Schmitz Hydra organization and frees Bucky and the other prisoners. Rogers battles against Schmidt, who has a red skull like face underneath his mask, giving him the title the red skull. Schmidt is able to escape, and Rogers returns the soldiers. Rogers and the soldiers attack several known Hydra bases using advanced equipment supplied by Howard Stark, including a circular shield made of vibranium, a nearly indestructible metal. Rogers is able to capture dr. Zola, but during the capture, Bucky falls from the terrain and appears to be dead from dr. Zola's information. Rogers locates the final Hydra base in Rogers stop Schmidt, aboard a plane, from using the tesseract to cause massive casualties all over the world. the container for the tesseract is damaged, and Schmidt physically touches the tesseract, causing him to dissolve into bright light. the tesseract falls and burns to the floor of the plane into the ocean. Rodgers crashes the plane into the Arctic in order to prevent the on board payload from possibly hurting anyone else. stark recovers the tesseract from the ocean floor, and the wreckage and Rogers are unable to be located, so Rogers is presumed dead. Rogers awakens in a 1940s style hospital room, but soon realizes that something is wrong and rushes out of the hospital, right into present-day Times Square. the shield director Nick Fury then informs Rogers that he has been asleep for nearly 70 years. in a post-credits scene, we see fury and Rogers discussing possible future missions that will affect the entire world. so that was the spoilers for Captain America, the First Avenger. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 