Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2019 American black comedy horror film called 'Villains'. The film is written and directed by Dan Berk and Robert Olsen. Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Mickey and Jules, two lovebirds dressed in animal masks, clumsily loot a gas station and flee, enjoying their final sting before heading to Florida. Their automobile runs out of petrol while travelling through the woods. Jules discovers a mailbox, and the pair comes across a big lonely home. They notice a car in the garage, but the home looks to be vacant. After smashing down the front door, they proceed to the basement in search of a gas can, where they discover a young girl, filthy and silent, tied to a column. They return upstairs to find a method to free the girl, but they are met by the homeowners, George, Gloria, and their baby son Ethan, who are startled. George and Gloria provide money gently, but Jules insists on knowing why the little girl is below. George says that their 'Sweetiepie' is in the basement for discipline. Mickey threatens them with his gun, but George calms them down and persuades them to sit down and speak. Mickey has his gun primed while George calmly offers them the option of simply taking their vehicle and driving away, claiming that he would be considerably less inclined to call the cops if they abducted Sweetiepie. Micky refuses their offer and supports Jules' desire to release the girl, compelling George to unlock her at gunpoint. Mickey, free of her shackles, attempts to persuade Sweetiepie to come forward, but she bites his hand. Gloria restrains Jules after George knocks him out. Mickey awakens tied to a bed, Gloria dancing in front of him in lingerie, but she is disappointed when he does not have an erection. Mickey apologises the next time Gloria pays him a visit. He seduces her and persuades her to let go of him, then pushes her away and flees. Mickey recoils at a near gunshot as he tries to flee. George fires again, wounding him in the leg, and ties him up with Jules in the basement. Mickey learns he can pick the locks on their handcuffs with Jules' tongue ring, and after tearing it out, he uncuffs her. Jules tries to pick Mickey's cuff lock, but she breaks her tongue ring and is forced to seek aid on her own. Sweetiepie suggests using the laundry chute as an escape route. George believes Jules has escaped and assaults Mickey in search of information. Mickey lies and tells George that Jules has already left the home and is waiting for Mickey to join her at their meeting point, and that if Mickey does not show up in an hour, she will call the police, so George agrees to let Mickey go. Jules hides upstairs in Ethan's nursery, only to discover that he is a porcelain doll covered in a blanket. She overhears Mickey and George conversing downstairs and misinterprets their discussion as George threatening to kill Mickey rather than let him go. Jules uses 'Ethan' as leverage, and when she walks out onto the landing, she threatens to drop the doll and demands that they release Mickey. An furious Gloria shoots at her, prompting Jules to drop the doll, which shatters on the floor. While Gloria prepares a dinner, the prisoners are duct tied to the dining table. Gloria has always wanted a child, but George has been unable to provide for her. They abducted Sweetiepie to be their child, but Sweetiepie just served to remind Gloria of the children she could never have. Gloria wanted to murder Sweetpie, but George believed keeping her in the basement would be more compassionate. Gloria tells Jules that her mother gave her 'Ethan' as a present when she was a child and died soon after. Mickey and Jules begin to feel queasy after eating food that has been tainted with what was discovered in Jules' bag. George says that after Mickey and Jules pass out, he and Gloria would give them heroin and then report them as two drug addicts who overdosed while stealing them. A police officer knocks on the door to notify George that the thieves' car has been seen nearby as Mickey and Jules begin to lose consciousness. The officer requests to come in and check about, but there is no trace of Mickey and Jules, who Gloria has concealed in a bedroom. The cop goes down to the basement but is called away before he gets to meet Sweetiepie. Jules awakens from her drug overdose and crawls to her suitcase across the room, snorting a cocaine bump. She regains her strength and injects cocaine into Mickey's nostrils to give him a 'boost' and rouse him up. When George and Gloria return, the room is vacant and the window is open, so they go outside to explore the surrounding land. Mickey and Jules never left the home and simply fooled George and Gloria into believing they did. They take advantage of the situation by grabbing Sweetiepie and stealing the homeowners' car keys. Before they can go, George reappears and waits on the driveway with his rifle. Mickey urges Jules and Sweetiepie to duck before driving forward, running over George and inflicting deadly bullet wounds. Sweetiepie takes up his gun and fatally shoots George in the skull as George, wounded but alive, drags Jules out of the car and tries to strangle her. Gloria walks out to see her blood-soaked husband and collapses next to him in hysterical ecstasy, saying that he is simply sleeping and that they are ready to depart to begin a new life. Jules and Sweetiepie set out on foot to Florida, intending to hitch a ride. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 