finally, he also harbored suspicions about jerry, about where his brother's money came from. when jack and bobby manage to find a camera at the residence of his mother's killer, angel also gets information that jerry is apparently involved with a criminal. and one of angel's acquaintances tells him to meet a city councilman named douglas, because he knows who jerry involved with. the next day, when the two angel brothers were cleaning themselves, angel told him about something he had just found out, namely, about oddity with jerry. angel tells all his suspicions about jerry. he then asks bobby to meet a city councilman named douglas to ask who involved with jerry. meanwhile, he would find out something else. finally, after jack and bobby finished their business, they went straight to the place where the city council was and immediately arrested douglas, who was just about to leave his office. there he inquired about douglas's knowledge of jerry's involvement. at first, douglas did not want to answer, and instead ignored them both, until finally bobby gave a little lesson when douglas was in his car. bobby immediately doused douglas's car with gasoline and told jack to light his cigarette. finally, douglas gave in and he rolled down his car window and said one name, victor sweet. the situation gets more complicated and heated when the mercer family is looking for a conspiracy of their adopted brother and the murder of his mother. green actually found something wrong with his co-worker in the police, namely fowler. while in his office, he saw cctv footage showing fowler talking to evelyn, even though fowler said he didn't know who evelyn was. then again, shown the mercer family gathered at a bowling club, where angel gave the information he had just obtained. angel said that if it turned out that jerry was known to borrow money from several people, one of them was a big man named evander bearson, who was in the same place as them. when the mercer were talking about jerry, they surprised by jerry's presence, who approached evan and gave him an envelope, suspecting that it was the money that jerry paid to pay off his debt. the three of them finally moved closer to evan and asked him to immediately return the envelope that jerry gave evan, who was with his family at that time, did not want to take the risk. finally, he returned the envelope that jerry gave him. another time, douglas approached his boss, victor sweet to report what had just happened. apparently, victor had known about it beforehand when evan recounted the same incident. but victor asked douglas, did he mention his name in front of bobby? at first douglas lied. but victor found out about it, and he immediately ordered douglas to gather with the small children at their table. after that, he told the children to go upstairs with his mother and asked evan to prepare a gun. in the mercer family situation, after they find out that jerry is corrupt, bobby asks angel to send jerry to their mother's house in the morning. you can see the look on bobby's face, who is really angry, because he knows his brother is corrupt. the next day, when jerry just arrived, he beaten by bobby, who asked why jerry took his mother's insurance money of 400 000 just to hire a killer like victor. at first, jerry was silent and took a beating from bobby and angel. but after everything stopped, he turned things around, beating angel and saying that he didn't hire victor as a hitman. jerry actually turned on his missing siblings because after they separated, he was the only one who supported their mother, evelyn. he's risking all that money for a project he's working on so he can support evelyn and help her adopted sibling in the future. hearing jerry's explanation made all his adoptive brothers silent because they had just learned the truth from jerry. when angel and bobby were arguing with jerry, jack, who was sitting at that time, suddenly heard a knock. he went to his door and saw a man throwing a pile of snow and holding up his middle finger. this triggered his emotions so that jack tried to chase the man. but after jack left his house, the mysterious, masked man suddenly turned around and fired his gun right at jack's left chest. he immediately winced in pain and screamed. not long after, several cars suddenly arrived, and several people who were also wearing masks, got out of the car while shooting at residents of the mercer family. jack, who couldn't do anything, just stood on the side of the road while holding back the pain he received. meanwhile, angel, jerry and bobby try to fight off a gang of gunmen they don't recognize, while taking cover in the house. luckily, bobby and angel managed to kill some of them, including jerry, who never killed anyone, but because of the pressure of the situation, he stabbed people who tried to sneak into their house through the back door. then jerry went out and went straight to his car. meanwhile, bobby and angel continue to try to protect themselves. angel, who had pressed immediately went upstairs to outwit their movement. and as a result, angel managed to kill one person, so that the situation was now balanced. but after that, angel and bobby ran out of bullets to kill the one remaining person. finally, with a reckless attitude, bobby took a stone and threw it right at the mysterious man's face. and then he beat him up. while bobby was chasing him, a car suddenly turned toward him. luckily, bobby managed to survive. when jerry suddenly came and immediately drove the car away. then, after all the mysterious men killed, the three of them, immediately approached jack to help. but unfortunately, jack has lost blood due to extraordinary bleeding. and finally, jack died. now the mercer have to lose one more member of their family, after their own adoptive mother. after the incident, the police arrived, including green, who was not accompanied by his colleague, fowler. greene only said that he had taken care of this mysterious man's death and thought what the mercer had done was self-defense. then he said goodbye to take care of one of the corrupt cops, fowler. then he went to a pool club, and there he met fowler, who was playing a game. when fowler gives green a chance to play, green maximizes the opportunity to knock fowler down by pretending that his q-stick looks a little bent. green suddenly slammed the stick at fowler until he winced in pain. then green took fowler's badge and left. apparently, when green left, fowler came after him and said he had forgotten something. finally, green stopped for a moment, but suddenly fowler pulled out his gun and shot green to death by pretending to report that he and greene were working on a case. fowler managed to outwit the police that green's death was the result of an irresponsible person. after the death of jack, evelyn and greene, the mercer family suddenly has an idea to avenge all this. jerry then went to evan to make a deal with victor, that he would give him 400 000 to negotiate with him. after meeting with evan, jerry returns home and says that evan agreed to contact victor now. she would meet him at four o'clock in the afternoon. that meant they had to finish their plan in just two hours. the mercer immediately moved quickly. jerry takes care of the finances. angel goes to a boy playing baseball and offers him twenty dollars and a box of chocolates to help him outwit fowler. after all the plans been formed, it finally arrived at four o'clock where jerry would meet with victor. he'd been picked up by evan, but bobby asked him to restrain himself first while waiting for angel's call on the one hand, the boy whom angel had ordered managed to outwit fowler's movements. and when fowler took the chocolate from the boy, he immediately closed the door. again, that's where angel acts. he suddenly comes and immediately hugs fowler's face with a plastic bag and calls bobby if he catches him. after getting a call from angel, bobby invited jerry to come to evan. when jerry arrived at an icy lake with some of victor sweet's men, angel managed to corner fowler without having to kill him. he immediately pointed a gun at fowler at the police station. angel's lover was also involved in this plan. she pretended to report to the police that his boyfriend was going to try to kill a police agent with a pitiful look on his face. she managed to convince the police. and the police quickly headed straight for fowler's residence. while fowler being cornered, he suddenly heard the sound of police sirens. the voice revived fowler's enthusiasm for life, because he felt that the police were trying to help him. but angel calmly replied that the police were not helping fowler. at that time, angel had apparently recorded their conversation about fowler admitting to being corrupt and killing his own colleague, greene. finally, angel reported to the police that he immediately went out to bring fowler. but when angel ordered fowler out, he was suddenly attacked by fowler, until fowler finally managed to take angel's weapon and instead threatened the police back. then move on to jerry, who was waiting for victor sweet's arrival. not long a car came from a different direction than the driver of the car got off, and it turned out to victor sweet. he immediately approached jerry and immediately opened the bag that jerry was carrying. when victor opened the bag, he was really happy that jerry kept his promise by bringing four hundred thousand dollars. finally, victor accepted the business invitation from jerry, but he said that the business between them was just to forgive and forget what happened to the mercer family, both the evil and murder and jack's murder. then victor asks evan for a gun to kill jerry. when victor gave a hand gesture asking for a gun, it turned out that none of his subordinates granted his own request. then suddenly, jerry said that all of victor's men had betrayed after what he did to them. now his men actually put up a fight. seeing a sabotage from his own men, victor immediately said if he had reported this meeting to fowler, and soon he and the police would come and arrest everyone who was in this place. but jerry casually said that fowler would not come. on the other hand, after fowler left the house, holding angel hostage, he asked the police to stay away and let him go. but suddenly, angel managed to beat him until the police managed to shoot fowler until he was helpless on the ice lake. after victor heard that fowler was not coming, he immediately challenged everyone who was there, but no one wanted to beat victor first, until finally a man walked from a distance into the crowd, and it turned out to bobby mercer. he immediately prepared himself to take off his coat to fight with bobby. bobby did this, and then an argument broke out. at first bobby beaten by victor several times before he managed to turn things around. bobby hit victor repeatedly in the face until victor was helpless. after victor lost bobby ordered his men to put victor's body into the ice lake that been perforated. finally, the mess has resolved. now the mercer are starting to rebuild their house, little by little. there is no more revenge to complete it. and bobby mercer decides to take care of his mother's house alone. [Music], 