hey there people. john here from fast films, and today we're covering the 2021 korean mystery thriller movie called the eighth night. the film flips off with the legend of a monster who hosted evil red and black eyes. the buddha fought the monster and separated the eyes from each other. he hid the black one in a sarera casket. but the red one escaped and jumped from body to body for seven days. but upon the eighth day, it got caught by buddha and was sealed. afterwards, buddha told his disciples to never let them meet again, or else it will be hell on earth. the scene then shifts to a desert at the india-pakistan border in october 2005, where an anthropologist discovers the sarira casket and triumphs in victory. unfortunately, all the news and reports go against him due to the controversies, and the public refuses to accept his discovery as the real one. fifteen years later, on the night of the red moon, the guy walks into his house, and in order to justify his discovery, he decides to fulfill the prophecy of destruction that will be unleashed on the red moon night. therefore, he opens the sarira casket to fill it with various blood samples along with his own blood. he waits for the doors of hell to be opened, as his attempt was to raise the red one. but his attempt fails, and he proceeds to commit suicide. but just as he's about to thrust the knife up his throat, the red eye drops from the casket and rolls towards him. the man crawls towards it in astonishment. and the red eye begins to converge. with a flash, we see a monk in his temple who suddenly gets a revelation and is immediately alerted. he stares at the red moon in the sky and proceeds to move a statue of buddha beneath it. we witness the second sarira casket, hidden away. it's the first day. the camera shows a man working at a construction site, while his fellows discuss him and state that he was among before this. back at the temple, a young monk with a vow of silence meets his master named hajong. the master takes his disciple to the temple and explains the story of the monster whose eyes got separated, one in the far east and one in the far west. but one prophecy reveals that red eye will meet a helper, and it will jump on seven stepping stones for seven nights until it unites with the black one, after which the monster will be unstoppable. in order to stop it, they have to remove one stepping stone, which might be the virgin shaman. after explaining it, ha jung leaves the kid named changsok with a task to clean the irna. later we see a hunter in the forest being ravaged and killed by an unknown demonic entity. it's the second day. a couple sits in a motel room, and the girl discusses that she met the researcher in a meditation group. as they talk about the perks of it, we witness the hunter limping threateningly into the motel where he can be seen completely disoriented and possessed by another entity. in the interim, chongshok wakes up suddenly from the nightmare in hajjung states that he has to find sonwa and tell him that the monster is here. the following morning, of the third day, chongshok wakes up to find out that his master is dead. on the other hand, a detective named hato arrives at the crime scene and analyzes the whole situation. his associate tells him that after the invasion, the woman left the scene, while the suspect can be seen dead. hatto is puzzled at this baffling situation where the suspect is dead after the attack. meanwhile, at the temple, the monks cover up ha jung's body, while chongsok walks over to another monk and inquires him about bonte sonwa's location. as he gets it, changsok packs up some money along with the casket and departs on his journey. in the night, on the other hand, we witness somwa sitting behind a candle. he gets overwhelmed by echoing voices and clamor while in his shadow, a hand creeps up on his shoulder, and the scene blacks out. it's the fourth day now. chongsok walks in a subway station and tries to inquire people about the location, but nobody helps him. he leaves his bundle on the bench, but it vanishes a second later. chongshok stares around and bewilderment when he suddenly catches a glimpse of a beautiful girl amidst the crowd, but she disappears as well. the scene then flips to another murder scene where hatto inspects the crippled, decomposed body of the lady from the motel. following the inspection, he analyzes the whole situation and demands reasoning from his associates, but nobody can formulate a justification. instead, the associate name dongjin, tells him about a shaman who's really good. just then, hato receives a call from his chief, who demands dong jin to be relieved due to his unprofessional behavior. in the meantime, chongshok wanders through the streets searching for sonwa's address. after a time, he finally reaches the address and waits outside till the night falls, and sonwa returns home. upon entering, changsok states that the monster is here, and sonwa gets alerted at once. on the other hand, we see a delivery guy meeting a hooker in the tunnel. the girl is battered, and as the guy identifies her from the meditation group, the girl's neck cracks abnormally, and she threateningly advances towards him. with that, the scene fades out with his screams. the next scenario plays at the virgin shaman's house, where we see the pretty girl once again. she walks to the door with a pot of blood and puts it at the dorsal while the delivery guy waits outside. just as she opens the lid, we see an evil eye appear in the keyhole. but one sniff at the blood and he goes away. back at sonwa's place, he talks to the spirit of hajung, who explains that the monster is here, and he needs to be defeated by killing the virgin shaman. therefore, on the fifth day, he wakes up and prepares prayer beads, which ha jung presents him with. furthermore, he takes out the virgin shaman's picture and reads the address. afterwards, he wakes changsok, and they both leave for their next journey to find the shaman. passing through the bazaar, sonwa buys an axe, and they both proceed to have lunch. sonwa even buys changsok new shoes. as the kid walks happily, sonwa demands him to leave so he can continue his journey but he insists to be with him. therefore, they walk through the streets throughout the day, trying to find the virgin shaman's address. at last, they reach a house where chongsok sits outside and merrily eats the food. in the meantime, a man comes out of the house, and somwa forces him to speak about the virgin's address. after much intimidation, the man speaks up, but warns them that they'll die there. on the other hand, hatto reaches the next crime scene where he locates the crumple wreaking dead body of the hooker and finds a deep gash in her head. the scene then flips to the bus where changso keeps annoying songwa. after a while, the elder sleeps away, and the bus drives through the night. in the meantime, we witness a girl coming outside the virgin shaman's house, where the pretty girl notices all the negative energies as well as the sarira casket placed beside her. suddenly, the camera flips to daegu bus terminal, where songwa gets a flashback of his dead wife and kid. he holds a letter from changsuk's mother apologizing to him and asking sonwa to take care of her. son sonwa gets a hypnosis of him turning into a demon as he strangles the younger self of changsok. but he jerks out of it instantly. it's the sixth day now. changsok wakes up and finds sonwa in an angry mood. nevertheless, they go to a restaurant where they enjoy a lavish meal. somwa marks two spots on the map and states that they need to search for every shaman in the area. to accomplish that, they set out and search across the whole neighborhood. after much pondering, changso comes across the virgin's house, and it suddenly starts raining. the house door opens for changsok, and he catches the glimpse of the girl on the other side. songwa walks to the crime scene at the tunnel, where hato notices him analyzing the site. as he walks away, hatto stops him and asks to check the bag. but sonwa immediately makes a run for it. the detective catches up to him, and they both indulge in a fight, and they drop down the side of the road. sonwa drops his map and runs for his safety. back at the shaman's house, chongsok talks with the girl named aron and then leaves. on his way, he comes across a girl in the side street who stares at him in an unnatural way. gradually, her cheek slits open, and underneath, chongsok witnesses a demonic red eye. the wound closes immediately, and the girl smiles menacingly before turning away. upon that site, chongsok runs away the scene. then shifts to the police station where hatto discusses all the possibilities with dong-jin. suddenly, his eyes catch the view of the map, and he remembers the paper that sonwa left. immediately, they planned to acquire that map. and on their way, dongjin offers hatto a talisman he acquired from the virgin shaman in the interim. chongshok explains the whole scenario to sonwa, who immediately decides to leave him. changso complains, but songwa reveals that he's going to kill the virgin shaming. wrapping that up, he leaves in anguish, and chongsok runs after him. during all this, hatto asks dongjin to leave so that he can walk to the address marked on the map. therefore, he strolls through the streets, while sonwa also runs to find the shaman. amidst all the tension, changsok arrives at the house first and urges a run to escape the place. in the meantime, hato receives a call from dongjin, who explains that the virgin shaman is actually part of the meditation group. hatto asks for the address to the shaman's place, and the camera pans to sonwa, who invades the shaman's house and finds a woman tied up. just as he's about to kill her, hatto jumps on him and they both start the fight. once again, unfortunately, the demon girl arrives there and states that the shaman, who's the last stepping stone, has escaped. the next scenario pops up where we witness chongsok running away with a-run, while songwa gets prepared with his axe and the prayer beads and follows the demonic girl. suddenly, he gets surrounded by voices who are demeaning him. nevertheless, he continues ahead. during this dongjin drives to the neighborhood where he comes face to face with the girl and somwa. the girl hides behind dong-jin and mimics the fear, but eventually takes over his body. as the corpse of the girl decomposes. sonwa charges towards the demon, but it overcomes him and tries to strangle him for his safety. sonwa uses the beads to burn the demon's hand, and therefore gets free. but just then the cops arrive at the scene, and sonwa flees from the place. on the seventh day, chongshok and a run walk to the station and take two tickets for the bus to guangzhou behind them. sonwa also runs to the terminal via taxi, but the conductor tells him that the last bus just left and he has to wait for three hours. during his stay at the station, he opens the scroll which states that he must go to buk sand. furthermore, ha jung appears beside him and states that he has passed his title next to him, and he has to be the guard of the sarira casket. now sonwa is bewildered at this revelation, but becomes determined to protect the black eye, and goes ahead to take the bus to buk san at once. meanwhile, hatto gets cctv footage of dongjin's car, and they begin to search for him. on the other hand, the demonic dongjin also arrives at the buksan temple and proceeds to ha jung's room. the monk tries to stop him, but the demon shoots him and threatens the dead body of hajong while stating that the black eye is on its way. in the meantime, changsok and aerun also walk to buk san and proceed towards a shed. meanwhile, back in the city, hato investigates the crime scene from last night and walks in the virgin shaman's house. amidst all this, sonewa reaches the mountain and enters the shed to find chongsok sitting alone, who instantly stares around in disbelief. just then we witness that hato has come across the real virgin shaman, who unveils the reality that aeron is a ghost who was abused throughout her life as a child, but the anthropologist became her savior. and when his research was rejected, he became furious and to put an end to it, a-run offered herself as the sacrifice. with that being revealed, it's also realized that changsok came all the way alone. he completed his journey solely, and a-run wasn't with him at all. furthermore, the shaman reveals that all the members of the meditation group are the stepping stones for the devil, and he has killed them all. now to bring a stop to it, she tries to strangle herself, but ha-toe stops her, upon which she states that it was him who stopped the demon, and he must go to buxan. now, meanwhile, the scene shifts to buksan, where sonwa and changsok get prepared to face the demon. sonwa inscribes the enchantments on papers, and as he wraps the strings around a group of trees, he ties the papers on them as well. afterwards, he lights up a massive fire in the center and explains the devastating aftermath if the evil forces join. during this, hato also arrives there, and the situation becomes grave. as somwa ties himself up and the demon approaches the center of the fire. changsok hides behind a tree, and it's revealed that sonwa has planned to use himself as bait so that chongsok can steal the sarira casket and stop the devil. but as the monster approaches somwa, he reveals that he's not the actual guard, but it's actually chongsok who's the successor of hajong. therefore, the devil offers him the gun to shoot himself because he's useless in the interim. chongshok locates the casket and is about to turn away when the demon orders a run to find him. thus she emerges from thin air with a chain around her ankle and proceeds to hypnotize changsok. sonwa watches from a distance, and that makes him shoot the demon instead. the devil gets infuriated at once and screams to reveal several eyes pop out from his face. suddenly, dark forces also start to attack and surround the area. that causes everyone to scamper away. and dongjin also strolls out towards the temple. on his way, he comes across hatto, but gets thrown away as well. afterwards, he crawls to attack changsok. and songwa runs towards them to save the kid. but hato shoots him in the way. luckily, he has managed to stab the devil with the axe, and dongjin expires. but it's revealed that changsok is now the demon, and he impales hatto in the tree in a single swoosh. as the detective dies away, chongsok walks to the bleeding sonwa and states how foolish he is during his last moments. sonwa cups chongsuk's face, and in front of him appears the youngest version of zheng han. but anguish overcomes him, and he tries to strangle the kid, but stops himself. eventually, the demon becomes triumphant, but it turns out that the om sign has been imprinted on his face, which liberates changsok from the devilish powers. unfortunately, amidst the tears, the red eye becomes a part of songwa, and changsok puts an end to him by plunging the axe in his forehead. after the blackout, we witness that the evil force has been defeated and songwa has resurrected. moreover, chongsok walks to the vast stretches of the western desert and buries the sarira casket once again, but this time he comes face to face with aeron. he offers her a hand towards freedom, and they meet each other. a-run. shackles break away, and the film concludes. thanks for watching, guys, 