welcome. my name is Sophia, and now I'm going to talk about Twilight. Bella Swan, a seventeen-year-old misfit, leaves Phoenix, Arizona to move to Forks, a small town located on Washington State's Olympic Peninsula. she will live with her father, Charlie, the town's police chief. her mother, Renee, is remarried to Phil, a minor-league baseball player whose career often keeps the couple on the road. Bella becomes reacquainted with Jacob black, a Native American teen who lives with his father Billy, on the Quileute Indian Reservation near Forks. Bella makes friends at her new high school, but finds the mysterious and aloof Cullen siblings particularly intriguing. Bella is seated next to Edward Cullen in biology class on her first day, but he seems repulsed by her. after a weeks absence from school, Edward returns and socializes normally with Bella. a few days later, Bella is nearly struck by a skidding van in the school parking lot. Edward instantaneously covers the distance of over 30 feet, putting himself between Bella and the van, stopping it with only his hand. he subsequently refuses to explain his actions to Bella and warns her against for friending him. Jacob tells Bella about a long-standing animosity between the Cullens and the Quileute, and says the Cullens are not allowed on the reservation. after much research, Bella concludes that Edward has mysterious powers, resembling a vampire. he eventually confirms this, but says he and the other Cullen's only consume animal blood. the pair fall in love, and Edward introduces Bella to his vampire family. Carlyle Cullen, the family patriarch, is a doctor at the forks hospital as Maia's Carlisle's wife, and the family matriarch, Alice, Jasper, Emmett and Rosalie, are their informally adopted children. the family's reaction to Bella is mixed, concerned the family secret could be exposed. Edward and Bella's relationship is jeopardized when three nomadic vampires, James, Victoria and Laurent, arrive in the forks area. they are responsible for a series of deaths, being investigated as animal attacks James, a tracker vampire with incredible hunting instincts, is incited by Bella's scent and becomes obsessed with hunting her for sport. Edward and the other Cullen's protect Bella, but James tracks her to Phoenix, Arizona, where she is hiding with Jasper and Alice. James lers Bella into a trap at her old ballet studio. he attacks Bella and infects her with vampire venom. Edward arrives, and after a ferocious battle, he subdues James, just as other Cullen's arrive. Alice, Emmett and Jasper kill James, decapitating and burning him, as Edward removes the venom from Bella's wrists, preventing her becoming a vampire. in the aftermath, Bella has suffered a broken leg and is hospitalized. upon returning to Forks, Edward accompanies Bella to the high school prom, where he refuses her request to transform her into a vampire. they are unaware that James's mate, Victoria is secretly watching them, plotting revenge for her lover's death. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music], 