son is a witch or not. first throw her into the well, then pour water into the well, flooding her, bringing her back when she was about to die. if she died, that meant she's not guilty. if she woke up, then that meant she's a witch, because witches couldn't drown. this unfortunate woman coughed heavily and suddenly woke up. after that, she was executed like a witch. she wore a retro dress. the man squeezed her waist from behind. the dress was so nice, but it was a poisonous dress. soon the venom would enter her skin, poisoning her. the fbi found her body. the body was placed upright on the ground. the hands are placed on the waist. the round eyes the face was covered with a thick white background. this was the second body found in recent days. the first body was in an abandoned mental hospital. same beautiful dress, same pose, same weird makeup. forensic doctors discovered their skirts were laced with nicotine. the dead person wore this dress. the toxin slowly entered the skin. would be poisoned alive in less than an hour. there was still a lot of lime on the nails of those who have died, their feet have been soaked in water for a long time. detectives speculated that the murderer carried out a series of detentions and tortures of the dead. the police confirmed the identify of the body. she found out her name was familiar. seeing she saw it in somewhere, she suddenly remembered that in the first there was a lot of graffiti on the walls of the mental hospital. one of the graffiti happened to be the name of the deceased number three. there are also the names and time of disappearance of the other two women. obviously, this was a death list. the murderer had killed three people, and there was one corpse missing. the doctor found out that these dates to coincide with the date of satan's death. the number 11 at the end was a symbol of satan. the killer was probably performing some kind of sacrificial ritual. in addition, the iron bed was so heavy the killer was able to pull the bed from the utility room to the middle of the room. the killer clearly was a strong man. but the strange thing was the old taylor said that both dresses were made by a little girl. the hair pins on the head are messy. apparently she often wanders. agents suspect this is a gang crime. they quickly expanded to investigate. the killer was probably an adult male, about 25 years old, with a girl beside him helping him sew dresses. this woman could be forced. the murderer does not kill for sexual desire, but to satisfy his own fantasies. the murderer lived in his subtle fantasy world. he could claim to be the spokesman of the devil to sacrifice these women to satan. and used poison dress to kill in the dramatic way, like an opera plot. and there happened to be a theater near the second death. the killer may be familiar with opera, or influenced by an opera fan. a girl carefully asked her brother when she could came back to school. she didn't want it to so dress anymore. the brother said, no, have you forgotten your family duties? and there are a lot of demons out there. if you go out, something will happen. at the same time, the brother was very miserable the sister grew up. how he could protect his sister from the devil's temptation? he heard a sound. if you want to save the one you love, you have to strike first. the doctor studied the makeup of the dead. in the middle ages, white makeup was a symbol of virginity and purity, which was not related to satan. also, the corpse had been soaked in water for a long time, which reminded the doctor of a medieval method of determining witchcraft, which was to throw the suspected woman in the water. if she's drown she's not a witch. if she alive, that means she's a witch, and then accept the next round of punishment. therefore, the murderer didn't sacrifice for satan, but the witch. he threw the bodies of these women to warn the devil not to harm the world. again that day, the brother excitedly held his sister's hand. he said, he had found one last twitch. we are about to complete our mission. he took his sister to the well, carrying the woman out of the well. but this time the woman remained motionless. she died. the younger sister shouted, you killed the wrong person. i want to call the police. the man was also very confused, how he could wrong. he swore to his sister that he would find the last twitch complete the family mission. mary found clues. along with the costume, she found in the theater near the abandoned house. the second scene, there were some clothes that very similar to the clothes of the dead. the clothes in this theater were made by a woman, and this woman was in a mental hospital. it's the number one death scene. and found the woman's file. she used to be an opera actress that took a drug overdose during her pregnancy that drove her crazy. she said that the actresses in the cast were the devil's wives. so she stabbed one of the cast members. she even cut off her daughter's arm. she felt that this might prevent her daughter from being tempted by the devil. but there was a fire in the mental hospital 10 years ago. the mad woman was burned to death. so who is taking over her mantle? now the doctor guessed the killer could be child, because mental illness can be inherited. this was called dual psychosis. even fantasy content was consistent. mary quickly circled the two of them, john and jane. the two of them were the children of that crazy woman. it turned out that john had been influenced by his mother since childhood. father said there are terrible demons in this world. unstable women will trade with the devil and become witches. and mom and hear god's chosen exorcists. they are supposed to protect ignorant people, protect them from demons, get rid of those fallen witches. but just now, john killed an innocent woman. he was so sad. at this time, his mom appeared. she comforted john. even the white knights also have the dark moments, my son. heroes of different duras. i certainly there is a last twitch killer in the hallucination. john painted a portrait of the last witch. this was how he found the murder target. but this time john was stunned. the painting shows a woman with a broken arm. is this my younger sister? john reluctantly sees a poisonous dress for his sister. the younger sister, please, i swear, i'm not one of them. please don't do it. i'm going to die. john, you know, when the fbi came, jane was tied to the window. she sweated a lot and didn't stop coughing. had been poisoned for a while. and quickly removed jane's poison dress and found a dead woman on the stairs. white face, retro skirt. looked like this was the third corpse to disappear. and nick was attacked by jon in the basement. john accidentally fell into the well during the fight. that is also his karma. in the end, jane escaped death through those dresses in the box. she wanted to start a new life. at this moment, the doorbell rang. and she went to open the door. a man dressed in black, holding a skull stick, smiled and extended his hand towards her. it's time to come with me. after hesitating for a moment, jane raised her hand. but is someone at the door? this is clearly jane's imagination. she is also mentally ill. maybe all this is not over yet. 