[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka coach carter. and what if i told you that for the next nine weeks we're gonna be breaking down the new marvel mcu show, what if? you'd probably be gutted, but you're stuck with me. and in this video, we're going to be going over all the easter eggs, things you missed, and also giving our theories on the episode itself. it massively connects to captain america, the first avenger. and the entry asks the question, what if peggy carter was the one who took the super soldier serum instead of steve? peggy carter, for me, is one of the best characters in the mcu. and she's so good that you would travel back in time and kill her husband just so you could be with her. now, peggy is someone who's just as strong willed as steve. and in the first avenger, you might have noticed that before he died from the grenade, that she too rushed over to it as well. she's just as worthy as he is to carry the shield. and if rumors are to be believed, then captain carter will be popping up at some point in doctor strange, in the multiverse of madness. the showrunner of what-if has also confirmed that she will return and that her character will connect each multiversal season of the show. therefore, her origin story is something that we need to get up to speed on. and the episode begins with the watcher, voiced by jeffrey wright, explaining the multiverse, though not explicitly stated. i do like how you can come to this show just viewing it as an offshoot of the stories that you already know, or you can see it as a consequence of the branched realities that have been created since sylvie killed he who remains. the watches are a race of observers that look over time, space and reality. and the last time we saw them in the mcu was during guardians of the galaxy vol 2, when one of their agents, aka stanley, told about all the different personas he'd played in the franchise. the voiceover sounds very much in the same vein as the opening of star trek, namely the captain's log, which described the voyage that the starship enterprise would be going on through space. here the voyage is slightly different, and we explore the multiverse and all of its trappings. in this introduction, we can catch characters like t'challa, carol danvers, tony stark, thor, black widow and lastly, steve rogers. the prism of reality then breaks and we can see the eye of the hulk. peggy carter, loki, anya's guardians going before the un. thor. steve rogers, t'challa is star-lord. his mother raimonde. doctor strange, cap shield, nick fury, red skull, tony stark and proxima midnight. next there's killmonger with an arc reactor in his chest, hammering away like tony did in the first iron man movie. doctor strange again. t'chaka loki. peggy again. nick fury, vision, obadiah stain. and when the layer first cracks, you can also catch zombie tony. the captain caught a shot is picked. and we then fly past the hulk. t'challa is star-lord. black widow, the hydra stomper, the collector, loki, hawkeye, captain marvel and a couple more characters that fly by at light speed. next we stop to see space inside of a silhouette of the watcher. and you might also notice that there are several coloured stars which look like they represent the infinity stones in infinity war. we line up these elemental crystals were hurtled across the universe with the formation of the big bang, and these lights being dot amongst the cosmos could be hinting towards that. we then go to the hydra occupation of europe, and see as several soldiers with the logo emblazoned on their uniform march in unison. this intro feels very similar to news reports that were used in the 40s, including the footage of germany spreading across the continent, which was parodied in things like the opening of dad's army. who do you think you are kidding, mr red skull? and we see his face moving through flames, which seems like it's pulling from the opening of terminator 2, when we watch as the skeletal face of the robot moves through the fire. the watcher tells of how the story happened originally, and we see an animated version of steve's super soldier procedure in the first avenger. we also cut to his shield on the ice, which we see revealed in the opening scene of that film, things happen a little differently for peggy. and though she is transported to the future too, a lot of moments divert and sort of go off on their own path. now we cut to an alternate universe, and we see that steve is still going forward for the procedure, even though dr erskine asks peggy if she'd be more comfortable in the booth. clearly he sees the good in her too. and steve also gives her a smile, meaning that he knows she's worthy. it's here that we're also introduced to colonel flynn, who pretty much takes over the role of tommy lee jones's chester phillips. we actually see phillips get shot in the scene, and this happens instead of erskine, who originally took the bullet. this kind does die in the scene, but clearly they couldn't get tommy lee jones back, so just took him out as quick as possible. now, flynn is voiced by bradley whitford, who you might know as being the father from get out, and also for his role in the handmaid's tale. he's pretty much someone who views war as a man's game. and he sees peggy as being someone who's lucky to be in the room, which is something that he says throughout the episode. however, her being in the room is what changes everything. and the observers remaining in the lab has a massive knock-on effect. in the first avenger, they went up to the observation booth, and this is where the hydra spy left his cigarette case, which he used as an explosive to kill several of the commanders and officers that were at the procedure. here they remain on the ground floor, and thus it's possible for the spy to blow up a lot of the equipment and also to run directly to the sea room and take it. he shoots steve, but peggy kills him. whereas originally the spy managed to make it out and steve had to chase after him. the moment in which he fires the trigger also looks very similar shot in the first avenger, when she managed to hit the driver of the spy's car. whilst they were fleeing, the power on the machine begins to drop, and thus they have to carry out the procedure immediately, or everything will be lost. flynn suggests steve first, but he can't go in because he's been shot. and then he suggests howard, who refuses because he says he's just a buttons guy. thus, peggy puts herself forward, and it sets off a chain of events that leads to her becoming the first avenger. she puts the super soldier serum into the machine. and it's nice that they use the same angle and imagery as they did in the original movie. the trailer for what if hid this moment and pulled a bit of a bait and switch on us and made it seem like peggy was the original choice, and they completely removed the fire and destruction from it. they also changed up the moment in which howard lowers his glasses, which looked massively different in the original first look. this moment clearly pulled from the first avenger in which he lowered his glasses in the exact same way. and a, as they say, it's like poetry, it rhymes. they don't really say it, just just mainly me and george lucas. now, speaking of symmetrical shots, the way peggy sits back into the machine and the framing of this scene is also identical to how it appears in the first adventure. this attention to detail is carried across to how the serum is drained, which lines up exactly to how it was in the movie. also, peggy and steve's reaction upon getting injected happens pretty much the exact same way, as both the eyes shoot open. they also use the same camera position when he comes out looking like i do after a two hour gym sesh, and when she comes out looking like abby from the last of us part two. god damn. now, flynn goes off on one and he says that he was promised an army, but instead all that he got was a girl. this is actually pulling from the first avenger, as in that philip says he was promised an army, but all he got was a chorus girl. this was, of course, because cap at that point was performing the star spangled man with a plan, which is still a banger. we can confirm. 78 years later, and it's still a banger. now, nurses take blood from peggy, similar to what happens to steve post procedure. and flim beretta, he mentions the ssr, aka the strategic scientific reserve, which is what shield was called before it became the organization in 1946. cut to peggy smashing the punching pack like you should smash that like button, because, damn, this is a good breakdown. and also, yeah, whilst you're here, if you're not subscribed, then make sure you do, because we're covering the show for the next nine weeks. shabow. now, this scene of the punching bag, which he hits so hard that it comes off the chain, is, of course, referencing steve doing it in the avengers after he had to adjust to life in modern day. we see that steve is on his way to recovery, and she chucks white plates like their frisbees, foreshadowing how good she'll be with the shield. steve says it could be worse, and that she could be on a uso tour, which he was, of course, put on during his first solo film. and yes, it is still a banger, we can confirm that. now, now steve watches soldiers marching outside, and he says that bucky just deployed with the 107th. this is actually another nod to the first avenger, as bucky was in that regiment. and steve himself initially applied to it as well, as he said that it was his father's unit. unfortunately, he was rejected. and though peggy apologizes to steve, he says not to worry, and that he never was much of a dancer. peggy says that maybe he hasn't found the right partner. and shout outs to skinny steve for still bagging the girl. i seen a tweet the other day on twitter. i can't find it, so don't ask, but they said that peggy only likes steve because of the super soldier serum. but i'm glad that this series showed us that you can still be a loser and pull a hottie. god damn. now we cut to townsburg, which is where the first avenger opened. tonesburg is actually a pivotal location in the mcu. and it was where odin fought the frost giants at the beginning of thor in thor ragnarok. it was the location where odin died. and he said, remember this place home? this came to be. and in avengers end game, we saw that the displaced as guardians had ended up there and made it their home. red skull pulls in, and the shot of his car driving up. is exactly the same as how it appears in the first avenger, with a strong focus on the squid that hydra worships. if you've seen agents of shield, then you'll know that this was a big focus in the show. and the organization pulled together to make a literal manifestation of the god called hive. here we see it in full effect. and the beast at the end looks a lot like schumer gorath, who too is rumored to be appearing in doctor strange, in the multiverse of madness. stark and ko are able to monitor their movements here because of the gamma signature coming off the clock tower. and bruce banner was brought in on the avengers to track the tesseract due to his knowledge of this radiation. see, it's all kind of connected. it's all connected. do that thing i always do. now, this scene is very similar to war room one from the first avenger. and even down to the lighting maps and miniature flags, they've managed to recapture the scene perfectly. the moment with red skull is very similar too. and he remarks on the tesseract being the jewel from odin's treasure room, which, of course, comes from the film. unlike that movie, though, the soldiers gunned down the tower keeper immediately, whereas they let him survive for a bit longer in the original film, so that red skull could could just monologue for a bit, just talk about nothing for a bit more. now, the tower keeper was played by david bradley, who you might know from game of thrones and harry potter. however, here the voice actor is different. it's from this point onwards that things really start to split apart. i'm glad that they took the show in a brand new direction, as up until this point, a lot of the episode had just basically been the steve rogers story with a peggy carter's skin on. we then jumped to the bar scene in which stock presents her with a shielding costume. and in the original movie, the people satya were steven bucky, as peggy hadn't rescued him at this point. whereas steve had, the order is different. and steve originally stormed the camp with just his prop shield, whereas peggy instantly has the vibranium one. this allows her to immediately go out and catch zola as well as the tesseract. peggy jumps down with her union jack uniform and shield. and don't it make you bloody proud to be british? bring it. bring a tear to your righteous cavanaugh. she takes down a giant aryan soldier, which i might be reaching, but is someone that could be based on steve rogers, to show that she's stronger. hey, look, they don't call me reach richards for nothing. but aryans. and the idea of the aryan superman was something that was lays throughout hitler's ideology. he believed that blonde hair and blue had people descended from the gods themselves, and he wanted to create a master race of them. thus, peggy taking down this symbol early on has a lot of metaphorical meaning behind it. that makes her first mission a really important one for a number of reasons. now, peggy getting zola and the tesseract massively alters the course of the way that things happen. because he's not part of red skull's organization, he can't experiment on bucky, and also can't make the tesseract based weapons. on the other side of this, having the tesseract early means that howard can create a suit of armor named the hydra stomper, which allows steve to basically be this story's iron man. peggy says, steve owes her a dance, and she then heads into europe and steals a motorbike, which massively echoes when steve rodon won in the first avenger. kind of feel. this scene references the great escape, namely, when steve mcqueen's character, hilt, attempted to jump the fence on a motorbike at the end of the movie. rather than getting caught, though, peggy smashes through it, and she rescues several characters, including dum dum duggan and the guy from the original movie, union jack. there's also jim morita, played by kenneth choi. kenneth actually ended up playing the high school principal in spider-man homecoming. and in his office, we could also catch a photo of jim. bucky hasn't been experimented on, so he's in the cell too. and he says, who you're supposed to be? the queen of england. that's and it's impressions like that which is why i don't use clips from the show itself. now, it makes me right angry. this does just shut up for a second, right? angry as mean, superhero. nexus were talking about this, and he reminded me that our dear old queen, she didn't become that until 1953. so they just, they didn't research this bit. and it just makes me so angry, i'm raging. now, we could do a shot which is very similar the one from the first avenger that happens around the hour 19 mark. this includes peggy busting through a door with the rest of the howling commandos. and steve, of course, did this in a solo movie. it was also referenced in falcon in the winter soldier, episode 4, when john walker and battle star burst into the flag smasher hideout. again, it's like poetry. sort of, sort of looks the same. now, several tanks show up, and steve arrives in his new dancing shoes to take them down. iron man's first mission was against tanks, and we can see that he too has a heads-up display inside the helmet, similar how tony's appears in the movie. now, we then see a montage, which uses the same music from the first avenger. and we see flynn taking credit for peggy busting up heads. steve writes hello from brooklyn on the arms of the hydra stomper. and i think this is an opposite to the bombs in the first avenger, which all had locations written on them. together, steve and peggy fly across the skies fighting as part of the raf. and we get an awesome one-take shot in which he takes down planes single-handedly, while steve flies her from one to the next. cut of the red skull's hideout, which is vastly different to how it was in the first avenger. as skull planned to bomb europe with a plane, he of course, needed one with a runway. but here he's trying a different tactic, hence why he doesn't have that location. this is a castle. and though i'm not sure exactly which one that it is, the germans fortified several of them, including places like kolditz, which they turn into a base. now we do learn that it's called the crates and that it's located in the black forest. but i searched for this and couldn't find anything on the map or at the location in the film where eagles dare, we saw as a team of soldiers infiltrated hohenwef and castle, which i've definitely pronounced strong. however, where eagle stare does get a nod in this episode, as it's the name of what the train operation is called. similar the first avenger, several nazi troops arrive to question what the red skull is up to, and he ends up killing them. however, as he doesn't have the tesseract, he doesn't have a tesseract gun to shoot them with, and he instead fires at them with a german pistol, which is called a mauser. at this point, he unmasks, and we see steve and peggy in a bar together, where she brings up that she can't get drunk, which we know is shed in steve's mcu counterpart. peggy talks about how the serum has changed how people view her and that it's helped her to be heard. steve says that he's still a skinny kid from brooklyn and nothing without the suit. this is, of course, an easter egg that calls back to his line in the avengers in which he told tony that he was nothing without it. peggy says, the suit is nothing without the man inside, and she calls him a hero, and he says the same back. unfortunately, before they can kiss, howard cockblock shows up, and they head out on the train mission, which, of course, pulls directly from the first avenger. this includes a zipline moment. and peggy pulls bucky up, to which he says, thanks. you almost ripped my arm off. bucky, of course, ended up having his arm ripped off, and he became the winter soldier due to the events that happened in the scene. originally, the train is revealed to be a trap, and steve is apparently killed in the explosion. but we learned that the hydra stomper protected him and that he was captured much in the same way that bucky was. peggy goes to zola, but unlike the way that phillips approached him, which was with a stake, peggy doesn't make that mistake, hey. and she gets the invite of him the hard way. the ambush castle decreates, and peggy beats the crap out of everyone. the team ends up splitting up, with howard and peggy going up in one direction, whilst the howling commandos go in another. red skull places the tesseract inside the device, which does look slightly similar to the housing unit that it was held in during the first avenger. and everything comes to a head. this opens support love. and much like how the the the tesseract sort of spelled doom for the red skull in the first avenger, the squid comes forth and kills him. i know he survived, but, yeah, the guy didn't have a good time. now, the commandos come across the hydra stomper, which we see is held in a circular contraption. this looks very similar setup that tony had with his original iron man suit. and the basis of the entire thing looks a lot like leonardo's vitruvian man. steve jumps in the suit and it's powered up, which allows him to fly. to fight the squid too. peggy grabs the sword and goes head to head with that in her shield, which pulls on the iconography of artheria knights. the hydra itself was, of course, an ancient beast that called from myths and legends, and it makes the finale feel very epic. howard tries to power down the machine, and he mentions spending a week with hedy lamarr, who was a german singer and actress. hedy was actually used as the inspiration for madame mask, a villain in the show agent carter that peggy had to take down. also, if you haven't seen agent carter, then definitely check it out, as it's highly underrated, but well worth a watch. it's also on disney plus, which you brought. you probably watched this episode on this morning. so go back there. quit this videos crap. just just go back and watch that. now, the castle starts to collapse as the beast grows bigger, and steve saves the howling commandos. unfortunately, his suit runs out of power, and peggy pushes the squid back into the portal. steve says, you owe me a dance lesson and she makes a date for saturday night, which, of course, calls back to the final conversation between the pair in the first avenger. the portal then explodes, and steve and howard are left wondering what happened. as we see, the tesseract being the only thing that remains. it is, of course, capable of opening doorways through time and space. and we could at the project pegasus research base from the opening of the avengers. instead of loki being pulled through the portal, peggy is. and she arrives to see nick fury and hawkeye. the former tells her the war ended 70 years ago, similar to how nick told steve at the end of the first avenger. and peggy looks devastated, even though she says, of course, we won the war. she of course gave up everything trying to achieve victory. i think that as the seasons go on, we will see her very much taking on the role of steve. she still owes him a dance, and have no doubt that she will find a way back to him once they get around to the end game and phase three events of what if. now, as for my thoughts on the episode, i thought this was a really good first entry that perfectly set up how what if it's gonna work. they managed to recapture several moments from the movies, and i made it a really good watch just even just picking it apart, trying to pinpoint all the different easter eggs. beyond that, though, i think the animation works really well. and again, it's a highly produced show that succeeds due to getting most of the voice cast back as well as the score returning once more. this makes it feel authentic. and if the season continues with this level of production, i think it's going to be a must watch. even if you're someone who doesn't really tend to check out animated shows. i really, really, really enjoyed this episode. i was lucky enough to see episode 2 early, which is also something i think you guys are going to absolutely love. i don't want to spoil what the concept is in case you want to go in with some surprises, but it's very well put together and has a lot of cool characters showing up in it. overall, i really enjoyed this one, and i hope that we see captain carter sooner rather than later. now, if you enjoyed the video, then make sure you leave your thoughts below on the show and what you think could be happening with the character in the future. also, we are running a competition right now and giving away 3 mc box sets on the 30th of august. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode we picked the comments at random at the end of the month. and the winners of the last one are on screen right now. so that's you. message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our latest marvel breakdown on screen now, which will be popping up in one of the end cards. don't know which one yet, but just click it. just remove the mouse about, do some random clicking, and i'm sure you'll get to it. if not, then thank you for saying through the video. i tell you what, mate, you have a you have a bloody great day. you. i'll see you next week. take care. peace. 