before we begin, let me start by saying, we all want our happy ending, but no relationship comes without strings attached. the styles of our movie today, ah, the child of my land, Paul kettle, somebody, well, no, some actor named Alicia, a Dollar, General Cary Grant, somebody we don't care about, and some woman who pretends to hang us up from the ceiling bow rope, and some man who is not such a fool as to hang his wife from the ceiling by a rope. play. my story begins with some ice cream, and then five people rolling up to the house on Haunted Hill. and funeral costs to attend this creepy party of the woman who pretends to hang us up from the ceiling by a rope, and a man who is not such a fool as to hang his wife from the ceiling by of rope, who ran the house on Haunted Hill to throw this creep to potty. and Frederick, played by the greatest creepy voice actor of all time, walks into his wife's bedroom and says, you face on yet, because it won't be a day into this movie. oh, there I go, spoiling the plot again. if you're looking for a perfect ending, you best go watch the notebook, because I've given you two hints now, strings attached and a wife without a face piece that puzzle together. so his wife, Annabelle, walk over to her overnight case with a face so potent it would turn Medusa to stone. and Annabelle says, Frederick, this house is so dirty. and Frederick says, that's the way meeting the ghosts like it. and Annabelle says, I ain't going to your party and Frederick's thinking, well, Alain, my party is your funeral, and I'm paying these folks ten thousand dollars each to witness your alteration into the afterlife. and she says, Frederick, this reminds me of the time I tried to drill a hole through you here. remember that and Frederick says, that would have worked if I hadn't stopped you. so he pulled some champagne and he says, of all my wives, you're the least agreeable. and she says, but still alive and he's like, that's funny. so Frederick goes down to meet his alibis / guests of the creepy potty, who will earn their $10,000 each if they stay all night and not get dead. and Prichard Watson, the owner of this house where many have been murdered, gives all that unsuspecting broke behinds a showing of what they will have to endure for the night without losing their minds over their lives, if they want that ten grand. on the tour, Watson finds a stale rat and demonstrates how a man once offed his wife by throwing her into this vat of acid. and didn't nothing survive but the bones I've given you three years now, strings attached, a wife without a face and a VAT asses. my dick, grandmama can see what this is going there's you're both in a dead woman. that might not be a hint, though it might just be a dead giveaway. whoops. after the tour, everybody has the good sense to get the hell out of the house on Haunted Hill, creepy cellar with the vat of acid, when don't nothin survive but bones, except the kettle boy and somebody we don't care about. well, one of them gets locked in a room, and the other sees a ghost. didn't mind me, dear. I'd just like, sure enough, my dentures amount of bengay for my arthritis. and I've just got a new hoverboard bag upstairs. the same somebody we don't care about. and cattles the seductress of stone-faced who warns her about wandering around the creepy house alone. and upon leaving somebody's room, miss thing then encounters the kettle boy and says, in case you ain't heard, I have a reason my face is frozen stiff. it's my you see, my husband unmeant through a few wives, and my future is so dark I need a flashlight. and then she runs through a room like, well, I do nothing who were talking about? and he says, would you be so fond of me if I were paw? no, she wouldn't. and then somebody finds a head in a box that looks like he should be screaming. and she runs up the door, but she gets grabbed up by mr. Carson, who whispers something inappropriate in her ear, probably something like, I have so much they killed Matthew. and then she stopped screaming. just before midnight, the wife makes her grand entrance, and Fredrik says, this is my wife, mrs. Loren, or as I like to call her miss take bidden. the caretakers leave just before midnight, and they locked the door on the way out. and Fredrik tells him like it is. he says, you're all locked in now. so welcome to my creepy party at the house on Haunted Hill. first things first, we like a classy Fight Club with some awesome 1959 attire and classic movie accents. and I got some rules up in this creepy crib. first rule of house on Haunted Hill is, everyone gets a gun. second rule a house on Haunted Hill is, everyone shoots my wife. third rule a house on Haunted Hill is, second rule was a joke. fourth rule, the house on Haunted Hill is, third rule was the real joke. fifth rule of house on Haunted Hill is, I'm so determined for someone to die tonight I've even given these pistols downtown of Calvin's. ain't they cute? then, oh, and they'll come round to find us some lovely lady dumped all the Brooks Hatlen. so Frederick comes running to and he says, somebody put. to his relief, he finds it wasn't somebody. you were just as bit a half. and so to protect themselves from what they believe is a murderer. in their midsts, they all locked themselves in their rooms with nothing but they tiny coffin companions and naina Rosie's. so then some woman starts creeping outside somebody's window with bars on it. so she grabs a 45 and runs down the hall screaming. 100. welcome to life among the poor. if somebody runs into Annabelle's hanging body and starts screaming as she backs into a door, and a creeper hand reaches for it, she stops screaming, and she moves to find Lance for helping. can't find him, but finds himself playing piano, and instead asking it to play as time goes by, so stop screaming, since it stops screaming. and then stop screaming. and treating goes to Frederick's room and says, did you hear somebody screaming in first it goes, no, just an organ not playing as time goes by. you got your piece. let's go stop that screaming. you or that way. Vincent, okay, later, Jules. but training interested in stopping that screaming. what you mean to tell me that that Ghost somebody saw was just some Scooby scooby-doo movie voodoo trickery. and these two a hot for each other. and the plan was to get the screaming somebody to kill Frederick so they didn't have to do the dirty deed. so somebody does the dirty deed, and then she ran screaming. but tres on the ready, because he want to make sure his lovey-doveys husband is double dead to end. no, not yet, because miss Pitt got to be checking her wealthy widow status. and the voice of Frederick says, hello, my platinum blonde battle axe. I have a bone to pick with you. and this is just screaming. and then she keeps, Damon. and mr. bone jangles wife up and died, and after 20 years, he won't grieve. then Frederick comes out with his mystery skeleton puppetry machine, and he says, good night, doctor. good night Annabelle. you thought your murder plan was perfect, but you can't outsmart the evil of the thriller. finally, the remaining living ones make that way to the cellar, where Frederick says, your forty-fives will full of blanks. Trent tried to throw me in acid. my wife stumbled and fell. and if I go to prison, it won't be any worse than being married to that ball and chain. and the moral of this story is, wasn't more of a story. roses are red, violets are blue. if anyone wants you dead, is probably your boo. go in. be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for regular fix of meth. you can expect me to upload more videos when he's bit stop screaming. full movies. explain fall. I'm Jeb. thriller down. love you muffin. 