what if there's another story? what is something? when I'm broken, all this life, all this loss, what if it was really one long story that just kept going and going until it healed itself? didn't that be a story worth telling? hey guys, Ryan and Greg here, back for another breakdown. this is the season finale of true detective, season 3. now, spoiler warning, of course. so go watch that episode first, then come on back here. it's a season finale. you're gonna want to watch it for a mine. alright, Greg, we're here, finally. here. episode 8, the season finale is called now AM found. now, that's a reference to Amazing Grace. now, the specific lines and Amazing Grace, I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind, but now I see. but obviously a reference to the themes that we've seen throughout the season, the the time that's involved here, the memory loss, and what we see going on with Wayne, as well as kind of the loss of his family in certain times, and doesn't really remember them, and what kind of went on in this past. and by the end of this episode, Wayne really just finds himself surrounded by his family all over again. and, well, a little bit of a nice ending, you could say, yeah, one of the endings they had. I feel like there was more of them, but we're gonna go into that a little bit later. so the episode starts off with the voiceover from Amelia. she's reading a poem. the poem is, calmly, we walked through this April's day, by Delmore Schwartz. what is the self admits this place. what am I now that I was then? which I shall suffer and act again? more of those themes of of loss and time, time and how it kind of, it's uncontrollable, and it's me, it's, it's always passing us by. and eventually, unfortunately, we're all gonna have an end in the finality, to to this life. so what did you think of how the episode started off? well, it told me right off the bat. I thought, okay, we're gonna go back forth, back forth, back and forth like a yo-yo if throughout this entire episode. and it didn't confuse me at all. I thought I was just gonna be like Westworld, the season finale of the air, where there's just way too much, what Bernard, going back and forth. yeah, a million Wayans. story really, really came together in this episode. totally. so starting off this way, the last, maybe one of the last times they have seen each other before she starts to get sick, or what happens there. we'll talk about that again later, or be too mad at what happens with Pitt Salado and Amelia's we didn't see her death or anything like that. I loved it. it's fitting, because you're right, it was less about the mystery of the kids in the case, and more about a mystery of these two individuals and how they came together, and how each of them kind of change each other's lives. it's a love story. okay, are we going forward? how do we with this big secret between us? so this is a new timeline. we actually saw that an episode of go. but it's kind of like in between 1990 and 2015, let's say, early 2000s. yeah. wayne is working as security at the university. so you can see his wife is again, a wife. we're not sure if that's the same school, probably different school than what Becca went to when he was dropping back off at school, I'm assuming. so she's trying to get away, you know, we are to tell you much. yeah. but, yeah, a little overbearing if he was there every second. but yeah, he's security and amelia is a professor there. and you could see that it was good to see them on good terms still. now let's pick up from last week and Hoyt and Wayne is in a bad situation right now, but we know he's gonna get out of it. no, unless the timelines really screwing with us, which for a second I thought it might have. for a moment I thought they're gonna be screwing with us with the time. I'm glad they didn't do it. this was the moment where I thought, oh, where are we going with this episode? this was the only part I really, there are two parts where I talked about last week. I thought that was gonna be exposition for Boyd's character. don't lean out all these lines about what's going on right off the bat. that does not happen. he quickly strikes that down immediately, telling Wayne, I hate I'm in the dark just like you. I just know enough about this entire case, and I only know enough about what happened to Harrison, right? we assumed that Hoyt was this big bad that was kind of had this grand plan of of doing this to Julie and will and possibly other children may be connected to a larger conspiracy, right? but as it turns out, he was kind of pretty much in the dark. he has no idea what's going on. he's just a rich dude who likes to drink alcohol and let's go hunting. that's what is, the main thing that we learned about Edward Hoyt is that, you know, he lost pretty much everything. yeah. he lost his friend Danny. it looks like he's hit him hard, right? yeah. he has a lot of money. he has deep pockets. he has deep influence in the community. he is able to bring certain things to light to the police if he wants to, evidence that he has on Wayne and Roland. but he doesn't, you know, he's not this big, bad master person. he doesn't have the answers. and, but there is another person who does have all those answers, which I hate it. that's, I mean, we'll get to it later. but the Watts thing really drove me almost off a cliff. now, quite foods, as we said in the past, is based loosely on Tyson Foods, which is like another Arkansas company that is obviously makes amazing chicken nuggets. but, and Edwin Hoyt is kind of loosely based on Don Tyson, who was the president and CEO during the company's meteoric rise to, you know, multi-millionaire, multi-million dollar business, two, multi-billion dollar business instead. obviously deep influence in the community. yes, loosely news stuff, yes. and what source is detective Hayes? could this headline be alluding to? I didn't know. we're looking at suing here, little girlfriend. okay, let's go back to the 80s now for a second, and back again to Amelia's paper. she didn't write the book yet, mm-hmm, but everyone's already pissed off and they want it to die. they wanted to give his own story here. Wayne the P DS like, let's let's kill this now. and well, Wayne, well now we know he says no to that. yeah. I was a little bit surprised that he chose Amelia over what they wanted to do and kind of thrown into the bus. she he took her back, and he was was like, no, I'm not gonna do that. at first he did not. it was a tough sell. he was more of the going back and forth. what do you want at the end of the day? yeah. and he chose Amelia. he was willing to lose this job and deal with whatever came next, and, you know, not throw her on the bus. now, he was giving, he was that source that she was getting on the information from, and he was kind of not happy with how the investigation was going. so no case. and she was his one link. yeah, hold on to that. he could have dropped it there, and they could have died. and no, and that's really the basis for the relationship in the first place, which they bring up from the episode. now, were you surprised that Rowland kind of took the side of his higher-ups and said, hey, he might be a little influenced there. you know, there's no romantically linked. were you surprised that Roland did that to his partner? he tried to save his friend here. he tried to get him back into this and Wayne would not stop. this case, rolling can play the game, but Wayne, way doesn't want to do that. no, he's just out of the Vietnam War, and he is, it's not the same for him. now, back in 2015, grumpy, rolled and confused men, Wayne and Roland are at the Hoyt residence. there a break-in. they breaking it out just it's okay, cool, that's fine. can they break in there? but then everything's conveniently left open for them. Andy's in the room, yes, they are. eyes that everything is still intact. 25 minutes it's overgrown garden and all everything over there. but, you know, it's like no one would have came in there and kind of uncovered the Sun. I know. yeah, that's the one thing I'm like, okay, come on, give me. give me some serious Carcosa vibes from season one. yes, it did very eerie in there, but it was part of a trust. the state was in a trust, and but no one else had any. there's no one else around at all. so inside the pink room where Julie Purcell was held, we see, you know, the Castle drawn on the wall. we see Princess Mary, we see Sir Junius and clean Isabel. you know, it looked like she had a life here that was pretty good at some points, but also not her true family. no, not at all. what the hell were you doing? not always right there. I had a family. sir Roland's pretty pissed off at this point. yet, in 25 years have passed and you didn't tell me anything about this or but at the same time, he again, he was right. he's like looking out for his family. he couldn't wait, wouldn't say anything, didn't say anything. yeah, his family's safety was in jeopardy if he said anything to anyone. yep. and this is around the time were rolling. is a different man now, after the death of Tom. so he probably would have took on this case and continued it until he found the killer. now, after Wayne comes back from his visit with Hoyt, his little eye to eye, they half of each other, he has a heartfelt moment with Amelia where they pretty much go over their relationship in the fact that they really got together only because of this case in the first place. yeah, I'll take a hard truth over a nice lie any day. at this point, you really feel the vibe of, okay, they're just gonna keep doing this over and over, like a back and forth. what do you want Wayne? where do you want to go with this relationship? and they don't end it here. this is just the version, the bookend for the 90s cut of this. Oh, what are we gonna do with our relationship? let's stay together. and then they move on again. now, I mean, while Roland is taking this all a little bit differently. that tomber cells death took a real big toll out of him, yeah. and he's just looking for a fight, literally, in the bar. yeah, he got it. and shocked he survived after they show that last scene of all the animals around the Royal Guard, and yet he's just on the ground at the very end of that shot. so you can get the payoff of the dog coming in one of the best moments of the season, really, when he falls, when he falls in love with the dogs. and then, you you you know, he's been a collector of strays, kind of, you know, throughout the season he's been helping out those that that need his help in he finds himself in a moment where he's all alone. yeah. the dog, you know, taking in the dogs is kind of what we see down the road. is a integral part of his life. while we're on rollin right here. that scene was amazing. at the same time, I don't know what Stephen Dorff is doing next, but I can't wait to figure out what the hell it is. I'm gonna watch it. he'll definitely have a late career, later career resurgence. yes. this. I mean, you and I make Nick, we're making jokes, like, you know, he was, he was fun. and in Blade 1 as the bad guy, but incredible job. two. likes toe-to-toe with Olli. incredible chops and and, you know, cuz that he's one of the best actors in the game. and then for Stephen Dorff to, like, there's no drop-off there. he's not doing a really good job this entire season. now, ray Fisher, on the other hand, oh, god, he's, he's still things. he's in the Justice League. he literally is acting like a cyborg. I'm sorry, ray, I got a language in my head that I don't speak of all the actors here, you got, it's just filled with so many players from top to bottom. so it's rough. so with Henry, I didn't you're telling me like this since week one, you're like, I don't like it. I don't like this. acting is off. it's so jarring when they're both in the same scene together, him and Ollie. I kept thing at night, it'll get better. and then the scene where Wayne and Henry, he's breaking down, like about his, like, childhood, and like, I'm sorry. and he's apologizing for the way he treated him, yeah, and then Henry, the way he has emotions, his tears, he does the thing like this. oh, yeah. that's when I knew. I was like, oh, this is different. told you, Greg, I can see her salon set goes this. mother, you're looking at the director, and then waiting, looking back, is this for real? now, if you're talking to Harris James's wife, they get a name, Junius watts, which was mr. June, and they track him down and go talk to him. now, this is a moment where you didn't enjoy too much, cuz I thought they're gonna give this exposition to heighten me, and they cut it away. and I was like, okay, great. alright. this is, you know, divert our expectations. where are we going guys? a new adventure. we got an hour and 20 minutes to go. and then watch shows up. just to be really like, they're walking that line on magical Negro with him. the only thing they didn't happen, he didn't die at the end. that's the only thing they didn't do at that point. but he still disappears. he gives you everything you want to know. all right, so here's what happened since episode one. and we drugged her. we, you know, she I let her out. and so all the clues are right here. he's just telling him everything. he's doling out all this in exposition, and then he just says, kay, bye. kill me. punish me. punish me. and they're like, no, no, that you can do that yourself. you you have to live with this. I need y'all to punish me. so here is specifically what happened to Julie in a will, apparently, at a height employee function at picnic. isabell, which is ladder, daughter and husband, yes, spotted Julie out the window, and was immediately intrigued by this young girl, and reminded her of her own daughter, yes? and she wanted to hang out with her, spend time with her. and already a little bit weird. and be honest, Lucy, the great mom she is, besides letting the strangers hanging out with her daughter, as long as there's money involved, that in that will, was there to kind of look over her, look over, yeah, like that goes back around, yeah, the notes and putting in the wall, right? so I'll have another one of your kids be in charge of making sure that your daughter is safe with the strangers, yeah, and meet in the middle the woods. mm-hmm. that's all cool. all cool. yeah, this is really strange to me. now, at one point, I don't even know if this was gonna be the day Isabel decided, I'm gonna steal her and take out will. but it just happened to go that way for and she pushes over. well, he falls on a rock, like we thought, and dies. and just watch, has to take care of the body. but one thing I know that the little hands prayer pose, yeah, it was done by a sister. we thought all these, you know, nefarious reasons for what exactly happened to will, and and the dolls, and how he was laid to rest and all stuff, but it turns out is pretty innocent, and it's pretty just like an accident happened and they covered it up. yeah. now, you know, I don't that's this part, obviously, they're in the wrong, and they're, they murdered someone. even if it's an accident, you need to go to the cops and explain what happened. and then watch lets us know that Harris James was complicit in the entire thing, you know, and it was really just him. boy, didn't know anything else, apparently, about this. you see no evil, hear no evil at this point. it's good. I find that hard to believe as well. yeah, I know a lot of stuff happening under the guise knows who seems like he's a, you know, he kind of, you know, he knows about the GPS deeper in Harris and Aaron, Harris James's beeper. knows about all these things, but he doesn't know what's going on in the basement, in the pink room with the bank vault lock on it. like he had to have known about that, I think, at this point. but remember, Julie's gone, so fact that, like, this thing is such a big deal to Isabel, why wouldn't Edward Hoyt know about, you know, her change in character at when there's a child arrives that's not there, isn't it? the house? hey, he's complicit as well. he knows what's going on. he just doesn't want to do anything about it because he's trying to take care of Isabel. I'll let you find your own way back. so, Harris James did plant the evidence at Woodards house, like we suspected. and he also paid off Lucy. I wonder how much money exactly was paid off in order to get her to, who knows, be quiet about this. but I mean, you just lost your son, mm-hmm, and you're still gonna, like, go along with it, and they're gonna hunt for a few bucks, they're gonna quiet you for some cash that had that that seems completely unreasonable. so when they're drugging Julie, they were using lithium. they were just dosing her day by day, who knows how long. yeah, out her childhood for years. she was, was being told all these stories, and she was literally drugged the entire time, until watts kind of had enough and wanted to free her from her one. her mind was in fantasy land, yes point. so he wanted to free her. I was surprised that Watts never went to the police, like I said earlier, at any point during this time. if you know that it's is unsafe environment for a child, and that, you know, Isabel is doing something horribly mm-hmm, how can that happen? you live with that not do something? he even went out to Amelia's book signing, remember? so he had the motivation. he had the motive to go do it. he wanted to do something about this. and you could say, you can nitpick everything here and say, oh, if he called, then they would just had him in a line with a bunch of other people who say the same thing, claiming they know where Julie is, snake farm. at the same time, Watts has the ability to just call and come in there, but he feels like he's scared of Hawaii and the big business thing going on in the background, which everyone is terrified of, right? well, the least he could do could help her escape. but she does. he unlocks the the bank vault thing, uh-huh, and lets her out. and then, I know, tells her, gives her a map and tells her where to meet him. and, you know, he was genuinely gonna help her, it seemed. but she never showed up. and she ends up at a convent, and which we knew back a few episodes ago, or Amelia talks to a young woman, and that young woman happens to be the nun that's running the place later on. and that's where you get your first school. yeah. okay, here we go. here. where we going with this? and then they claim that Julie died of HIV at the time to close the case. again, at that point, your your head. and I'm pretty sure everyone at home, we're going own no, there's no way that happened now now, and his old age genius Watts, finally wants to get punished for this. he wants them to kill him. and they're like, no, no, we're gonna, I'm not gonna do that for you. we're gonna let you get the easy way out. let you sit in this. we let you sit with this. you have your entire life, and your enough to deal with it. and if you want to take your take your own life, well you gotta. you got enough guns here to do it. I need y'all to punish me. so Wayne and Rowland go over to the cemetery to say their goodbyes to Mary July, their apologies, apologize to for not being able to save her, mm-hmm, and being in finish off the case. but then they also come in touch with a landscaping crew that Mike, father daughter, landscaping group. his name's Mike. and then the little girl comes over. oh, hello, Lucy. Lucy. okay, we've heard that name before. Mike, obviously, is the same Mike that we've met earlier in the season, he's did a little kid that was really close with Julie. and at one point, you know, saw himself marrying Julie, you kind of it, fell in love with her, little crush on her. boom, he started crying. he said he always thought he'd married Julie when he grew up. so at that point, you could say that they could wrap this season up right then. and there you got Mike the kids in the car, they drive off, and you can just wrap it up there. and then the audience go, ok, that's we know what's going on here. instead, the showrunners get a little meta, and the scene right after that, they think, do you do you think this is the ending? is this really is going on? we got an ending idea, but I don't you feel like any kind of closure? and from that point you're hit with ending after ending after ending, likely Return of the King. basically, what if I told you there was another story? that's the story? uh-huh? the story. here we go again. so Wayne tracks down Mike. are doing the address, and he heads over there, mm-hmm, thinking he's gonna find the entire this is it reveal this is it? this is the ending. you think, okay, here we go. they're wrong and together, and he's gonna explain everything. but then you realize, wait, what's gonna happen here? what's gonna happen if he goes in that door, charges the door and knocks on and says, you're actually blah, blah. what's he gonna do to her family and everything? so I, I actually enjoyed that ending, or this ending number two, saying, we can call it dork. I agree with you two. so he kind of says that he doesn't remember what's going on, where he is, he's lost. he's playing that whole thing up. now, some people believe that he truly is forgetful in that moment, and he's he's doesn't know where he is. he's lost. he calls up Henry helped. some people think that maybe he's kind of playing it off, and he does make the connection, that, hey, this is Julie Purcell and her daughter in front of me. I don't think he made the connection. I think was way more bittersweet. people think I'm like, 50/50 on the fence. I don't know for sure. the only problem if, if he, if he did make the connection, and he has the address, and he truly wants her to be in hiding, and the story kind of healed itself, right? and he doesn't want to bring any this stuff to surface, because it would bring so much pain to the surface. then why even give the note back to his son, Henry, so we're not just tossed in the trash can? why? I think that's what isin else, that's for Eliza. that's Henry gives that note to Eliza, which is gonna keep the case open, which and she's gonna crack it up. yeah. so if Wayne truly wanted this, the story to end there, and for Julie to kind of live on in this new life that she created, and a lot of stuff, horrible stuff, happened along the way, but she's now safe, and she has a family, and they're enjoying life, it seems, I don't know why you would hand over that note and keep that note, keep that possibility open. so we get our most the Wizard of Oz type happy and Dean, the whole gangs all together. at this point, you're thinking, Oh, Roland's showing up with the dogs and everything. we needed the dogs. there's it. one thing to note when they're on the porch right there, the grandkids are riding their bikes, an obvious callback to episodes on when the / cells are on their bikes as well. triggers Wayne, and he goes back into his mind one last time. you think they are, oh, oh. are we gonna get one last clue about is he gonna find out? write them in there. it was Julie, the woman at the door. no, no, no. this is one more time with Amelia. this really bookends the entire show at this point. it gives you one last scenario. we're at the beginning. Amelia's like, what do you want to do? yes or no? middle what do you want to do? yes or no. and then at the very end, same question. he doesn't know, but he knows he wants a million in his life. they come, woman, where are you? now let's talk about that last shot that we see. we see Wayne in the jungle. he's a natural tracker, as we know in the Vietnam War. and then he kind of loved that shot, disappears into the jungle itself. it's the last shot we see. how'd you interpret that? great way to end it. and it really just goes back to you can watch the season again. and really the main character here is Vietnam. it's the Vietnam War from beginning to end, everything that's triggered Wayne, even the musical score they had in the background for certain scenes when he flips in and out of where he wants to go, where he doesn't want to be a certain time. and you look back at the scene with Woodard backand I think was an episode two or three, and the interrogation, seeing where whither, it says this, you ever been someplace you couldn't leave? you couldn't stay? but at the same time, the Purcell case, Wayne's dementia, Amelia, his relationship with Amelia, are all wrapped around the Vietnam War. it's filled from the brim with a Vietnam references that from beginning to end. even when Hoyt brings up the fact that I was in the seventh infantry, right? and it's stuck with him, you can't go, wait, and he knows that, you know, that Wayne has seen some things. yeah, it's been in action. and it kind of also goes that idea that a lot of Vietnam vets are also like dreamers, like when you're in a situation of as intense as war, you kind of have to bring your mind out to deal with those things, in and out of different types of reality, right? better, better memories, better moments of your life, in order to kind of get out of the horrors that you're seeing when you're in war. yeah. ii Wayne step back on American soil. he's been dealing with this idea of closure. he hasn't had it. he's been trying as hard as the first case he gets right when he comes back from Vietnam, when he's a detective, what is the Purcell case? he never got that ending he wanted from that case at all. and so we go again to the 90s. he's continuing in that case, and then again in 2015. he won't let it die. he has to continue it. in the bittersweet, I think it's kind of bittersweet ending, because I think that, you know, him kind of disappearing to the jungle. he's always gonna be tracking. so there's gonna be kind of in his own memories. and he is sick, you know. he's always gonna be searching for that conclusion. he'll be coming back and forth. this what is let's think, yeah, he might not get there. time is a flat circle. this is a world where nothing is solved. and someone once told me, time is a flat circle. everything we've ever done, or will do, we're gonna do over and over again. now, let's end this breakdown with some questions that you and I still have after seeing this season play out. um, number one, what happened with Eliza in the documentary? I has canceled it? I feel like, did they cut, it's like that out, that they just picked that part out. and I'm Netflix, like, I feel like this should've been a call, which is Henry on the line. he's got the note, and he's like, hey, Eliza, I got this check. but at the same time, he's trending back with his wife now. so I don't think he's gonna be hitting a little, I say, anytime soon exactly. it woulda been interesting to see her in this seat in this episode, just to see, you know, the information that she might have in 2015. because, remember, she, it seemed like she had a ton of info, like, still to share. it's a lot of was using her as a character as for us of the audience, and Reddit Steve, that's where her character was the entire time. and he just pulled it away for the entire final episode. now, how about Amelia? at one point, I think you and I thought she was a suspect, and I think a lot of the internet did, because the first episode, which made me go, there's no way, she's probably the killer. and I'm glad they didn't have that final poll back where he's like, oh boy. at the very end, without heads and the bikes. yeah, but no, it's just on their love story. and she's happened to be a great writer and really intrigued I was going on, and wanted to help out, and just fell in love with me. that's it. now, what we didn't get is how Amelia passed away? no, but Nick puts a lot of said on his Instagram that she passed away in her sleep, peacefully. they filmed 2013. yeah. and they didn't actually show that in the episode, but that it is filmed. yes, they cut it. and he wants to put it on a DVD or something down the line. he's gonna have these deleted scenes come back. it is good to know that these time they that they, they're on a good note. yes, he passed away, that it wasn't, I think that's what they had us do with the very first scene of this episode where they're together, they're like, okay, there's still hope. there's still very moments they had together, even after, even during them, in betweens of this case. and finally, Roland, we, you know, he had a really good character arc for the entire season, but we didn't really find out what happened in some of his personal life with his partner that he had really on, and then how it turned into him him being solo, kind of losing everything, and then just pick it up a bunch of stray dogs. yeah, that's just his life. who people thought, oh, did he have a relationship with Tom? what was going on? not true. the whole thing with it, we thought his wife, he was, she was never his wife. they never said that. so he wasn't lying to Wayne a few episodes back, when he was asking, where's your wife? let's milk. she wasn't his wife. overall, I still enjoyed his character. are totally. it was very, very well done. that's because, again, Stephen Dorff, he did an amazing job. you don't want to live with it. [ __ ]. don't. alright, let's wrap this up. Greg, are you excited for a season four of true detective I do you think I know the answer? yes, yes. in fact, I really, I'm gonna go back and watch the season a lot more than I thought I was from the beginning, the first the second view, it warns a few viewings. honestly, what it did in season three, compared to season one, it took just the feeling, gave you the feeling of season one this time over. at the same time, I thought they did a great job, because of the acting, kept it together the entire time. you can nitpick anything you want here, especially the wot scene at the very end. but I enjoyed almost every second of this season. I agree with you. I enjoyed it a lot. that was a major return to form after season two, which I did not prefer to view. not bad, yo, but some crappy Vince Vaughn lines. that's about it. it's not that bad. season three very much felt like season 1. I'm amazing acting across the board. I'm excited for whatever comes next. it's probably gonna be some time though. yeah, it's a lot. oh, he works a lot better when he has the time in space. and he also said that he may do a movie or something. else another show, all right? which was totally fine. I love that. give him a year, year and a half more, as much time as he needs to write the next season. and also, if there, I don't expect there to be more than one more season, if he does another season, because he already said prior that he wasn't a huge fan of coming back and trying to rewrite the will over and over and over. if they do do a season four, I'm guessing they're gonna continue to link together the child ring any way they can, whether or not they're gonna try to solve it in this season. who knows, maybe it's a Miami Vice kind of thing. I would love that they just take it down to Miami. you see old rust school on a boat somewhere, is in the seventh episode, and they're just asking them questions about the old cases. they could go that way. whether or not they're gonna do it in the next season, who knows, but again, I'm all for whatever they have. Miami Vice would be my favorite idea. but I think they're actually gonna remake and they're rebooting Miami Vice. so Nick Pitts law does a lot of research and work into his season so he may not want anything that's too close to the show. totally guys. that'll do it for this breakdown. thank you guys so much for watching all season long with us. let us know what you thought of the season and how you thought the finale wrapped up, if you liked it, if you didn't like it, what other theories you might have know what you guys thought. thank you so much, once again, for watching along with us. it was all in Russ Cole's head, the entire third sees the entire season. yep. Wow. bye guys. 