watching you hit as hard as you can. hi, I'm Luke Ryan for Joe. Blow calm and welcome to movie endings explain, where we'll be taking a look at some of the more ambiguous and discussed movie endings that have left audiences debating their true meaning long after the credits of roles. this time we're going to be looking at one of the most heatedly discussed movie endings of recent times, Christopher Nolan's inception from 2010. the mind-bending sci-fi thriller follows a group of extractors who use experimental military technology to carry out espionage of the brain. they tap it the subconscious of their targets through a shared dream world, effectively entering the person's mind and extracting whatever important information they've been paid to find. Leonardo DiCaprio plays Cobb, the central figure of the film, and he is given the task of doing kind of a reverse extraction by a businessman named Saito. the job is to plant an idea in the targets mind, an inception within the subconscious. Cobb is a master of extraction, a mind manipulator, who can get his marks to reveal their deepest secrets in a shared dream. I'm of course, assuming you have seen the movie as we get into the ambiguity of the ending, so let's just dive right into it. Cobb find Saito in limbo, a dream level so deep that the mind is trapped there indefinitely. wherein Saito's head, he has been there for decades. come back. mind you something you once knew this world is Mario, to put this to honor our words, take a leap of faith, yes, back so he can be undead together again. [Music], I'm let me [Music]. KOB manages to bring him out of limbo, and they both awake on a plane heading for Los Angeles. as Cobbs wife, mal framed him for her own murder when she killed herself, he had fled the US. but presumably, after a phone call made by Sato, he is able to re-enter the country and to reunite with his children. the most important element in this ending is, of course, Cobb spinning top totem, an object that tells him whether or not he's in a dream state. the various totems of the team work in different ways, but in the case of Cobb, if the spinning top spins endlessly he is still dreaming. if it topples, he is back in reality. after being emotionally devastated by his wife mouths deep delusions and death following her descent into dream worlds, Cobb is obsessed with checking whether or not he is in fact dreaming, and the totem is his direct link to verify reality. once he's home at the end of the film, naturally, he tests his totem. he's fantasized over being reunited with his children for so long that he had to check he wasn't still in a dream and that his kids weren't projections in his mind. however, as they run to the house to greet him, he abandons the spinning top and goes over to them, look who's here. [Music]. and there the film ends, focused on the spinning top. it's an ending to a gripping film that is destined to either a vocal round of applause or heavy groan. after so much investment in the story, some people want to know if it was real. and yet some people are content without having it spelled out to them. here's some of the clues that could point towards either answer. to starters, it seems unlikely that Sato could simply make a phone call and clear Cobbs name completely. Cobb himself is practically amazed and seems as if he can hardly believe his re-entry into the country. but unlikely doesn't mean impossible. and Saito was clearly a businessman with quite a bit pull, so I'd say it's unlikely, but still plausible. many people have pointed out that the spinning top totem also belonged to Mao, so you could argue that it might not even work totally for Cobb, seeing as she's no longer alive. but they did both use it, and the idea is that the user knows the exact weight and feel of the object. so I think that point is pretty thin. then there's Cobbs children, whose faces we don't fully and clearly see until the end of the film. they appeared to be the same age in both his last memory of them and in the ending even though there's a couple of years between the two. so maybe it's a projection of his children. well, you can debate how similar the memory and the ending version of the children look, but there are actually two sets of actors credited as playing both of them. so there is a subtle difference in their age, even if we never see their faces until the end. and of course, the actual spinning of the spinning top. if it were to topple at the end, we would have our definite answer, Cobb is home free and in reality. yet the cut to black injects the question of whether or not it ever will topple. now if we look even closer and slow down the footage Tad's not that we need to, but just to give an extended view, the top does begin to wobble. surely that's a sign that it's just about to fall over? well, sure, but the fact that we removed from seeing it fall over before the credits roll will always spark debate. it wobbled, but it was still spinning. that's one of the intriguing powers of film. an extra second of footage, he'll even twelve frames, could drastically add a different spin on the end of cop story. so why don't we see the top form to let us know the cub is still dreaming, although he doesn't care anymore. a man so driven by the truth of his reality, paranoid over checking if he is truly awake, has now literally walked away from his obsession. when the cop is still dreaming or not, one thing is for sure, he has chosen a path of caring about something else. and that's the true completion of his characters arc. to him, in that moment, it doesn't matter. and to us the audience, it almost doesn't matter. of course, most of us want answers. here's what Christopher Nolan had to say about it five years after the film was released. the way the end of that film worked, Leonardo DiCaprio's character, Cobb, he was off with his kids. he was in his own subjective reality. he didn't really care anymore. and that makes a statement, perhaps all levels of reality are valid. the camera moves over to the spinning top, just before it appears to be wobbling. it was cut to black. I skip out of the back of the theater before people catch me, and there's a very, very strong reaction from the audience. the point is, objectively, it matters to the audience in absolute terms, even though when I'm watching it's fiction, a sort of virtual reality. but the question of whether that's a dream or whether it's real, is the question I've been asked most about any of the films I've made. it matters to people, because that's the point about reality. reality matters. Christopher Nolan also stated that the idea of there being any clues in the film to tell you whether it's a dream or not would ruin the intentional ambiguity of the final shot. he says that there can't be anything in the film that tells you one way or another, because then the ambiguity at the end of the film would just be a mistake. it would represent a failure in the film to communicate something. but it's not a mistake. I put that cut there at the end, imposing ambiguity from outside the film. that always felt like the right ending to me. it always felt like be appropriate kick the real point of the scene. and this is why I tell people, Cobb isn't looking at the top. he's looking at his kids. he's left it behind. that's the emotional significance of the thing. now, many people have debated whether or not the spinning top is really Cobbs true totem. the theories raging over what the real deal could possibly be. some speculation points towards his wedding ring, which can be seen on his hand in the dream world, but not in the real world. others have proposed that his children's faces are his totem, and in his dreams he never gets to see them, which would tie in very neatly with his wife mouths own paranoia that their children were not real and just projections. ultimately, though, I think those theories are a bit too far reaching. and as complicated as Inception can get, with multiple dream levels and distorted realities, I think the culmination of the film is as simple as its presented. it's most likely the Cobb is awake and that he really is being reunited with his kids. and the spinning top is one final reminder from Nolan that sometimes you should question your reality, but sometimes you should also make your own [Music] you 