[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it, so you don't have to. if you've been keeping up to date with my videos, then you'll know that earlier in the week, I dropped some tidbits on leaks that we've had it in regards to the final episode of Game of Thrones. and whilst it covered some minor parts and revelations, that was still a lot missing. well, an entire episode breakdown has just leaked online. and not only does it cement the prior things we found out, but it also adds a lot more detail. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down the plot of episode 6 in all of its entirety, from beginning to end. whilst this is a leak, it is consistent with what we've already seen. but do take it with a pinch of salt. it's obviously we can't verify this until we see the episode for ourselves. from here on out, its full spoilers ahead. so if you don't want to know anything about the final episode in the season, then this is your last, last chance to turn off the video. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. I hope you enjoy it. now sit back, relax, and let's get into my full episode breakdown of the Game of Thrones season 8 finale. okay, so I'll pretty much be reading most of this verbatim and adding in my own thoughts and comments to hopefully help with the narrative as we go along. anyway, this episode opens with Jon Davos and Tyrion walking through the aftermath of King's Landing. Tyrion walks through what's left of the castle and sees Jamie's hand. so we start to uncover the rubble, and he confirms both Cersei and Jaime are dead. over the last week, we've had reports that Jaime could still be alive due to him not receiving an after-show send-off. but this leak confirms that the character is indeed dead, and up there with Varys, the red woman and the rest of the characters that D&amp;D couldn't be bothered to write a proper M for. anyway, they find grey worm and his men, and they have Lannister soldiers trapped, and they're about to kill them. Jon tries to tell grey worm to stop - which grey worm tells John that it's the Queen's orders. then they cut to Dany giving a speech, pretty much saying how she's freed the people from King's Landing, and the new goal is freeing the rest of the Danny turns to terian and tells him he committed treason. and terian tells her that she's killed thousands of innocent people. and he takes off the hands pin and throws it at the ground. due to this betrayal at Danny sends him to prison. this is consistent with the way the show seemed to be going for the character. and tyrion has pretty much had a hard time dealing with the way that Danny has changed so rapidly over the past season. which, yeah, he's not the only one there. any way. from here, John goes to see Danny, at which punch he's sitting on the Iron Throne alone. John tells her that she needs to stop being crazy and that grey worm killed the Lannister army from the previous scene. Danny tells John that she's doing it for the people. John pretends to understand and the greens, but he's tricking her. when a guard is down, he stabs and he kills her, which, if this is the way she goes out, is pretty disappointing. drogon comes and he's standing over her body, and he melts the Iron Throne and carries her away. I can see this being pretty disappointing if the happens, especially the Iron Throne bit, as who finally sits there has been teased for so long that there's no way that this doesn't let people down. anyway, grey worm has Tyrion and John as his prisoners. after their betrayal, the council, led by Sansa, tells grey worm to release John back to them, but he refuses. that's when Tyrion says that the new king or queen should decide what happens to John. Sam suggests a democratic vote for the new king, which Tyrion calls stupid. however, they go ahead with this, and the council votes and decides that bran should be the king. bran then picks Tyrion as his hand. this is consistent with the leaks that we've had so far. and though many, myself included, switched and said they changed to Sansa, this is a point of contention which I'll discuss later in this episode, Torian tells John that his punishment is going back to the wall and to join the Nights Watch. grey worm accepts Jon's punishment, but he doesn't bend the knee. and then he leaves with his troops and Dothraki Army. and together they go on ships to free the slave cities. they show Terry in leading the council. and John says goodbye to Sansa and Arya. Arya tells them that she isn't going back home, and that she's going to explore whatever's west of Westeros, because that's where no one has been. the final scene is a closing montage. you see area on a ship with Sansa ruling Winterfell. this is sort of where the confusion between brown and Sansa has come from for many, I think, because with the leaks before this being so sparse, there was a lot of back and forth on it. so just to clarify a bran is the king of the Seven Kingdoms, and Sansa is the ruler of Winterfell. Jon doesn't stay at the wall, and he reunites with Tommen and ghost Bhumi pets the other fates. are as follows. the council members are Samwell Tarly, the Grandmaster Davos Seaworth, master of ships. bran, master of coin and Highgarden. Brienne, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard. Yara Greyjoy, lord of I and Islands. Robin, Lord of Kingdom of the mountain and the Vale. Gendry, a lot of storms. end and yon rice, Lord of Runestone. Sam mentions that they seem drogon in some location, but unsure. and brandy says, I'll look for him. they don't have a master of laws and whisperers, and Tyrion is looking for the right people to fill these spots. and no, they don't clarify what Brian was doing during the Battle of Winterfell. and that's pretty much everything you have on the episode. but this is how it goes down. I can definitely see a lot of people being disappointed on the whole, as I think the majority of characters get a full deal. I know it's Game of Thrones and you should never expect a happy ending, but this feels like quite poor handling. and I'm still kind of helping in the back of my mind that this isn't how it goes down. but more and more every day. as these leaks come out, they seem to back up the ones before. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the leaks. and if you think they will happen or not, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my 11 minute video of Game of Thrones actors being disappointed about how season 8 has turned out, which will be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe your definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best, and I'll next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 