hey, welcome back to review recap. today i will be showing you a suspenseful thriller movie called run. spoilers ahead. sit tight and enjoy. the movie starts in a hospital. diane is shown waiting restlessly about a report from the doctors, as her baby was born prematurely. when she is brought into the room, she sees her baby, chloe, and asks the doctors if she will be okay. they don't answer her. 18 years later, chloe is an intelligent girl who suffers from arrhythmia, hemochromatosis, asthma, diabetes and paralysis, resulting in her needing a wheelchair to move around. she takes a number of medications and is taken care of by diane. chloe also has an interest in technology and fixing home appliances. diane attends a support group session for other mothers whose children are going away to college. when asked about chloe, diane remains firm that she doesn't have to worry about chloe. chloe has been looking out in the mail for college admission letters, but diane always reaches the mailbox before her and says there is nothing there for her. after bringing home groceries, chloe tries to sneak into the bag and get some chocolates, but she finds a container of green and gray pills that appear to be the exact same ones that diane has been giving her. when diane brings it to her later that night, chloe asks if they are actually hers, but diane says she is mistaken. chloe later checks the container again and sees a label with her name on it, but then peels it back to find diane's name on it. chloe tries to look up the drug try goxin on the internet, only to find that the internet has been disconnected, purposely by diane. she waits for her mom to go out of the house as she tries to call someone for information about the medicine. she tries the local pharmacy, but the pharmacist recognizes the number and thinks it's diane, forcing chloe to hang up. she then tries an operator until she gets to know that the call will be charged by the minute, and as she talks diane will find out about it. as a last resort, she dials a random number and calls a man who is in the middle of an argument with his girlfriend. after appealing to his ego to stop him from hanging up. chloe asks him to google trigoxin and describe it to her. in spite of what she is holding. the trigox in the man looks up as a red pill, leaving chloe staggered. chloe gets diane to take her to see a movie. she excuses herself to use the bathroom, but really uses the opportunity to run across to the pharmacy. she manages to cut the line and talk to the pharmacist who recognizes the drug from diane's prescriptions. the pill is not trigoxin, but a muscle relaxant for dogs called redocane. human ingestion causes leg paralysis. as chloe becomes shocked by this discovery, she gets asthma attack. diane quickly enters the pharmacy searching for her. she sends the other customers away and gets chloe alone as she injects her with a sedative. chloe wakes up to find herself locked in the bedroom. she gets a hot needle and fills her mouth with water before crawling out of the window and making her way to diane's bedroom window, using the hot needle to poke a crack on the glass. she spits the water to break the glass. after crawling through, chloe starts to have an asthma attack and manages to make it to her room to get her inhaler. she tries to go downstairs, but falls when the wheelchair lift breaks. chloe manages to just slightly move her legs. she wheels herself out of the house and makes it down the road where she stops the mailman, tom, who perceive her. chloe tells him about what diane has been doing, and he agrees to help her. unfortunately, diane is driving down the street and happens to see her. she runs to tom and asks to see her, saying she will take her to the hospital. diane instead gets a needle from her bag and injects tom before getting chloe back back at home. diane has now chained chloe's wheelchair in the basement. while it's shown that she killed thompson, she is seen dragging a bloody body away. chloe go through the rubbish and sees all college acceptance letters. she also finds a box that reveals diane's dark secret about her real baby, chloe, who died after just over two hours from being born. diane abducted another baby girl from the hospital. and chloe finds a newspaper clipping of her birth parents crying, as well as a picture of her as a child with apparently proper use of her legs. when diane goes downstairs, chloe confronts her if she was even ever sick. and diane is insistent that she has always been taking care of her. she starts to make some kind of neurotoxin to feed chloe, but chloe locks herself in the closet. she then grabs a bottle of organophosphate as diane enters, and chloe drinks it to poison herself. diane widely attempts to stop her. later it's shown that diane brings chloe to the hospital where she is settled, but cannot speak. when chloe wakes up, she tries to message the nurse by writing something down, but the nurse is called out on another job. diane takes advantage of the opportunity to take chloe out of the hospital and bring her back home. the nurse returns and sees that chloe scribbled mom on the paper to alert her. diane reaches an escalator that is out of order, but when she tries to find another way out, chloe stops the wheelchair by planting her feet on the ground and declaring she doesn't need diane. security catches up to them, and diane pulls out her gun, leading her to get shot in the shoulder and fall down a flight of stairs. seven years later, chloe's life has gotten better. she is married with a child, and she has slightly better use of her legs. as well as having been able to reunite with her real parents. chloe has also been developing prosthetic limbs for children. the movie ends showing chloe visiting diane in prison, calling her mom. but she is also giving her rito cane to prevent her from walking, now having control over her former captor. thanks for watching. please subscribe the channel to watch more movies like this and help us grow. 