[Music], disturbing breakdown. here we come. i told y'all to be in hong kong on friday, and we got a very cool category three film, red to kill, a story about kylok, a welfare worker who helps the mentally challenged ming ming settle into her new home. however, a serial rapist and murderer is roaming around only raping and killing victims who wear red. of course, red is a very common color for our two main ladies, isn't it? this movie has rape scenes that are almost on par with ice. spit on your grave, and don't expect a happy ending. you got two beautiful actresses, lily chong and money lo, playing mee ming and kylo respectfully. and bin nung as mr chan. directed by billy tong as well. and he literally died over a month ago. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown. oh no, there's a big commotion going down. welfare worker kyle lope, races to stop this mother from throwing her son out the window. she's ashamed of him for some reason, and threatens to throw him out. meanwhile, a lady in a red dress. walks home, sexy and bold. it's a shame that a creep watches and stalks. this creep is called the red rapist, and only targets beautiful ladies wearing red. this creep walks around breathing that gives the shape a run for his money. during that whole suicidal commotion, he kidnaps her, breaks her arms and rapes her. might be too explicit for me to show. also, the lady jumps with her son and they both die. colloque. oh gee. look, i'm calling her that for the rest of the video. she plans on quitting because she isn't making any kind of progress helping people that need help. before she can quit, her boss gives her one last assignment, help ming. ming, i'll just call her ming from now on. but ming is a mentally challenged girl who just unknowingly lost her father in a car accident. she's one of the most adorable characters we've come across. but doesn't know her father is dead. she thinks he's been stuck in the bread aisle for the past 18 hours. og loke helps ming settle in at the home of the mentally challenged. as they walk upon those doors they see a body has been discovered, probably that red dress lady from the beginning. but this [ __ ] crowd thinks these harmless kids are the corporates. they are dangerous. these idiots will end up killing someone. one smiled at me stupidly, not any welcoming that ming needs here. but mr chan, he helps us settle in too. og lo goes back home, ignoring her mother's messages. when she hears that our precious ming has gone missing, she goes searching all over from me, including her old home. they have a heart to heart where luke tells her to continue practicing her dancing and that we were gangsters for life. after that, ming has found a place at her new home, making new friends and admire new friends and admire your admirer. in my year and my word, just so y'all know, when you're behind a mic, sometimes it's just hard to say [ __ ] lovers [ __ ] guess you can find little pervs everywhere. because this guy wants to touch means balls, but not the kind you kick around. o.g lok practices her dance with her also, and also becomes a target for the red rapist. that's until a drunk cardi b comes in throwing insults around, but gets caught by the killer her damn self. the rape and murder is off screen, but the aftermath is right after. the most disturbing part of the movie so far is how disrespectful karen and tucker is in their treatment of the people at the mentally challenged building, calling them things and filth. so ready to square up with them for no reason. you people make me [ __ ] sick. how about we get some, uh uh, ultimate detectives up in here? let's get some investigations rolling on fellas. one thing i like about ming is that she helps everyone feel better when they get away from the bullies and other sadness. plus she embodies that naruto rhetoric, never give up type stuff. none of the people here are the killer. nobody even has this killer build. pretty obvious who that is. right later, the daughter of karen from earlier is grabbed by that drunk, pervy guy who tried to fill up ming's balls. he really didn't mean too much harm, but that didn't stop everybody in the building from thinking he's the red rapist. the kids from the mentally challenged building alerted everybody and oh, looky here. now that she knows who it really is, she takes back all those evil words she said about the mentally challenged. well, [ __ ] if it's cool with y'all, then whatever. i wonder where mr chan is. oh, here he is, breathing heavy and hiding. i wonder why. oh wow. i never imagined the red rapist to be mr chan. of course. ming. ming is the victim. he wants really bad. ming catches him looking at her dance and invites him to watch. seeing her red underwear though, got him making a hilarious, yet evil, sick face. ming is too innocent to even imagine the wickedness inside mr chan. later on, ming does her performance at the mentally challenged talent competition. she wins. after mr chan leaves to go. imagine his descent into the dark side. when he was just a wee lad, he couldn't do anything but watch his mother cheat on his father, right there, right in front of them. when the father comes to stop the affair, the two chop him to death right in front of his kids. that's not enough, because his mother then kills his little brother right in front of him too. with his last ounce of strength, the father pulls the mother down, who falls down right on the same blade she used to kill. oh yeah, she was wearing red too. in the midst of this painful memory, ming comes in wearing all red. he painfully tells her to leave, since he doesn't want to rape the most good person, regardless, he can't control himself. and we have a harsh rape scene, almost on par with something and i spit on your grave, and maybe even irreversible. it's a little tough to get through ripping her clothes off and having to see someone who has no idea what is going on be attacked in this way. then there's that sickening smile. okay, we'll stop there, because spooky actually got a little emotional imagining the agony of this scene. she feels dirty, ashamed, and slashes at her pubic hair because that whole area feels dirty. everybody in the building knows something went down. and og loke is the first to talk directly to ming about what happened. mr chan is a special villain in this disturbing library. me and rice, we have a nice masenko waiting right for him. now we go to court. ming has to tell exactly what happened. but she can barely form a sentence through the pain of remembering. now i'm starting to understand why people hate defense attorneys. i'm sure the greatest defense attorney out there is phoenix wright, no hands down. at this point, i'm pretty pissed like deadass. this [ __ ] basically tells her that, you're a girl, you got breasts. your breasts must have touched his arm, therefore, you want it to get [ __ ]. that's basically what he says. it's like what? she can barely even say a word, and he is accusing her of seducing mr chan when she is literally probably too innocent to even know about sex. they even say in the court she has the mind of a 10 year old. it all makes her scream in horror. if that ain't proof, then i don't know what is. i'm sure her clothes didn't rip off by themselves. i'll read to you verbatim the conclusion of the judge. since it is too painful for her to reconsider her crime, it is inadequate to submit her evidence, and the defendant must be set free. you all hear that that scissors is looking for a fresh pair of balls to rip off. and ding, ding, ding. mr chan, come right on up. mr chan goes free. but gladly, ming has people that support and care for her. dead inside, everybody desperately wishes for her to come back. of course, mr chan is free to rape again. he comes into meme's room late one night, apologizing, but still monstrous. he has some sick love for her because she's so pure and innocent. oh gee, look. comes in. but it doesn't sway this demon no matter how much she threatens him. mr chan's abuse has caused ming to start slashing herself and have a fear of the color red in general. so next we see mr chan at the bar, completely devolved into his sick behavior. then a very sexy lady in red just seems to call his attention. she can get by his weird behavior too. she goes right to mr chan's place too, acting all sexy and stuff. is that og lope? i had no idea she must be like, i don't know, like trying to prove that he's a rapist or something. but her plan fails when he closes the window on her. and everybody waiting sees the plan fall apart. inside, he shaves off his hair, manically, completely turning into this insane monster. anyway, og lok goes looking all over from ming, but mr chan jump scares them. he completely devolved into this horny maniac. might be a good idea to run before you get heated all across the room. ming watches as mr chan rips away luke's clothes, intent to rape her, before deciding to strip new to shift his attention. he's pretty strong and durable, but the plan eventually works, and luke sneaks away. and look at that shocked face. starts suffocating her to death, but no matter how much ming fights back. then she stabs him in the eye on accident, and he throws her through a window, giving her very serious injuries. soon, lok streams for him to come on, take me. the idiot jumps right for her, but falls directly on a table saw where she activates and destroys his neck, covering her in red all over. okay, all right, clean yourself off, man. you did. luke runs over to ming, but struggles to wake her up. soon they all go to the hospital, where we learn ming is in a sort of coma, and if she does wake up, it's likely she will be in a vegetative state it's sad, cause everyone gives her reasons to wake up. and eventually she does wake up, only for the movie to shoot us right in the face and have her immediately die right after. and that's it. the movie ends just like that, as they all express anger and sadness. a mentally challenged girl with a lot of promise, very adorable, and she just represented straight hope, lost her father, goes to live somewhere else, only to be raped and then she dies from them. it's like, you know, that's the kind of [ __ ] that should make you like, what's the point of this [ __ ]. you know, well, ming, you're still my homie. you're my homie. you're up there with us. oh gee, look, you look and sounded just like bo from untold stories. y'all remember bo? anyway, let's talk about the most disturbed moment and most enjoy a moment. and that's spooky stuff. [Music]. these hong kong horrors feel like an untapped source of disturbing. i've never heard about this film before, but it hits the fields, brought focus on real life issues that were probably relevant at the time, and was just genuinely pretty good. i see a lot of hong kong in china in the disturbing library future. the most disturbing moment is the entire rape of meming, the sequence, starting with the rape, all the way to the core scene. also like, i spit on your grave. and maybe a little of irreversible. the women are slightly being blamed for being raped. i actually had a nightmare after watching this movie. most enjoyed moment definitely the whole final showdown. killing the bad guy in that way pretty cool. but throwing both ladies all around the room, it was just a little funny, just a tad bit funny. and that's it. i hope you guys enjoyed this video. if you did, maybe consider liking it and subscribing. if you haven't, untold story, our last hong kong category 3 film, right there on your forehead. thanks for watching. spooky out 