hi. so the Mission Impossible series is that one franchise that has Benjamin buttons disease. Tom gets older, the stunts get bigger, there's more installments, yet it seems to keep using less and less CGI. like, damn, if you keep surviving these real stunts, maybe maybe Scientology Israel. so as we've been doing with these franchise recaps, we're gonna break down all five films leading up to number six, which I highly recommend checking out an IMAX, not not just because of the stunts, but so you can capture every single detail off this beautiful, non CGI mustache. and it's that sweet connection that makes me proud to be working with Dollar Shave Club on this specific video recap. you know, we all know Henry had to keep his beautiful stache for the filming of last year's greatest blockbuster. but that didn't mean he couldn't use a bunch of other dollar shave club products. even me, I may be a cartoon but you can't get this silky, smooth, clear complexion with random CGI. it takes work and fallowe Shave Club has this daily, essential starter set that makes it easy even if you're a newbie who's never taking a shower for five dollars. you don't just support our cartoonish lifestyle. but if you're a new member, they're gonna give you this trial pack that includes their executive razor with a full cartridge. their silky smooth shave butter that's so soft I've bathed in it. Body Wash is gonna keep you fresh. but what I consider to be the best one of all of them is their one wipe Charlie butt wipes. see, if someone took a Dookie on your kitchen table, you're not just gonna clean that up with a bounty picker-upper and call it a day. you'd be a savage. so why are you doing that to your booty? toilet papers been cool for the longest time, right? but I'm being 100% serious when I say that the one wipe Charlies will literally change the game for you. yeah, a bunch of other products that I don't even know that they were making, but specifically, it's that five-buck thing for the newcomers, the starter set with the cartridge replacements that they easily continued to send you monthly for just a few bucks. so if you care for your booty, you want to support LME. and you want to join the Dollar Shave Club to look as dashing as henry cavill, click the link down below, at dollarshaveclub.com. slash ellamy, and i swear you'll be tweeting at me when those Charlie wipes change your life, or when you witness the second greatest mustache in cinema history. let me explain. so in the first Ethan Hunt and his team are out on a mission where he's dressed like Daniel day-lewis and phantom thread. and this man is so set on getting the job done that even when his bow tells him that he needs to abort the mission, the boy goes, impossible. I spell that I'm possible. and he books. I [Music] actually had no idea that it mean do Estevez was in this franchise, and I was, I was wondering why it was, oh, oh, he's dead. pretty much his whole team dies because he didn't listen. jon voight dies. Kristin Scott Thomas died so she can go get nominated for Oscar. but then the big twist that we get is at that entire mission where his team guys was actually a setup by Ethan's own superiors because they were scoping out a molt. homie is so peeved he throws a piece of the explosive gum and becomes a rogue agent. Howard fails to shoot. I've come. now Ethan's on the hunt, using his high tech i9, typing in the words internet access in order to find out who the actual mole is and try to redeem his team. turns out that his partner, Lana Rhodes over here, didn't actually die during the mission. so the both of them come together. they see got some professionals in order to help them get the data they need. we had a couple of Zack &amp; Cody vent scenes. and then, of course, the most iconic scene from this movie. Tom's trying to do what every 90s anti pirating DVD told you not to do. but right before he gets the list, freaking Master Splinter comes out of nowhere in the vents, and Leon unprofessionally drops him disclose. by the end, it turns out that jon voight also wasn't dead, and he was actually the mole the whole time. even worse, khaleesi 2.0 is actually his girl, who was trying to trick Ethan. Vanessa, see you. [Music] coming up on this episode of cheaters. but besides this ugly black panther train sequence, which the new Tom Cruise would have performed for real, it turns out that the mission was possible. and the second one, there's this dude pulling at Dark Knight Rises. or Dark Knight Rises was inspired by this one, since, you know, they kind of did show the intro to Dark Knight Rises before mi4. but it's that bad guy who's using the face mask. this guy says, Ethan Hunt so he can crash a plank. no one cared who I was till I put on the mouse. didn't get one of the first stunts that caused all of Cruz's producers to get a heart attack, rock climbing. I love how they even built them a set to do it. and Tom Cruise was like, now put me out there in the desert and they're like, Tom, Tom. this is just like the intro scene for us real fans. we do get to veterans in this one. there's Maeve, who's like a cat woman, like thief, but she actually really believes she has nine lives. they raise so hard Ethan has to put a seatbelt on because they almost died. like, just get a cup of coffee, you crazies. Hopkins then ask Ethan to you standing you in as bait to catch the bad guy, since she's the bad guys X but since sandy already took time off for a cruise, they both kind of got a thing for each other. and things get a little weird bad guy. and this one wants to pull the plot from Inferno, or again, maybe these movies were ahead of their time. he wants to take this virus and wipe out a percentage of the population. and he gets so close, because he clearly read the script. and you everything Ethan was gonna do, he'll undoubtedly engage with some robotic insanity before he'll risk harming a hair on a security guards head. he knows. and so well, he wasn't even making fun of Ethan Hunt. and a certain point he was making fun of Tom Cruise, running like an idiot every 15 minutes. but then you know he's gonna die, because he he said, this life the grip on the next cruise destroys all the viruses, except for the one that dandy injects in herself. which makes her worth millions. ironically, they kidnap her, Ethan goes after her, but then Ethan gets beat up and he dies. just kidding, is the whole mass thing. there's this crazy bike singing that we get, I'll fight on the beach. and then, and this happens, by the end of it, dandy gets the antivirus that cures her, and they both walk away into the sunset. as I realize that this mission, again, was possible after the first movie had director De Palma with his wild zoom in the second one, at John woos Prince Lake obsession for doves. you know, JJ's gonna sneak in some lens flares when he got to do the third one. Ethan, at this point, is retired, and he's throwing a party in his new home with his wife, Michelle Monaghan, brother-in-law, Aaron Paul. and then he gets this call, we'd like to offer you an all-expense-paid trip to Mexico. oh, so that's what those calls are supposed to be. obviously. Ethan is brought back into the business because his protege ended up getting kidnapped and she dies. and now he has to go find Philip Seymour Hoffman. while he physically reminds us life short, he also had a great fall. now, I got to give a shout-out to Ethan's main crew, right? Luther and Benji, you have been there since, like, the beginning. they're the, oh, geez. they're practically there in every movie, just like those damn 3d masks. I'll be honest, right? I may be 2d, but every time they do one of those mass reveals, my drawn eyes roll all the way to the back of my head. like I personally think that they're cop out sometimes. but I won't lie that they actually have a bit in here where they show you how they're created. and it's kind of cool. it starts out looking like Jack Black playing Trump at first, but it turns out okay. in my opinion, the best action sequence in this movie is the highway. soon. it's almost as good as the bad boys to scene, mainly because of this super iconic shots. my man straight out pulled out his back. probably fix his scoliosis if he had it. chiropractors everywhere watch this scene like Neil deGrasse Tyson watching interstellar with goose bumps on her goosebumps. I love it. anyways, Philip Seymour Hoffman is the bad guy looking for the MacGuffin known as the rabbit's foot. so he kidnaps Ethan's wife and straight up shoots her. then it turns out it's not even his wife. dr. Manhattan over here is actually a mole who's working for the agency. it guy just replaced her with an intern, put a mask on her because the intern was like light or something. Ethan learns everything that's going on, and he realizes he still has time to go save his wife and the world, and makes a run for it, a really, really, really long run for it. Ethan finds his wife, teaches her to shoot the bad guys before he has to electrocute his brain because they put an explosive in his head. I personally think this is some Scientology ritual he put in the script because he was getting a little too busy. but then Ethan starts fighting the master, and I swear it, through the power of love, his wife transfers him some strength. and then, oh my goodness, he beats him up like this. they saved the day. grin away, and again, the mission was possible. mi4 is when I got really into them. like, they got the director of ratatouille doing an incredible job with this one. this was the movie that had Sawyer in it for like five seconds, and had that super dope hallway Harry Potter cloaking scene where they were trying to sneak in. and yet, somehow, out of all the gadgets they've ever used in this franchise, this close changing one actually had me pulling an Owen Wilson. and this one, they're trying to stop a missile from getting fire to San Francisco. so they get Paula Patton, who was Sawyer's partner, to help Jeremy Renner, who's helping out because he feels guilty for Ethan's wife dying. she and I, y'all know, she's just hiding in his safe but this is also the movie with the dupe. I seen the one where this man went outside of the tallest building in the world and ro2 to himself around the sides of it. the entire sequence is insane. they end up going to a party where they have to get the launch device. and look, I don't make fun of Renner all the time, right? because he's Hawkeye. but they have Renner playing a magnet in this movie, so he can stop a fan. and yeah, he still did more than Hawkeye in the end time. has a whole fight scene in a parking lot where he tests this five star safety rating to get down low. and then he belts out mission in Mission Impossible five. Tom Cruise's 52 years old, and I'm pretty sure it was his idea to create an intro where he can just hang out of the side of the plane, just cuz he wanted some fresh air. ol point of rogue nation is that they become the rogue ones that are trying to take down the syndicate, who's like even more undercover agents who don't want to play by the rules, like a Suicide Squad, but with more training, without the Oscar Ethan kills. the second-in-command, known as the bone doctor, gasses up Solomon Lane, who's a leader, in order to Baron, Zemo him and lock him up. and I hits it off with Ilsa, who's an undercover mi6 agent, played by Rebecca Ferguson. a magnificent creation of grandeur. this mission was possible, and they restored the IMF. so finally, for now we got mi6. this movie has some wild scenes that deserve its own video, but in case you want to know the gist of it, I'm a cover everything in this one, just like I said. so that's the spoiler warning that's been right there. in case you want to go see it, definitely go watch it, because he completely loses his mind in this one. so there's this plutonium that's being kept in these Nespresso pods, that he needs to get to. but the only way to get them is by freeing the dude he just caught in the last movie. and just like Star Wars replaces Death Star's with bigger Death Star's, the IMF goes from fighting secret agents, it's a even secret er agents. CIA is also out trying to give them trouble, because they think the IMF just shops for their supplies at Party City, since they're always wearing a mask. and Henry Cavill is the CIA agent who's literally just there to give Ethan hell. and it turns out he's also the one leading the apostles and is the bad guy, not Superman. now, you know that with Ethan all of the missions are possible, right? this man will climb up a helicopter, he'll jump off a plane, he'll break his ankle and get back to filming in no time. because no matter what this dudes practically playing Kim Possible - the banana Club pants. and he'll be doing this till the day he dies. insane stunts. yeah, they'll be throwing me out of their planes in my wheelchair at that point. so whatever it takes, we'll keep going. thank you guys for checking out this video. a much longer recap video, because there is a lot to watch. man, I picked up the thing I Best Buy. I just binge them all, writing notes, trying to create this video for you guys. hopefully was a good recap for you. again. shout out to Dollar Shave Club for helping out in this video, for sponsoring it. thank you guys for, you know, supporting these videos. just completely terms of this franchise, I personally love the fourth one the most. the force on the first. I think the first one also stands up still to this day. second is the weirdest one, best stunts. it clearly is that sky one. like I said, I got to make a whole nother video just because of the stunts, and that wants to look out for that. but thank you again for watching. definitely click on the link down below if you want to get that starter kit from the Dollar Shave Club. if you can't, no worries. just don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. and ow done. did 