listen, everyone kept saying that this was like a Netflix version of big hero 6. and some people were excited for it. other people's were looking down on it. but this, to me, is the biggest Apple parody I've ever seen. let me explain. so this movie takes place in the very distant future where we make it an annual tradition to upgrade our tech. and we even wait in long lines after attending launch events as we start to recreate the simple things we used to add before. I'm telling you, you'd have to be blind to not see how this dude is clearly supposed to be Steve Jobs with a man bun, running the presentations, while poor Steve Wozniak is in the back, slaving away in this tech. dude has groupies, for crying out loud. they're all I splooshing all over him, even though he's just selling him the same thing he has been. everything I have ever done has led up to this moment, to this wonder of technology. bra, this is model 6. you can say the same thing next year. meanwhile, you got the main character in this movie, right, who hates technology because you just can't escape it. but even worse than that is the fact that her mom is addicted to technology, and so she never has a relationship with her. like, imagine all the babies right now who weren't raised like a lot of us were, you know, right out of the womb to get an iPad. so how are they gonna survive as adults? I told you all in an upcoming video that that's gonna be the biggest threat technology and our secrets. just you watch. anyways, my sue unlocks the next-gen robot, who just so happens to have weapons for some reason. but considering that her bullies are always using their robots against her, she decides to pull up on them with the six. obviously, IQ is gonna want their prototype back, so evil Steve decisive Sun himself to get the job done. and so they end up having a really cool one take in the house. they reenact a football scene from The Dark Knight that reveals scene from cocoa where he explains his master plan. unknowingly, also happens. and they just take the Terminator design. as it turns out that I Steve is AI robots. all of the cue BOTS are blowing up faster than Galaxy phones. since his plan was to take over the world with the tech that they were buying. and that's to get all mr. Jones here. but brothel wanted to that would be the easiest takeover ever. next gen tries to fight them off. but since he deleted most of the weapons that he had, because he wanted to make room for the memories that he had with the girl, my he not has to pick which ones to keep. and in order to save them, he races them all boys, got his weapon back and saves the day. but at the end of it, for what? my man is now back to his factory settings. and I'm over here on my couch, thinking I was just gonna watch a simple enough flicks movie. I'm contemplating which memories I would keep if I had to choose. like my already looks like joy from inside out was taken over by sadness. but the fact that mais mom used to tech to drown out the memory of her husband, and now my's memories are gone from her best friend, who was a robot. damn you, Netflix for those parallels. by the end of it, Apple, how is takin down, the mother-daughter relationship is fixed, and everyone learns their lesson, to not buy into the newest product. Who am I kidding it? I'm editing all these videos on a new Mac. thank you guys for checking out this video. I may upload one more today, just because a bunch of you guys that give me these recommendations, and I want to make sure I hit all these recommendations right, even if it means double or triple or, I don't know how many uploads a day. this was a pretty good movie. I'm not gonna lie. I thought the animation was pretty good. and I love that it's a Chinese Canadian cartoon, because it's so good to see that they're giving us the representation that we need for us cartoons, other than an occasional your thoughts as the movie posed, what memories would you keep if you had to erase them? don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you an iPhone. XLS LMNOP plus 