[Music], hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1994 drama, The Shawshank Redemption. so let's get started. the film opens in 1947 with Andy Dufresne being convicted of murdering his wife and her lover. now serving two life sentences at Shawshank State Penitentiary. there he befriends red, another inmate serving a life sentence, who procures a rock hammer and a poster for Andy. during his time working the laundry shift, Andy is frequently sexually assaulted by a group of inmates, led by a man named Boggs. and he overhears Hadley, a guard, talking about tax issues in Andy helps him. after Andy is nearly killed from an assault from Boggs and his crew, the guard Hadley beats in cripples Boggs, and Andy has not attacked again. warden Norton meets with Andy Andrea signs him to the prison library to assist an elderly inmate named Brooks. and he begins doing the taxes for all the prison staff including the warden. Brooks is paroled, but after serving 50 years in prisons, he can't adjust, so he hangs himself. later, warden Norton begins exploiting the prisoners for cheap labor and uses Andy to launder the money. a new inmate, Tommy, comes in in 1965, who Andy and red befriend. Tommy reveals that his cellmate at another prison claimed responsibility for the murders that Andy was convicted for. Andy brings this information to warden Norton, who does not want to help. and when Andy brings up the money laundering, Andy is put into solitary confinement. warden Norton has the guard Hadley kill Tommy under the guise of an escape attempt. warden Norton threatens Andy further, wanting him to continue the money-laundering. and he begins to tell his friend read about a town in Mexico that he wants to live in, as well as a specific Hayfield, saying that there is a package there for him. bread begins to worry for Andy, as he recently requested some rope. the next day, Andy cell is empty. the warden discovers that behind a poster in Andy's room, Andy's been digging a tunnel for nineteen years, and he used the rope to escape and took with him the proof of the money laundering. Andy is able to collect the money that was laundered using an alias, and sends proof of the laundering and the corruption and murders to a local newspaper. police arrived at Shawshank and arrests the guard Headley, while warden Norton takes his own life. Redd is finally paroled and struggles to adapt with life outside of prison. he visits the Hayfield Andy mentioned and finds a package with money and a letter asking red to join him in Mexico. red and Andy reunite as the film ends. so that was the spoilers for the Shawshank Redemption. if you have another film you like to see a spoil please let us know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 