In a windowless cell, a woman looks up the vent and whistles. Shortly after that, a stream of marbles flee out. They build up a pyramid outside the cell and blast it open. The woman seems to pleased with the result. She then breaks out from the prison. What happens next? This is Movie Shortens. Follow us through a movie titled: Aeon Flux. Be aware: There are spoilers. Now, let\xe2\x80\x99s begin! Aeon Flux lives in the year 2415, centuries after the plague that killed 90% of humanity in 2011. Only five million people survive in a utopian city called Bregna, led by Trevor. Each one is a clone from DNA that has been recycled for generations. In the Trevor dynasty, people disappear never to be seen again with no explanations. The Monicans is founded as a secret rebel organisation and Aeon is one of their warriors.  The Monicans communicate by a telepathy device in the shape of a pill. Their leader is Handler. Aeon is given a mission to destroy one of Trevor\xe2\x80\x99s surveillance stations. At night, Aeon quickly defeats the guards one by one. She enters the control center pool where she finds most of the citizen\xe2\x80\x99s daily activities are monitored, even the conversation between her and the sister, Una earlier. Aeon drops a device that will blind the Trevor's observation. Then Aeon goes back up the rope and gets out of there. Meanwhile, Una is preparing dinner for Aeon. As she hears a knock on the door, a gun points and someone triggers it. On the way home, Aeon learns that the government has killed Una, thinking her as a Monican. Una\xe2\x80\x99s husband, Claudius, is also arrested. Aeon becomes more and more angry at the Bregna\xe2\x80\x99s government.  One year later, Aeon receives a call from Handler. She tells Aeon that \xe2\x80\x8b\xe2\x80\x8bit is the right time for the elimination of Trevor Goodchild, who Aeon blames for her sister's death. Handler implants a map on Aeon\xe2\x80\x99s arm, showing her the way to find and kill Trevor at the government zone called Citadel. A moment later, Sithandra, who has two hands where her feet would be, appears to join Aeon in the mission. At the frontier garden, Aeon and Sith rapidly avoid the poisonous plant weapons. On the next challenge, Sith gets hurt in her hands due to the sharp grass. Aeon manages to avoid it with help from Sith. Aeon enters the zone by the air ventilator door while Sith watches outside. Aeon then activates the map and throws something against the wall when she\xe2\x80\x99s in the pipe. Meanwhile, Trevor and his brother Oren are in a tense meeting with other Bregna\xe2\x80\x99s heads. Oren shouts at a guy named Giroux, and Trevor has to calm him down. Later, the two brothers meet again outside. Trevor tells Oren that he has to stay level-headed. Oren reluctantly agrees to do so.  Back with Aeon, she moves to the theatre where Trevor is currently working on his speech. She appears and holds her gun on him. Trevor stares at her for a moment and then asks, "Catherine? It\xe2\x80\x99s you!". Before things can progress, she gets knocked out.   When Aeon wakes up, she finds herself in a while cell. One of the walls becomes transparent, Trevor appears. Aeon asks why Trevor called her that name. Trevor just says he\xe2\x80\x99ll not let her go and leaves after that. Aeon recalls some random memories when Trevor seems very close to, but still she couldn\xe2\x80\x99t define what it is. A moment later, some water and food are served in the cell. Aeon tilts her head back, revealing a black eye that can inspect objects. She notices something in the water and decides to take a little of it to exam later. She then whistles into the vent above her, causing the items she was throwing down earlier to flee. Outside her cell, the marbles build a pyramid and blast it open. Aeon escapes out of the cell and decides to carry on the mission differently. Sith calls her and confronts why Trevor is still alive. Handler is displeased at the mission. Aeon tells Sith that there is something more about Trevor and she\xe2\x80\x99ll find out in the meantime.  Meanwhile, Oren and a woman review Aeon\xe2\x80\x99s breakout earlier. It turns out Oren has a connection to the Monicans. He secretly used the Monicans to get rid of his brother so he could take control over the dynasty. However, the two can\xe2\x80\x99t understand why Aeon let him live.  Somewhere else, Aeon meets Claudius again. She asked him why he worked for his girlfriend's killer. Claudius reveals that Trevor is actually working on a project to help people in Bregna. Although he hates the fact that Una got killed due to Aeon, he still helps her to examine the water from the cell. Claudius tells her she has a message and only by drinking it she\xe2\x80\x99ll know. After drinking it, Aeon realizes it\xe2\x80\x99s Trevor and he wants her to come back. Somehow, the water shows her the way to Trevor\xe2\x80\x99s quarters. He tells her that there is a connection between the two of them, and that they knew each other before. In a moment of weakness, the two kiss and it leads to a longer passionate night. The following day, Aeon gets up in Trevor\xe2\x80\x99s bed. She quickly gets dressed up and notices his ring on the floor. As she picks it up, a staircase in the floor opens. Aeon goes down and finds herself in Trevor's secret library. There are pictures of his ancestors over generations. When she touches one of the starfish-shaped objects, it moves and wraps itself around her. Next, she finds herself in a lab. She checks around and sees a picture of her with long hair. Suddenly, Aeon encounters Freya, one of Trevor\xe2\x80\x99s chief security guards. The two fight, and Aeon manages to escape from a door before Freya shoots needles at her. Freya rushes to inform Trevor that she tried to kill Aeon but failed, Trevor seems pissed at her.  Elsewhere, Oren and other heads watch Aeon and Trevor have fun and decide Trevor is a betrayal. Oren becomes the new chairman. His very first order is to kill and eliminate Trevor and Aeon.  At night, Sith shows up and confronts Aeon for failing their mission. Sith considers Aeon\xe2\x80\x99s action against the Monicans. Aeon tells Sith that they must be wrong about Trevor and the organization is hiding something. Sith seems to reluctantly disagree but later she fights with Aeon. Aeon eventually wins. Sith is tied up and Aeon leaves her under a pool with a breathing straw. Sith manages to inform Handler that Aeon betrayed the Monicans. The new mission is to find and eliminate Aeon. After that, Aeon finds the way to approach the floating Ralical, an airship that stores all the DNA samples. She gets to meet Keeper, a hologram older man. He welcomes her back and leaves after. Aeon looks for Una on the system and learns that Una has successfully been reborn as Sasha Pirillo. Aeon asks the address of Sasha then. Later, Keeper also lets Trevor know where Aeon heads to. He learns that Oren commanded to kill Una.  At that time, Aeon finds Sasha and realizes the baby has Una\xe2\x80\x99s eyes. Trevor suddenly appears behind her and explains that his ongoing experiments were attempts to reverse the infertility. Una is a part of the test in search of the cure. After examining her, Una became one of Trevor's most successful experiments as she is naturally pregnant with no scientific help. However, Oren ordered to kill her as he believes the natural fertility would be a danger to the dynasty. Oren wants to be immortal and maintains the power in Bregna. Elsewhere, Cladius gets killed by Oren for helping Aeon. He never regrets for being a part of Trevor\xe2\x80\x99s experiment and for the future of humankind. Back to Aeon, she gives Sasha back to her parents. A bombing device is dropped from the ceiling and explodes the house. Then a group of Bregna forces attack the two of them. As Trevor gets shot, Aeon rushes in to back up him. They eventually flee into a subway. However, the guards open fire into their car which injures a lot of people inside. A moment later, the train is forced to stop. The two immediately break out.  Inside a secret pipe, Aeon helps Trevor to take the bullets out. Then she puts some skin patches on him to help them heal. They understand that there is nowhere safe now in Bregna. Trevor tells her that they need to get to his lab and find the notes for Una's test group. That would be the set with a cure inside. They return to the labs and sneak into a security room at the top of a tower. Trevor uses his influence to persuade the commander of the guards. Trevor and Aeon make it to "borrow" some weapons. On the way, Aeon asks Trevor the truth about her and the photo in the lab. Trevor reveals Aeon used to be his wife Katherine. He still keeps her in memory over the clone generations. As entering the lab, Trevor realizes his lad was burnt down. All the notes were destroyed and Freya got killed. Trevor tells Aeon to leave this kingdom and get out of the wall. They probably find the chance to live out there. However, Aeon decides to get rid of the Radical. She aims to finish the recycled DNA in Bregna. To Aeon, it's maybe better without a cure, and people are meant to die. Right at that time, Oren storms in with his armed force. In other directions, Sith and her team decide to snipe at Aeon and Trevor. While Trevor and Oren are talking, Aeon can spot Sith from a distance. She attempts to contact Sith and tell her the truth of everything. Sith is convinced and changes her mind. She shoots at Oren instead, and orders her team to cover Trevor and Aeon. The two take this chance to escape from the security. However, Trevor gets shot. Aeon tries to steal the weapons from the guards. Meanwhile, some of Sith\xe2\x80\x99s buddies get killed while trying to help Aeon. Sith and Aeon both open fire at the remaining guards around. Unfortunately, Oren fires his weapon to Sith, blowing her off the tower. Next, Oren targets Aeon, but Trevor pushes him away. The new chairman ends up getting killed by Aeon. Trevor retrieves his dynasty. Meanwhile, Aeon has one last mission to do. She sets the bombs and finally destroys the Radical. The airship hits the wall, revealing the whole outside world after centuries. Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to turn on your notification. That really helps my channel. Thanks for watching! 