welcome back to movietella. first of all, thank you for your continued support. your support is the reason i keep making movie recap videos. spoiler alert, movie plot and twists will be revealed, so you may want to go see the movie first. this time i'm gonna treat you to a 1995 science fiction film called 12 monkeys, starring bruce willis a deadly virus released in 1996 wipes out almost all of humanity, forcing survivors to live underground. a group known as the army of the 12 monkeys is believed to have released the virus. in 2035, james cole is a prisoner living in an underground compound beneath philadelphia coal is selected to be sent back in time to find the original virus to help scientists develop a cure. meanwhile, cole is troubled by dreams involving a foot chase and shooting at an airport. cole arrives in baltimore 1990, not 1996, as planned. he is arrested and incarcerated at a mental hospital on the diagnosis of dr catherine raley. there he encounters jeffrey goins, a mental patient with environmentalist and anti-corporatist views cole is interviewed by a panel of doctors where he tries to explain that the virus outbreak has already happened. after an escape attempt, cole is sedated and locked in a cell, but he disappears, waking up back in 2035. cole is interrogated by the scientists, who play a distorted voicemail message that asserts the association of the army of the twelve monkeys with the virus. he has also shown photos of numerous people suspected of being involved, including goins. the scientists offer cole another chance to complete his mission and send him back in time. cole accidentally arrives at a battlefield during world war one, is shot in the leg and then transported to 1996. in 1996, rayleigh gives a lecture about the cassandra complex to a group of scientists. at the post-lecture book signing, rayleigh meets dr peters, who tells her that apocalypse alarmists represent the same vision, while humanity's gradual destruction of the environment is the real lunacy. cole arrives at the venue after seeing flyers publicizing it. and when rayleigh departs, he kidnaps her and forces her to take him to philadelphia. they learn that goings is the founder of the army of the twelve monkeys before they set out in search of him. when they confront goins, he denies any involvement with the group and says that in 1990, cole originated the idea of wiping out humanity with a virus stolen from going's virologist father. cole is transported back to 2035, where he reaffirms to the scientists his commitment to his mission. but when he finds rayleigh again in 1996, he tells her he now believes himself crazy, as she had suggested. meanwhile, rayleigh has discovered evidence of his time travel, which she shows him. believing he is sane, they decide to depart for the florida keys before the onset of the plague. they learn that the army of the twelve monkeys was not the source of the epidemic. the group's major act of protest is releasing animals from a zoo and placing goyne's father in an animal cage at the airport. cole leaves a message telling the scientists that following the army of the 12 monkeys is the wrong track, and he will not return. cole is confronted by jose his cellmate from his own time, who gives cole a handgun and instructs him to follow orders. rayleigh spots dr peters and recognizes him from a newspaper as an assistant of going's father. peters is about to embark on a tour of several cities that match the locations of the viral outbreaks. cole forces his way through a security checkpoint in pursuit of peter's after drawing the gun he was given, coal is shot by police. as cole lies dying in raley's arms, rayleigh suddenly begins to scan the crowd around her. rayleigh finally makes eye contact with a small boy, the young james cole, witnessing the scene of his own death, which will replay in his dreams for years to come. peters aboard the plane with the virus, sits down next to jones, one of the scientists from the future, who comments that her job is insurance. a young cole watches the plane take off from the ground. if you enjoyed this video, help me grow my channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 