the call 2020. this is an evil woman. she knows that she can change the past. so she saved the life of our main characters live, but then kills him in front of her. and why does she do that? just because the girl didn't answer the phone? this has been a super hot movie recently. the call. our main character, zion, she comes back to her childhood's house to find comfort. but on the very first arriving day, she receives strange calls from a distressed woman who says she's being tortured by her mother. one day, when she's investigating the house, coeum discovers a mysterious room in which there is a diary of oh young suk. she figures out that oh young sook is the woman on the phone and is living in the same house, written in 1999. suddenly the phone rings. the woman yells at the phone, begging for help, that her mother is going to burn her. jungsook is being pulled by her mother. she carries a torch and hits youngsook violently. when sheoian looks into that town hall room, the stair suddenly burns. the next day, sioian receives the call from jungsuk again. she tells her about the mysterious thing, that they're living in the same house, but in different time. they start to communicate through phone and exchange information about their lives. youngsook is orphaned and lives with her adoptive mother, who is a shaman. while sioian lost her father in the fire that she blames her mother for. one day, the family comes to youngsuk house to discuss about buying it, and that is ceoian's family. young sok is surprised when she knows the girl is little sea oil, and calls the matured sioian to tell her. sioya then bursts into tears. actually, in 1999, her family was at home. her mother forgot to turn off the gas before going out, which made her father died. also left a scar on her leg. young suit comes up with an idea that she can save sioian's father alive. on the day the accident occurs, young soon come to see oyen's house. she sees the burning kitchen and saves them. the future is changed. the house is it self-rearranging. zion's scar is disappearing. and suddenly she hears her father's voice. her life is totally back as the old days. young sook, however, is punished by her mother and becomes resentful that cion's life is improved while hers is the same. young sook is being tortured by her shaman mother. she acting like trying to expel the evil inside young silk. sioen tries to find ways to save yang suk. she searches on the internet and finds out that on that day in 1999, her mother killed her. she tells young sook. young sook then kills the mother, but warns sioyan that they just had a little fight. now freed, young sook becomes a serial killer. she kills the strawberry farms owner as he finds out the mother's body inside the fridge. sioi and realizes what's happened when young sook's victims disappear. in the present day, during a phone call, sioian confronts yongsuk, but inadvertently reveals to her that she'll be arrested. in 1999, young sook is visited by an eight-year-old siroian and her father, who have come to the house to close their purchase of it. young sook kills sioian's father and takes young sioi and captive. in 2019, siorian's reality changes again. her father is dead in a house in even worse condition. young sook calls sioion and tells her to find out how she'll be arrested. sioian searches for false information in order to kill young hook. at that time, when zion thinks that she's safe, now the phone rings again. it turns out that sioian's plan didn't success. young soup threatens to kill little ceoian and gives her one hour to find the true information. sioian breaks into the local police station for the notebook used in 1999. young sook reveals that on the day of accident, it was sioian who turned on the gas, not her mother, then lied about her mother's responsibility and that they're the same. sioian gives young suk the correct info, and reality changes again. the house is now owned by an older young sook, who has continued and stopped as a serial killer. the content of the notebook changes as well, with a note that he uni came to the house with a police officer and made a call on the cordless phone. ceon waits in the house for the call and uses it to warn her mother. in 1999, young soo kills the police officer and chase euni. in 2019, older young sook reveals herself and similarly chases sioian. her mother uses the phone again and ceo and picks up and encourages her to fight. they too go into a fierce fight. e uni seemingly sacrifices herself to kill yongsuk. and 2019 changes with the house becoming derelict and old young sook disappearing. sioen leaves the house and is emotionally reunited with euni, who is alive and well, albeit with scars. if you think that it's the end, then you're all wrong. take a deeper look into the ending scene, you'll see that the mother is disappearing next to ceon. in a mid-credits scene, older young sook uses the phone to call a younger counterpart and warn her about a uni under police officer, allowing her to change her own history and erasing euni from coa inside. at the end, the scene cuts to the torture room, while a person covered in white cloth is tied to a chair, screaming for help. the cloth is removed, revealing a frightened syrian whom will most likely meet her demise. by yongsuk 