welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna round out the melt horror sub genre with the exploitation film body melt. if you find eating healthy to be equivalent to losing all your skin, you may consider subscribing to the channel. let's get to it. we open on a commercial for vimeoville, promising nourishment and sensational pleasure through vitamin therapy. the company also offers a leisure center for rejuvenation. at this center, we see the ceo, shawn, and ryan getting themselves revitalized, which is an oily process. turns out ryan is the head chemist and is suspected of trying to expose their dark secrets. the injection is to ensure he never does. although it'll take some time to take hold. and in the meantime, they intend to just let him run wild. i guess his intent is to go to their human testing ground, pebble court in holmesville and muck things up. unfortunately, despite ripping down the road, he's not able to get there before his neck starts splitting open. and he makes it to the cul-de-sac just in time to eject himself through the windscreen, where we see his glands, giving a little how do before subsiding. the detective arrives and they find evidence of his chemical influence, as his recording identifies the first stage of overdose to be hallucinations. this is consistent with paul's experience as a certified vitamin head. he goes to the airport where he may be hallucinating, or he may just be in australia. we're not sure yet, although the evidence does become stronger as time goes on. meanwhile, his neighbors, geno and sal, are driving out to the health farm, preparing to relax, make a couple deposits to the old sperm bank and get paid. however, they're forced to pull into a rural body shop for a replacement windscreen. pud, the proprietor offers to fix up their car while they enjoy some brekkies. and before long, they find themselves engaging in rural fun, which apparently involves stoning a kangaroo and eating its adrenal gland and celebrating with some donuts. except sal. sal's been picking up on some strong vibes and decides to pursue this opportunity. meanwhile, we see the detectives are heading out to the health farm, tracking down a lead based on evidence found in the car elsewhere. gina was invited into the inner sanctum of the house, where we see evidence that pud was involved with vimeville in the early days. and sal is outside, learning about the thin line between pleasure and pain. alerted by his screams, gino makes a run for it, but finds the truck is actually set up for donuts only, no straight line driving. meanwhile, the cops begin their questioning of sean, who plays dumb, claiming to not know ryan and have no knowledge of pebble court. she's a simple vitamin pusher concerned only with people's general health and well-being. the next day, we see paul back at it, dosing up and staring into the mailbox of his soul. through this journey of self-discovery, he remembers that his hallucinations spent some time last night gently coaxing out one of his ribs for her collection. before finding closure on this, we had transitioned to the new neighbors, cheryl and brian, being told to call the police if paul ever shows up so they can question him. cheryl then goes in for a checkup with her psycho doctor, babies are the ultimate parasite, who is a part of the r d branch of vimeoville. he recommends a slowdown of the testing, but sean is reluctant to slow up when they're so close. dr carrera then gets a call from an old friend, inducing a bout of nostalgia and confirming that connection. cheryl then meets the nobles off to a holiday at the health farm, and then continues unpacking. however, she overexerts herself and experiences a disturbance that prompts her to call in dr herrera for an assist. before he arrives, brian comes home and stops her in a moment of desperation, a decision he immediately regrets as his spawn springs forth and forces its way down his gullet. with the police now asking questions and the walls closing in, the doctor decides to go scorched earth and save them all emission impossibles. his way into paul's house, but finds his two latest paul's face is already blooming. meanwhile, the nobles arrive at the health farm, where they find all their needs attended to. and while the squares hit the universal machines. brandon gets his exercise by shredding on satan's half pipe, despite his obvious mastery of the sport, helmets are always advisable. in the evening, his parents assume he's just camping out, as he helplessly suffers and dies. the detectives arrive at paul's house the next day and find evidence he wasn't alone, in that he's holding a stranger's ear, and there's a vial nearby with dr carrera's name on it. john's test group is now down to just the noble family, but their urine is looking impeccable. unfortunately, her excited message is left in the care of the detectives, now finding a solid connection between her, dr carrera and pebble court. in celebration of cracking the case wide open, detective phillips orders them a chopper so they can zoom over to the health farm in style. while this happens, we see the doctor visiting his old partner. and it turns out pud knew the serum was only half done and required a stabilizing element to avoid catastrophic breakdown. and then he gives it to him back at the clinic. sean seems to think more pills is the answer to her pill problem, and mrs noble walks in to find tom in the bathroom molting. they run for help to find shawno unable to take their complaints and demonstrating that really, this whole fiasco is a self-correcting problem if they're all taking the pills. dr carrera arrives on scene first, and is too busy gloating over sean's remains to notice the police. when he does, he takes his own life. and then the authorities worked tirelessly to shut down the company. the movie then ends after tying up one loose end, as brian melts in the detective's office, which they treat like an emergency, but is really just a waiting game. and then we see that their attempts at a recall were not quite thorough enough. body melt follows in the fine tradition of going for the grimy gold when exploring matters of melting bodies. i'd still put it a little bit behind street trash, but feel it's an incredibly strong entry into such a small and specific sub genre. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 