welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and this episode were breaking down some of the best Easter eggs and Captain Marvel. the movie was the first female solo film in the entire franchise. and no, it doesn't feature any of the other major Marvel movie heroes, beyond a select few. there's still a lot of things and tying to the overall universe that you only notice after several watches. throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down the movie's best Easter eggs, the tiny hints inner that symbolized what direction the character is heading towards, and just some cool things that you might have missed. there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, then I highly recommend that you check out now. please subscribe to the channel for a Marvel movie breakdown every week. and don't forget to drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the content. without the way, thank you for clicking this. and let's get into our breakdown of Captain Marvel. okay, so spider-man, far from home, clearly set up the webhead is the next Iron Man. in the wake of his death at the end of Avengers endgame, not only did Peter end up receiving the Edith glasses from the character, he also became allies with happy, got access to his tech, whilst happy got access to his aunt. and I think it's hard to deny that he now holds the position as the next Tony Stark. there was a lot of iconography that carried across to the movie, and overall, you'd have to be trapped in one of Mysterio's illusions not to see it. so we now have the repulsive boots of the metal man filled. but that leaves one big question, who's going to be taking over from Captain America? obviously, Sam Wilson is currently vying for the position. but in the meantime, I do think that Marvel are actually setting up the role as Carol being the leader. and they've already teased this in Captain Marvel. these shots side by side all symbolized the similarities and how things are currently being set up. and it's hard to deny that, with this foreshadowing, Kara is going to be taking the position of cap in the team. even a nickname is cup. not only did they train under similar circumstances, they also done similar clothing in their military uniform when going incognito. and even the design of their suits is very similar. the blue and star symbols are a nice little mirroring of the future and past of the position. I can definitely see this hinting out a lot of things go ahead. so we can take that if Peter is going to be playing the role of the next iron man, then Carol will be his opposite in the team. who knows, we may even get a civil war too that revolves around the pair. these shots aren't the only Captain America Easter eggs either. as when Carol visits, the ball we see hanging up in one of the photo frames is the YB 49. this plane was the basis for the design of the hydroplane that we saw in Captain America. the First Avenger and the sit hammers harm the ties between Carol and the captain. the bar is a tribute to the happy bottom riding club, which was a hangout for pilots in the Mojave Desert. the film The Right Stuff also featured a bar that was paying tribute to it. and when Carol crash lands on earth, we see a pickup of videotape, which is actually the film. the right stuff itself is about test pilots that are sent off on various space missions. and this, of course, mirrors Carol, whose final job at project Pegasus involved a flying experimental aircraft that had the ability to go into space. speaking of project Pegasus, the movie isn't the first time it makes an appearance in the MCU. originally, it popped up in a deleted scene in Iron Man 2, before making a fully fledged appearance at the beginning of the Avengers. we actually see a sign for project Pegasus in the opening of this movie. and the base that Carol visits in the film is the same location that we see destroyed at the start of that movie. Carol also searches who rides a Pegasus in the film, and though not mentioned specifically, this could be a nod to Valkyrie, who, of course, rides one, and thor ragnarok and n gain. the bar also contains a cool little easter egg, and that is the street fighter two cabinet. shoutouts to how did that FAP in on reddit for noticing that if you look at the game you can see m.bison doing his psycho crusher move for a split second. this is very similar to captain Marvel's primary fault, an attack that she does towards the end of the movie where she shines with energy before blasting through something. speaking of Photon, this is also Maria Rambo's callsign on a jet. in the comics, Rambo's daughter actually becomes a hero named Photon. so this is a nice little callback. now, the film is packed with other characters that feature prominently in the MCU. firstly is Agent Coulson, who, of course, stars an agents of shield. agents of shield did use an inhibitor device similar the one that we see on Carol's neck the film, so is possible that they got this idea from her. we also see the heroes in the film using the quad jet, which is actually a precursor to the Quinn jet, which is used both in the MCU and agents of shield. Nick Fury, of course, features prominently in the film, and there's also a really interesting line that he drops at one point in the movie when talking to al Capitan. he tells her that his friends call him fury, and his enemies call him Nick be cast your mind back to Winter Soldier. Alexander Pierce actually calls him Nick instead of fury. and this is a nice little tease, as he does turn out to be the bad guy in that movie. Nick had ignored my direct order and carried out an unauthorized military operation on foreign soil. he saved the lives of a dozen political officers, including my daughter. so you gave him a promotion. I've never had any cause to regret. captain. why was Nick in your apartment last night? Maria Hill also calls fury Nick. and because of this, fans of the arize that she may have been a scroll this entire time. yikes. speaking of reaches its reach time. so in the film, nick tells Carole that he can't eat toast that's being cut diagonally. however, in age of Ultron, we see him doing this, hinting that he may have, in fact, been a scroll, similar to what we saw at the end of far from home, which ties directly into this bone tomb. I always wondered how Nick, I'm sorry, fury, was able to get shot with a high-power rifle in Winter Soldier and survived. however, if he was indeed a scroll, then his resurrection makes more sense. again, it's a bit of a reach, but the other movies and instances of his appearance in the MCU definitely need a second look over. in the wake of far from home, fury said the last time that he trusted someone, he lost an eye. and we see in the film that he tells a goose II trust to him before this happens. also, goose might actually be able to tell when someone is real and someone is simply a scrolling disguise. at one point, when Carolyn Fury meet the cute little cat, sorry, I mean Fleur Caen, it runs to their legs. later in the movie, when talus is disguised as a Greek god, it does the same thing to him, showing that it recognizes him as an eye. and it is possible that Fleur consents through other means instead of just cite some other little cool tidbits in the film, and that when Maria is being chased by Minerva, he takes a shortcut to get ahead. and this is a callback to how Carol would often take shortcuts when the two used to race one another. this is mentioned at the midpoint of the movie when they discuss how Carol cheated in order to win the chance to fly the new plane. and it's nice that it's brought back at the end so that Maria can win for once. another big question is who young raagh actually sees when he looks at the supreme intelligence. though never stated in the film, we did learn from deleted scenes that he saw himself. we do discover that the person you see is the person that you respect the most, and this speaks to the size of his ego. along with yon rug appear other Kree forces, such as Koroth and ronan, who both pop up in guardians of the galaxy. in addition to this, Captain Marvel bills on the style of guardians by using a lot of similar iconography to the film to show how the Galactic Marble adventures will be going. hex points are used in both films to jump across the galaxy, and we see this in Captain Marvel and guardians of the galaxy part 2. the way that the names of planets and locations are displayed are exactly the same in both films, and they contain their coordinates in space. Universal translators are mentioned in the movie. and we actually discovering guardians that this was implanted in each person's neck so that they could understand all aliens. the masks and the way that they go of the characters and guardians is also very similar to how they work in Captain Marvel. and it's nice that this consistency is kept up across all the movies. goose swallows the tesseract in the film, and I think this is a callback to the Avengers, when Bruce asks if fury just wants him to swallow it. the movie doesn't just reference Marvel properties either. and there's actually a nice little Natasha slam in there too. when Carole is selecting her new uniform colors, we can actually see a red and gold one, which are typically the colors associated with the character. in case you don't know, Shazam was initially called Captain Marvel, and DC actually sued for the name. they won the bountiful prize of four million dollars. but since then they've kind of gravitated towards using Shazam instead of Captain Marvel. I actually agree with them on that. Shazam Suns way cooler than Captain Marvel. don't at me, just I am. anyway, that's our list. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the breakdown. and if we missed anything that you think should have made it, comment below and let us know. and make sure you check out our analysis of Spider Man into the spider-verse, which talks about the best Easter eggs in the movie. so one of our greatest videos ever. so I definitely recommend that you check it out. after this. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, and please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you it. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. you only come chat to us after the show. either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to be bless subscribe to the channel, and this month, eco on the Marvel phase 3 port do box. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you subscribe with notifications on. the more video is he coming on, the more of a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved there when it's gonna be chosen at random. and the 15th of June, and the cell be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 