get out is an american horror film written and directed by jordan peele in 2017. in it, racial anxiety is explored through the perspective of a black man. at the beginning of a movie, a man walks in a suburban neighborhood alone at night. he talks to someone on the phone about the place being confusing. as he hangs up, he notices a white car following him. he turns around and walks in the opposite direction. when the car stops, just then, a masked man attacks him and knocks him out. he then drags the man to the car and puts him inside his trunk. chris washington is a black photographer living somewhere in new york. that day he awaits for his girlfriend rose armitage in his apartment. she arrives with coffee and cupcakes for him. chris is packing to leave for rose's parents home this weekend. he asks her if they know about his race, since he is rosa's first black boyfriend. rose says they don't, but assures chris that her parents aren't racist. the two leave for the armitage house in upstate new york. the following day. on their way, their car hits a deer on the road. they call the officials and inform them about the damage. the police officer asked for chris his driver's license, even though he was not the one driving. rose stands up for her boyfriend, which chris thinks is hot. the two finally reach rose's parents estate. they welcome the two wholeheartedly and do not seem to be uncomfortable about chris's race. her father, dean armitage, is a neurosurgeon. he offers to show chris around the place. as they do, dean makes subtle and unsettling comments about black people. this black dude comes along proves them wrong in front of the entire world. amazing, by the way. i i would have voted for obama for a third term if i could. the house's groundskeeper and housekeeper are both black people named walter and georgina. dean acknowledges that it seems a bit cliche, and explains that the two were hired to take care of his sick parents, but after their death, he couldn't let them go. the four of them later have a brunch together. when the topic of chris's smoking addiction comes up, dean suggests he have a hypnotherapy session with his wife, missy, who also happens to be a psychiatrist. he boasts about a technique missy has created that helped him recover from his 15-year addiction of nicotine. chris, however, politely declines. he then tells them that his mother died in a car accident when he was 11. it was a case of hit and run. chris notices the housekeeper, georgina's weird behavior. she acts like she's on autopilot, afraid to say things that might get her in trouble. rose's brother, jeremy armitage, lives at the place and meets chris later. the five of them are having dinner together when jeremy makes chris uncomfortable by asking him if he has done stereotypical black things. he almost hits chris in the name of showing him his karate moves. later that night, rose apologizes to chris on behalf of her family. chris cannot sleep that night, so he puts on his clothes and goes outside. when he is on the lawn, he sees walter running toward him at full speed. he doesn't look away or blink. just when he's about to crash into chris, he swerves, leaving chris distressed. then chris is startled by georgina inside the house, looking at herself in the windows reflection. she too doesn't blink. weirded out by them, he goes inside again. just then missy calls him from her study room and asks him to sit down. then she takes a cup of tea and starts to subtly stir it, making rhythmic noises. because of the noise, chris starts to get hypnotized. missy then asked him about his mother's death and what he was doing when it happened. chris tells her he doesn't feel comfortable talking about it, but as the noise increases, he tells her everything. he says that he was watching tv when his mother died in the accident, and that he still blames himself for her death. as she asks more questions about his mother, chris starts getting teary, but doesn't stop answering. it's as if he's becoming his little self, watching tv at home while his mother dies in the street. he starts scratching the couch he sits on. he cannot move. missy triggers him more by blaming him for his mother's death. then she asks him to sink into the ground. sink into the floor. wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. physically, chris is sitting on the same couch, but mentally, he sinks into it. he reaches a galaxy-like place and levitates in it. his vision appears as a screen to him, far away. he is fully crying. at this point, missy calls the place. he is in the sunken place. she forces his eyes to close, and everything goes blank. chris wakes up on his bed panting and covered in sweat. he thinks that everything he saw was just a dream. later, he goes to take pictures in the nearby woods. when he returns, he sees walter cutting some logs. he approaches and tries talking to him. however, walter overly praises rose and doesn't blink the whole time, making chris uncomfortable. then he apologizes for scaring him last night. he also asked chris how his session with missy went. chris is shocked, knowing that last night was not a dream. he goes back to his room and tells rose about this. he suspects walter has a crush on rose, but she just laughs at the thought. she also apologizes for her mother's intrusiveness. it turns out that chris doesn't want to smoke anymore, so the hypnotism had worked. several cars drive into the armitage's driveway. it's their annual family gathering. we see walter welcome the guests as if they are his own. rose and chris arrive at the gathering too. he meets several old age white people and feels out of place. most of them examine chris's physique and indicate their admiration for black figures such as tiger woods, which further unsettles chris. black is in fashion. he excuses himself to take some pictures. then he comes across another black man named logan king. he approaches him and tells him that his presence makes him feel more comfortable. however, logan seems to act strange too. logan's wife, who seems to be way older than him, approaches him as soon as she sees him talk to chris. when the two separate, chris goes in for a fist bump, but logan tries to shake his hands. chris finds this weird. he then gets away from the gathering and meets a blind man named jim hudson in a nearby sitting area. as it turns out, the man knows chris from his paintings, and has even displayed them in his own art gallery. the two talk about jim being passionate about paintings and photography before going blind. chris is now walking upstairs to rose's room. as he leaves the place, the guests abruptly go silent, as if they were pretending to be talking in front of him. in the room, he sees that someone has unplugged his phone from the charger. he notices georgina in the next room and assumes that it was her. rose arrives at the same time. chris tells her about georgina's doings, but rose dismisses it. chris then calls his friend rod williams and tells him everything that's going on. he also tells him he was hypnotized last night. rod warns him of white people's sex slave fantasy and tells him to get out of there as soon as possible. after the call, georgina enters the room and startles chris. she is there to apologize for mistakingly unplugging his phone. chris tries to tell her that it's okay, but she doesn't stop talking until her story is finished. her smile is unsettling. chris mentions that being black in between so many white people makes him feel uncomfortable. when suddenly, georgina gets teary. she tries to smile while tears run down her eyes. chris is too stunned to say anything. georgina then says that the armitages are very good people who treat her well, and walks out of the room. when chris is back at the gathering, dean introduces him to some more people. one of them asked chris about his experience as an african-american. chris throws a question to logan, as he is black too. as he answers, chris quickly tries to snap a picture of him. however, the flash goes off. logan suddenly stops talking. his nose starts to bleed. he then attacks chris, yelling at him to get out of there. the other guests restrain him and take him to missy's study to calm him down. dean claims that logan had a seizure. when he comes out of the study, he is back to his normal self and apologizes to chris. rose and chris then go out for a walk as dean invites the other guest to play bingo. the couple sit by the lake and talk. chris claims that logan did not have a seizure when he attacked him earlier. he looked at chris like he knew him. chris also tells rose that his mother had survived the initial hit, but she died because no one came to save her. he cries and says that he blames himself for not saving his mom. he wants to get out of this place, and rose agrees. meanwhile, we see dean auctioning with a photo of chris behind him. the blind photographer jim, wins the auction. we do not yet know what dean is selling to him. when rose and chris get back to the house, all the guests are gone. chris sends rod the picture of logan he took earlier. rod then calls to tell him that logan is actually andre hayworth, a man they had met once. chris finally remembers seeing him. he realizes why. the man had a knowing look on his face when he attacked him. chris then tells rose quickly pack her bags and does the same. he notices an open cupboard in the room and starts to snoop around. then he finds a picture of rose with a black man. he is surprised because she had told him that he is the first black man she had ever dated. as he looks further, he sees that she has pictures with many black people. at the end, he finds a picture of her with walter and one with her and georgina. he is beyond surprised, but keeps them back. he tells rose, who has just walked into the room to take out the car keys. rose cannot find them. they both run down the stairs. as she looks for them in her bag, jeremy stands blocking the front door. chris knows for sure something is wrong. missy and dean too arrive in the room. when they ask why they are leaving at night, rose answers that chris's dog is sick. dean starts talking to chris about the purpose of life. chris yells at rose to find the keys quickly, but just then jeremy attacks him. chris looks at rose as she shows him the keys but tells him that he can't hand him those. you know, i can't give you the case right, babe. chris realizes that she was in this the whole time. missy hits her teacup three times, making a noise that makes chris go unconscious. she had planted a trigger during his last hypnosis. chris is now back at his sunken place. he sees everything happening in front of him, but is paralyzed. back home, rod tries calling chris several times, but his phone goes straight to voicemail. he then looks up andre hayworth's name on the internet and finds out that he has been missing for the past six months. cut to the armitage's house. chris wakes up tied to a chair in the basement. he tries freeing himself, but to no avail. an old tv starts playing in front of him. in the video, rose's grandfather, named roman armitage, introduces himself. he talks about a supernatural procedure called the coagula procedure. it is a way for a man to live forever. the armitage family transplants their brains, partially into black people's bodies who have their desired features so that they can live forever. the auction at the gathering was them selling chris's body. jim bought it because he needed a man with good eyesight and photography skills. the minds of the people who were hypnotized go to the sunken place from where they can see and hear their surroundings, but cannot react to it. andre hayworth, walter and georgina, all have been hypnotized, and the people who bought their bodies have taken over them. after the video is over, a tea cup makes the same noise that missy did earlier, making chris go unconscious again. back home, rod goes to the police. however, they do not take him seriously, so he comes back and calls chris again. fortunately, rose picks up. this time she lies and tells rod that chris had left the place two days ago. when rod asked her what cab company he used to investigate the case, she stammers, making him suspicious. she is lying like a mother. chris wakes up tied to the chair again. the tv then arranges a video called between chris and jim. jim explains that chris's understanding of the procedure will increase his success rate. so he begins to explain it to him. he reveals that phase one of the procedure was hypnotism. currently they're going through phase two. this is a mental preparation. the last phase is phase three, the transplantation. after the procedure, jim will live as chris, while chris will be in the sunken place forever. then the tea cup makes a noise again, making him go unconscious. in a lab, we see dean perform surgery on gem. jeremy comes to take an unconscious christ of the lab. however, as he frees him, chris knocks him out. he then takes out little cotton balls from his ears. it turns out that he had pulled it out from the chair to cover his ears and be immune from hypnosis. as dean comes out of the lab looking for jeremy, chris impales him with a deer mount's horns. he then knocks a candle over, setting the lab on fire. chris encounters missy and breaks her teacup before she can reach it. the two get into a fight, after which chris slices her face with a knife, killing her. as he is about to leave, jeremy attacks from behind. the two fight, and chris steps on jeremy's face several times, killing him too. when he finally gets out of the house and drives away in a car, however, he hits georgina and gets out to save her. rose is at the entrance with a gun pointing at chris's car. georgina then wakes up and attacks chris. as it turns out that her body is possessed by rose's grandmother. the two crash into a tree. geordina dies, but chris gets out of the car. rose follows him, firing at him with her rifle. and at the same time, walter attacks him too. he is possessed by rosa's grandfather. chris somehow manages to flash a camera at walter's face, which brings him back. for some time, walter takes the gun from rose and shoots her, after which he kills himself too. an injured rose tells chris that she loves him. he chokes her, but stops before he can kill her. just then rod arrives there with his car and takes chris away sex slave. oh. [ __ ]. 