welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead, season 10, episode 19. this episode's all about father gabriel and aaron. they're on an adventure together, killing a whole bunch of zombies. the blood on the flowers so artistic. they've got a map that apparently maggie gave them of places that might potentially have supplies, but all they find are the skeletons of people that didn't make it. yes, we're almost a decade into the zombie apocalypse at this point. any supplies that are out there have been found. and it's very disheartening to get your hopes up, but finding nothing except more dead bodies, they're starting to lose hope. as they're headed towards the last location on the map, trekking through the mud, when, oh, zombie pulls gabriel down. oh, he's all covered in mud. now they have a good laugh. unfortunately, though, their map is ruined. now it's like, whatever. let's just go home. on their way back, though, they find something that wasn't marked on the map. it's a big warehouse. there don't seem to be any zombies in here, but there's something in the back room. it's making knocking noises. what is it? aaron screams like a little girl, and when father gabriel comes running, it was a wild boar. whoa. meanwhile, gabriel found some whiskey, so, hey, it's time to party. now. apparently, father gabriel's a whiskey connoisseur. he's like, yo, this is a really nice bottle. you gotta smell the aromas. aaron's like, yeah, man, that smells good, but, i mean, just fill me up. so these two have a great night together, drinking plain poker. father gabriel tells a story for like 25 minutes about his mentor and the ministry. in the end, aaron's like, you know what, man, you've renewed my optimism. i want to get back out there, try to find people and help them, bring them back to alexandria like i used to. but father gabriel's like, oh, no. i mean, i put on a brave face, but i don't believe in optimism anymore. evil people aren't the exception to the rule. they are the rule. so the next morning, gabriel wakes up with a monster hangover, but aaron is gone. there's someone else in the warehouse here. whoa. this guy's all scarred up. turns out this warehouse is where he lives. and he's like, man, i was saving that whiskey. i went through all the trouble of trapping that boar in the office, and you guys just ate it. they're like, oh, sorry, man, can we make it up to you? but he's like, no, i'm bored. and now that i got you here, i'm gonna make you play russian roulette. it's like, yeah. on your turn, you can either point the gun out yourself or at your friend. and this is supposed to prove that, like, in the end, all people are bad. gabriel and aaron, though not about to shoot each other, during their first turns, they each point at themselves, but, oh, they're safe. and after another round, when it's back to aaron's turn, oh, it clicks. sounds different, you know, it's loaded. this time this guy tells the story of how he was with his brother and his family, but they turned on him, tried to steal his food, so he had to kill him. father. gabriel's really laying into him, like, hey, just because bad things happen to you doesn't mean all people are bad. like we're trying to still be good. this whole conversation was a fantastic opening for aaron to shoot this guy with the loaded gun while he was super distracted. but they don't. so it's like, come on, man, you gotta pick i know you're gonna shoot your friend. but aaron doesn't. he's gonna go for himself. three, two, one. but how he stops him? father gabriel's like, hey man, it's not too late to save yourself. come on back to alexandria, like we're a happy community. so they put the guns away. he unties him. he's like, my name is mays. but just then, oh, father gabriel kills him with aaron's mace arm. aaron's pretty surprised. it's like, oh, i thought we were redeeming him. but father gabriel's like, nah, screw that guy. now turns out he had a secret room in the attic, and up here is his brother, who he's kept prisoner. yes, he didn't kill his brother. he made his brother play the russian roulette game with his family, and his brother killed his own family. and now he manages to grab the gun from gabriel and shoots himself. so this whole thing was a mess all around. as they're headed back, they find the water tower. that was the last location marked on maggie's map. and it's like, should we do one more? it's like, we'll do one more. and that's how episode 19 comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 