do you stay up every night watching hot girl live streaming? this girl just woke up to find someone who looked just like her was using her account to stream. what the hell is going on today? i will bring you the movie. cam in a pink room. alice was live streaming all night and nearly naked. she only wears a baseball jacket and heavy makeup. her look was simple, but very seductive. she is constantly interacting with fans, so she received a lot of donations. as long as she could increase her streams ratings, all requests of her fans will be met. but at this moment, there were a fan's comments that caught her attention. he wants alice to hurt herself. alice was a little angry, thinking that the other guy was crazy, so she directly blocked that account. but after that, everyone in the chat commented to support that weird request. since they donated so much, alice was forced to agree. she cut herself with a sharp knife in an instant. she also received a lot of money. gotcha. the stream ended. alice happily chatted with a man on the internet. her ranking after one night, had risen to the 53rd. it turned out that all that happened in the live stream was already been set up. the one who made the request that was not a stranger, but a crazy fan of alice, to get in touch with alice. he devised a way to help her increase her rank. alice was also very happy. after talking to him, alice video called with a fat guy. it was the person who supported her a lot. he was very rich. she could not ignore him. suddenly, i found out it is very tiring to do this job. you would have to please a lot of people. but why does alice have to work so hard? she had a goal to accomplish. she wanted to make it into the top 50. we can see that her face without makeup is no different from ordinary girls. after putting on her makeup and sexy clothes, she always looks amazing in front of the camera. today, her role is a sexy maid. she spontaneously eats and shows very erotic features. but right now, alice's stream viewers are constantly decreasing. the competition in this gig was so great. her opponents are getting crazier and crazier. she did not know when to stop. her body became more and more exposed alice's ranking was in danger. she had to do something quickly. she made that night her craziest live stream ever. unfortunately, i cannot show you how wonderful it was. sorry. after a hard night, she achieved her goal of reaching the top 50. by the time she woke up, it was 10 a.m. she logged into her account as usual, but this time someone has already logged into her account. she entered her own streaming room when she found out that there was another person on the stream. unexpectedly, this girl's face was exactly like hers. this is not a replay video, and she is not delusional. with her own eyes, she saw another version of herself streaming with even more sexy gestures and emotions. successfully entered the top 20. she quickly called the management company to check, but all things about that account were normal. she used her nickname lola and heavily questioned the impostor, but got banned right away. others was still receiving respond from her. so this is not a playback. alice panicked, hurried to find her besties to talk, but was interrupted by the crazy fan. it turned out that the imposter had agreed to go out with him. she also put up a lot of schedules. do [Music] do the count? been fake like her either? now alice thought of the rich guy that had supported her. he seemed to know all the female streamers. to learn more about baby girl, alice reached out to him, but while talking, he never mentioned the name baby girl. alice felt very strange, so she investigated herself. at this point, she just knew it turns out that the girl with baby girl's face is hannah. she passed away years ago. was the person on her live stream? a ghost? al is terrified. her imposter even live streamed with hannah. alice did not give up searching. she went to see the people who gave hannah the most donation. then discovered a very familiar name. it is the crazy fan who always wants to date her. was he the one behind this? alice went to find him and questioned everything. after listening to the story, he comforted alice, said that he would definitely find justice for her and told her to rest in his house. at night, alice woke up to the talking voice in the bathroom. she came to check it out, then saw a scene that stunned her. the crazy fan doing strange action. while video calling with her imposter. knowing that something was wrong, she knocked him down with a taser. he then confessed everything. it turned out that recently there was a mysterious organization. they took advantage of artificial intelligence technology to simulate female streamers, then completely replaced their identity. they will let them do things that real people would not do to make money. alice is very angry, but he said he did not join that organization. she took the opportunity to talk privately with the impostor. but it doesn't have any weaknesses and still casually talks to alice. alice remembered it was not a real person. it was just a programmed thing. she thought of a way to deal with this. alice quickly returned home and joined the imposter stream. in the stream, fans were surprised to see two identical faces. but they come to watch the fun, not to care about who was fake. at first, the imposter relied on sexy acts and one then alice came up with an idea. she slammed her face down onto the table, causing her nose to break in, blood to flow out. the imposter did not give up and still follow her and ended up with the program crashed. the image on the imposter stream has broken. this time, alice won to claim her trophy. she asked them to hand over the account, then she went in and deleted it right away. the war was finally over. but alice was no longer able to stream with her broken nose. she recovered for a year, then started streaming again. streaming is now very popular, and people are making tons of money out of it. the streamers are still trying to do everything to become more and more famous. it is often said that watching a stream is like looking up at the sky. what we look at are different, but on the inside, it's the same. loneliness. don't be too immersed in the virtual world. 