seventy-year-old widower. ben whitaker de niro, a retired executive from dex one, applies to a senior citizen intern program. after retirement has become too boring for him. he applies to about the fit, a fast-growing e-commerce fashion startup in brooklyn. founder and ceo, jules austin hathaway, had previously agreed to a community outreach program where seniors would intern at the firm. ben impresses everyone and is one of four hired. ben is assigned to work with jules, who is somewhat skeptical at first. initially frozen out by her, ben slowly wins over co-workers with his congeniality and gets into jules's good graces. ben heads to work one day extra early to organize a messy desk that jules had complained about previously. after work, ben notices jules's show for drinking, convinces the driver to leave and drives jules home himself, a role he retains in days to come. ben eventually reveals that he once worked in the very same building where about the fit is now based. he develops a romantic relationship with the in-house massage therapist, fiona, and becomes something of a father figure to several of the younger workers by offering advice about issues such as love, clothes sense and work slash life balance. he provides another with a place to stay at his brownstone after his colleague is evicted by his parents. ben becomes very committed to jewels, and even breaks into the house of jules mother to delete an embarrassingly scathing email, narrowly avoiding getting arrested in the process. ben also gets to know jules family. her husband matt, gave up his own career to be a stay-at-home dad to their daughter paige when about the fit started to take off. however, their marriage is slowly breaking apart as the couple grows more distant. meanwhile, jules is under pressure to give up her post of ceo to someone outside of the company, as her investors feel that she is unable to cope with the workload. having grown about the fit from a startup founded in her kitchen to a 220 employee juggernaut in only 18 months, believing it will give her more time at home with her family, jules is willing to consider the proposal when driving paige home from a party, ben discovers that matt is having an affair with another parent at paige's school. while on a business trip in san francisco to interview a potential ceo candidate, jules reveals that she knows about matt's cheating, but did not confront matt about it because she was not ready to deal with it. in an effort to buy herself time to save her marriage, jules decides to hire a prospective ceo. when jules goes to ben's home the next day, ben greatly encourages jules to think about how much this will change her authority and how her creativity may be hindered, and also reminds her of her passion for her company. matt unexpectedly drops in at the office and urges her to reconsider, saying that he is sorry, ashamed and wants to support her in her dreams. jules goes out looking for ben, wanting to tell him that she has changed her mind, and finds him enjoying his tai chi exercise group. she finally lets herself relax and joins [Music] him. [Music], you 