welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. we have some really interesting leaks on Falcon and the Winter Soldier. these have just dropped on 4chan and subreddit, Marvel Studios spoilers, and they bring a hell of a lot of information with them. throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down the new leaks and what we think of them. as always, take leaks like this with a grain of salt, but if they do turn out to be true, then there will be heavy spoilers here. make sure you click subscribe to never miss a video. and if you enjoy it, then please hit that thumbs up button. without the way. thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into our breakdown of Falcon in the Winter Soldier. okay, so the leaks are broken up into several posts, with them coming from both 4chan and subreddit. Marvel Studios spoilers, apparently certain members of the press have had access to rough cuts of some episodes, most notably the pilot. and they detail a lot that goes on in them. according to the leaks, the series opens up right after endgame. there's no Chris Evans cameo, however, but clearly his legacy looms large over everything. the series starts with Bucky sitting alone at the Lakeside bench. Sam approaches him and asks what he's doing there, and is taught from Bucky that he was thinking about leaving with Steve. ultimately, we know he didn't do this, but it shows that Bucky is ready to stop living in the past. Sam offers Bucky a ride, and Bucky asks if he sure about that, given that the two of them don't have a good track record with cause. he gets in anyway, and they drive for a while down a quiet country road with the radio blasting. at one point samples over and asks Bucky where they're going, and Bucky answers the future. the show then cues the theme tune music, which is then cut off by Sam asking, okay, but do you have a place to stay, dude? Bucky says he doesn't know, and sam says he has an idea. we then cut to them pulling up to the house scene in the trailer. now it turns out that this is actually Sam's family house, and that his family haven't seen him since the Accords. they asked where he's been and him and Bucky look at each other and in unison. that's a long story. now that's when we cut to the real title card. that's the introduction. and it sounds really enjoyable. I did say, I'm a trailer breakdown. video, that I thought the house would be one of old Steve Rogers, but a love comment said that they thought it would be Sam's. this is because of the New Orlean setting, which is tied in with Anthony Mackey's backstory. so it does seem to line up a lot with that, and it adds a ton of weight to it. now, not only does this show us some of Sam's past, but it also gives him a place that people will be able to find him at. Sam begins training, and then general Ross shows up. it turns out that Sam could be pardoned for his a chords violation, and he'll be allowed to keep the shield and the mantle, but only if he undergoes the serum procedure. Sam is reluctant and says that he needs to think about it. but he immediately weary of this agreement encourages Sam to refuse, saying, the shield isn't worth out living the people you love. this leads into Isaiah's introduction. and he calls Sam on a burner phone, and they meet. Isaiah shows Sam photos from the serum experiments that were conducted following Steve's death, many of which killed test subjects. and we learn that Steve was the only survivor. following his ire and Sam's meeting, Sam declines the serum and turns the shield in, which is given to us agent. as he undergoes the serum procedure, it's revealed the serum allows the recipients mind to be controlled. Sam trusts us aging to take up the mantle. however, John Walker is unaware that he's part of a bigger plan. u.s. agent fights a lot like Captain America. however, he's much more brutal, and he hits a lot harder with the shield. they apparently do an update to the star-spangled man with a plan, and even have a rap verse on it, which I must admit I'm a bit excited for, just to say how bad it's gonna be. anyway, Sam and Bucky's Starr their own missions for the government to repair their reputation. they're led by agent 13. now, some people want Bucky to serve life in prison, and he's haunted by his past. publicly he's charming and witty, but when he's alone, he struggles with his inner demons and doesn't want to be used as a weapon again. the only person he trusts to lead him is agent 13. and he says that out of everyone is she's the most like Steve. Falcon and Winter Soldier call themselves the blip brothers. Sam also begins Falcon air force training. now we did see this in the trailer as well, and I'm not sure if this is a scene later in the show, or if it's just part of the training. the soldiers did look like Hydra agents due to their colors. however, it could all just be a simulation, as there's no mention of Hydra in any of the leaks. Falcon and winter soldier tracked down C MO and managed to take him hostage. during this, Bucky comes face to face with him, and Zemo tries to trigger him using the words. however, instead of going off, Bucky just empties the gun in front of him. they managed to capture him. and it turns out that they're doing this in order to take information from him about a crime syndicate called the alchemists. these could be the big main villains. and it is possible that this is who Falcon was fighting in the skies. now, else we learn that the trigger words were, on the whole deactivated. the final trigger word was not the lika says that many of the people who heard about the leaks online were pretty upset by the prospect of sharees work being reckoned. they just wanted to clarify it absolutely won't be the final trigger. as many of you may have guessed, his Sputnik, which was never used, as it was a worse case fail-safe for this reason. and Bucky never remembered the cold nor was it in the cold word book, naturally, sure he didn't get rid of something she didn't know was there. Zemo discovers this trigger word, and it's actually a deactivation code that shuts the character down mentally. Simo uses it to knock Bucky out instantly. and though he's just unconscious, a lot of people, including Sam, think that he's dead. Zemo escapes and then starts to play a more villainous role in the show. in the wake of this, sam goes and gets the shield back, and he's once more confronted by general Ross. now we don't have anything about us agents stopping from being Captain America, but obviously from the comics who know that it becomes US agent. so it is safe to assume that he does end up passing over the mantle. anyway, that's all of the leaks that we have so far on this show that seemed legitimate. before we get into the rest of the video, I just wanna let you know we're giving away a free copy of the Infinity Saga box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts and the updates in the comment section below. but when it's gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of March in the settle, be shipped out from then, whoever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone he takes part. now, as for my thoughts on the leak so far, I'm very excited for the show. after hearing these. they all sound like natural evolutions from the way things that were left at the end of endgame. and I absolutely love the building blocks that are set up here. a big problem that people have had is that Sam is doing a lot of this without the Super Soldier Serum. and I'm glad that they at least acknowledge why doesn't want to take it. Sam is someone that has always just been a normal guy, and I think it adds a lot more stakes to the show, knowing that he basically has to fight tooth and nail throughout it. there is a chance that he could actually die. so this adds a lot more ramifications. there's also rumors that a mega red will be popping up in the show at some point. the character is synonymous with the x-men, so it's possible that they could be finally introducing mutants into the MCU. from what I've heard about the leaks on other films and projects, such as one division and Black Widow, characters from the x-men are slowly going to start popping up from time to time in the series, and these will slowly build up to the introduction of the main team, after being dropped in different things. overall, though, I have to say, I'm very happy with how things are shaping up. the three Disney Plus shows that we saw teased at the Super Bowl all have aspects of them I find highly interesting. and tonally, they all seem to be pulling from different genres. this definitely feels more like a spiked gorilla. that is in line with the Winter Soldier movie, and it's one of my favorites in the MCU. I'm very hype to see if it carries over that tone of that year. Civil War is a film that has massive ramifications here - and that was a big movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe that I'm excited to see have characters pop back up. so, yeah, very, very hyped. and hopefully these turned out to be true, because I think the show will be great if they do. either way, we will find out in August when the series releases on Disney Plus worldwide. that's right, UK, we're finally getting it at the same time as everyone else. yeah. in the meantime, though, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the plot leaks. and if you're excited for the show, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please hit the like button, and make sure you check out our full breakdown of some of the insane details we noticed in Avengers infinity war after binge watching the MCU. it's one of our best videos, so definitely check it after this. you want to support the channel from his letters, 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. you access the content early, and can also suggest video topics and breakdowns. we massively appreciate it, and it goes a long way to helping videos like this get made. you wanna come chat us after the show? either follow us at Definition YT click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date. with heavy spoilers, so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 