[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, Lord of the leaks, breaker of news, and this is the channel where we explain it, so you don't have to. if you've been keeping up to date with my Game of Thrones videos, then you'll know that I recently discussed the rumored prequel that would begin shooting this month. well, it looks like production is full steam ahead now, with our first image of the show coming out today. HBO shared the photo this morning, and it looks like this show is once again set to center around Westeros and the north. in it, we can see a mysterious character on horseback who stopped looking over the kingdom before deciding whether to travel through the frozen wasteland that lies ahead of him. the show, reportedly titled Blood Moon, is apparently set five thousand years before the events of Game of Thrones, and will be headed up by Naomi Watson, though her specific character is unknown. in addition to this officially released image, fan website winter is coming also recently dropped some new behind the scene pictures of construction work that was being done on the set in Northern Ireland. in these images, we can see what looks to be elements of the infamous wall, as well as potentially parts of the Night Watch base. I definitely think this would be a prime location. and reportedly, the show will showcase the construction of the massive Westeros Monument. there's also some elements that many fans think may be a cave system, similar to what the children of the forest lived in. and there are rumors that the series will have a large section that shows them creating a night game. whilst these tidbits are very small, is still a lot to look forward to. and I can't wait to see if this show can save season 8, though I very, very much doubt I'm just gonna stop talking badly about season a because I'm sick of it, obviously. though I'd love to hear your thoughts on these leaked images, so make sure that you comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure that you check out my full breakdown of everything we know so far about the spin-offs, which would be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for take the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 