[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2015 film, Maze Runner, the Scorch Trials. so let's get started. this summer, realize in part that you've seen the previous film. if you'd like to see summary, check out the link below. the film picks up right after the previous film, showing Thomas and the other colliders being brought to a facility run by man named Janssen. the facility has several other Gladers from different mazes. and Janssen explains that the Gladers were put there because they are immune to the flare virus. Thomas become suspicious lover, and finds out with another survivor named Ayres, but the immune survivors are being experimented on. they also discover that Janssen works for the wicked organization seen at the end of the previous film, led by dr. Ava. Thomas Eris and the others escaped from the facility, heading towards a resistance group known as the right arm, who are hiding in the mountains. they travel through the outside world known as the scourge and a pursued by the wicked troops as well as flesh-eating cranks, humans that are infected by the flare virus. the group loses some numbers and eventually meets up with Brenda and Jorge, who are leading a group of survivors. they help them to escape closer to the mountain. as the wicked troops continue to pursue them, Thomas and Brenda are separated from the others end up at a drug-crazed nightclub, and Brenda is bitten by crank. Thomas's flashbacks is when he and Teresa worked for wicked and remembers defying them. Thomas and Brenda reunite with Jorge and the others. the group arrives in the mountains and meets with the right arm, led by Vince. Brenda collapses as a flare virus start to take over and is nearly killed. but a former wicked scientist named Mary Cooper stops up. she explains that there is no cure that could be made for the virus, and said it must be harvested from immune people. Brenda is given a shot to prevent the disease from spreading. at night, Teresa reveals she signaled their location to wicked, believing they could all from the flair. wicked trips a ride, killing and capturing many members of the right arm. some decorators and right arm escape and begin to plan to take down wicked. so that was a spoilers for Maze Runner, the Scorch Trials. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media listed below. remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Applause]. [Music]. 