what is up? youtube. it's your girl evelyn, and i am back with the series finale recap of wynonna er. this video will also kind of recap episodes 10 and 11 as well. so sit back, enjoy the video. and as always, there will be spoilers, so proceed with caution. in episodes 10 and 11, we get vampire mercedes, a ton of deuce-ex machinas and a character death. okay, fine. it's just casey. our sweet angel baby, waverly, gets kidnapped by jolene. you guys remember jolene, waverly's literal evil demon twin, who was killed by some vines in season three? except now she's not dead because the plot needs her. jolene physically and mentally tortures waverly until waverly's dark angel side shows up and kills jolene. black badge, who's been diligently working on trying to stop the fog from spreading, has given up on trying to stop the fog from spreading, and instead decides to noah's ark all of the demons and some of the humans, which is how most of the gang and wolf man ends up in bbd custody. my girl mercedes gets shot, so doc turns her into a vampire to save her life. and together they combine their super vampire strength to break out. wynonna forces cleo and reaper billy to help her save waverly from jolene. but we already know that didn't work out. so cleo uses the opportunity and rachel to unread billy, which definitely seems like something she could have tried before now. but cleo then kidnaps rachel to lure wynonna to the clan junkyard for a very stupid reason. [Music], remember when waverly was forced to choose a book in the garden? turns out she chose her own book, treat yourself. dark angel waverly wants the book for whatever reason, and she gets it because dark angel waverly gets [ __ ] done. by the end of episode 11, things are basically fine. the gang and wolf man frees all the demons from bbd custody. duck gets cured of his vampirism by dark angel waverly. the clan stuff just kind of works itself out, and nicole's love stops dark angel waverly from returning to the garden. well, that and nicole volunteering to become guardian over the entire ghost river triangle for the rest of her life. and now it's wedding time. the series finale starts with a flashback to 1968. a bloody bride with an axe has just brutally murdered everyone at her wedding and tops it off by brutally murdering herself. were then transported back to the present where waverly has just received her wedding dress, which looks kind of familiar. while the gang turned the yard into pier 1. wynonna decides to try on waverly's wedding dress because she has no boundaries. but after she puts it on, she can't get it off, so she runs away before anyone can see her. and the dress, which is clearly evil, leaves a trail of destruction in its weight. wynonna hits up doc for help, and after some light flirting to foreshadow them getting back together, they head to the dressmaker shop at percy's vintage. they meet possibly the strangest character in the history of winona earth, which is saying a lot. the creepy dress shop owner, mrs h tells them that she needs a silkworm to get the dress off. and neither doc nor winona find that to be weird at all, and go off in search of one. meanwhile, back at the homestead, waverly notices her dress is missing and a bunch of wedding stuff has been trashed. so she and nicole set up one of those boards they like to use on the show, and seconds later, they know everything they need to know. shockingly, back in the day, mrs h was left at the altar, so she killed everyone at her wedding. and i guess her dress got haunted with her evilness. as a reward for figuring it out, nicole and waverly have sex with the door open. at this point. i think it's safe to assume that's just their kink. elsewhere in purgatory, while doc is searching for silkworms, wynonna finds a letter in his jacket pocket. turns out doc is planning to leave purgatory because purgatory is purgatory. wynonna feels some type of way. that is until doc tells wynonna he wants her to come with him. but our girl has some major trust issues and intimacy issues, not to mention her severe alcoholism that the show keeps glossing over. anyway, she tells him no. somehow everyone ends up back at cursey's, and waverly wraps mrs h in a silk banner and uses a removal spell to get the dress off of wynonna. and now it's wedding time. waverly decides to wear their mother's wedding dress, which she definitely should have done to begin with. speaking of michelle, turns out she's in turkey the country, having lots and lots of sex, which is definitely something that we needed to know. nedley walks a suited up daddy down the aisle, and after four long seasons, way hot, finally tie the knot. after the ceremony, doc leaves, and everyone yells at wynonna to go after him, and she does in the most dramatic way possible by shooting out his tires for no reason at all. she then finally admits what we've known all along, well, at least since dolls died and she had to settle for doc. that's true. and that's pretty much it. wynonna and doc briefly mentioned stopping to see their baby. and the show fittingly ends with, way hot. that's it for the recap. hope you enjoyed the video, and i'll see you next time. 