welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and it's time to break down the outsider. episode a is finally here, and the entry that I'm calling Jack Attack has a lot to unpack. everything is really coming together now. and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down all of the ins and outs of the episode. and it's ending, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything potentially ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel, as the finale is right around the corner, and you don't want to miss what happens in the last few episodes. without the way, thanks again for click in the video. now let's get into a breakdown of the outsider, episode 8. episode 8 centers around Ralph's getting onboard with the investigation in order to help save Claude. the outsider has been laying low, going through a transformation. and due to its vulnerability, it's been using Jack to do its dirty work. however, this space is almost over, and the creature is ready to claim its next victim. time is short, and due to Ralph's disbelief of El cuoco, the investigation has stalled. this has allowed the creature to put the pieces in place for the next part of its plan. the episode opens with Jack getting the police away from his room by making a phone call and saying that one of them has been shot. the place is being completely ransacked. but luckily for Jack, they didn't find the arsenal of weapons that would make the Punisher blush. he's got shotguns, rifles and even some night-vision goggles. that had me realizing that this guy could easily play Sam Fisher in a live action version of Splinter Cell. we then cut to a festival which is in the midst of being set up in the town name cave stock. this isn't a real festival, but there's one called cave fest. so yeah, if you're looking for somewhere to go for the next 15 years, then there's a place. this video was brought to you by K Fest. make sure you use the link in the description below for 50% off. anyway, there's a sign for tiger Corps cave. and I think this has a lot going on with it. in the episode, we learn that al cuoco chooses to hide out in a cave. I know it's a bear one. this is a clear reference to that claw. could be because he scratches people. and Tiger could be because he's an endangered animal, and we're already reaching however, the cave setting is similar the book, and this is where the monster ended up hiding out after the maitland clothes were discovered at the barn. we learned that el cuoco has been panicked by the unearthing of the CCTV that cleared Terry's name. and because of this, he's had to massively change his MO alko go in the episode, make sure it's in the exact same place as Claudius, to stop this from happening in the future. and the entire episode is sort of a road trip. Claude meets his brother at the location of the festival, and due to the events last week, he's pretty down on his luck. he's paranoid, worried that someone is stalking him and that something bad is about to happen. Holly has either been watching these videos or she's really smart, and she's deduced that Claude is going to be the face that'll cuoco wears next, in order to stop it from framing another person. the group intend to follow Claude to provide him with an alibi. once the creature does innovatively attack, Holly has worked out that the creature is at its weakest whenever it's been exposed. and as it's already very vulnerable, if they expose it further, then it could be lights out for the monster. ralph is almost on board with the investigation, and the metaphor of the beetle from last time has definitely come full circle. last week, we saw one scrambling around on its back and able to get up. and thus it was stuck in a position in which he would die. there were several examples of this in the entries, such as Jack, who did the same thing. but we cut from the beetle almost immediately to Ralph lying in his bed. and he sat up, showing that he wasn't doomed. however, he still hums and Haws. and Jeanne tells him not to go on the trip because she believes that if he does, it will stall the investigation. fair there al cuoco has managed to exist for so long purely because of policemen like Ralph who disregarded the supernatural. the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world that he didn't exist. and this is exemplified here. Ralph says that he will be okay. and no, he doesn't out-and-out say it, it's clear that he's coming around. the beetle could have also been applied to Al cuoco, who he learned was also in a very bad position. before they head out, we see how Ian Ralph catch up. and the Fulmer says that glory is going to be soon the department, but that he'll not be brought into it. he's dodged a bullet, because glory thinks that Ralph is the only person who can clear Terry's name. we cut to Jack, who as an APB out on him and learn about his backstory. we discovered that he's an expert marksman. however, he failed the psych evaluation at the Army. Jack's dream was to be a sniper, but at the last minute he was rejected, and this has haunted him his entire life. we know that al cuoco picks vulnerable people to be its slaves, and he was clearly chosen because of this. this was coupled with the death of his mother and the fact that his wife left him. and yeah, he was just ripe for the picking. the conversation slowly turns to a cuoco, and ralph hypothetically says that he's been sold on it. and we learned that its motives are merely to survive. as Holly says, it's not a criminal. it's not human. it's something else. now, the book by Stephen King was supposed to take the idea of the serial killer and turn it into something supernatural. we exist in a world where people murder for absolutely no reason beyond the fact that they like to do it. what King wanted to put across with the work is, what if people like Jeffrey Dahmer, you used to kill and cannibalize? what if he really was a monster, a creature from another world, a vampire that could take the face of someone that seemed like a normal person and wear it like a mask? this would allow them to blend in and hide their deepened dog desires. this metaphor is laced throughout the season, and especially in this episode, with masks making a big appearance towards the end with Claude. speaking of Claude, he ends up staying at the family home with his brother. his brother is putting together a jigsaw without knowing what the image actually looks like. and to me, this comments on Ralph's investigation, the spa. Ralph has been trying to put the pieces of the puzzle together without accepting the bigger picture. however, he will eventually get there through sheer willpower. Holley solves the jigsaw without even looking at it. and this clearly shows that she's been brought into the investigation to provide a high-level view. Holly also says that she doesn't like elephants, and this is possibly because, like her, they never forget. we cut to Eunice and Andy in the car, and Eunice jokingly tells him that Holly consents when people are going to die. to me, this kind of shows our myth and folklore can be developed, and now we know el Coco is real. it also shows why people have such a hard time believing things when they can just be made up so easily. and gullible people can jump on board, even if deep down they know it's not true. back in the other car, Ralph tells Holly that he was a respected policeman, but that he's now chasing the boogeyman. Holly appreciates him calling around question her. and he says that this is challenging. this is a callback to the jigsaw puzzle, which is too difficult, but worth doing for the mental strain er will provide that will help us grow in the long run, the to confide in one another on the ride. and Ralph tells a story about when his son was born, in which he heard the same song that he tried to play his mother the day that she died. she mentioned it as she was dying, and Ralph ran down to get it, and then came up to find her dead. he still played it to her, and said that he never heard it again until the time that he was talking to his mother in his head about how he wished that she could see a grandchild. that song was Washington Square, which ergo listen to it. tons of comments on there about how the outsider brought us there. and yeah, it's a nice little song. it had me crying a bit, especially after this story, and it's very emotional. I think it was a joke, but there may have been some truth to it. so let me know your thoughts in the conversation below, and what it represented for you. Polly begins to embrace the other side and visits the church. later in the episode, we learn that Claude's brother was taking anger-management classes. and I have a theory that L cuoco may have wanted to choose him as the next slave after Jack had been rumbled. he's clearly caught up in narcotics close to the victim, like Tracy and his cousin, and he lives an isolated life. this won't happen, but, yeah, that's just kind of what I guessed. Claude is stopped by police and taken to jail, and it doesn't take too long before his brother is in the cell with them after storing a fight of the department elsewhere. jack is now hunting the most dangerous game man, and he Snipes a fisherman. we then hear the son of a cuckoo feasting for the first time. jack has to ditch his car because of the APB, but there's no reason I'll Kukoc on it either. the animal noises are mixed in with human breathing, and though we don't see anything, it's completely disgusting. l cuoco and Jack are making a road trip like the other characters, but this one doesn't look like I'll be as fun. al cuoco is taking Claude's voice his tattoos. and the creature says that he needs to eat because the fisherman was full of cancer. this explains why he chooses young targets, as children are far less likely to have cancer than adults. he also feeds on the grief of families, so he takes a cube from the front mirror that has pictures of them on it. we can actually see from its hands that it isn't fully transformed yet. and we learned that the reason it adopts a mask layer is to hide the fact that its face is still a bit mushed. it still has cords DNA, though, so that's enough to frame them. but the investigation has clearly made it up route. we then join a family making their own road trip to cave stock. and as mentioned earlier, this becomes out cuccos new base elites there too, and seems displeased with the meals that Jack has been bringing it. it's revealed that Ralph and Co are the ones that had Claude arrested, and it was for his own safety. they give him the full 1/1. and Ralph is still struggling he's slowly getting there, but it is a bit frustrating to see him doing a Dana Scully when Mulder has already shown her aliens for like the 2000 time. the outsider becomes fixated on the child from the family at the festival, and he promises to show the boy the caves. his sister also had some predators around her, two boys, why, I oughta luckily, the boys point out cuoco, and his sister screams and stops her brother from being taken away. a crowd gather, and the father manages to pull his mask off. later in the episode, we see al Coco's face, and it confirms that it's not fully transformed yet. the church scene happens, and we cut to the police station, namely the investigation of the attempted kidnapping. we then jump to the crew at Claude's family home. and Ralph is awoken by Claude in the night, going through the paranoia that he talked about earlier the next day, how he and Alex arrived due to the guilt of feeling like they'd abandon Holly. similar to everyone else in the episode, Alex had a sign that something was going to happen. on this trip because of the taste of copper in his mouth. this used to happen before his tours in Iraq. and thus he knows it's a very important mission. police show up to question Claude, and they have cell phone footage of the character attempting to kidnap the boy. Ralph can't deny Ikuko exists, and Holly says he is here. the song at the end is called una thigh by al michaels affair, if you want to know, because I absolutely loved it. and we end with al cuoco eating at the air and next week, it looks like everyone is finally on the hunt for it. al cuoco is hungrier than ever before, and they know where it is in the cave. everyone arms up and goes in the hunt. but it looks like it won't be easy. jack, similar to the book, is set up in a sniper's position and ready to shoot anyone who comes into contact with it. it looks like there's also a cave collapse. and personally, I think that this is how the episode will end, with us potentially getting a cliffhanger just before the finale. either way, it looks great. and the promo really got my blood pumping for next week. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on episode 8 and what you've thought of the season so far. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. if you missed any of our episodes, and they're gonna be linked at the end. every month on the 15th, we give away free blu-rays. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning the Infinity Saga box set its label like and subscribe with notifications on if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us on our discord server, which is gonna be linked below, or at definition whitey. those are the best ways to keep up to date with the channel. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace you 