hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a horror film, tumbid. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. this hindi movie opens up with a meaningful quote from the indian philosopher mahatma gandhi, where he states, the world has enough for everyone's need, but not for everyone's greed. it seems like the story will revolve around this idea. cumberland took eight years to be completed. the people who worked behind this focused on details that will surely leave an impact on every viewer's heart and mind. a father tells a story to his son. first, the father introduces the goddess of prosperity, the symbol of food and limitless gold also wounds the earth. it is said that when the universe was created, she gave birth to 10 million gods, but she only loved one, her firstborn, hey star. but currently you will not find his name in any recordings. the father states that it's because he was greedy for all the gold and food, and the other gods attacked him for it. but before he could turn into dust, the goddess of prosperity saved him, but on a condition that he'll never be worshipped. and he slept in his mother's womb for eons. but an ancestor woke him up and built a shrine under his name. since then, the village was cursed, and it never stopped raining. the boy asks why they have to wake him up, and it's revealed that this is because haystar is a boon to them. the scene flashbacks to the year 1918 and tumbid village, western india. it is raining so hard. we see an old person lying on the bed, who seems to be a local lord, later on introduced as sarcar. there's a woman giving him sexual services. afterward, she reminds him of his promise that he'll give her the bold coin in this coming new moon. but he states that earning it is never easy. the camera zooms into a creepy, small statue, which seems to be haystar, who is that single gold coin in his hands. on the other hand, two kids, the nike and sadashi, are seen waiting for their mother outside their home. even if it is raining so hard, they seem to be anxious by the thought of having to feed the old woman in their house, their great grandmother, binay, constructs sadashiv to go and do the feeding instead. sadashiv is afraid. but before he takes another step, his mother calls him and smacks his head. then proceeds to smack phoenix. afterward, their mother places more food and approaches the old woman. she gives them a warning look, so the kids step back. she carefully cuts the old woman's toenails. the kid helps their mom shave her head again and asks if she was given an old coin. the kid receives a slap for swearing. he clarifies that they won't look after the grandmother unless she gives them the coin. his mom says, the gold coin is no joke anyway. right? then we hear some coffin whimpering. so the mother stands up and tries to go to where the old woman is. we can hear her whale, let me go. i don't want it and i don't want the treasure. their mother kneels to the small opening with a lamp in her other hand. she shushes the old lady without entering her room, telling her to sleep, or else haystar will come for her. the next day, sarkar passes away. the mother takes her children and runs towards their house and cooks food. she tells me nike that's the car is dead, and they'll start packing up and leave the tumbid village now, since nothing's left for them there. pinak asks, why can't they inherit the mansion instead, but the mother says that they'll still starve in there, for it's not worth anything. the sun asks about the hidden treasure in the mansion, but the mother says, sarkar was not even able to find it himself. vinayak suggests waking the chained up grandmother. their mother tells him to try and wake her up instead. the kids converse outside, but later on, sadashi falls off a tree and bleeds. the mother rushes during the night in the hope to get treatment for her son, and instructs me nike to feed the old woman this time, and tells him that if she wakes up, tell her to sleep, or else, hey, star will come for her. the nike is now all alone in that house. it lights up a lamp as the mother weeps for sadashi, who dies along the way. the mother asks the driver of the car to take her to the mansion instead. will see the night panicking and struggling and flower falling all over him. the knight hears babbles from the room where his grandmother is. he walks towards the room and peeks under the curtain, then finally opens the door, revealing the monstrous appearance of his grandmother. her skin seems to be peeled off, while there were huge nails on her face. she keeps babbling and avoids the light from vinayak's lamp. she picks up some containers in search of food. the nike realizes it and rushes back to the kitchen. the audio scoring in this scene would leave chills all over your body, because it emphasized that something would happen if the grandmother wasn't fed on time. he tries to recall how the food is prepared anxiously, but right then chain's rustling halts him. to his surprise, his great-grandmother chains him by the ankle and drags him with her. binay tries to shove her away using fire, but she's strong enough to pull him, trying to eat him instead. then she steps back in fear when v knight mentions haystar's name, causing her to fall asleep. on the other hand, his mother takes the gold coin and returns for vinayak, crying as she picks him, and then leaves the village by boat. during the ride, the greedy v night pesters his mother. he tells her that there's still more time for them to obtain the treasure. his mother shuts her protesting son with a gold coin. but he's not satisfied with it. as the rain falls, the mother forces him to promise never to return to tumbit. but v nike seems to be persistent in searching for that treasure. the night grows up independently. after 15 years, he arrives in tumbled before nightfall with a gasoline drum and enters their old house that is now full of spider webs and wild branches inside, like it has become one with nature. he finds a chain that's still on his great grandmother, but then finds a dusty, beating heart attached to the woods. he tries to wake up his grandmother, who spits blood afterward. he laughs maniacally when the old woman speaks. this is the part where we'll realize his true intention in coming back. although he jokingly points out that a tree grew on her, he asked why she wasn't banished after her husband died. and she replies by saying it's because they needed her since she can go down the well faster. and she warns him to never go down there, or he'll be cursed like her. binac asks her where it is and bribes her that he'll give her half if she tells him where it is. but his grandma only wanted freedom. she asked him to burn her for her eternal hunger. can't perish, but he can make the pain go away. she says that he can choose to go back to that mansion where the treasure is located, but not everything he inherits should be claimed. vinayak's now doing what he can to unlock the gates of the mansion. his desperation to escape poverty gave birth to his greed. many days pass by, and he never stops digging and clearing up his way to find the well. he fulfills the wish of his grandmother and sets her on fire. he returns to puna city and finds his wife, who was actually looking for him. she tells him that she has no money left, so she starts a business of wheat pinayak meets up with someone whom he's indebted to and offers him the gold coin in order to pay it off. that man is raghav, and he'll be a merchant who is now wondering where he got it from. but vinayak states that his ancestral every time he needs money, he returns back to tumba to steal the gold coins. one day, sergeant cooper gives rob of only a few days to come with the money if he wants to be rich. upon realization, raghav visits vinaik unexpectedly. he proposes to become his business partner, but vinai politely rejects it. vinayak's wife gives birth to a son, and they are now wealthy. soon enough, rago sells his daughter-in-law to vinayak as a mistress. on the other hand, raghav visits the mansion in tumbad, and vinayak follows him. he probably knows that he wants to find the treasure himself. vinayak goes down the well, aware that raghav's watching. raghave bites on the trap and attempts to go down the well too. the blood red mud welcomes him from below, while the knight creates doe dolls from above. the well resembles the inside of a womb. it is slimy and bloody. plus the walls and floor are breathing. the rope he used falls off the moment he unleashes a doe doll inside a container. here's a growl from a distance, and that growling creature attacks him in a snap. the night climbs down the well and sees the mutated raga conjoined to the womb's wall. he orders him to sleep, or else hey star would come for him. the night picks the doll and teases haystar, who is desperate for the flower. in return, the god throws tantrums and mutates rock of more binay throws the doll as he chases and rips haystar's loincloth. since the gods distracted, he picks up the gold coins that spilled out of the loincloth. vinayak throws the lamp to rogov to end his suffering. fourteen years later, vinayak still goes back and forth to tumbid. his son is already a grown child named ponderong. it seems like he's been training his kids and picking gold coins. the next day, the night, brings the enthusiastic pandarong to tumbit. vinayak warns him about what's ahead. they proceed to make dough dolls in preparation for training. once they are inside the goddess's womb, he orders his son to make a circle out of flower, because haystar cannot go through it, for those our brains grains. vinaik explains it further. he also tells his son not to bring a dough doll with them earlier. but since he secretly brought one, haystar attacks and almost touches ponderon, if only his father didn't catch him. they climbed back up, and his angry father scolds him for not obeying his order. they returned back to puna, and ponderon's mother interrogates him regarding what he saw back in tumbit, but he refuses to spill it. afterward, binac meets with some businessmen who point out that he should take the opportunity to elevate his status. he finds out that the government will lock up the mansion and build a new village in tamid. binay shows ponderon is safe and reveals all the gold there. the next day, the night beats up his son because he gives his mistress a coin. pondering, blurts that they should steal haystar's loincloth instead, an alibi for his father to stop beating him. accepts his son's suggestion. they go back to tumbit and make dolls. once again, unfortunately, there are multiple clones of haystar who have started crawling towards them. indeed, they are multiple now, due to the dozens of dolls they made earlier, a one-to-one ratio, perhaps. they hold on to each other, probably not expecting it. the night throws each piece everywhere to distract the clones who try to eat one but fights with each other, since the god himself is just too greedy. then a clone almost falls to the flower circle. vinaya catches his son, and they both fall down the floor. that clone turns into dust in a blink, since it made contact with the grain. the nike ignites fire since the light they had earlier died. this is the part where he gets an idea that is just heartbreaking, a sacrifice as a father. there isn't much time and choice. ponderon wakes up to his father, who had tied the remaining dolls to his body. he will use himself as the bait in order for his son to escape, since he's also the one who took him there with him. pondering grabs on to his father and tries to stop him. but his father shoves him off and takes a leap so that the haystar clones would go after him. pondering escapes the well and manages to stand above land. after a little while, ponderon sees his father struggle hard to approach him. his father babbling now, just like his great-grandmother and raghav. but his son sees his father's state v-neck presents haystar's loincloth in the hope of fulfilling his son's wish. ponderom refuses and cries hard as his father insists for him to take it. with a heavy heart, he throws his lamp at his father and sets him on fire in order to end his suffering. then he finally tells his father to sleep, or haystar will come for him. binac burns to death, and his son leaves without taking the loincloth, probably realizing that no amount of materialistic treasure is worth a person's life. the ending is very emotional, but a fitting one. you got what you wanted, but lost what you already had. in fact, the father and son were both greedy, and it's true that realization only hits you when times almost up. hey, star symbolizes greed, and greed, in reality, means endlessness. another poetic thing here is that every victim acts like a baby who only lives to eat in sleep, as if the curse is remaining hungry, even if you had become immortal. that's it for tom bad. i hope you enjoyed and learned a lot on this journey. this is daniel cc movie channel. stay safe and enjoy your fun for today. 