summon now quick. this town died in Dagon, murdered. hey guys. Greg and Ryan back breaking down another episode of true detective season 3. we're already on episode 6. yes, we are. hunters in the dark. now, again, spoiler warning. if you haven't watched this episode just yet, go watch it and come on back. also, make sure you subscribe to the channel, because we have breakdowns for every single episode. and maybe when the season is over, we'll go back and do some more - detective stuff. you know, maybe, just maybe. we're not gonna do season 2, though, why not? because it never happened to Greg. it's not a bad season. sometimes the thing happens. let's split your life. visit before and after. I got like 500 at this point, and this is your first. okay, let's get started. hunters in the dark. what does that title refer to? hundreds in the dark. there has been a film, I believe, hunter in the dark back in the 70s, and then a novel, hunters in the dark. but I think specifically when you're talking about true detective, there are multiple hunters, especially in this episode, but we can refer to the different characters that are doing their own hunting. obviously, know that mr. Hoyt. we don't have a first name, by the way, no, but Hoyt literally hunts, yes, for his extended period of time in an African safari. so, yes, a hunter. wayne is consistently hunting every episodes in Vietnam, he was hunting for people in the jungles out there. even Amelia, she's hunting in this episode as well. she's kind of the third detective, you can say, she's, yeah, I don't even said it. she's the third investigator. yes. mystery. I love it. and finally, Tom Purcell, mm-hmm. this is the first time in this season that the the point-of-view kind of shifted from our main characters to someone on the fringe, Tom Purcell, and kind of showed him on his own little hunt, trying to get down to the bottom of this and figure out what find his daughter. all right. we started off with Wayne, Amelia in bed first up to the shooting, yes. and he has a cool line that he gives her, a very, very smooth head of the day, when a gunfight, the second most exciting thing happens to you. it's a great wine. and he's got a bunch of great lines. in this episode, bio - Hershel ollie. there's, what else can you say at this point? incredible performance. I mean, every single episode, every episode. and this episode he has delivered some just jams. now, this conversation between them is pretty interesting. besides the fact it being their first hookup. you know, amelia is like inquiring about his past, and wants to know more about what happened to him and what happened in Vietnam. and your memory, he keeps on saying about, like he doesn't think much of it, and doesn't try to remember those things, and you just kind of, you know, pushes it to the side. it's like a superpower to me. I can't even understand that. how you do that? just lucky, I guess. and it's so ironic, because, you know, in the later years of his life, and 2015 back, he wishes he could remember those things. you know, he used to be able to forget them and not let it affect his day to day. but it's definitely not a superpower. he's in 2015, and he's trying to piece together what happened to his life. let's go back to Tom now. in the last episode, we got that phone call, who we think is Julie on the line. and now the police are trying to circle back around to Tom. they want to go back and like, pinch him a little bit more on this, which would be the obvious way to to react when you get a phone call from Julie, from the same, that guy, that guy, stop acting like my dad. you know, who is this guy? you have to then be suspicious of his motives and what he was doing, and kind of double check your stuff. the thing that I found interesting is that, you know, he is completely betrayed. he feels, yeah, his love, especially between him and roll yeah, that look at rollin it was just like he was heartbroken, yeah. and you can see that, I think this is the moment where he completely breaks. and we find out later in the episode of what happens. you know, he it was like a turning point in his life where he could no longer just sit there. he had to do something about it. his one friend, his one friend left in this world after what happened to his family. yeah, now he feels like he's just turned on him, so he's alone. she's mine. you and I just want to give a shout out. I think this was probably the best performance of this episode. scoot mcnairy did an incredible job all season long with Tom, but uh-huh? when you're in that interrogation room and he is screaming and breaking down, and the veins in his forehead, I mean, it was all like body and mental and emotional performance. it was, it was incredible to watch. it reminds me of Matthew Lillard scene from Twin Peaks, the return. his interrogation scene was so good, in heartbreaking. now, another thing that we see going on throughout this whole season, and through the 80s and 90s is, you know, the higher ups and the police and the law enforcement trying to pin it, pin this on someone. yeah, I'm the easiest target. they can't, bit of public pressure and everything going on, to close this case as soon as possible, right? they don't want to just to drag out too long. and you know, our mr. Kent, the Attorney General in 1990. again, there there's, they're looking for the easiest explanation. you know, they think Tom might have collaborated with Woodard to pull this off. and it's like, there's no evidence that's that backs that up at all. but it's like, could these two have done it? like yeah, let's let's throw them sure, sure they could. it's clear that Hayes knows that something's up here. those things are not as gullible, or he doesn't want to, you know, he's not looking for this easy out. he really wants to find the truth. yeah. and the difference between him and Rowland is, you know, Rowland's willing to play the game a little bit in terms of, like, you know, going through the hoops that he has to do. sees this as just another case, right, with the rest of his cases. but when it comes to Wayne, this is, this is his life. now, we learn a little bit more about Tom Purcell. the detectives go back, they check a few of his acquaintances and coworkers, and they find out a few more things about him. one that he, apparently, he was drinking a lot on their job. they're just checking off, let's turn and see if they can find anything that can, you know, pin him there. and also, they found out that he was going to Gabe ours. yeah. you have to remember, around this time in Arkansas, it's not a very open society at all. no, you know, race, homosexuality, all sorts of things. you're an outsider, and you cannot bring that up at all. no, your uncovering parts about Tom's past that we didn't know about. but that doesn't mean it that he had anything to do with not this. it's another chance for the detectives to go, well, this might have had something. now we have our smoking gun, or anything that way. and they also find, what, the church pamphlet as well on homosexuality. so it's again, pointing towards this idea that maybe he had, he had something to do with it, but it's unlikely at all. yeah. and even in that drive between Roland and Wayne, you can tell that Roland is very skeptical about the whole thing, about even tying Tom into it. like, it's clear that tom was an extremely hurt and like, shattered individual, especially after, you know, who knows how long he was living in the closet. but also, on top of this, now he's lost his kids, having to go through this, and then on top of that, getting getting the the finger pointed at you for doing this. I mean, the only story someone of all this. and I feel like also, rolling probably knew some of this as well, and he's just telling them, like, this might not be the route here. we know they were meeting somebody else out there. Tom wouldn't do that, is he? if he wouldn't, and we're clear, we've got to get this right. all right. Harris James, let's talk about Harris James. you and I, we did not like this guy from the get-go. remember last episode, we it was revealed that he, yes, spotted the evidence at the Woodard. and, yeah, he was like, oh, that's that kids backpack. how convenient. oh, cool. and where does he work now? Hoyt. yeah, he works at Hoyt food insecurity. and apparently he was, you know, highway patrolman, but he also did some shifts at security at white he's there, apparently, we find out what he says, the exact line that I think, oh, that's Michael Clayton's job, basically. he is the Michael Clayton of this company, exactly. so, I mean, extremely suspicious individual, if he wasn't already before, now to tie him into the whole Hoyt universe, he's someone to watch. yes, 100%, yes. and NIC pizzolatto already says to that, listen, it's you got to focus in on white. now, this is our biggest part of this case right now. as Hoyt Foods had a lot to do with this. and as we mentioned earlier, in that scene, you can see another shot of hunt at him from hunt, him, hunting, mm-hmm. photo. and also, there was a really kind of random suggestion as well, when he kind of hit on Wayne at the end of the whole conversation, he looked, good, yeah, great body. great body. great body. and it was like, you know, obviously, maybe a innuendo that he was in the closet as well. and it's something that, like, you know, isn't spoken about, but that there are people that are kind of hiding their true selves in this society. but I'll admit now and then, I miss wiling away my days cruising around eating doughnuts. I don't need. don't know, I can tell you got a good body, detective. appreciate your time. now, speaking of Harris, Eliza, and the next scene brings him up, brings up that name again. it's a Wayne. and he's like, I have no idea what you're talking about. I've never heard that name. yeah. there's this theory going around that I read on the Internet of, like, Wayne in 2015, he, he's playing up some of his his sickness that he's, he's kind of using that in order to what she knows, yeah, see what she knows, to see what Rolen knows, to see what all these people know, and to see if he can kind of figure out who's on his side and who's against him, that he's maybe a little bit more with it than we think he is, or that he's led to believe. I believe that, yeah, so do i. and, and I, and I think that, you know, this is obviously him playing dumb, because I think that, I think something horrible happened that he was a part of. that has to do with with Harris James. like we said earlier, about Amelia doing some detective work herself. she goes to this halfway house, like, I guess it's owned by the church or something. it's not a nunnery. we get a lot of clues here about what's going on here and how she might have gotten there in the first place. we know that they were helping girls, take care of girls who were lost, but then some things happen with drugs. they were also apparently pimping girls out at some point. we still don't know what happened, how she got there. and what happened, how they died? would she leave? how did she get out of this place she was at with the Hoyt thing? how does she get to here? and how would she save, you know, she's, why would they keep her alive? exactly. yeah. so it's a theme that we've seen throughout true detective season one as well, about these people on the fringe of society, right? that are the women that are kind of taken advantage of by people in power, someone with a lot of money, men that are in a position that can take advantage of them. and they're kind of discarded by other people and kind of brought brought into these rings, these prostitution, pedophilia rings. and we get a little more insight into one of the girls, brings it up to a million, yeah. and there she's telling I read a book. something going on here. write a book about the what happens to kids in this area, specifically women. and that is, like, that's season one true detective. yeah. there. you want to write a book, right? about what happens to kids out here, what happens to girls? so heavy themes of a wider conspiracy that goes far beyond just what we've seen so far. but also, there were a couple shots that piqued our interest, yeah, of someone doing the landscaping outside. we see the shot, there's two specific shots of someone out there outside of this location. and if you look closely, on the side of the truck, it says, are doing landscaping. are doing, is the last name, Mike, are doing, who we saw in earlier in this season. yeah, the camera frettin, it holds on that shot. and we were both like, why are they holding on this shot? why even show us this, unless there's some reason. and this makes sense, because it's, again, going back to the case and the detectives, maybe things they missed talking to parents, possibly these kids they did talk to Mike. so at this point, you with the last name in there, to makes you wonder if it's the family had something to do with this too. maybe it has something to do with them, right? and it makes you kind of question about how deep the conspiracy goes. and, yeah, if mr. Hoyt, you know, he controls not only, you know, his own business and Empire, but the task hands, first of other things, a lot of people, a lot of different companies, law enforcement, politicians, obviously. but yes, Mike are doing is the kid that, you know, knew about the dolls on Halloween night, the ghosts that were dressed up, handing them out. Julie, she felt one. now, let's move on to Dan O'Brien. this was my favorite scene in the entire episode, just the acting between all of them. I felt like something, I have a Tarantino movie. it was so good. I just want to say that I can't believe they let him leave. I understand the whole thing, times of the essence here, but the fact that he's trying to like, hustle them for money right now and give me 7 grand and I'll give you the name. it's like, no, no, we know about you. come with us to the department. anything is good. I kind of do agree with you, because the thing is that we've seen how aggressive these two have gotten with suspects in the past. a ball guy just told them, he seems like scum, that you want to love his cousin. he told them all of it. yeah, that was a really, that that I, yeah, that was horrible. I was surprised by them letting him go. but you know, they, they don't really have much to work with her now, so they're gonna know, they're gonna wait, wait a little bit. and I thought I was telling just to see how he was reacting, in the sense, you know, he was very, very skittish and like, on his toes, even when he said, you know, people are looking for, you know, you're looking for Julie. people are looking for to keep me silent, silent. yeah, it's not even me. he knows, you see someone. there's like one point, there's one part in the diner when he looks up here, hears the door open. anyone, he looks up like he thought it was someone, you know, to come get him. so you can tell that there's a reason why he's kind of so scared, or that proves that the conspiracy is so large. yeah, you know, there are many people trying to keep this quiet. now, you put care of my phones. we need back here sake tomorrow. maybe the next day you can see the solution your problems. now the biggest mystery has been solved. what was that? the two wineglasses? yes, Eliza was sleeping with Henry here heaven. effects yes, Henry. I mean, what are you doing, man? but I love the scenes right before and you had to think, oh, it's got to be Henry. now, when he second, he talks to lies at the same time. he's like, no, you can't do that. you knew. I was like, okay. so it's establishing a rapport between the two totally. and and the reason why I was talking about how sharp Wayne might be staff is memory. it comes back to his memory. not only that, but, like, he deduced from what he saw how they're acting with each other. he could then he, you know, brought up to his son. so we, we shouldn't forget that, like, Wayne is also a class detective or, you know, military member. like, he knows what he's doing when it comes to kind of interacting with people and interrogating them on their own. so, yeah, we shouldn't, we shouldn't put it all off to his disease that he has, obviously, but like, he's, he might be just kind of, like, lying a little bit in order to make sure that he can kind of stay on top of people. yeah. now let's fast-forward to Dan and Tom. Tom gets info from the two detectives who were speaking a little too loud. yeah, horrible. detective. yeah, that's horrible. so, I, I'll go with that. I I, so, I figured that Tom probably knows a lot more about Dan, so he could find him from where he was. so I got bad. next up, we got one big clue, one big, actually, not even it's a confirmation at this point. it has to do with point, right? weights the name that he was probably gonna get these guys. we just rewind a second, cuz I loved Tom getting a little bit of revenge on Dan. Dan, give me the night. I said, Dan had been picking on Tom maybe his entire like, marriage, you know, and and, you know, calling him like a [ __ ], calling him all these things, like, just like, you could tell that tom was not like anything stopped him at that moment. he finally got back, and finally got back to him. was like, tell me what, you know, I'm gonna kill, I'm gonna kill you. I'm gonna murder urine out. Tom have reached a point where he was willing to kill someone and go to prison forever in order to get this information. I'm saying, I know who was paying her, man. I know who's paying her. and who would have a problem. she asked for more. that's all I was gonna give the cops, man. and so I was gonna give the cops next we see Wayne over at she'll pick Elaine. the intersection we've seen before. we didn't know exactly what that house was, but now we know it was the abandoned Purcell house. yes, it wasn't water itself. I was like, what hurts' house? it's a whole bunch of vandalism, graffiti, and it's completely abandoned. and there's a few things to point out here. one, there's a triangle with anion at Illuminati right there. okay, okay. and then on the other side there is a circle, a spiral, which we've seen in true detective season one, yes, dealt with, it was imagery dealing with a larger pedophilia rings throughout the region in season one. it kind of creates the the imagery and the idea of that this being a much larger conspiracy, not just in this town of Arkansas, but also a panic that kind of spread across the u.s. during this time. so we talked about this earlier, about that hole in the wall, and how all the options of what it could be, it looks like it was the fact that it was the kids, it was just the kids passing notes back and forth. yes, I wasn't as devious as a peephole? no. so then who, in fact, do you think they were talking about? who were they worried about hearing their conversations? maybe their mom. everything points back to his. got to be the mom who's involved with this. the way that Tom's going about everything, it seems like it's the mom, and the fact that she worked for Hoyt. oh yeah. come on. now it's fast forward to the 90s, and Amelia's book signing. a major character she'll director shows up. we get the the black man with the one eye, the one one white eye. now, the interesting thing here is that he was kind of scolding Amelia for what she's doing, right? and it kind of echoed the sentiments that we've heard from Wayne in previous episodes this season. they kind of had to share the same perspective. now, it's strange, because if he was involved in the the devious part of this whole, this whole case and the whole conspiracy, would he be reacting like this in a public forum? I don't think so. no. and it almost seems like he had a genuine relationship with a girl, separate from what happened to them at Hoyt. apparently he doesn't know what happened to her either after this, right? so he wants to know where she is now, where she is, where she is, if there's any information on where she has stopped making a book. let's go find her. by the way, I took that was that he actually had a genuine friendship with these kids. as weird as that that is, for I can see that it's a weird but I don't think that is. it's linked to, actually, mr. Hoyt. so you don't know nothing. you just just making your money and milk, and they pain sir, the author has never claimed shame on you, woman. so at the end of the episode, it looks like Dan at least gave Tom some name. he gave him a name, win. yep. now he just a drunken Tom Purcell decides to just walk up to the mansion, you know, just jump over a fence, you know, not worry about the cameras or anything. it's fine. he'll make his way around. now, the reasoning for all this, I believe, it was way too easy to get into that house. they're luring him, and they they know that, they know that the possibility that he would be coming. maybe they're tipped off by Dan, maybe they're tipped off by someone else, but they know that Tom is coming, and this is working for them. yeah. they want to cover up and make it look like these other players, Tom Lucy, were involved in this whole thing, and that they're responsible and their love and all of their silence. yeah. Harris watching on the loyal camera, it's just what the cigarette I come on in, totally chill. yeah, just watch, like watching TV. he doesn't really care. like so, waiting to lure them at Lerman and then kill him, I think. is there any chance that Tom survives this? we see him alive in the next episode Orson? I I sure hope so, but I do not think so. I mean, I in sad to see scoot mcnairy, his time to come to the end. maybe we'll get some flashbacks from earlier timelines, but I I think it's over. there's no way they're gonna want a second online. is Julie? yeah, his last line is Julie, exactly. and the fitness expression his face, and he's like, what is going on here? like he figured it out. but, yeah, no one else is gonna know. it's like when you find out Superman's Clark Kent, and then they usually kill that person already, wipe the memory. yeah, it's not looking good for you, Tom. Josie, that'll do it for us guys. let us know any predictions or theories you might have in the comment section below, and don't forget to hit that subscribe button. and we will see you all back here for Episode seven next week. 