welcome back to horror recaps. today i will be showing you a thriller slash horror film from 2017 titled the killing of a sacred deer. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. the movie opens with steven performing an open-heart surgery on a patient. he is a qualified and trained cardiologist in a well-renowned hospital. after the surgery, he cleans himself up and talks to the anesthesiologist about his watch. he wants to buy the same one. steven then meets a teenage boy named martin at a diner. they talk over food. steven seems to be some kind of mentor to martin. after the food, they sit by their car near a bridge, and stephen gives a watch to martin. it's the same watch that stephen talked about with the anesthesiologist. martin hugs stevenson thanks him for the present. after the meeting, stephen has dinner with his family. his son bob, asks if he can go to a party with his sister kim. stephen says he can if he cuts his hair short. steven's wife, anna says that she likes her son with long hair, and asks stephen to let him go to the party. stephen then mentions that he has been spending some time with kim's schoolmate, martin, because he wants to become a cardiologist. that night, in the bedroom, anna and steven have sex while anna pretends to be under general anesthesia. the next day, martin comes to the hospital without notifying stephen. stephen isn't happy about it. apparently martin came to show him the new leather strap in his watch. then steven introduces martin to his anesthesiologist. later, stephen and anna go to a party where steven gives a speech. after the speech, he talks to one of his colleagues who offers him a cocktail, but he refuses. anna informs him that stephen hasn't drunk alcohol in many years. later that day, stephen meets martin at the same place by the bridge. while they talk, we find out that martin's father had gotten into a car accident and died 10 years ago. so now it's just him and his mom living together. stephen invites martin over for dinner to meet his wife and kids. later, martin arrives at steven's house with flowers. anna receives him at the front door. steven introduces martin to bob and kim. martin has even brought presents for them. martin hangs out with stephen's children in kim's room and asks them about themselves. as they talk, martin offers them to go for a walk with him. bob tells them he would rather stay at home listening to music, but kim agrees. they walk together for a while, then rest by a lake. kim sings to martin while sits in front of her. when they return home, the whole family sits with martin and chat. stephen offers him to stay the night, but martin says he doesn't like leaving his mom by herself. later that night, anna asked stephen to call martin home often. soon stephen receives a call from martin thanking him for the day. he invites him to his house over dinner to meet his mother. later, steven is driving through the parking lot at the hospital and notices martin walking nearby. in the evening, stephen goes to martin's house for dinner. while they're eating, martin tells stephen that he'd like for them to watch his father's favorite movie. stephen agrees. sometime later, martin says he is tired, and he gets up and goes to sleep, leaving stephen alone with his mother. she then mentions that she knew him as the doctor who operated on her husband. she compliments his hands, calling them tender and beautiful. suddenly, she grabs steven's hands, kisses them and starts sucking his fingers. stephen gets up and leaves. the following day, martin comes to stephen, claiming that he is chest pain. steven advises him not to worry, because he is healthy. however, martin tells him that his father was healthy too, when he died in surgery. after the test, martin asks stephen to take his shirt off and show his body hair. stephen does without any hesitation. martin again offers steven to come to dinner. steven refuses and tells him he would come some other day. martin informs that he knows his mother is attracted to him, and they would make a nice couple. stephen claims that he is married and he is happy with his family. some days later, stephen and anna are his anesthesiologist's house for a barbecue, when martin calls steven. he wants steven to come to the diner they usually meet at, but steven declines. the anesthesiologist tells stephen that he saw martin yesterday at the hospital, waiting by his car. stephen is surprised to hear that. that night, kim tells stephen that martin drove her back home from choir practice on his friend's motorcycle. steven then calls martin, but he doesn't answer. just then we see martin outside the house watching bob is running late for school. the next day, when stephen goes in to get him out of bed, bob refuses. he says that he can't feel his legs. he is taken to the hospital where he undergoes a neurological examination before being told that nothing is wrong. he has regained his ability to walk. and is on his way out of the hospital with anna. but suddenly he collapses. he can no longer feel his legs again. they admit him back to the hospital and he undergoes an mri. later, they inform stephen that every test came back normal. the doctor suggests bob stay at the hospital for a night and stephen and anna can go home that night. kim returns home with martin on his bike. again, martin shows up the next day to pay a visit to bob in the hospital, but bob isn't thrilled. martin asks steven to meet him in the cafeteria. in great anger, stephen warns martin not to get in front of him again, but still goes to the cafeteria. martin then tells stephen that he believes stephen is his father's killer because steven was operating him when he died. because stephen killed a member of martin's family, he'd now have to kill a member of his own family. martin warns him that if he doesn't, his family will all die the same way his father did. first, they will lose the ability to walk. second, they will starve themselves. third, they'll bleed from their eyes. after that, it will be mere hours until they die. he adds that steven can choose whom to kill. thinking that martin is bluffing stephen calls the securities, who escort him out of the hospital. stephen then goes to see bob and asks him to eat some donuts. but bob claims that he is not hungry. steven tries to force him to eat, but anna stops him. later, kim hangs out with martin at her house. they seem to be attracted to each other as they talk. kim seductively undresses in front of him and lies on her bed. martin tells her that she is the prettiest girl he ever met, but he has to go. kim asks if he is mad at her dad and admits to being in love with him. martin holds her hand for a while and leaves without saying a word. back at the hospital, anna and steven inform the doctor about bob refusing to eat. the doctors run many tests, but find them all to be normal. anna assumes that her son suffers from some psychosomatic disorder. the doctors agree with her and suggest psychiatric support. stephen doesn't seem to agree with anna or the other doctors. he tries making bob walk, but he cannot move his legs and falls on the ground. steven then asks bob if it's an act, but he insists it's not. later at school, kim is singing in the choir when she suddenly collapses. she ends up in the hospital beside bob. she too refuses to eat. the hospital continues to run tests on the two of them, but nothing wrong seems to be wrong. knowing that all this has to do with martin, somehow, stephen drives to his house and bangs on the door. he returns when no one answers. later, stephen informs anna of martin's claim. she inquires as to whether he had consumed alcohol on the day he operated on martin's father. it's possible, he says, but death on an operating table is always the result of an anesthesiologist's error. a day or two later, anna is at the hospital with her children when kim gets a phone call from martin. he tells her to stand up and come to the window so she can see him in the parking lot. all of a sudden she's able to stand up. she walks to the window, but doesn't see him. but the second she hangs up the phone, her legs stop working again. bob also tries to walk, but falls off the bed. anna forbids kim from talking to martin and takes her phone away. later that day, anna meets martin. she asks him about his father. he dismisses her question and instead informs her of her husbands and his mother's affair. she asks him why she and her children should pay for the mistake steven made. martin doesn't answer and leaves. anna returns to the hospital and decides to take the children home early next morning. anna meets the anesthesiologist again. she asks him about martin's father's hospital files, but he says he cannot show them to her. she then asks if stephen had been drinking the day of the operation. the anesthesiologist says he remembers stephen having two drinks the morning before operating on martin's father. contrasting steven's words from earlier, he says, when someone dies, it's always the fault of the surgeon. in return for the information, anna gives him an explicit hand job inside her car. the children are taken to the home from the hospital. anna confronts stephen about his meeting with martin's mother. steven shows his frustrations and starts breaking stuff in the kitchen. that night, stevens heads out. in the morning, he takes anna down to the basement where he has martin taped to a chair, his face covered in cuts and bruises. he thrashes martin in an attempt to get him to stop. suddenly, martin bites off a piece of flesh from his arms. stephen is furious. anna stops stephen, who is almost ready to shoot martin with a gun. the kids also find out that steven should choose one of them to kill. they all try to flatter him to avoid having to die. bob cuts his hair himself and says he wants to be a cardiologist. when stephen is not at home, anna takes kim and bob to martin and she dresses his wound. later at night, kim drags herself down to the basement when everyone is asleep, and asks martin to let her walk again so they can run away together. steven and anna wake up to find kim missing from her bed. they search every room for her, but she is nowhere to be found. steven interrogates martin about what he did to her. they begin driving around the neighborhood until they come across her dragging herself along the street, her knees and legs bleeding. steven treats her wounds at home, while she apologizes for going down to see martin. the next day, anna claims to have set martin free. all of a sudden, bob's eyes begin to bleed. they do not have much time before all of them die. it's now up to stephen to make his decision. he tapes his family members and covers their heads with pillowcases before seating them in the living room. he stands in the middle with a rifle and pulls a beanie down over his face. then he spins in a circle and fires the rifle randomly. he does this a few times, only hitting furniture, until the final time, when we see blood begin to stream down from under bob's pillowcase. the last scene shows stephen, anna and kim sitting in the diner. when martin enters and sits at the bar. he then looks at kim. kim looks at him back, and she pours a lot of ketchup in her fries. soon the family gets up and leaves the diner, and kim turns back and stares at martin with a fierce look before exiting. make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. [Music]. you 