well, shiloh, see the heavens. sorry. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host. definition in this video, we're breaking down one of the biggest fan theories that you might have seen surrounding tenet. throughout the movie, neil, played by robert pattinson, seems to know far more than you should. and though the reason for this is revealed at the end, it could go far beyond that. throughout this video, we'll be discussing who we think the character really is and the evidence to prove it. there will be heavy spoilers from here on out. so if you haven't seen the film yet, then i suggest you invert yourself and go back and watch it. if you're still here, then thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of why neil is actually cat's son. okay, so initially, neil just seems like a contact that was randomly assigned to the protagonist to help him with missions. however, the character starts to play his hand more and more throughout the movie, and we realize that he knows far more than he should. he spouts off dialogue about how time invasion works, knows about the grandfather paradox, and always seems to be one step ahead of the game. in the end, it's revealed that the character is actually himself, fully briefed up on exactly what's going on. and we learned that in the future, he was hired by the protagonist before being sent to protect his younger self. it's a twist that, fatefully leads to the character's death. but i actually think there's a lot more going on with him. now, firstly, i just want to shout out will jd11, who first dropped the theory on my tenant, ending explained video. it wasn't something that i caught first watch. however, having gone back to the film a second time, i think it becomes glaringly obvious that this is the case. i'm pretty much sat throughout the second viewing making notes on my phone, which probably ruined the movie for people behind me. but god damn it, this is important work. now, when we first meet neil, he spouts off two lines of dialogue that pretty much cement he's examining what kind of person that the protagonist is. at that point, when talking to him, neil asks, would you take a child hostage? before following this up with what about a woman? it's something that flies by the first time. however, on a second viewing, it becomes clear that he's of course, referring to cat and his son in order to see whether the protagonist would be willing to protect them, or if he would risk their lives. their lives are, of course, paramount to the storyline, but the fact that he asks about the child first could be playing his hand. if neil is really max then he would, of course, have his own interests at heart, and he must be sure that the protagonist is going to do anything he can to protect him, so that he can return the favor when he's older. he also asks about cat, because if this theory is true, and she is his mother, then he would want to protect her too. after cat is shot at the halfway point of the movie, neil takes great care of her and pretty much nurses her back to health, almost going above and beyond what's expected for a field ops member. neil isn't a medic and the fact that he spends so much time with her, when he could have easily just took someone professional along, does hint at what's going on. neil also knows exactly what the protagonist likes to drink. now this is a point that i think can be taken as either he is the son or he isn't. however, it does hint towards their friendship and shows that they've done a lot of things together socially, rather than just as part of a mission. when the protagonist meets the scientists at the start of the movie, she makes it clear that they shouldn't have any chit chat together, and that it's for the best that neither has any idea who the other is. this is reflected in ives 2, who, though a big player, we actually learned very little about. in fact, all of the side characters come across as people that just pop up and interact with the protagonist, but they never learn anything about him, or even his true name. neil. knowing what he likes to drink shows that the two have had a relationship which goes far beyond the mission, and that they were actually friends. the protagonist is, of course, very close to cat at the end of the movie, and he's acting like a guardian angel for her and a child. it is possible, after killing priya and tying up the lastly send, that he decided to step forward and become part of their life. if he was close to cat, he would, of course, become close to her son. and thus neil, or rather max, would get to know him on a personal level. this is actually hinted at by neil at one point in the film when he says to the protagonist, when this is all over, if you still care, you can learn my life's story. again, the agents and tenet know very little things about the other agents, and thus their friendship shows that they have a relationship outside of the trappings of the agency. we learn in the film that neil also has a masters in physics. though we are jumping to conclusions here, this likely means that he took an interest to it early on in his youth in order to study it to that degree. this could have been guided by the protagonist, who is watching over the pair, and likely became part of their life. now one of the biggest hints towards this, i think, comes during the car chase. we hear a radio signal that's pretty much indecipherable. the protagonist says, i thought you spoke estonian, to which neil informs him that though it is estonian, it is, in fact, reversed. now, sato is, of course, estonian himself. and it's actually listed as one of the hardest languages to learn for english speakers. and it's likely that one could only grasp it fully if they were brought up with it. neil is also british, which cat is too. but it does go far beyond that. now, if you're from england, then you'll know that pretty much every city has its own dialect and regional accent. cat meals are very similar, which, to my ears at least, would only happen if the pair lived in the same area. the fact that he has an english accent, which is very similar to cats, and also speaks estonian, which say or of course, does, brings together the link between the two and does point out that he was likely raised by the pair. neil is also very well dressed. this might be a reach, but when cat first meets the protagonist, she remarks on his clothes and can clearly see through his disguise. she states that he doesn't look like a billionaire, even though he's trying to come across like one. she has a passion for fashron as does neil, and if she taught him how to dress, it would explain why he looks so, so bloody fabulous. now, when discussing the film as a whole, and pattinson's character, nolan actually dropped a big hint towards what was going on. in an interview with pink villa, the director stated that neil might actually have multiple identities, and that neil isn't even his real name. but why would he even bother to give a fake one, especially if we know how close that he and the protagonist eventually become? well, if he were to give his real name, which would be max, if this theory is correct, then that would, of course, lead to the protagonist figuring out things early, and thus he might divert from the pre-ordained path that the characters travel on in the film. neil and max also have similar hairstyles, which bit of a reach, a bit of a bit of a reach there, but one of the biggest clues that the pair are actually one in the same pattinson actually dyed his hair for the role, which i can't really see him doing unless there was a specific reason. max is, of course, short for maximilian, and the last four letters of maximilian are leon tenet is of course, obsessed with things reversing. so if we take those letters and reverse them, we then get the name neil, which, yeah, nice little connection there. neil's journey is, of course, just as important as the protagonists, and we learn from priya that the protagonist is actually one of many. so this name flip might highlight how integral to everything that he is. sator's square is, in fact, integral to the movie as well. and in case you don't know, this real-life latin palindrome actually contains several things which are linked to the film. the first line says saito, which is, of course, the name of the film's villain. the second is areppo, which is given as the name of an art dealer. the third is tennis, which are no clues for guessing that one. the fourth is oprah, which is where the initial siege takes place at. and the final word is rotus, which is the name of the security company. now not only is tenet itself a palindrome which connects the words, but the entirety of the words, laid out back to front, also provides a full palindrome sentence in which tenets stands at the middle. so we can take this idea of palindromes and use them on maximilian and neil to enforce the idea that they are one and the same. now i have seen some people say that in order for this theory to be true, then that would mean that max would have to grow to a certain age, say around 20, and then invert and go backwards for an entire 10 years in order to reach the age which neil is in the film. this might be the case, but it's also possible that once he hit a certain age, he grew one year going forward, reversed one year, went forward one year, and so on and so forth, until he was the age that we see him in the film. there's also the possibility that when you invert, your body also goes backwards in time too, so you become slightly younger. so who knows, he might have even reached 40, went back 10 years and then we see him at this age. there's a lot of things that could happen. again, this is just a theory, and knowing how nolan is, will likely never get full confirmation on it. but in conclusion, if this is correct, then neil grew up protected by the protagonist, and over this time, he learned of how he'd saved him and his mother's life when he was younger. the pair formed a friendship together, and neil decided that he would return the favor and go back in time and save the protagonist's life. during the mission, he knew things were at stake and that his sacrifice was of the utmost importance. and thus embarked on his own journey through time in which he would become a crucial cog in the mission, saving not only the protagonist, but the world itself. neil departs the film by saying that this is the end of a beautiful friendship for him, but the start of one for the protagonist. and it is possible that after he took out priya, he went and joined max and cat, and this is what set things off. tenet is getting a lot of criticism at the moment for for not really having interesting characters. but if this is true, then i think the theory makes neil far more engaging as a character. and obviously i'd love to hear your thoughts on whether you agree with me or not. again, there's no right or wrong answers here, and i doubt nolan will ever let us know himself. but we can always talk about it in the comments below. now, if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of how time in the movie works. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us center discord server linked in the description, or, heavy spoilers, on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been definition. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. do 