welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about save yourselves. a prologue states that this was the year the earth was lost. a 30-something millennial couple, sue and jack, decide to disconnect from their internet obsessed and superficial lives in brooklyn by turning off their phones for a weekend and staying at friend's cabin in the woods. as they drive away, objects begin descending from the sky. at the cabin, the couple reconnect with one another, discussing various ways to become better people, such as by baking bread, going vegetarian or starting a community garden. during their stay, jack notices a strange, fuzzy, ottoman-like object sitting in the den and asks sue if it was there when they arrived. but sue ignores it and attempts to have jack do several exercises she wrote down from an online list to help them become closer and more motivated as a couple and as adults. this irritates jack, and the two fight, causing jack to go outside to chop wood. angry at jack, sue secretly turns on her phone and listens to several strange voicemails from her mother about giant rats that consume ethanol infesting new york. before she can listen further, jack returns and sue quickly turns off her phone. jack admits to sue that he feels inadequate as an adult, but is committed to them becoming closer. the couple make up, but in the morning, they realize the sourdough starter and their whiskey bottles are empty and that the fuzzy ball, which they dub up poof, has moved on its own. realizing the starter and the whiskey contain ethanol, sue recalls her mother's voicemails and admits to jack that she broke their disconnecting agreement, but that she thinks the voicemails may be related to what's going on. the two hide upstairs and turn on their phones, learning from various belated voicemails and texts that the poofs are alien invaders that have attacked new york, forcing a mass evacuation, and that the poofs feed on ethanol. they attempt to attack the poof, but it flees using a projectile proboscis. stunned, the couple then find that their phones have lost signal, and make a plan to escape in their car back to the city in hopes of regaining signal and more information about the invasion. however, they find that the poofs have pierced the tank to feed on the ethanol-based fuel, and are forced to use the farm's gasoline tank car, though they struggle to use the stick shift. driving through the woods, they witness a stranded couple get killed by another poof, but throw a bottle of wine off the road as a distraction to lead it away. as they pass, they discover a baby in the stranded truck. deciding that they cannot abandon it, they gather it up, but a woman emerges from the truck's bed and steals their vehicle at gunpoint, stranding them with the baby. with no other options, they take the supplies in the abandoned car and head into the woods. sue becomes despondent, worried about her family and lamenting that they have no life skills to survive the invasion or to offer in any future society. in the wake of the discovery of alien life, they encounter a poof in the woods, and jack blocks it from attacking sue with his own body as it shoots its proboscis at jack numerous times. its proboscis becomes stuck in the baby harness jack is wearing. sue grabs a knife and cuts off the proboscis, killing the poof. jack finds he is unharmed because his cell phone in his shirt pocket protected his heart, touched by one another's willingness to save the other. jack and sue climbed to the lookout point along the trail with the baby and marvel at how they feel more mature and in love compared to how they were when they arrived at the cabin. they commit to marrying one another and intend to raise the baby as their own in the woods, achieving the next steps of their adulthood. sue notices a strange, translucent structure growing out of the ground nearby and investigates. she finds it is some sort of force field, and jack examines it as well. the two then discover that their phones have mysteriously regained signal and immediately check them for information. they become so absorbed in the various videos and content on their phones that they fail to realize the force field has enveloped them in a bubble. unable to break through, they and the baby are carried upwards through the sky. as it climbs higher, the bubble begins releasing oxygen for them. as they break out of the earth's atmosphere, they notice other bubbles carrying people like them. unable to determine what this means, they initially laugh and ask if this means they have been saved. but their faces become uncertain as they float away into space. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music]. you 