[Music]. welcome to the breakdown, when we break down all the messed up stuff. this little movie we have today, I've been sitting on it for a while because I'm very sensitive when it comes to little ass kids. now, this short film isn't too bad, but it deals with a topic that's even relevant today. now, when I was in high school, some paramedics came in once to share stories and pictures of [ __ ] up car accidents they came upon. if you seen videos by corpse husband narrating EMT police officers stuff, it's kind of like that, except with me and my peers, we saw actual gore [ __ ] after that, I was driving with ultimate safety. I bet back in 1964, some kids built like how I did, when they saw this public service announcement, which dramatizes two young girls who mistakenly followed behind a seemingly nice man, only to meet their end. the reason why it can be a bit scarring is because it actually shows crime-scene photos and footage of real-life girls who were murdered. I'm not gonna show that to y'all. I'll just blurt but this little movie is something I've been wanting to talk to y'all about. keep in mind, everything is dramatized, so don't take my dialogue too serious. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up part, stay tuned for the breakdown. cue, to go home. [Music], the child molester starts out with one girl, marry, being like the embodiment of all children. she's carefree and curious, but also pretty naive. that's not a bad quality. it's just the quality that has gotten some people into unfavorable situations. a man walks up to her holding a bag of candy. as soon as Mary, get some. genie here just ran out of nowhere. this girl's so fake. as soon as she saw candy, she wanted to act like, hey, what's up Mary? I'm just kidding. she's just a kid. Mary's like, I guess she has some. she's my friend. keep in mind how the man sounds like [ __ ] Superman here. Mary, what are you doing? just put it in your pocket. the man leaves. the girl is by saying that there's more candy in the car, whatever. but they run into Kathi here, and the man asked Cathy if she wants some. and Cathy says, so softly, no, I gotta go home. yeah, cuz getting candy prevents you from going home. I'm kidding guys. Cathy represents the child who did the correct thing. don't be lured in by adults you don't know. as they enter the man's car, a parent watching our children notices the situation. she lets us know soon enough that it must be nothing damn exaggerated ass history on the gas acting she look like, I don't know, Devine the drag queen. and this, ladies and gentlemen, is a dissolve. and then another song. this woman is the mother of Jeannie. she's worried, sick because her daughter isn't home yet, and cause Mary's carefree mom, who suggests that they could be anywhere. are there your house? spin? are they here? getting a coke? Oddie at the library, of course. Dean in the library. the [ __ ] who goes to the playground in the library, the kids ass will be going, mister. and his, you'll see, response is a reminder saying, we [ __ ] up. then the narrator shows Cathy going home like, Cathy's been taught this and taught that. you know how he talked back then get off Cathy sack, real talk, I think. the narrator, kind of a weirdo to listen, that's the kind she wanted for Christmas. if she had it, she could join Jeannie and Mary when they play with their dog. what does that have to do with anything? narrator, why is Cassie imagining this? go home already like this. ADR could have matched up better in case she went here. she said she has to tell mommy about that man. meanwhile, in the car, Mary scared shitless. now she's like, it's my money and I want it. now, that's a reference. she said, I want to go home. what is Jeannie doing? your friend is in danger. look at her. Jeannie, stop. where are you going, you fake-ass snake. I'm kidding guys. she's a kid. but Jeannie activated Tomb Raider mode. the man carries Mary with him in the chase for Jeannie, and soon they both get running. meanwhile, both sets of parents tell the police the information they need to know. click Seen. but I'm more interested in seeing where this chase is going. the cops consider witnesses. the woman who witnessed the girls get in the car didn't even reveal that she saw that exact scene when she was on the phone with the parents. the other witness is Kathy, who told her mom about the stranger. meanwhile, it seems that the life of Mary and Jeannie comes to an end, and soon she gets caught by that man. Kathy reveals the playground encounter to the cops and the parents, and Mary's mom's like, why my child? why not any other how about no child at all? even weirder is that she reveals her daughter knows all about sex. she knows all about how babies are made and whatever. I've never discussed such things with my people. I guess they just assumed I figured it out on my own. but Mary's mom had that conversation early, but she never told her about the sick and perverted. she's like, why my child and not Kathy? Kathy and her mom and dad with the Vegeta hair line, flex their status as good teachers. the film lets you know that child molesters can be anybody, and just gives arbitrary examples of proper education regarding molesters, even just general safety tips like look both ways. and even right now, license plate numbers of Bish's people. this whole later half of the short announcement gives tips on staying safe. a few minutes of instruction could save you a lifetime of grief like with Mary and Jeannie's parents are going through. so blurtin egg scenes because they show real deceased girls. this isn't Mary or Jeannie. it's two girls killed in 1962. both seem to have extensive head injuries. in a description, you can check out a link to read up on this crime. the movie ends showing footage of police officers putting a body on the stretcher. and also, a shoe floats down a nearby pond. so this was shown to little as kids, kids in elementary school, and it wouldn't show up for very long because of it. that's because kids were unprepared and viewing the graphic crime-scene photo is presented at the end of the movie. I remember when I was younger, I was haunted from viewing Jack the Ripper in Night Stalker crime-scene photos, and I'd still be right now. they probably didn't need to show those photos at the end, but regardless, seeing even a dramatization of children not being able to live any longer because of sick people is quite disturbed. so now that we got through this movie. let's talk about the most disturbed moment and most enjoy a moment, and that spooky stuff. [Music]. so y'all know me, I don't particularly care about how good a movie is regarding acting or cinematography or whatever. but this film didn't mention one aspect of molesting. I guess you would say, if you look at most of the films on this channel, or even most movies on TV, and cases in real life, most molesters are actually people that are quite close to us, people we are supposed to trust. the movie didn't mention anything regarding that, other than being careful around strangers. that's just my two cents. the mostest third moment is the reveal of the crime scene photos that they all want to see that for yourself, just type the film title and Google Images, I guess. but yes, anything to do with real life has me turning away. most enjoy moment was Vegeta hair line. all of you guys enjoyed this video. for some more dramatic cases similar to this, you might want to check out no child or mine, or an American crime, perhaps. both movies show how people we trust can be our own worst enemies, thanks for watching. spooky out 