welcome to the man of recaps. this is His Dark Materials, episode 4. guess what time it is? it's lin-manuel Miranda in a hot-air balloon. time he's playing the Texan least scores. be an aeronaut with his own balloon and a cute rabbit demon. the Egyptians have made it north to trolland sin. they're trying to get help from the witches. apparently, fodder chorim used to date one, so he's got the inn. he and ira talk about how she reads the ilithyia meter. I'm right out in the open. yeah, yeah, put that thing away. they go see this dude who is the witch's console. apparently he's the only one who can contact them, so they need to win this guy over first. he wants to see Lyra's Alethea murder - and even though he's got a snake demon, she seems to trust him. as a test, he wants her to pick out which one of these bottles of twigs will summon the specific witch, Serafina Pecola. I'm not sure that's how the elite the ometer works, like how she's gonna get a symbol to specifically point - uh-oh, she did it. yeah. okay, never mind. as a reward, he gives her a magical quest item, a bottle of empty air. the twigs are for calling the witches, and the air will just like, summon her to you right away in case of emergency. then he sent him on the next quest. they have to recruit the armored bear, Yorick burn in sin unfortunately, York is currently an unarmed ER to bear. we learned more about it from Lee Scoresby, - who was once his friendly Scoresby busts into the saloon like, hey, who here's seen an armored bear? no one's talking. so he picks a fight. it's kind of funny cuz his rabbits, they're calling out the shots while he's doing the fighting. and, you have to be honestly, kind of gets his butt kicked. but he did steal everyone's wallet during the fight, so I guess that was his plan. he goes to see the Port Authority, who is Dudley Dursley from Harry Potter, by the way. long story short, the Magisterium tricked him out of it to keep him here as an indentured servant. now at the Magisterium, mrs. Coulter's having a meeting with the cardinal. we met him once before. he's the guy who, like, is super hunched over for no apparent reason. and he seems to be the highest level guy that we've seen so far. he tries to fire mrs. Coulter because she's tried too much attention to the ablation board and with the ransacking of the college. but she's like, uh, uh. you can't fire me. I got a trick up my sleeve. I have Lord Asriel captive. now, the Magisterium really wants Lord Asriel cuz, you know, he's a big deal, heretic. plus, I think they want to know, like, what he knows about dust in other worlds. and turns out she doesn't have him personally, but another armored bear took him prisoner, and she's manipulating him. her bear friend is the current king ragnar. he's got like, a golden bear skull helm. it's pretty hardcore. he owes her cuz she helped his rise to power. and she offers him a baptism, which apparently is super cool for him. he'd be the first bear ever in the Magisterium. so, you know, he's happy. to help her out with Lord Asriel in exchange for Lord Asriel. besides just keeping her job, she wants to ask a question of the Magisterium. zhilie Fiamma Tarr. it's just super nerdy guy who knows how to read it. then mrs. Coulter's question is, who is it's like, oh, you know her. she's your daughter. what do you want me to say? but we've heard a few times that Lyra, it might be the child of some prophecy. so I assume that's what she's trying to get at. Lord boreal. also sees nerdy Alethea meter guy. turns out he's got some dirt on him, implies that he knows he's gay. he wants the Alethea meter to tell him how he can find out what Gruman discovered. he's trying to get all the knowledge about parallel worlds. Lyra meets up with Li Scoresby and eats all his bacon. she basically gets the story that if York has his armor back, he'd be happy to come along on her adventure with there she goes to see Yorick. like, hey, I can find out where your armor is, by the way. he can't just make more armor out of this metal cuz it's hit up trash. so she pulls out her Alethea meter phone and just googles it real quick. yeah, it turns out the armors here in town, it's right up in the church. so it's polar bear rampage time. bursts in there, comes out with, boom, full set of armor. it seems like it leaves a lot uncovered, but somehow these guys can't hit them. they're an armored bear. Takes these guys all-out. so Lyra comes back to the Egyptian's like, what's up? I recruited us an armored bear plus a dude with a hot air balloon. questionably, is useful. so our party is headed north. gotta go find those missing children and kick some butt. [Music]. 