hello and welcome to movies in five minutes or less. this is a recap of the 2017 action movie kingsman, the golden circle, starring taryn edgerton and colin firth. warning, spoilers ahead. one year after defeating richmond valentine, gary eggsy onward has officially joined kingsman. he has taken his late mentor, harry hart's position of galahad and lives in harry's old house. exe is dating tilda, the crown princess of sweden, whom he saved from valentine in the first movie. on his way home from the kingsman taylor shop, exe is ambushed by charlie hesketh. charlie is a failed kingsman candidate who suffered injuries to his right arm and vocal cords during the valentine incident. eggsy loses charlie and his henchman in a car chase across london. however, charlie severed cybernetic arm hacks into the kingsman servers through the computer in eggsy's car. while exe dines with his girlfriend, tilda and her family in sweden, a volley of missiles destroys the kingsman headquarters and wipes out eggsy's best friend, roxy and all kingsman agents in britain. the only two surviving agents of the attack are iggsy and his colleague, merlin. they make contact with statesman, the american counterpart of kingsman, by following the doomsday protocol in the statesman headquarters in kentucky. exe and merlin discover that harry is still alive, as he survived the gunshot by valentine. harry is in good physical health, but suffers from an amnesia that can be cured only by reliving a traumatic event. champagne, the chief of the statesman, briefed sexy and merlin about a hidden terrorist organization known as the golden circle. statesman agent tequila develops a blue rash and displays signs of mania, and is eventually replaced as eggsy's partner by another agent, whiskey. eggsy manages to plant a tracking device inside charlie haskett's ex-girlfriend clara, during a sexual encounter at glastonbury festival. however, eggsy is estranged from tilda after telling her beforehand what he has to do. after several fruitless attempts to recover harry's amnesia. eggsy brings in a yorkshire terrier puppy that looks just like harry's late dog, mr pickle, and threatens to shoot it, causing harry to relive the final test of his kingsman training in which he was ordered to shoot his dog. this triggers the return of harry's memories. poppy adams is the head of world's largest drug cartel, the golden circle. she sends out a message announcing that she has added a toxin to all of her drugs, causing users to experience symptoms similar to tequila's before succumbing to paralysis and death. she demonstrates the antidote on a captive elton john, and offers it to the world if u.s president ends the drug war and grants her cartel immunity from prosecution. the president publicly negotiates, but secretly plans to let the infected die because he is willing to eliminate all drug users, rendering poppy's business useless. many victims, including fox, who is chief of staff, are quarantined in a stadium and left to die there. after intercepting a phone call from clara to charlie, eggsy, harry and whiskey travel to italy to the antidote factory. during an ambush by the golden circle's henchmen, eggsy manages to steal an antidote sample, but it is broken by whiskey. during the gunfight, harry shoots whiskey in the head because he suspects him of being a double agent. but eggsy saves whiskey with the same alpha gel that saved terry. tilda calls eggsy in a manic state and reveals that she has the blue rashes before collapsing. poppy's hideout, poppy land, is discovered in cambodia, and eggsy, harry and merlin fly there to steal the remote control for the antidote drones. eggsy steps on a landmine when they arrive at poppyland, but merlin saves him by sacrificing himself and taking the lair's guards with him. eggsy and harry storm through the lair, with eggsy killing charlie. harry destroys poppy's robotic guard dogs with the help of elton john. they take poppy's laptop, which controls the drones that can deliver the antidote around the world and inject her with a concentrated dose of her toxin mixed with heroin to dull her senses and lower her guard. poppy, who is delirious, gives them the antidote laptop password, but dies from an accidental overdose. whiskey interrupts exe and harry before they can deploy the drones. he reveals that his wife was pregnant with their son when she was killed by two drug users years ago. the incident caused whiskey wanting all drug users to die. eggsy and harry engage whiskey in a fight at poppy's diner before forcing him through poppy's meat grinder. they then activate the antidote drones worldwide, saving millions of lives. following the incident, the president is impeached and arrested. statesman has purchased a distillery in scotland to aid in the rebuilding of kingsman. champagne offers either eggsy or harry the agent title of whiskey to avoid confusion with two kingsman agents using the codename galahad. but they decline. statesman tech support. ginger ale steps in to fill the role. tequila moves to london to work for kingsman and eggsy marries princess tilda. thanks for watching movies in five minutes or less. don't forget to subscribe to our channel. till next time 