[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going to keep Overlord company with a fresh new group of Nazi super soldiers in the 1974 film shockwaves. let's get to it. we open with some fairly direct expositional narration. it basically lays out plot points surprisingly similar to what we discovered an overlord super soldier program, mix of science and magic, source of power originating from below the earth, etc. we then transition to ROS taking a little boat about in ending up adrift in the stinging. she's helped by a small seafaring vessel, but nearly pulls them overboard due to a misunderstanding what she then takes over the narration duties, confirming that she had blocked out the memory of how she got to this point until now. and this is that story. she was on a diving boat touring the islands, but the boat had an annoying habit of breaking down until it leaves without her. oh good. she teleported back on board. at the helm, the captain and his skipper, Keith, are having a conversation about navigation when they find themselves under the strange light of the blood Sun, localized to their area of the ocean in complete defiance of how Suns work. at any rate, this creates unrest in the murky depths that night, the passengers are somewhat angsty about the engine troubles and substandard navigation. they talk about what they've witnessed, which isn't exactly clear to us either. Keith is trying to keep his bearings in the still darkness of the night, when there's another disturbance, this one taking the form of a large freighter bearing down on them. the collision wreaks havoc on deck and gets everyone both arguing about whether or not anything happened, which it clearly did, and what it was. the next morning, they sight both land and the ghost ship no longer mobile. the captain is missing and they've run aground. so they have little choice but to row to shore. Chuck climbs a tree for some delicious coconuts and sees a building in the distance. meanwhile, norman in beverly go in a sea siding tour in their glass-bottom dinghy Khujo. the group treks to the building, hoping to find help. they wander among the palm fronds while we get a close-up of another watery disturbance, this one in the form of boots. oh, and they're attached to a fine Aryan fellow the group meets the sole inhabitant of the hotel of solitary, eccentric, who talks in riddles. where are you sweet? they feel each other out a bit, and he gets cagey about the talk of a ghost ship and runs off to bear witness himself. that evening, they enjoy an adult slumber party, complete with smoking, drinking, nothing else. the next morning finds Dobbs dried out and upset that others may have expectations of him. the surly seaman storms off and Huff to gather some supplies through the mud bog why exactly? he's surprised by a shadowy figure. he gets ambushed by these spiny urgence. keith demonstrates how badly he needs the structure of a daily schedule. as he wanders aimlessly toward no helpful goal. he spies the commander and catches up with him. fix your boat, man. the commander recommends they leave soon before the message can be relayed. Rose goes for a relaxing swim in the swamp. she practices her strokes in the urchin infested waters, eventually doing a dead man's float, right into a dead man. this turns out to be Dobbs loaded corpse adorned with a piece of Nazi memorabilia, a new and intriguing mystery that lasts about five seconds. not sure what it is, but the hotel feels somewhat less welcoming. upon their return, the commander fills in the gaps. he led a band of water-based super soldiers. he was ordered to remove them due to their erratic and dangerous behavior. when the war ended, he sank the ship and exiled himself, spending the rest of his life digging holes for pooping into eating coconuts. now forced to leave, the group heads to the water and snacks a boat, while the commander attempts to command his troops. unfortunately, they've grown feral in the intervening years and ignore him to practice their coordinated mine routine. they work on getting out of there, while Norman continues to be a belligerent. [ __ ]. the commander is pulled under while the survivors pedal downstream. but these crafty suckers cruise underwater like crocodiles. when they hit a sandbar, they're forced to hop out. Beverly is an imperiled and they have to address her safety. now alone on the boat, Rose gets Tommy Boyd and the boat sails off. now unencumbered by idiots, they split up and run through the woods. Norman ignores the ageless advice about walking down to the water's edge, and since they've done it before, they freely do it again. when Rose's attacked, she finds fashion to be their only weakness, as they can't bear being seen without their welding goggles, causing this one to lay down and pout incessantly. no, they all managed to make it inside and plan to camp out in the walk-in. the soldiers get inside the hotel and get mad. damn it. the stress eventually gets to everyone, as Chuck also gets ding ding Diddley mad as well. Chuck ends up absolutely losing his [ __ ]. in a claustrophobic panic. they agreed to let him out, but he selfishly tries to take the flashlight. Keith closes the door on his arm, injuring him, and he shoots off the flare gun, forcing them out and blinding Beverly. Chuck runs off and ends up in a pool, surrounded by soldiers, he makes a pretty decent go of it, but ends up drowning slowly as a familiar pattern emerges. meanwhile, Keith and Rose have ditched Beverly and snuggled up in a cozy boiler. the next morning, Beverly heroes annoys outside. she calls out and then proceeds to open the door, despite the lack of a hollaback. Keith and Rose go to find Beverly, who's now missing. at least we know they didn't drown. oh, come on, so I guess just go stand on top of a hill where they can't drown you. they instead make a final attempt to escape via water. when it's made abundantly clear that Keith is not gonna make it, Rose paddles on, but only after coming face-to-face with what she's done. and the rest we know. so we find her at the hospital, skin utterly destroyed by the lack of sunscreen, journaling in bed, apparently having stroked out at some point. and that was shock waves, a movie that I realized at the end has a surprising lack of screaming in it, despite the unspeakable Nazi Horrors. anyway, if you are subscribed, I'd love for you to be a part of the channel. I hope you enjoyed the video, and thanks for watching. 