[Music], years after the Battle of sokovia, Thor has been unsuccessfully searching for the Infinity stones, and is now imprisoned by the fire demon Surtur. searcher reveals that Thor's father, Odin, is no longer on Asgard, and that the realm will soon be destroyed in the prophecy - Ragnarok. once searcher unites his crown with the eternal flame that burns in Odin's vault, Thor defeats Surtur and claims his crown. believing he has prevented Ragnarok, Thor returns to Asgard to find his brother Loki. posing as Odin, Thor forces Loki to help him find their father, and with the directions from Stephen strange on earth, they locate Odin in Norway. Odin explains that he is dying and that his passing will allow his firstborn child, hella, to escape from a prison she was sealed in. long ago, hella had been the leader of Asgard's armies and had conquered the nine realms with Odin. but she had been imprisoned and written out of history after odin feared that she'd become too ambitious Odin subsequently dies, and hella, released from her imprisonment, appears. she destroys Thor's hammer, Mjolnir, and when Thor and Loki attempt to flee through the Bifrost bridge, she pursues them and forces them out into space to die. hello arrives in Asgard, destroying its army and killing the warriors three resurrects the ancient dead who once fought with her, including her giant wolf Fenris, and appoints the Asgardian scourge as her executioner. she plans to use the Bifrost to expand Asgard's empire, but Heimdall covertly steals the sword that controls the bridge and hides away with the rest of Asgard citizens. Thor crash-lands on Sekar, a garbage planet surrounded by wormholes. a slave trader named scrapper one for two, subdues him with an obedience disk and sells him to serve as a gladiator for the planets ruler, the Grand Master with whom Loki has already become friendly with. Thor recognizes one for two as one of the Valkyrie, a legendary force of female warriors who were killed defending Asgard from hell. along ago, Thor is forced to compete in the grandmasters contest of Champions, facing his old friend Hulk. summoning lightning, Thor gets the upper hand on Hulk, but the Grandmaster sabotages the fight to ensure Hulk's victory. still enslaved, Thor attempts to convince Hulk and 142 to help him save Asgard, but neither is willing. he soon manages to escape the palace, finds the Quinjet that brought halt. Disick our Hulk follows Thor to the Quinjet, where a recording of natasha romanoff makes him transform back into Bruce Banner for the first time since sokovia. the Grandmaster orders 142 and Loki to find Thor and Hulk, but the pair come to blows, and Loki forces her to relive the deaths of her fellow Valkyr at the hands of hella. deciding to help Thor, she takes Loki captive to prove her good will. unwilling to be left behind, Loki provides the group with the means to steal one of the Grandmaster ships. they then liberate the other gladiators, who led by Korg and the meek stage a revolution. Loki attempts to again betray his brother to gain a reward from the Grandmaster. but Thor anticipates this and leaves him behind, where Korg and the gladiators soon find him. Thor banner and 142 escaped through a wormhole to Asgard, where helis forces are attacking Heimdall and Asgard citizen for the sword that controls the Bifrost. banner becomes Hulk again, fighting Fenris. Loki and the gladiators arrived to help, and the citizens board their large ship. a repentant scourge sacrifices himself to allow their escape. Thor, facing hella, losses his right eye and then has a vision of Odin that helps him realize only Ragnarok can stop her. while Ella is distracted, Loki locates Searchers crown and places it in the eternal flame. surger is reborn and destroys Asgard, seemingly killing hella. Thor and the others escape with Asgard's remaining citizens aboard the grandmasters vessel. thor, crowned king, decides to take his people to Earth. in a mid-credits scene, they are intercepted by a large spacecraft in a post-credits scene, the Grandmaster encounters a group of his former subjects who are still rebelling. [Music], you 