welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition, aka, how erotic. and Tiger King is the craziest show that Netflix has ever made. we follow Tiger king Joe exotic, who is a mullet having, gay polygamist, reality TV star, country singing voice of an angel having presidential candidate that used to be the manager and owner of GW Zoo. Joe was married to two men at the same time, both of which turned out to be straight, and one who accidentally shot himself whilst playing with a gun. he did have, he didn't have beautiful balls though. hashtag squad goals with Joe. they work at the zoo, which specialises in big cats such as lions, tigers and bears. oh my, not that last one. and here, they used to feed the animals with meat from a Walmart bin and live in caravans owned by Joe. Joe paid very little, so they couldn't really leave. it wasn't all bad though, as some of the staff were literally giving an arm and a leg to work there. so I'm sure that they all had a job that they can look back on and cry. Joe started making a name for himself, and slowly rivalry started with another zoo called the big cat rescue were run by Caroll Baskin. this is Carol Baskin. this is her current husband. and this isn't even the top 10 weirdest things in the show. not me proudest one. Carol was married to a man named Don Lewis that went missing after signing over all of his belongings to Carol and pretty much leaving a paper trail that said, Carol murdered me. Carol started trying to bring Joe down, and eventually the two and head2head, leading to a bigger mystery then. who is a host in Westworld? I'm gonna tell my kids that this is the man in black. it really is an absolutely crazy premise to start the show off with. and when you sat six hours into this documentary, you're so used to things being absolutely mental that you don't even realize this guy with more teeth than brain cells has been sat with his shirt off the entire time. Tiger King is one of those shows that comes along once in a blue moon, and it reminds you why it's not a good idea for cousins to date. it really is one of the weirdest things I've ever watched. and it ensures that I'll never be canceling my Netflix subscription again. now, in the backdrop of the show, whilst all this is going on, Joe is in the midst of filming a reality TV show. and it's at this point that I think the real Joe, whoever that may be, gets taken over by an evil entity known as the tiger King. the tiger King is like the part of your brain that comes out on a Friday night after you've had a couple of drinks, you know, the one where you don't give a crap about anything anymore, and start texting that girl you met four years ago in a bar, saying that you would spend 10 years in isolation just to be in the same room that she once farted in. yep, that guy. so that guy takes over Joe, and slowly he starts to obsess over Carol, much in the same way that she starts to obsess over him. now, if I was gonna choose a nemesis, it would definitely be a woman that I believe got away with murder. Tiger king and Carol go head-to-head for many years, and eventually Tiger King ends up copying her to try and gain more views to his stuff. and he calls his company Big Cat Rescue Entertainment. that reminds me, yeah, make sure you follow my second channel, new rock stars entertainment. Carol doesn't like this, and rightly so, because she had to literally kill to set this company up. and she sends the lawyers after him, which leads the character, I mean King, being sued for $1,000,000. realizing he's in a lot of trouble, tiger King puts everything in his mother's name so that she ends up getting the debt and going bankrupt. I mean, well, I was wondering what to get my mother for Mother's Day, so I might as well hand in new rock stars entertainment over to her. enjoy. enjoy the lawsuit. tiger King realizes that he's probably said a lot of stupid stuff on camera, but luckily for him, the shed with all of the footage in it burns up in a mysterious explosion. he was out of town when all this went on, though, and he's not the type of guy that would pay someone to do anything bad, so it definitely wasn't him. so he shows up in the air and he's getting sued for a hefty amount of YouTube views. luckily, though, along comes on next character, I mean person, Jeff Lowe, a millionaire that strangled his first wife for a mistress that would end up becoming his second wife. Jeff and his wife were swingers that entice beautiful women into their hotel rooms with pictures of Tigers. that's the sound of a million people photoshopping a curb into their profile picture. jeff is living proof that money really does buy happiness. and he becomes friends with Joe, even offering to bail him out of the trouble that he's in with Carol. now there's a lot of things that go on in between all of this, but the most important thing to learn is, if your wife is pregnant and you need a babysitter, then you want to get one that's not too bad to look at. Jeff ends are pretty much managing the zoo himself. and because he's the one with the money, it's not too long before the tiger King ends up doing everything that he says, including handing the zoo over to him. now we don't know if this next bit definitely happened or not, but it is thought that Jeff and Co ended up realizing that there was a bike lane that Carol used to ride along beside a sanctuary. now I'm not saying that this is what happened, but allegedly they decided that one day she might be riding along that and if someone was accidentally sitting at the end of it with their gun and that went off, well, accidents do happen. I mean, look at how I was conceived. so there's a plot to kill Carol, and tag I didn't even mention the biggest part. at this point, Joe is running for governor of Oklahoma in the hopes of being president one day. now count yourself lucky, America, because if this documentary had a read in 2016, then this is the guy that you would have ended up with. instead, you got someone totally but never mind the Oklahoma sexual it doesn't eventually end up in a position of power. but the federal government do end up spying on him, so I guess, I guess he is with the government in some way. anyway, Joe tries to hire one of Jeff's friends to kill Carol, but instead he takes the money, travels out to where she lives and parties like they've just made it legal to marry a sister. so we pretty much have a smoking gun, a paper trail that ties everything back to Joe, who isn't going to live happily ever after with his new husband. looking at Joe right now, this got this guy had three husbands that aren't Ewing gay and I've cut a corn even get a text back. anyway, Jeff and Coe throw Joe under the bus and he's sent to jail. he still maintains that it was Jeff that did it, but we don't know for definite. now, Jeff did get another business partner that fell out with him. and the show ends with the notion that there may be a federal investigation going against Tim. I hope not, though, because his nanny needs good references for when I have a baby. but where is everyone now? well, Jo was sentenced to 22 years in prison this January. this was because of the murder-for-hire plot against Carol Baskin. but it's not all bad, as car EB recently started GoFundMe to help him win his freedom. yay. jo has filed a 94 million dollar lawsuit against the government, and he also wishes to receive a presidential pardon? I wouldn't hold your breath though. I don't even think the guy can spell his own name. Carroll itself is publicly stated that she's very angry with how the documentary has come across. as she initially thought it would be an exposure of Gio's mistreatment of animals and exploiting big cats for nefarious purposes. she says that it's been transformed into a sensational story line to draw viewers in, and that a husband's bones are buried in the way. I mean, she didn't catch she didn't kill her husband. she just wants to make that clear. Carol's new husband stuck up for her and said that in the 15 years they've been married, they haven't had an argument. and Carol told him to say that, I'm just kidding, Carol, I love you. I don't think you did it. Finn, who was at one point Jo's husband, has had his teeth fixed. so at least someone ended up happy. Rick Kirkham, who was originally the brain behind Joe show, walked away from it a better man and now lives in Norway with his wife. as for Jeff, how low can you go? he and his wife, Lauren, are still setting up their zoo, which they plan to open this year. but of course, due to lock downs at the moment, this may be pushed back. they now live with their nanny, who has become part of the family. and I've gotta get me a million dollars somehow. overall, everyone is living there. hashtag, best life. and if you're one of the people who decided to watch this video without actually seen the show itself, then I highly recommend that you check it out. it's difficult to put into words just how bonkers it is, but if 2020 could be summed up in a person, it would definitely be Joe exotic. he'll make you laugh. he'll make you cry. his friends will make you go to the dentist more. and overall, I feel like a better person for watching it. if you stuck in lockdown, then you definitely need to check this out, because it reminds us, hey, it could be worse. this could be happening, which prayin ever does. because god damn. overall, Tiger King is incredible. it's perfect. its Citizen Kane level, parasite level, the greatest documentary of our times, and that's why it gets a 10 out of 10 yeah, maybe that is a bit too much. I mean, this guy did talk about how his husband used to put his balls in his face at his funeral. and anyway, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on Tiger King, if you enjoyed it, or if you binge through it too quickly and now have nothing to watch for the next 5 years of self-isolation, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our breakdown of Westworld, season 3, episode 3, which is gonna be linked at the end. we go over the big theories in the show, so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it, mister. thank you. you get access to content early. you want to come chat us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people I subscribe to the channel. and this month he can win the Star Wars Skywalker saga box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video and make sure you serve with notifications on the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 15th of April, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to Definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 