welcome to the man of recaps. Game of Thrones, Season 5 starts with big, bad daddy Tywin Lannister, dead after Tyrion gang style cross bottom. last season. he had a rough voyage across the Narrow Sea, but he rallies and keeps drinking because he's a champion beerus has taken him to marine to help advise Daenerys. he's been on Team Khaleesi all along in marine, unsullied, getting their throats cut by the master. assistance group, the sons of the harpy. Lenny mo Kravitz, wants to reopen the fighting pits. and the dragons are still at Duff because she can't control him, especially drogon, who's not locked up. he goes where he wants. he's a boss. Jon Snow at the wall, befriends Ollie the cupid, shot his girlfriend. list season, he's a sexy elevator ride with Melisandre and talked to Stannis the Mantis, who wants the wildlings to fight for him. so he has. John talked to Mance Rayder, king-beyond-the-wall, get him to bend the knee. but mance is like, I have a medical condition. my knees literally do not Bend. so they burn him at the stake. Johnson, oh, shoot some the heart though, cuz he's a true bro. Arya makes it to Braavos, go in the house of black and white to find her assassin friend, Jack in the GAR and said she finds old Sam Jackson's surprise is Jack in the gar machine rolls on face, changing assassin school. but she's still a freshman, so she stuck sweeping the floor since. and Littlefinger at the Vale with the little brat. Lord, they go on a trip, and I spotted by Brienne and pod Riaan immediately pledges their services, but sense is like, girl, I don't know, you saw a fight breaks out, and the cheese breaks out, and Brianna's got to kill a guy. now, it's a snake in a box. what is this? this is a threat from door. and that's my sellers necklace. she was shipped down there. and season two, to marry the prince. so Jamie finds his best friend. bran is like, we're going on a bro road trip down to rescue her. oberyn's girlfriend wants to kill her to Prevention's but over and further, Duran. Duran is like, we built Turk little girls in Dorne. now to Winterfell. it's under Bolton management, which means 100% increase in flames. Roose is like, your ramsay, to solidify our claim, I'm gonna marry you. to Sansa Stark, since it knows this is a bad idea, that Littlefinger somehow talks her into it. so he's doing an alliance with Roose. but he reveals to Sansa he was really playing all sides, cuz Stannis the madness is coming to conquer - and his play is to make Jon Snow. Jon stark lourve link to Felsen, the North Awards will rally to him. but John's like, Mirai, swore a vow to the Nights Watch. so he declines. oh, hi. so the Nights Watch is electing a new Lord Commander. it's gonna be Alistair thorn. but then Sam's like, hey, Johnson, main character, we should elect him. and they do. Janus Linds like, I don't respect your authority. so just like, fine. bringing my sword off with your head. so Stannis leaves Wally marches on Winterfell. he's gonna recon Curt from the Bolton's get the other northern Lords on his side. but first, Melisandre stops by Jon Snow's room and is like, hey, here's my boobs. give me a shadow, baby. Jon Snow does turn it down, though, probably a good call down in King's Landing, Tommen and Margaery have a boring wedding where nobody dies. they do consummate it though, which Atomics happy about. she wants him to send Cersei back to Casterly Rock to get her out of her hair. but Sir, she's not having any of this. she's still running things on the small council. her uncle, diet Tywin wants to help, but she's like, no, I don't need your help. so he goes away. the High Septon is in a brothel in this new group of religious Mattox bustin and make him do a naked walk of shame through the streets. sir. she goes to tuck their leader, the high Sparrow, who seems like a nice guy. she seems like, oh, I'm gonna use you for operation Terrell takedown. first, I'm gonna send mace Tyrell make a master of coin. sent him to Bravo's to meet with the iron bank. and it's in Meryn Trant within. that will matter later. then she rearm zap faith militant. so they go on a rampage to the streets, busting up the things. and she tells them that Loras Tyrell is gay. so they go to arrest him. one of them is Lancel Lannister, by the way. that's her cousin that she was sleeping with and sees do up to kill the king. yeah, so this definitely won't come back to bite her. so marjorie's like, Tommen released my brother from prison. so he marches down there, but this guy stands in a way, scarily, so he chickens out. now, tyrion and varys go to a brothel. they find a great Daenerys cosplayer and Jorah Mormont, who's drinking his sorrows away. remember, he was banished last season. so Tyrians taking a piss and Jorah kidnaps even is like, hey, I'm taking you to marine to give to Daenerys. and turns iclal funny story about that. in marine, Theriot is hunting down sons of the harpy who are an Frankie. they want to give him a fair trial, but Danny's ex slave advisors like, no, we should just kill him. so he does. and Denny has to execute her loyal slave adviser, which starts off class warfare in the city. and the sons of the harpy ambushed some great worms there. he's getting stabbed, but then Barristan the bold comes to save the day. and he's cutting them all down because he's a great fighter. but there's too many. he stabbed, embarrassed and dies. gray room does survived, though, and he and Miss Anne, they do still have a romance, aren't going anyway. Daenerys, friends of all the great masters, feeds one toward dragons, like, yeah, that'll teach you. but then she's like, okay, I'm gonna make peace. so I'm gonna marry Lenny Moe Kravitz and reopen the fighting pits. so Joran tyrion are on a boat, sailing through the ruins. they have a dragon sighting, and then they're attacked by Stoneman. yes, these people have greyscale. that's what Stannis is daughter, Shireen has, but a more advanced case. anyway, ones dragging Tyrion down into the depths to drown. but no, he's fine. Jorah, though, did get touched, so he's infected, and like a douche, she never tells anyone. they're captured by slavers who want to kill Tyrion. but he talks his way out of it, basically by telling them he has a big, magical dick. he convinces them to sell Jarrah to the newly opened fighting pits of murine. so once again, he's been kidnapped, but is still heading to the same place. they start in the minor league ladder pits. but for some reason, Daenerys happens to be there. so Jorah make sure he beats up everybody so he can say, hey, Khaleesi. and she's like, Lowell, didn't I banish you he's like, look, I got your dwarf. it's Tyrion Lannister. she's like, what is going on? okay, I'm gonna make Tyrion my new advisor. I'm gonna banish Drori again. and so he goes and sells himself back into slavery, because Yolo LeBron. Jamie makes it to Dorne. they run into some trouble, so Jamie has to test out his left-handed fighting skills, which are not good. but he survives. these are the sand snakes. they're oberyn's daughters, and they want to kidnap my sell it to get vengeance for their father, because they let vengeance to my cell is very happy with their hot Dornish boyfriend. but Uncle Jamie comes to spoil the fun, and the Teenage Mutant Ninja San snakes come at the same time. so a little fight breaks out. bran gets cut, and the black axe guy comes and is like, no more fighting. so Jimmy meets with Prince stranger, and it's like, no, I'm not gonna press charges. in fact, I'll let you take my cell, I take my son Trey, and put them on the small - Bronson the dungeons with the sand snakes. knife snake shows him her boob, which is so nice that it kills him. not really, he was poison from the knife, but she gives him the antidote because she thinks he's cute. back in King's Landing, Loras gets a gay pretrial where he's like, I'm not gay. and Marjorie's like, no, he's not gay. but Littlefinger's brothel guy comes and it's like, yeah, he's definitely gay. and Margaery definitely knows about it. so Loras is still under arrest and Marjorie's under arrest - now for lying under oath, sir. she's like, haha, my plan worked perfectly. but then cousin Lancel is like, no, I confessed to everything. so she's under arrest - before that, the Littlefinger talked to Cersei about how Sansa's marrying the Bolton's. he swings it like they're the traitors. so he gets permission to take the Vale army and go conquer Winterfell for himself. at Winterfell, bran followed Sansa there. she's plotting a rescue. so she tells homeless Billy Bob Thornton to tell this other peasant to tell Sansa to put a candle in the tallest tower if she needs rescuing. everything cool right now, though. so she doesn't. she marries Ramsay, who's pretty sweet for about five seconds, but then he's are like, Greek, you stay here and watch as I devirginizing and pretty brutal. and no one's happy about this. so now she's being kept as a sex prisoner. so she grabs the camel and she's like, yeah, I put it in the tower for me but he turns her and immediately, because he's whipped, she's like, Theon. why would you do this? why would you turn me in? you burned my brothers he's like, I don't know. actually, those weren't brothers, there were random farm boys. so now Sansa knows that REO wants to move up to the next level of her culture, has to give away all our possessions and become no one. she can't give away or store a needle though, because it's symbolic of, like, her identity or something. so she has it in this community with sergeant pol now she graduates from sweeping floors to clean dead bodies. then one day a sick girl comes in and she gives her the euthanasia water. so she graduates again to see the room of many faces. this is where they hide all of their awesome faces. he's not using a face though. for her first assassination mission, she's just dressing up as an oyster girl to go kill this insurance broker. but she's distracted when she sees mace Tyrell coming in with Meryn Trant. Meryn trant's is the tank's guard who killed a friend Syrio Forel in season one. so he's high up on her kill list. so a mace is talking to the iron bank, just singing and being a goofball. Meryn Trant goes to a brothel where we find out he likes his girls really uncomfortable, young. which works out well for Arya, because, surprise, it's her. yes, she still if they said she's stabby, Savvis him and crosses that first name off her list. up at the wall, Jon Snow talks at tormund Giantsbane, the new wildling leader. he's like, we should be Bros. I want the wildlings to join with us to help fight the White Walkers. the other night watchmen don't like that. they hate the wildlings, especially Ollie, cos wildlings 8 his parents. but Jon goes anyway. he sails to hardhome where the rest of the wildlings already talked to their leaders. he's like, winter is coming. speak of the devil, which is coming right now. yes, it's a zombie attack. then there are the White Walkers on the cliff. so it's an awesome battle scene, 360 spin. a giant is stepping on zombies, and the white Walker comes, and Jon fights him with the normal sort of brakes. so he grabs long, wobbly and steel. it won't blocks it. it's like, what happened? I'm shattered. then watch on snow. anyway, they go all World War Z. so they have to get out of there, and then the white Walker leader shows up. its albino Darth Maul. that's right, we saw him last season, turned Craster's baby and took, presumably one of them. so he's here. he's like, come at me. bro uses mass raise dead. no, he is an even bigger army by Somme B's. and basically, winter just came all over the place. now, Stannis, on his way to Winterfell, is totally snowed in. so malice son was like, hey, we can burn your daughter to melt the snows because she is Kings blood. he's like, what? no. I just had a sentimental moment with my daughter, like two episodes ago. now, the Bolton's are talking about it. Ramsay is like, give me 20 good shirtless men. we're gonna ride out there, set their camp on fire so that they have no supplies left. Stannis sends Davos back to the wall to get more supplies. and Shirin is like, hey, Dad, I want to help. is there anything I can do? he's like, yeah, there's this one thing you can burn alive. what? No. Stannis's wife has been Pro burning this whole time, but now she chickens out. tries to save her, but it's too late. Shireen is burned. no, bad, Stannis, bad. anyway, it's gladiator time again. jars in the major leagues now. and long story short, he wins again. and this time on those scopes, knife, because there's a son's the heart be attacking. yes, they come and they stab Lenny Moe Kravitz. I guess he wasn't their leader after all. and chars like, Khaleesi, come with me if you want to live. so they're surrounded in the pit, facing certain death, when dragon flies in. yes, he started burnin, aiding all the sons of the harpy. it's super sweet. and Danny's like, yo, I'm busting out of here. she's flying on a dragon. anyway, the Shireen sacrifice actually worked. the snows melting, but his army deserted him because they don't want to follow a guy who burns his daughter. also, his wife hung herself, and then Melisandre decided to bail. - bad day for Stannis. but he's like, we march on to Winterfell. Podrick Payne sees them as like, yo, Brant. Stannis is over there. she's like, oh, I'm gonna kill Stannis cuz his shadow baby killed Renly, and I loved Renly. she's like, Oh, since I'll be fine for five minutes while I leave. but of course, right then sits escapes and lights the candle. so Stannis is like, yes, each time. I love a good siege. but the Bolton's ride out to meet him. he's like, fine. last stand, horse, miss vote soldiers. doesn't go well. Stannis's army is dead, and Stannis is there. Brienne comes up. she's like, ham, a totally random person here to kill you for something you did three seasons ago. he's like, yeah, that makes sense. boom, Stannis is dead. except, it cuts away weirdly, but we assume he's still dead, since his escape is stopped by Ramsay psycho girlfriend. but the on grossest balls back and throws her off the cliff. yes. he's like, come with me. I know a secret way out of here. it's right off the wall. we'll just jump, presumably into some snow banks. now, Arya is in big trouble for killing the wrong person. so as punishment, jack and the guard kills himself. what? no, Jake, hey, it wasn't me. I'm over here. who is this then? oh, it's Ari. yeah, yeah. it's crazy face stuff going on. and Arya goes blind. Cersei confesses to being in her cousin Lancel, but not to the bigger crimes of banging her brother Jaime and putting incest bastards on the throne. so it's like, fine, you can go to house arrest. first, you have to do a naked walk of shame through the streets. it's pretty graph honor. it breaks it down a little bit. and she makes it back. her uncle, diet tywin came back. he's been running the city. and her mad scientist, Frank Qyburn, is like, hey, I have a present for you. it's a reanimated Mountain corpse. what? yeah. he's been experimenting with it all season, and I guess somehow he succeeded. so now says he has a big, strong new bodyguard. and she's ready for some vengeance endure. and everything's cool. they're saying, by oberyn's girlfriends, the weird aunt who kisses you on the lips, bronzed despite his new girlfriend. I can't imagine where this plot lines going. jamie has a heart-to-heart with his niece daughter. my salon is like, this is awkward, but I'm your dad. she's like, hey, man, that's cool. love who you want. and they have a really tender father-daughter moment, until she starts bleeding, and she dies from poison. what? yes, that's right. the sands. thanks. it was the kiss of death. and they succeeded into their plan after all. in Mereen, the guys were sitting around because Daenerys never came back. Daario and Jorah are going on a bro road trip to find her. they're leaving Tyrion in charge because, you know, he's smart and stuff. and Varys comes back. he's like, yeah, I made it here. somehow I'm gonna help you rule. so the dream team is in marine. Danny's in the middle of nowhere with her Charizard. she doesn't have enough gym badges, so it won't fly her back. and she finds a death rocky. so she drops her a ring in case anyone's looking for and that's how she ends her season, surrounded by this rocky. early at the wall, some of the brothers trying to rape Sam's girlfriend, Jilly. so he steps up to protect her with the help of ghosts, and they finally have sex, which is good for Pat Sam and maester aemon died, so they're sending him and Jilly down to the Citadel to learn to become a maester. Davos made it to the wall to get some more supplies, but then Melisandre comes up and it's like, yeah, Stannis is dead. I guess he wasn't the chosen one. woops. my bad. then Ollie busting is like, kill John. we found your uncle Benjen. what I've been looking for him. wait a second. this isn't Michael benjin. oh, I'm stabbed now, honest. I mutiny tour the watch is what they all say. they take to him, stabbing him. and then even all it comes up, it's like a - Ollie, and he's like, yeah, from mama. stabby, stab oho. Jon Snow is bleeding out. he can't possibly be dead. he's the main character. but that cuts the black uh-uh. and that says, Season 5 comes to an end. [Music], 