in 1940s, shanghai, paddy crooks, sing and bone aspire to join the notorious axe gang, which rules the town with an iron fist, under the leadership of the cold-blooded brother some. the two visit pigsty alley, a run-down slum, where they claim to be axeman, and attempt to extort the residence, before being chased off by the slums landlady. in an attempt to bluff them, singh throws a firecracker, which blows up the hat of a minor axe gang boss passing by. singh blames the residents for throwing the firecracker, and the boss attacks a barber, only to be struck by an unseen assailant. the gang then calls for reinforcements, while three of the tenants, coulee, taylor and donut, reveal themselves to be kung fu masters and triumph over the gang members. fearing the axe gang's retaliation, the landlady quickly evicts the trio. infuriated by the loss of his men, brother some capture sing and bone, intending to kill them for posing as gang members. singh narrowly frees themselves with his lock-picking skills impressing brother sum, who allows them to join the gang on the condition that they kill someone. lamenting his failure, singh relives his childhood to bone. he was duped into believing he was a natural-born kung fu genius by a vagrant selling a martial arts pamphlet. and as a result, he gave the vagrant his meager savings to purchase the pamphlet. singh practiced the buddhist palm technique and attempted to save fung, a mute girl from bullies, only to be beaten himself and humiliated when the bullies point out the pamphlet costs a mere 20 cents. singh then became adamant the good guys never win, and resolved to be a villain. the two returned to pigsty alley to kill the landlady. though their plan backfires and they barely escape, seeking safety in a traffic pulpit. singh is surprised as his body rapidly heals from the injuries sustained during the escape. the pain causes him to strike the sides of the pulpit with extreme force, covering the surface with hand-shaped impressions. brother sum hires the harpist's two assassins who use a magical gohan to kill the pigsty alley masters. they arrive at the alley undetected at night and overwhelm the three masters who were in the process of leaving. the landlady and her husband. the landlord, intervene and reveal themselves to be kung fu masters as well. they defeat the harpists and send a stern warning to brother some before evacuating pigsty. frustrated with his increasing failures, singh attempts to rob an ice cream vendor, but discovers that she is actually fong. she offers him a lollipop, as she did in the past, but he swats it away, ashamed of how far he has fallen. after shooing bone away, singh is brought to brother some. the gang leader offers sing instant membership into the gang if he can free the legendary assassin beast from an asylum. singh is successful, and the beast is brought to the gang's headquarters. brother sum is initially skeptical of the beast, whose flippant attitude and sloppy appearance annoys him. however, the beast quickly reveals himself to be a lethal and skilled fighter, and he destroys half of the casino next door to confront the landlady and landlord, who are waiting to settle the score with the gang. the three engage in a vicious battle that ends in a stalemate. when the three are immobilized through an inter-joint lock, singh, pressured by brother sum to attack the landlord and landlady to help the beast, has a change of heart and attacks the beast instead. infuriated, the beast pummels singh, who is narrowly rescued by the landlord and landlady, and the three escape. the beast casually kills brother some for berating him, and assumes control of the axe gang. back at pigsty alley, the landlord and landlady treat singh's wounds and are surprised when he recovers at top speed. a metamorphosed sing treats the two's wounds and takes them into a quiet room to rest before meeting the axe gang outside, who are waiting for them. the landlady deduces that singh is a natural-born kung fu genius when he effortlessly dispatches the gang members before confronting the beast. the beast initially gains the upper hand and sends singh flying high into the sky. singh comes into inner peace by envisioning buddha in the clouds, before arriving back down to incapacitate the beast. although defeated, the beast treacherously attempts to stab singh with a poisoned weapon. singh stops the beast's attack and converts the weapon into a flower, which he sends floating through the air to fong. awestruck by singh's action, which was completely beyond his understanding, the beast tearfully bows down to sing and begs to become his disciple. sing and bone open a candy store with fong's lollipop as their logo. when singh sees fang outside, he happily invites her in to relieve their childhood memories. the same vagrant who sold sing the pamphlet entices another child just outside the store, only this time he is selling multiple pamphlets teaching different styles. you 