[Music], what is up? youtube. it's your girl evelyn. and i am back with the season four, episode 2 recap of winona earth. as always, there will be spoilers, so proceed with caution. episode 2 begins in the garden of eden crypt where doc has just stumbled upon a very naked sheriff hot, who seems to have appeared out of thin air. unfortunately, nicole is surrounded by an invisible force field, and she has no memory of how she arrived in the garden. doc fetches waverly, who's understandably shocked, but also thrilled to see her lady. meanwhile, back in monument, wynonna and rachel are still ducking and dodging the army of zombie scientists at the abandoned bbd facility. and after watching nicole fall through a grate then plummet into oblivion, rachel is fairly certain that sheriff hot has been eaten by zombies, but there's a tiny chance she may have survived if she fell into the gate room. according to rachel, bbd's pre-zombie scientists were hard at work on some kind of inter-dimensional gateway that black badge tried to weaponize but when the gateway finally opened, something made bbd panic and subsequently gas everyone. winona and rachel don hazmat suits and fight their way into the gate room where they find and injured nicole, who was just seconds away from being eaten by the zombie daniel radcliffe. but that begs the question, if nicole is alive in purgatory, who in the heck is hanging out with waverly and doc in the garden? imposter nicole is beginning to let her true color show. she tells waverly that god hasn't made an appearance in the garden for quite some time, and she's becoming downright obsessed with breaking out of the force field. as waverly puzzles over impostor nicole's erratic behavior, julian's throne has developed the ability to talk, or at least chant, and it's been calling out to waverly, whose struggling to resist it. and while all of this is going on, the crypt monster is once again hungry, and this time it's doc's turn defeated. but before he can test out his vampire blood, the crypt shows him a set of marble pillars with nicole's photo on one side, and a demon's photo on the other. back in monument, the gang finally locates rachel's mother, gloria valdez, well, her corpse, anyway. and when wynonna tries to open it, rachel turns on her. [Music]. gloria valdez died trying to keep the portal closed. and rachel won't let her mother's death be in vain in the garden. imposter, nicole is finally freed of the invisible force field, and we find out that she's none other than eve, the first lady of rough riders. doc and eve go at it, and during their fight, eve shape-shifts, first into jeremy, then into wynonna. but doc sees through the distraction and stabs eve into a pillar with the world's sharpest pair of shears. afterward, he tries to get waverly as far away from eve as possible. but while he was busy fighting eve, waverly went full throttle angel. she tells doc that eve must not be allowed to leave the garden. then she does the bobo brain fry on him, minus the killing part. back in monument, wynonna talks rachel down, and loki threatens to kill her. and after a few technical difficulties, they open the doorway. rachel and an injured nicole stay behind to face the horde of zombie scientists about to break in, while wynonna jumps through the portal. the moment she steps inside the garden, she sees eve pinned to the pillar where doc left her. the doppelgangers have a quick conversation in which eve threatens to eat everyone alive, before wynonna excuses herself to go find doc and waverly. she finds doc first and uses their safe word to convince him she's the real wynonna. they soon find waverly, and the bad news is she's been chilling on julian's throne. the good news is she hasn't turned to stone yet. while wynonna tries to convince waverly to come home, that crafty eve escapes from the pillar and goes up against doc for round two. apparently, eve really wants to get out of the garden and into the ghost river triangle so she can finally get what she's owed. doc kicks eve through one of the freestanding doors, which, in retrospect, may not have been the best idea, with eve temporarily out of the way wynonna struggles to reach waverly. and just when it looks as if waverly is going to stay in the garden forever, wynonna pulls out the bull shar slash julian slash way hot engagement ring. the ring snaps waverly out of her garden trance, and she gets off the throne. the gang eventually locates a portal home, but before they pass through it, waverly throws her super powerful ring into the sinister and possibly possessed garden, where i'm sure nothing bad will find it and use it for evil. wynonna, doc and waverly all wake up in different parts of purgatory, wynonna at the magical staircase, doc at the well, along with waverly satchel in the book she chose in episode 1. and waverly awakens on the homestead, where she is greeted by the long-haired and uninjured sheriff hot. but before they can swap stories, the two lovers have some more pressing business to attend to afterward. nicole explains to waverly that after her leg healed, nicole hunkered down on the earth homestead awaiting their return. that was a year and a half ago. we then see doc and wynonna reuniting in the middle of town and finding out that this isn't the same purgatory that they left. and that is it for the recap. thank you guys so much for watching. and don't forget to subscribe for more winona earp and i'll see you next week. 