[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and keep watching this video if you want to continue to exist. now, throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down the fifth episode of agents of shield and discussing everything you need to know about the latest century. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here itself. you don't anything ruined. and I highly recommend that you turn off now. please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video, and make sure you subscribe to the channel for breakdowns on the show every week. without further adieu, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown. okay. so the fifth episode picks up in 1973 with by far the best intro ever. soon as that theme tune and the graphics started up, I was absolutely dying. and the entire entry follows this style, with a pretty much becoming a 70s cop drama. I used to love in TV shows when characters would look at the camera and smile in the intro. and to do it here, I just found it absolutely hilarious. by far the best decade. within the first minute of the show, it takes us to New York City, and here we watch the events of a trout in the milk play out. now it's not something I've heard before today, but the phrase a trout in the milk means drawing conclusions from circumstantial evidence. the trout in the milk sort of means that the milks been watered down, because the dairy farmer was clearly dipping the milk pail into a stream to add more water to it. and now you can't prove that's what happened, you can sort of draw conclusions by there being the fish in the liquid. anyway, we'll talk about how this ties in to the episode later, but it is something you should bear in mind with what happens. the episode starts off with Coulson very much taking a trip down memory lane. and he remembers the stereotypical New York where taxi drivers are constantly beeping their horn and people shout, hey, I'm walking here. every five minutes. Sousa is having a bad time blending in. and he starts to contemplate that he may have always been pulled out of time. it's a theory that we had last week, and personally, I side with the idea that he was always plucked out by the agents King everything a perfect loop. they go to the swordfish bar from the first episode, and this time, instead of someone sliding open the door and asking for a password, you just type it into a code panel. it's a nice switcher that shows just how far things have come, including Enoch, who he learns been there for 40 years. he literally had one job. err I know we said that last week, but it's still a good joke. and let's be honest this, there's not many of them on the channel. now, back on borders effort, Simmons starts to tease that Fitz will be appearing soon. there's a theory that when we catch up to him, he's gonna be much, much older than everyone else, but as of yet, we don't know. Jemma also has something on the back of a neck that makes it seem like she might be in LMD. so, yes, we're back on that theory. I actually think it's something different, as the EMP area51 didn't disable her, but perhaps she is far more advanced than the others are. however, bear in mind that Simmons belt Coulson using the same LMD technology, so it doesn't make sense that he would Shaw out and she wouldn't again. they might just change the rules up and have things be inconsistent. but we'll see. as we get further into the show, Jemma does complain that she's getting forgetful, but we never quite find out what's going on with her. but yes, the LMD theory is indeed back elsewhere. mack and yoyo go to the lighthouse, which is supposedly meant to be abandoned due to Shield of vacating it in 1972. Mack is trying to make a move, but yo-yo, who always bounces back, is still having a hard time. I'm kind of getting a bit meh on the whole her doubting herself, as they're doing it pretty much every week, and I don't know, I'm just getting a bit tired of it. now, before they can dwell on it too much, they discover that something in the timeline has changed, and people are still in the facility, which does add a lot of intrigue to the show. throughout the episode, they learn that it's a launchpad for Hydra which plays into the overall plot of the entry. in the speakeasy, we learn that Enoch has been missing for over a year, and the agents come across general Rick's stoner, or little Ricky for short. if you recognize his voice, it's because he plays Joe in Family Guy. and he introduces Wilfred Malik. Malik should have died three years prior. however, The Chronicles have changed the timeline. we actually got a theory right that I was quite surprised about. and because of the chronic comms project, insight has had a 40-year Head Start. through satellites instead of helicarriers, Hydra can now kill all those that could potentially pose a threat to them. I was genuinely just throwing out one of the big Hydra shield events last week as a theory, so was actually quite surprised when it came true. but actually makes a lot of sense when you think about it more. this plan would completely decimate shield and all that could oppose Hydra, leading to there being no way to stop the chronic comms in the future. we learn that there's a target list, which includes some notable peoples such as Peggy Carter, star of the hit show agents of Carter, Nick Fury, the director of shield, who, of course, formed the Avengers. Bruce Banner, yet, who you already know, Betty Wright a 70 cell singer. and Jim Morita, who was one of the Howling Commandos, who's also Victoria Han on the list, who you might remember from the other series of agents of shield. and the rest are political figures and activists. this is the titular trout in the milk. and though Coulson is unable to verify that the chronic comms had anything to do with it, all the evidence points towards it. in the Winter Soldier, the names were compiled by an algorithm created by Zola. however, here they've been given by the chronic comms, who are, of course, aware of future events. may goes to make the moves on stoner, and we learned that, though they're close to launching project insight, it's still three years away. we also meet a younger Gideon Malick, who starts flirting with Daisy. this is obviously bad, because it could trigger her into killing him, which she seems to want to do to every character in every episode. however, she changes her mind and steps away after being helped along by Sousa. I'm definitely starting to ship Sousa and Daisy, and I really held that the two end up together. because, yeah, the man deserves some happiness. Daisy and Sousa sneak into the hidden room and the speakeasy that she learned about in 1931, which is where they discovered the list. Coulson gets made by Malick and the chronic comms arrived, but Daisy is able to get them out of there by holding Nathaniel Malik hostage. in earlier seasons, Nathaniel was sacrificed to the hive. however, due to the timeline changing, he's still alive, and thus they're able to properly threatened. Wilfred Enoch arrives outside and says, which is, of course, a play on the line that's been laced throughout the Terminator franchise. The Chronicles realized that they're going to change the timeline further, and thus they carry out another jump to 1976, which, of course, forces the Zephyr to go there too. as we know, this is the year that project insight will launch. and the group enact their plan to infiltrate the base. I love the scene in which Daisy shows Souza how her phone works, and shortly after, Nathaniel arrives and knocks them out with a stun gun. Coulson and May enter the lighthouse, and yo-yo and deke go to Malik's estate. Malick has been visited once more by the chronic comms, and they gave him a photograph of Max parents. will then have been taken hostage and are now at the lighthouse. in the lighthouse, mae\xc3\xadn, Coulson try and talk stone out of launching the satellites, but may just knocks him out when she realizes, through her empathy abilities that she can sense, it's not working. it seems like the plan is working now. however, Malick begins to reveal that the chronic calms know absolutely everything. he cuts his speech short by shooting him. and he's able to do this because Malick was meant to be dead at this point, so it doesn't really matter. however, it did matter to me, as this guy has just been a pest throughout the season. so I'm glad, I'm glad that deke finally got to take him out. this is when the reveal of max parents come, and he orders an abort on the mission in order to save them. clearly, the Chronicles knew that he would be the kind of character that would do this and thus they chose his parents and not the others. project insight must be stopped at all costs, though, and thus they launched the Zephyr and shoot down the rocket from the air, which reveals their position in the stinger scene. at the end of the episode, we see Nathanael inquiring about Daniel Whitehall. you may remember him from earlier seasons, and he was fascinated by the Inhumans. but Daniel clearly once Daisy's powers. and this ends the episode on a big cliffhanger, with him potentially becoming a superhuman should he get his wish. now we will be talking about the promo for episode 6, titled adapt or die. so if he don't anything ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. now, from the looks of it, after the attack on the air, shield and Hydra launch countermeasures against the Zephyr, which will bring it crashing down. it also seems like the chronic comms have been replacing all of the agents at the lighthouse with their own. and thus their new plan is to take down shield by sort of doing an invasion of the body snatchers. switcheroo. Coulson also comes face to face with the big bad and it does look like we're heading towards a cool episode next week. anyway, that wraps up the latest sentry, and obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on it, so make sure you comment below and let me know. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and if you missed our analysis of any of the other episodes that make sure you check them out after this. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. we're gonna come chat to us after the show. either follow us that heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people our subscribe to the channel. and this Monty can when the MCU infinitely Saga box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you subscribe with notifications on the more videos you comment on, more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of July, and the cell be shipped out from the interval gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. you 