welcome to the man of recaps. this is The Handmaid's Tale, season 1. this show features strong, disturbing sexual content throughout, so if you don't want to be part of that, go away now. June is a hand-made although she's not named June anymore. she's called Offred, which is of Fred, her commanders name, because she's basically his property. once a month, she is forced to have sex with her commander as part of the ceremony so she can have kids for him and his wife. apparently, this is loosely based on some Bible verse where a man impregnates his wife's handmaid because she can't have kids. and infertility is what started this whole mess. in the near future, birth rates dropped dramatically for unknown reasons. the world goes crazy, and a fanatical religious group rises to power. things got bad little by little, until one day it was too late to stop it. so now America has become the Republic of Gilead, a fanatical Christian dictatorship where people walk around in old-timey bonnets, but also they string up heretics on the wall. it's a bad place. June almost escaped with her husband, Luke and daughter, Hannah. but they didn't quite make it. all the fertile women were rounded up and trained to be handmaids in the red centers. this one Janine, was like, screw you guys. but aunt Lydia is not having any of that. first defense was cutting out an eye. there was no second defense. so as a fertile woman, June has to serve as a handmaid. all women have lost their rights in the society. most of them work now as servants called Martha's, because they're all named Martha. the commander's driver, Nick seems like a nice guy, but you can't trust anyone here. anyone could be working for the eyes, the secret police, that if they take you, you're never seen again. and maids always walk in pairs. offers partner is of Glen, but The Handmaid's can't even trust each other. all their conversations go, hey, nice weather. we're having praise be. one day, The Handmaid's are all summoned for something. this guy was convicted of laying with a hand made unlawfully. so they were all summoned to beat him to death. afterwards, June's partner of Glen is like, hey, girl, I'm gonna open up to you and be like, yeah, this place sucks. I missed the real world and frozen yogurt and stuff. her real name's Emily, and turns out she's part of the resistance. she's like, hey, your commander waterford is pretty high up. see if you can find out anything. conveniently, that night, he summons june to his study. he wants to play Scrabble with her. that is very illegal. girls cannot read or write, but he's like, hey, I'm a commander. we can have some fun if we want. they have a pretty nice time. so things are looking up for June. she's met the resistance, getting in with her Mandor, but her partner, Emily, has been replaced. it's like, hey, what happened to off Glen? I am off Glen. now turns out Emily is a gender trader, an awful phrase for gay. the punishment for that is immediate hanging, unless, of course, you're fertile, in which case you're shipped to a new commander to be impregnated. speaking of mrs. Waterford really wants a baby of her own. yes, that is the girl from Chuck. and she's amazing in this show. a very complex character. she's nice to June when she thinks she's pregnant. but when June reveals she had her period, she grabs her and locks her in a room for two weeks. while laying in her closet, June finds a message from the previous handmaid, a Latin phrase that means, don't let him grind you down. it may come up later. so mrs. Waterford really wants a baby, and she's like, hey, this is super illegal to even think about, but my husband might be infertile. we need to try to impregnate you with some other guy. so she brings her to the driver, Nick, and it's like, okay, you two get busy. and either of them can really say no. so they have super awkward sex. later, June runs and Emily again, and I can't even say what they did to her, the show has awful. so when she sees an open car, she jumps in and makes her escape. unfortunately, she doesn't get very far and is captured, this time, probably for good. but her act of defiance inspired June. she's like, hey, Nick, you're a nice guy in kind of hot I'm taking ownership back of my body. let's have sex because we want to. and boy do they ever. it is a passionate, long sex scene. in fact, at the start of the next episode, it's still goin. Nick's got some serious stamina. he was just a normal guy looking for a job, ended up driving around the Gili at high ups before the revolution, and he is actually working for the eyes. but Nick's no true believer. he's just doing what he has to do to survive. he's certainly not gonna turn in June, cuz he's starting to fall in love with her. now, one day a trade delegation from Mexico shows up. the Ambassador is a woman who's like, hey, we don't get a lot of information in the outside world. what's it like being a handmade June's like, oh my god, is so amazing. I love it. she can't say anything else, her commander's right there. and we learned a little more here about Serena Waterford. she and Fred were together before. in fact, Serena was a big proponent of gilead, at least at the beginning. because unfortunately, the movement became a lot more about oppressing women. so Serena was totally shut out of decision-making. and the book she wrote that helped create. Gilead is now illegal for her to read. by a stroke of luck, June gets a moment alone with the Mexican ambassador and spills the beans about how awful Gilead is. but the ambassadors like, yeah, kind of figured, but there's nothing I can do. sorry. her assistant, though, has a message for June. her husband, Luke, is still alive. when they were escaping, Luke stayed behind to hold him off. that didn't last long. they were bringing him in for questioning when Ojo ambulance crash. Luke survived because he was strapped in and long story short, made it to Canada. meanwhile, June continues to play Scrabble with the commander, and they start to get pretty casual. maybe he's actually a good guy. but no, it becomes apparent that being nice to her is just some sort of power trip for him. for fun. one day, he dresses her up fancy and takes her to a secret nightclub, Jezebel's. it's an unspoken, high-end brothel for commanders and other powerful men. but who does June see working there? her best friend, Maire. June hasn't seen her since they tried to escape in red centre. together, Maire made it onto the train, but June, unfortunately, got picked up. so it was like, go girl, be free. and Maire got out of there, but unfortunately she was also caught and given the option to work here, where she's still a sex slave. but at least there's booze. another handmaid grabs June and is like, hey, I'm with the resistance - there's a package at the bar in Jezebel's. we need you to go back there and get it for us. so June has to pretend she really enjoyed herself and wants to go back there. unfortunately, he skips the bar this time. but June does get to talk to Maire. it's like, hey, you need to pick up the package. Maire had lost all hope, but seeing June again revitalizes her. so she sneaks the package out and makes a toilet bowl shank and escapes there, gets to Canada. yeah, Canada. so what was in that package? is it a bomb or something? no, it's just a stack of letters. they're letters written by women all over Gilly at explaining how terrible things are. and if these got out, it could be a big deal. around this time though, mrs. Waterford is pissed. she found out her husband's been going around with the hand maid. their previous handmaid hung herself cuz apparently the commander was doing the same type of thing. she's like, you better be pregnant. Tori her out of this house. luckily, she is pregnant. Congrats. at least the father is NIC who she does really care about. mrs. Waterford takes Jeunet to show her her daughter, Hannah. she's been placed with a new family, and June is never allowed to see her. this was a threat. Serena's like, as long as my child safe, your child safe. speaking of babies, Janine gets to stick around her house to breastfeed her daughter, but after a while she has to give her up and move to a new posting. Janine's having none of that. she grabs her baby and threatens to jump off of Brij turns out she did all sorts of sexual things for her commander because he promised he loved her and they would be a family. she manages to talk her down. it's like, hey, think your baby she's like, actually, you're right. you hold the baby. I'm piecing out. oh. she jumps off the bridge. would rather kill herself than survive in this world. but the bridge wasn't tall enough. she survives. her commanders taken in because sex with your handmaid outside of the ceremony is technically illegal. commander waterford, it's like, hey, come on guys. we all do it. let's give him a slap on the wrist and get out of here. but the guy in charge, commander price, is very serious. he's like, now, not a slap on the wrist. we're gonna actually cut his hand off. so commander waterfords not as invincible as he thinks. for endangering a baby, Geneva's sentenced to death by stoning. but June's like, you know what, enough of this. I'm gonna drop my stone. Oh, act of defiance. sorry, aunt Lydia. and that gets all the other hand maids to join in. that's right, the girls are sticking together. it's a triumphant end to the season, except the next morning, June is under arrest. and that's how season 1 comes to an end. [Music], 