detective recapped here. today, i'm going to explain a neo-noir crime film called the girl with the dragon tattoo. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. wealthy businessman henrikh wanger grimly opens his birthday present, a specimen of dried flowers pressed into a frame. he looks at it with morbid curiosity. his grand-niece, harriet wanger, has been dead for over 40 years, yeti still receives this routine birthday present without fail elsewhere. journalist mikael blomkist is faced with a career-ending dilemma. he has been charged with a libel suit by businessman hans eric venerstrom after accusing him of criminal activity. vanerstrom quickly disproved all of mikael's accusations and proceeded to destroy his career, costing him a handsome 600 000 swedish croner in damages. after having quite possibly the worst day of his life, mikiel goes out for coffee and smoke. when he returns to the magazine publishing company millennium. there he is greeted by erica berger, his married lover and business partner, with mikael's situation. erica is distraught and terribly distressed. elizabeth salander, a brilliant investigator and computer hacker, is contacted by one of henrikh fanger's man, mr dirk froda. he contracts her to do a background check on mikael bloomfist. after the initial report, dirk seeks lisbeth to ask questions about mikael and inquire more about his personal life. however, lisbeth intentionally leaves it out of the report, stating that she believes in leaving some things private. she even goes as far as to make antagonizing jokes on dirk's behalf when he pressed on the matter. after their bitter exchange, she comes home to do a background check on him. in there, she discovers that venerstrom once worked for vanguard industries, dirk's employer. during christmas evening, mikhail is contacted by dirk froda. he introduces himself as henrik vanger's attorney and tells him to come to hadestad for some common ground. he adds that henrich doesn't like venerstrom either. though. mikael hesitates at first because of his legal predicament. he ends up agreeing. mikael leaves for hadestad a couple of days later. he arrives there by train, with dear picking him up. mikael is immediately displeased with the fierce cold and hater stod and tells dear kilby on the 4 30 train to get home that evening. mikhail is then taken to henrikh wanger's mansion, where he and henrik officially meet. he wants to enlist mikael's help in solving a family mystery that has been haunting the wongers for over 40 years, the disappearance and presumed murder of harriet wanger. henrik explains that on paper, mikhail will be writing his memoirs as his cover. as a primer, henrik proceeds to explain his family. he introduces harriet as his grandniece, and the only relative that he didn't attest. harriet's grandfather and henrik's brother, was richard wanger, a german nationalist who served and died for the second world war. richard's son and harriet's father, is gottfried wanger, a salesman who helped build wanger industries. he adds that a drunk gottfried drowned in the ocean in 1965. isabella, harriet's mother, became a useless parent after her husband's death, leaving hendrick to take care of harriet and her brother, martin, who now runs modern day vanguard industries. henrik tells mikael that he believes that someone in their family murdered harriet, and has been playing mind games with him for over 40 years. after laying out his family tree. henrik recounts the day of harriet's disappearance. it was september 24, 1966, and they were holding the family's annual board meeting and dinner at the same time, there was a town parade that harriet attended with her friends. she returned after two in the afternoon and tried to henrik, but he told her to wait. at this time, a road accident occurred on the hedes.bridge exit. an oil truck toppled atop a van, and almost half the island went on to help, including the wanger family. after the rescue, they slowly returned home. it was during their dinner that henrik realized that his grandniece was gone. mikael asks if harriet might have run away, but henrik believes she didn't. he then shows mikael the collection of pressed flowers, explaining that harriet used to send them to him before she disappeared. he continues to receive them even after her disappearance, leading him to believe that harriet's killer is the culprit. though he initially decided to decline the job, mikiel ends up accepting when henrik promises him dirt on venerstrom. liz beth continues to investigate venerstrom. one day, as lisbeth returns home, she is shocked to find her state-appointed guardian, holger palm grand, suffering from a stroke. she takes him to the hospital, and afterward, she's designated a new guardian named nils biermann. mikhail arrives once again at hayden stott and moves into the small cabin henrik had prepared for him. there he meets a cat that takes a liking to him, and in turn, he decides to take the cat in during his stay there. on his first morning in the viciously cold cabin, nikkel is awakened by the caretaker gunner at the front door. henrik then gives mikael a rundown of the family members living nearby. harold is his reckless brother in the family's second world war german nationalist. there's also harold's daughter, cecilia, who lives away from harold and isn't on speaking terms with him. cecilia's brother, binger, is mentioned, and henrik claims him to be as unpleasant as his father. then there's isabella, harriet's mother. and finally, martin, harriet's brother. later in his cabin, mikhail starts preparing by putting up a board with notes, maps and pictures. he begins his investigation with the officer who was assigned the case at the time, officer morel. he reads morel's report and gathers all the details. the next day he goes to the officer's home. morel is now an old man, and he tells mikael that harriet was his rebecca case. according to him, every cop has an unsolved case that haunts them forever. the namesake of the phrase came from an officer named torstensen. his obsession with the unsolved case surrounding a girl named rebecca spanned the rest of his life, until his death. mikhail shows morel a diary from harriet, but morel only shoves it back to him, saying he studied it several times already. mikhail talks about the list of initials with numbers behind the diary, but they were just another dead end. back at hadestad, mikhail meets martin wanger for an interview. martin recounts that harriet's death affected the family as well as their company. it broke henrik's spirit, and from there, things continued to decline. when asked if he was there the day harriet disappeared, martin says he arrived after the accident on the bridge with a 4 30 train. martin, who is unaware of mikael's real assignment, encourages him to include harriet and henrik's memoirs. the next day, cecilia wanger pays mikael a visit. cecilia behaves rudely toward mikael, and after he asked her what harriet was like, she replies that her sister anita knows harriet better than she does. cecilia adds that anita now lives in london and would probably not want to see him. meanwhile, liz beth is furious at her new state appointed guardian nils burma. he manipulatively controls her finances, using her previous criminal behavior to keep her from fighting back. one day, lisbeth gets mugged by a random criminal. she fights back and retrieves her bag, but it ends with her computer breaking. this event leads to liz beth requesting money from nils to purchase a replacement. nils takes advantage of this situation to extort obscene favors from her by threatening to have her institutionalized if she doesn't comply. afterward, lisbeth leaves nils's office with the money. mikael arrives in london to find a need of anger harriet's cousin. and the two of them go out to a cafe for an interview. anita claims that she's distanced herself from her family for many years already, and that she has a poor recollection of those long past events. but she tells him that harriet was a messed up and unhappy girl who withdrew to religion as her own father might have abused her. and if harriet survived, anita suspects that she must have run away. one evening, lisbeth has run out of money for food and visits nils in his apartment, thinking it would just be another favor. liz beth half-heartedly follows him to his room. this is when nils cuffs liz beth to his bed so he can very roughly abuse her. meanwhile, mikael starts looking over the bible, since anita mentioned harriet to be religious. later, erica stops by hadestad island for a visit. here, henrik and martin offer financial help to the millennium. when erica asks why henrik would do that, henrik replies, the enemies of my friends are my enemies. erica accepts the offer, much to mikkel's concern. elizabeth salander is out for revenge. she seeks out nils and catches him by surprise with a taser. when nils wakes up, he is gagged and bound to the floor. lisbeth proceeds to torture and blackmail him with the camera she planted in her bag the night he abused her. with the video, she coerces nils into giving her control of her money. she then uses a painful tattoo needle to succinctly write on nils's chest that he's a pig who forces himself on women, completely blocking his intimate life. one day, mikhail makes a break in the case when he observes one of the parade photos showing harriet surprised and frightened by something. bit by bit, he starts to put the pieces together. mikhail finds a bible verse about a dove offering, and the method of killing the dove is similar to how the girl from the rebecca case, rebecca jacobson, die. miguel also notes that the initials rj on harriet's diary belongs to her. with these in mind, mikael realizes that the numbers listed next to the names are bible verses. later, henrik is rushed to the hospital because of a medical emergency. his supervision of mikael is put in question, so he speaks with dirk regarding his payment and asks who he'll be reporting to if henrik dies. miguel proceeds to ask for a research assistant, to which dirk recommends elizabeth salander. after much effort, mikhail tracks down lisbeth in her apartment and brings breakfast with him to meet her. considering her recent experiences with men, lisbeth is hesitant and wary of mikhail at first. however, miguel gains her trust when he mentions he needs her help to catch a killer of women. with her on board, mikhail presents everything he has so far on the harriet case. lisbeth boots a program on her computer and proceeds to work on the list of initials at the back of harriet's diary. lisbeth arrives at mikael's cabin after a day of investigating in haitistad. lisbeth reports that all five initials belong to the five women who were all abused and killed by a serial murderer. lisbeth even goes on to find more victims, with one of them being lena anderson, a student. mikhail stops lisbeth to ask her what the serial killer has to do with harriet, and lisbeth tells him that harry was looking for him too. another observation that lisbeth makes is that all the victims had biblical jewish names. mikhail informs her that there's more than one german nationalist in the wanger family, implying that the killer could be one of the vongers. the next morning, mikhail is surprised to see lisbeth using his encrypted laptop. lisbeth tells miguel she's looking over his notes. and liz beth notices something in one of the parade photos, a woman is taking a photograph during the time, harriet got startled by what she saw on the other side of the street. mikhail then goes out of the cabin for a smoke, but he ends up terribly shocked to see his cat be headed and mutilated, serving as a message to mikael that he should stop and leave, despite the threat. mikael spends his day interviewing the locals in search of the woman with the camera. after a few hours of asking around, he finally arrives at the woman's house. she politely welcomes him and presents him with her old photographs. mikhail finds one particular photo of an obscured young man on the other side of the street, and he asks the woman if he can make a copy of it. afterward, mikhail decides to visit the place where gottfried wanger died. he arrives at the old house beside the dock. before he knows it, he is suddenly shot by an unseen assailant from afar, the bullet almost hits him, praising him on the forehead. meanwhile, liz beth is setting up security cameras in the cabin. just as she finished, mikael comes in, bloody and frightened. liz beth takes care of mikael's head wound, and from there, she makes a move on him. the two end up sleeping together, despite mikael's initial hesitation. the next day, mikel and liz beth visit deark and martin to request access to wenger industries records. after some arguments between dierk and martin, dirk lets his hesitation go and grants them access. mikael then tasks lisbeth with looking for any connections between the wanger family and the towns where the women were killed. mikhail adds that he also wants everything on dirk froda, who he suspects because of his guarded reaction to having the records accessed. lisbeth goes down to the company and begins to search their records. there, she draws a possible connection between the victims and gottfried, except for lena anderson, who was killed when gottfried was already dead. meanwhile, mikael interviews harold, who he discovered took several photographs the day that harriet died. during their interview, mikhail found one such photo that contained a man who was similar to the one that had harriet scared in the parade photo. harold identifies him as martin. back at the cabin, mikel rechecks his records and finds that lena anderson and martin were in the same school the year she died. filled with suspicion and a desire for answers, niko goes to search martin in his house. he takes one of the knives in the kitchen and proceeds to go through the house, but he finds no one there. just then, martin drives up in his car, causing mikael to panic and leave in a hurry. mikael almost escapes, but martin spots him falling over in the grass just outside his house. martin then persuades mikael to come over inside for a drink. not wanting to offend martin, mikhail complies. there martin questions mikael on what he knows so far. with tensions high, martin realizes that one of his knives in the kitchen is missing, so he brings out a gun and points it at mikael. he ushers mikael to a hidden underground room where martin activates a sleeping gas to knock him out. when mikhail wakes up, he finds his neck rung up and hung onto the ceiling. believing that mikael's done for, martin finally admits that he's the serial killer. still, he gets shaken up when miko mentions harriet. he accuses martin of killing her, but martin only appears confused when he was told that. before martin could begin torturing mikael, lizbeth comes in and bashes martin's jaw with a golf club. martin makes a run for it, and mikael tells lisbeth martin left a gun behind with martin driving away in his car. lisbeth gives chase to him using her motorcycle. she gains on martin and spooks him enough to tip his car off balance. martin's car crashes, trapping him inside. before lisbeth could finish him off, the car explodes. back at the cabin, liz beth and mikael regroup to talk about the wenger siblings. after realizing that martin didn't kill harriet, mikkel suggests that harriet might have survived, and the only person who'd know where she is would be anita. the two of them then go to london. at first, mikhail and lisbeth try spying on anita's laptop and cell phone activity to see if she's speaking with harriet. but later, mikhail realizes one last possibility. mikil goes to face anita. he comes up to her and calls her by her real name, harriet. finally, harriet gives up the act and tells mikael everything. harriet's father began forcing himself on her when she was just 14. after she had killed him, her brother continued abusing her like their father did. instead, because of that, anita helped her escape. she hid on the island until the search for her just began, and left on the bridge when everyone else was busy looking elsewhere. back at hadestad, a recovering henrik gives mikael his payment and the dirt he has on venerstrom. that day, harriet and henrik share an emotional reunion. mikhail is later disappointed when the only thing henrik offered was venerstrom being fired for money embezzlement in his youth while working for wanger industries. since that isn't enough to damage him, this motivates lisbeth to reveal that she had hacked venerstrom's accounts. and she gives mikael evidence of venerstrom's crimes. he then uses this to publish a brutal editorial, ruining venerstrom and bringing mikael to national prominence. a disguise, lisbeth travels to switzerland and removes 2 billion euros from venerstrum's secret accounts. as for venerstrum, he is later murdered in an apparent gangland shooting on her way to give her new friend mike a christmas present. liz beth sees mikael with his lover, erica. disappointed, she throws away the gift and rides away on her motorcycle. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 