[Music]. welcome to slash forward and curse of the puppetmaster, the sixth installment in the franchise. let's get to it. we step outside the familiarity and comfort of our normal timeline and open in a new workshop. the puppets are in cages, and the man we come to know as dr. McGrew is lamenting his failure and absconded with the concealed packages. sometime he drives into the woods and digs a shallow grave in which he burns the mysterious container. the next day, we find Joey and the crew pulling up in their five-oh looking to fuel up. he spends most of his time trying to help Robert learn how to better assert himself. look at me when you talk to me. you're doing it again. then he gives him the old see you next fall, Jane, dr. Berger, whose daughter intervenes. when things turn ugly, McGrew steps up and does his best to incite some violence, but the situation is defused by the station owner. Robert in the grew bond over his whittling skills. needing someone around with his capable hands, he offers him a job at $35 a week and his daughter. they drive back and give him the Grand Tour, which includes revealing all of their deepest secrets as they instantly show him the living puppets. at dinner, they give a detailed accounting of how it all works. I just don't understand how ah convinced me. McGrew got the puppets at an auction and tried to recreate the magic, but has been unable. the next day, Robert is working the door at the daytime matinee puppet show. it's standing room only, and everyone is having a good time, until a six-shooter fires on these cans in the middle of a crowd. the sheriff shows up to ask about mcruiz prior assistant, who's gone missing. the Guru pleads ignorance, and the sheriff leaves on unnecessarily aggressive terms. Robert gets the rundown on his new job duties in the workshop. really, in this new timeline, all you need to do for living puppets is be good enough to follow the directions very exactly and pour your soul into it. literally, giving us some idea of what happened to the prior assistant. at dinner, Robert is showing signs of dedication to his puppet building as he nods off, while dr. McGrew waxes philosophical with a constantly full mouth. Robert shows how deep he's got the wood fever when he dreams he himself as a puppet. he goes to the workshop to continue working, and Jane shows up. she distracts him enough that he injures himself. this allows them to have a protracted conversation about his hands. and then things get sloppy. it turns out we've been duped again, as Robert wakes up during actual wakey time. Jane takes Robert to a special place she likes to visit in the woods. she claims that she's never told anyone else, and doubts that anyone else has ever been there. but then they stumble on the burned box from the introduction and Joey in the game. are hanging out in her spot, which is accessible by car. Jane has a protracted interaction with Joey where she continuously runs into him for no reason. things start to get abusive, before Robert finally shows up and expresses his true puppet nature in an odd twist. a little light choking, and everyone, including Jane, treats him like a damn monster. he was trying to save you. Joey decides to get his revenge on them for interrupting his prior sexual assault with a home invasion stylist. all this time, he gets a throat hug from pinhead, who gets stopped for his efforts. McGrew collects the rest of the murder squad and heads out, while Robert begins working on pinhead. McGrew arrives at Joey's house and releases the puppets, who find him blasting his pecs in the back room. blade ends up slashing his face, and then tunneler spends a little time reaming out his taint. back at home, Jane confides in her father, letting him know she's in love with Robert. he, however, knows that when the puppet is done, Robert is gone. wanting to save her from this, he sends her off to pick up a package that doesn't exist. McGrew attempts to finish the job on Robert. when the sheriff shows up, the puppets take care of them in turn, using mostly whatever stock footage is available. and McGrew finishes with Robert, and then the puppets, for some reason, turn on him. Jane gets home just in time to find her dad dead and witness Robert's transformation as he stares at her soul asleep. and that's the sixth puppet master, cobbled together with footage from prior movies and shot in eight days. let's hope it gets better from here. I hope you enjoyed the video, and thanks for watching. 