hello. what's going on guys? welcome back for another show. today I'm going to show you a science fiction film series beneath the Planet of the Apes. the time-displaced astronaut Taylor rides horseback with his girl Nova through the desert of the Forbidden Zone in search of a new life, far away from the ape community, who seems to fear approaching the Forbidden Zone. they keep wandering in the desert until a big firewall shoots up from the ground and deep chasms open. taylor intends to investigates the magic, but soon disappears through a cliff wall. before Nova's eyes, everything changes back to normal. soon Noba could not believe what she saw. she has to keep her search alone. elsewhere in the zone, Brent survives a deadly crash of a second earth spaceship, which was sent to search for Taylor and his crew. while noting that he is in the year 3000, 955, Brent assumes he has traveled to another planet. still under the confusion, he encounters the wandering Nova and notices she is wearing Taylor's tags. he then rides with her to search for Taylor. they come to a jungle where Brent is so shocked to see the ape civilization that the first time, where the gorilla general is planning to conquer the Forbidden Zone and use it as a potential food source. Brent smells the danger from the gorilla soldiers and rushes nuovo away. but Nova later leads Brent to the ape psychologist couple. Brent tells the shocking couple that he has to find Taylor back, and takes Taylor's spaceship back to the earth. at that time, Brent's made no in this planet. only the ape evolves to speak of humans, instead our staying at the primitive stage. Brent and Nova later continue their journey to find Taylor, but they happen to come upon the ape soldiers and get chased. after tightly, they managed to hide inside an abandoned cave where - Brent shot. he finds a subway station and even a new york post. he realizes finally he's traveled through time to Earth's future. they follow the subway tunnel to the ruins of the Queensboro Plaza. following a humming sound, rent begins to hear voices telling him to kill Nova. he could not help but do the same. Nova struggles to free herself, only finds that Brent has led forcibly into the remains of st. Patrick's Cathedral, where he finds a population of telepathic humans who are mutated with ability of mind-control. they also worship an ancient nuclear bomb. they're actually humans who survive nuclear bomb and mutated over generations. while knowing the Apes are marching for The Forbidden Zone, they attempt to repel the invaders with illusions of fire and other Horrors, but ultimately failed when the Apes see through it, with the Apes breaking in the mutants plan to detonate their divine bomb as a last resort. brent is then taken to a cell where he finds Taylor, but there soon controlled by the mutant to fight each other. nonetheless, under the screaming of Nova, Brent and Taylor are set free from the mind-control and kill the mutant guard. unfortunately, on their way out, Nova is shot dead by the Apes. no time to grieve the dead Nova, Brent rushes Taylor to stop the nuclear bomb plan, which would destroy the entire planet. so they hurry back to the Cathedral, which has been taken over by the Apes. the mutant leader threatens them with a divine bomb. but he gets ignored and shot dead immediately without knowing what gadget it is. the eight general tries to push the bomb button. Brent tries hard to distract their attention, while Taylor intends to defuse the bomb. unfortunately, Taylor is spotted out and gunned down. the dying Taylor begs the Apes to shut down the bomb. while in despair of Brent being shot dead and his pleas fallen on deaf ears the collapse, Taylor brings his hand down on the switch and triggers the bomb. finally, this is Daniel CC. movie review by 