so this is the episode that many of us have been waiting for. episode 8 is the biggest episode of the season, along with episode 10. and if we were to go on history, episode 8 has a history of being a big one. in a couple of seasons which have gone by, in power, we saw holly being shot and kanan being released in season 1 episode 8, and kanan being killed in episode 8 season 5. in season 6, we are tasha killing lakisha. and this is the one that the cast and crew of raising kanan have really been hyping all season long. so we know it's going to be a good one. and we know a few details already based on the synopsis, which we're going to be breaking down in this video even further. there was also this teaser that raising kanan stars released yesterday between lulu and raquel, a very intense conversation about how wrapped up in lulu and him thinking about taking up unique's offer. and we've seen the latest images for episode 8 as well, which we're going to be breaking down throughout this video and at the end as well. but of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscribe button if you don't see everything power book 3, empower universe related. let's have a look at the synopsis, which we partly went through yesterday from lulu side of things, but we're going to look at the whole description and break it down even further. and episode 8 is titled the cost of business. and the synopsis reads, kanan struggles with a harsh truth after word gets back to wreck that he's behind the bad crack on the streets jukebox, learns about the troubling facts behind nicole's death, and lulu finds himself caught in a crossfire. so let's have a look at the first part, which is how kanan is going to struggle with the harsh truth of what his bad crack has done. and on top of what he's done, this is going to get back to iraq. as kanan's issues always finds her way back to raqqa one way or another. she questioned where he got the money to offer to pay for dinner that they had in the last episode, and he brushed it off. he decided to tell rachel about how howard approached him, knowing that this is going to distract rag but she will hear about what kane has been up to, regardless of him distracting rock with detective howard, because she always finds out. she always has a way of finding out. she's going to hear that bodies have been dropping in the streets from canaan's bad crack. and this isn't the heat that she needs right now, because she's got plenty of other problems. but she can add this one to our list. so we're definitely going to see detective howard on raqqa's case about canaan, because no doubt, he will be sniffing around the dead bodies in the streets, paying the drug addicts to get information and arresting little rob in the process. now do feel howard can capitalize on this situation, knowing that kanan was the one who created this bad crack which dropped so many bodies in the streets along with nicole's body? howard can really capitalize on this situation if he is able to connect the dots back to kanan, like he said in the episode age trailer, then, in essence, he will have kanan's life in his hands. he'll be able to determine what happens with the investigation. like he's shown us previously in episode one, he's someone that can protect people in the streets. and if we've learned one thing about detective howard is that he's selfish. he'll always do what's best for himself. and what's best for himself right now is getting this bone marrow transplant. but the only way he can do this if he can get raquel to agree for kanan to give him the transplant, which we know is not going to be an easy task. but here's the thing, if howard holds the future of kanan's life in his hands and can determine which direction the investigation goes in with the dead bodies in the streets, then he could really use this to blackmail racquel. he can save kanan's life by twisting the investigation of the bad kraken in another direction, and in return, kanan gives him this transplant. so we'll see rachel and howard having this talk about kanan, and howard embark arresting lil rob. but what this whole situation is going to lead to is rocket having another heated conversation with marvin, because once again, he was involved with kanan with this drug dealing scheme with him having little rob and his boy set up on the highway. and what can rap do about marvin? now? she's frozen about the game. she has him up in the apartments just carrying out the refurb but he's still out here causing issues for rag, being set up on the highway. and even worse, he has kanan involved. once again. we know his relationship isn't the best with raquel. rak took over the organization from marvin. in episode 5, we found out that marvin spent a short period of time in prison, saying he got set up. and we went through how raquel could have even been the one to put him behind bars. but marvin will make an amends. i do think he will make up for it, especially with what happens to lulu. in the coming episode, he's going to go on full on rampage mode, and we'll see why he's the muscle to rack's organization. let's move on and talk about the second part of the synopsis, which is how jukebox is going to learn about nicole's death. and not just about her death, but the facts around what happened to her. because no doubt, she's gonna want answers. and she's gonna go searching for them. she's gonna find out the cause of her death, which shows kanan's bad crack, and the backtrack, which is now missing from her bag. and duke is a small girl, she'll be able to figure out what happened to nicole and the real reason for her death. i just wonder whether this is going to create some tension between her and kanan, and whether or not we'll see you confront kanan. i went through a theory of how jew could take davina away from kanan, considering he took nicole away from duke. whether or not it plays out this way, let's wait and see. but davina is someone who i do think needs to go, whether it happens at the hands of duke or kanan. where the raccoon gives the order to kanan to kill davina because she feels like she's a threat to the family and to kanan. and we will have to remember, kanan calls duke after his first kill, taking it back to power for a second. in season 3, episode 3, we learned that jukebox was his first call that kanan made when he dropped his first body and that's something we're yet to see. but bringing it back to 1991 and raising canaan, i think it will take davina betraying kanan at least once more before he actually realizes that he can't trust her. and it was davina that had given up the location to the stash house all along. so i do think the west is yet to come from davina, and there is going to be consequences. so let's see if we see anything from davina this episode. but with the whole jukebox situation, how is she gonna react to losing someone she loves? we'll set her on a dark path, and, no doubt, something that would stick with her forever. but let's talk about the last part of the synopsis, which is lulu finds himself caught in a crossfire. and yesterday we spoke about lulu's involvement in this side of things during his story arc, but we haven't actually spoken about this from unique's perspective. this is one character we haven't dived deep on in this week. so we're gonna look at this from his angle, especially because it seems like he's gonna be going on the offense this week. and he warned lulu that he was gonna go on the offense. he gave him an opportunity to turn, which, of course, you rejected. and he's gonna confirm which side he was on in this conversation with raquel. we're gonna hear him say that even when he's put under the ground, he's gonna be flying the same flag he's always been flying, because he doesn't flip for nobody or nothing. and nobody can have any doubts about lulu after this. he's someone who i do think will stay loyal to raquel and the thomases, even if he wants out of the game. but we're gonna see unique going on the offense. but is this move a mistake? is he getting too confident with himself and this whole war against raquel? he definitely has played every move right so far. and it's hard to disagree that his moves have put him in the driving seat in the war against rock and the thomases. but he did make one crucial mistake, and that was keeping scrappy alive. and i wonder if he's about to make another mistake, which could be hitting lulu. because hitting the stash house is one thing. attacking scrappy is another, but attacking lulu one of the thomases you can bet rack and marvin will retaliate with full force. there's an image that has been released with rocket meeting joaquin. and again, joaquin's bodyguards look very similar to the guys that we saw in the teaser for episode 8 who were firing. so raccoon might have just found itself, not just a new connect but some backup in a war against unique, which she needs. was something that unique may not have been expecting. and this is what could catch him by surprise. but as i said before, he's someone that could get a little overconfident with the position that he's in, and this is what could be his downfall. and hopefully we do find out more about joaquin, because we don't know anything about joaquin other than he's julia's cousin. we don't know how strong he is, what connections he has, but he seems like someone who's very powerful and someone who's capable of delivering a knockout blow. but this is also another image that raising cadence stars released, which is from episode 8, something we haven't seen yet, and something we haven't seen in this season. is racket dropping a body, but we may be seeing it soon. and this is the only side that we haven't seen to her yet, this killer side, which no doubt she has something that she can unleash when she wants to. we saw her telling marvin to deal with this inspector after he put her hands on her. we've seen this hard shell, but she knows that she'll never crack under pressure and to no man, especially not too unique. she's also shown us how dominant she is and to what extent she's willing to go to to protect kanan. she's even shown us this caring and loving side that she has, someone who duke can be open with and someone who is willing to listen to jukebox's problems and secrets. we've also seen her opening up to symphony. but this is the side i want to see more of, which she did show us in the very first episode when kanan was shot during the drive-by shootout. you could, however, argue that we don't need to see this side from raquel, because that's what she has marvin and lulu for. but i'm looking forward to seeing raquel potentially dropping her first body of the season. but let's have a look at some more images of episode 8 as we wrap up this preview. video, kanan looking very distressed. and he's probably just found out what his crack has done. and the deaths are related to his bad crack, especially nicole's death. we've got jukebox at nicole's funeral, who no doubt is going to be devastated because of her death. and this is something i spoke about earlier on in the week. you could see this coming. nicole's mom was always going to blame nicole's death on duke, and we're going to see this in episode 8 as well. but that's the rundown of episode 8 with this preview and predictions. video, and unique is going to take it to raquel. lulu's going to get caught in the crossfire. and raccoon seems like she's going to have some back up, judging by this image that we've seen with joaquin. and i'm excited for episode 8 because it's going to be the biggest episode of raising canaan so far. it's going to be intense. it's going to be an episode that keeps us on the edge of our seats, that's for sure. but let me know what you guys think down below in the comment section. drop all your thoughts and predictions on the war between unique and raquel, the fallout from kanan's bad crack, nicole's death, and lulu, who seems like he's gonna be hit. drop all your thoughts down below. and of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscribe button if you don't see everything powerbook 3, empower universe related. but as always, thank you guys for watching, and i'll see you next time. 