welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and you're now locked into the channel where we've been watching The Watchmen to break down everything that you need to know about the new season. throughout this video, we'll be recapping the second entry in the series thus far and discussing where the show could be heading in the future. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch episode 2 yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of Watchmen, episode - okay, so episode 1 saw a city under siege with the rise of the 7th cavalry, a group of white supremacists that were looking to bring chaos into the streets in the name of Rorschach whilst the masked vigilante was never like that, in the comic books, they have twisted his message, and it's up to the police to bring an end to this threat. we joined cisternae and the police department as they slowly worked to take down the rogue organization. and just when it seemed like the police were beginning to make headway in the war, the police captain was mysteriously murdered by an unknown assassin that sent a powerful message. tonight, similar to the prior entry, episode 2 has an introduction that is very much steeped in real-world history. and we open on a German commandant dictating a leaflet that will be sent out to african-american soldiers to try and convince them to surrender to the German army in the promise of a better life. history dictates to us that Germany actually used to forcibly sterilized black citizens living in Germany. and this plain lie told by the German forces in the opening reminds us just how tactical that they were as an army. they attempted to dissuade many of the soldiers by reminding them of white America is very much anti black mindset at the time. and we followed the black father from the beginning of the prior episode, who grabs one of these notes as they are being hair dropped. though he turns down the Germans offer, he takes the pamphlet home and returns to Oklahoma, where his son, who we left in the opener of the last episode, discovers them. we did theorize last time that this would be revealed to be the elderly man in the wheelchair that knew of Angela's of the ego. and episode 2 confirms this, all while it's filling in who he really is and how he knows so much. flash forward to the present, and with Judds body still swinging from a tree, Angela takes the man to her, quote unquote, bakery teller, off some steam, make him a cup of coffee and get to the bottom of what happened. we learn that the character is called will and that he is a one hundred five year old psychic who killed Jud last episode, he asked Angela if she thought that he could lift 200 pounds. and we learn this episode that this is because he was the one who killed captain and strung him up. he says that he did this with his mind, which he can use to manipulate things. and because Jude had skeletons in his closet, he says that there is a big conspiracy in the area, but if he divulges everything, then it will make Angela's head explode. Angela and I'm guessing all of the audience at this point, don't believe this, as he comes out with some inconsistencies. and she leaves at returning to the site of the captain's body, which is now turned into a crime scene. along the way, we pass a newsstand that is very similar to the one in the original comic book at which the young boy read the tales of the black freighter. was the news vendor spouted things off. there's also a copy of the new frontiersman, and a mention of the Nova Express, which many will remember from the original graphic novel as some of the many publications in it. it states that global squid Falls baffle scientists, and this is in reference to the giant alien from the end of the graphic novel, as well as the weather conditions that we noticed in the last episode. at the crime scene, Angela meets with Looking Glass, who seems to have in-depth knowledge of everything that's happened to the captain during his final few minutes. I'm telling you, this guy is an inside mole, and he seems very suspect towards Angela. and she says that he's cold, which she rebuffs with, well, why? am i crying? under here? we can clearly see that he's not crying. and I'm getting my tinfoil hat out, because I'm sure this guy is up to something. when Angela mentions her kids, he also questions it. and as we know, she is a foster mother, so this is a little close to the bone for me at least, and shows that he knows a great deal about the character, even though he isn't letting on. we are reminded of why Angela hasn't got any kids as well, in a flashback that shows firsthand the elements that were paid lip-service to in the last episode. we go to Christmas Eve with attention drawn directly to the clock, and see Angela and Cal as they are accosted by members of the cavalry that break in and begin shooting and the characters. it's an awesome action scene that really show is just how much this show has the standoffs nailed. and watching the violins play out to the song Santa baby reminded me of the opening of The Watchmen movie, in which our boy, Ozzie fought the comedian to unforgettable Angela looks like she's about to die, but she awakens in hospital to find Judd sitting beside her. he informs her that 40 police officers houses were hit in the cavalry attack. and we learned that Angela's kids are actually the children of her partner and his wife, who were killed during the night, and that she adopted them after the event, due to the attacks, the remaining police force members have resigned, and the two remain defiant, joined together and forming a strong bond through it. now this is where you start to get the idea that Jude may have been in on the attacks, and then this could be what we'll was referring to as the conspiracy earlier in the episode. after the death of their chief, the police decide that now is the perfect time for a counter-attack, and they raid the motor homes from the first episode in order to do a roundup that will weed out the cavalry members. it's over the top, a bloody and full of awesome moments that really hint at the conflict that we are slowly building towards between the two sides. we know that the police have the power to beat these guys into a bloody pulp, but they aren't playing by the rules. a nurse, even with the extra authority, Angela and Co are pretty much defenseless against the guerrilla tactics that they are able to use. without the way, Angela heads to the Greenwood Center, which is a memorial area for those that died during the real-world attack in the opening of Episode one. it's a place that allows for you to test if you deserve reparations through submitting DNA. and due to the president, Robert Redford, being in power, these are known as red for Asians. they haven't gone down well with the public, and we very much get the subtext that these things are slowly dividing the community, and they are a main point of conflict. Angela uses wills DNA, which she took from his coffee cup to see if he was really at the scene. now it also looks like there may be someone watching Angela. though this could be an innocent bystander, they just seemed so much in the frame, I start to suspect something was up. anyway, let me know if you agree with that, or if you think it's just some stranger, which yet it might just be. back home, Angela runs into what I believe is her adopted kids grandfather, who wishes to visit them, though Angela stops this. we also get a minor look at the show-within-a-show, that is the American hero story, similar to the original graphic novel had a comic with. in a comic, this follows Ralf Muller, who faked his own death and is revealed to be hooded justice, a vigilante from the graphic novel that was part of the Minutemen, though it's believed in the book that he was murdered by Ralph Miller. we actually learn that they are one of the same. this clears up a big conspiracy theory that Watchmen fans have had for decades. and I'm glad that through the show, we are getting some answers in regards to the source material. back in the Watchmen world, angela travels to geodes wake under the guise of grieving for the character. he or she meets Senator Joe Keene, who I believe may be the son of Senator John Keene from the graphic novel. he was the senator that passed the law known as the Keene act that outlawed vigilantes and made the Watchmen go into hiding. angela feigns passing out in order to be taken upstairs, and wakes up in judge room, where, after his wife leaves, allows her to put on x-ray goggles in order to investigate his personal life. now here, we get another big twist in Judds life with the reveal that he was indeed a member of the cavalry. and it's one of the most mind-blowing twists in watchmen history, showcasing that she really contrasts any one. the twists don't stop there, though, and I'll get into another big one in just a bit. cut to Ozymandias is castle, and we discover that his servants are actually clones, and not androids like I thought last time together. they are putting together the production of the watch makers Sun, which will portray the origin story of dr. Manhattan. those who've seen the film adaptation will remember this as one of the seminal moments. and it's great watching Ozzie over the moon with a stage school level production of it. he ends up killing the clone cuz a he can always make a new one. and the heir hilarious moments here, with a bit of blue dick in it as well. we finally got it back to the bakery, Angela finds well cooking eggs after somehow escaping. and she begins accusing him of setting up jerd though we know deep down that this isn't true. it's revealed through the DNA sample that will is, in fact Angela's grandfather. and there is also another relative of the two out there somewhere. we don't get confirmation on who this is, but I don't believe that they've been introduced into the show yet. Angela doesn't want to hear this, though, and arrests him, putting him in a car, before he is miraculously rescued by a crap that flies overhead and escorts him away with a magnet. this confirms that he indeed does have friends in high places. and mirroring the start of the episode, will drops a flyer out of the air, which Angela catches. it says, watch over this boy, which leaves her questioning exactly what's happened. now the ending of the episode may leave you scratching your head, but personally, I believe that this is the original a night owl Archy ship, and that it has been commandeered by Aussies since the retirement of Dan, who is now setting up the pieces to create a race war in Tulsa to end the conflict, similar to how he did in the original graphic novel. going forward, I believe that he is setting the pieces in place, and needs will out the picture due to his ability to inform Angela of exactly what's happening. and in the next episode, we will follow Ozzy's plan as it begins to hem Phil. it looks like the 7th cavalry attacks are beginning to increase, unless the government is attempting to contact dr. Manhattan in order to come back to earth and intervene in the conflict. either way, there are lots of things that could potentially happen. and no doubt, there will be a wealth of theories over where the show is heading. it definitely has been gripped and a massively preferred this entry over the prior one, with this episode having me engaged throughout. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode, as well as what you took from its ending. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out my breakdown of last week's episode, which would be linked at the end. I'm gonna be going through the series episode by episode, so it's definitely worth staying locked to the channel if you want to know more. also in the podcast called watching The Watchmen, in which we break down the graphic novel, so make sure you give that a watch. if you're a fan of the source material, you want to come chat to me after the video, then please follow me on twitter at definition whitey, or head over to my discord server, which you'll be linked in the description below. those the best ways to stay up to date with all the latest videos on the channel. so hopefully I see over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3 part 1 box, a blu-ray, which contains Civil War, Doctor, Strange homecoming, Ragnarok and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is, like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Watchmen in the comment section below. but one is gonna be chosen on the 15th of November, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck. to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 