all right, what's going on everyone? welcome back to the channel. i'll be giving you guys three reasons why i think dexter is one of the best shows of all time. these reasons aren't going to be in any particular order. so the first reason is the setting. the setting for dexter plays a crucial role in establishing the show. set in miami, dexter has countless memorable moments where the environment and miami backdrops come alive, from the dense miami swamps filled with alligators to rainstorms, or the miami nightlife that both dexter and the characters interact with. in season 8, hurricane laura plays a crucial role. in multiple seasons, characters go through downtown miami, giving a good glimpse into the food and culture. interesting side characters, something that puts dexter above and beyond as its perfectly cast side characters, with some being so well acted that they are much more. in just the first few episodes, you meet bautista legueta, matsuka rita and harry. batista is a great friend who mass pain well as he is misunderstood amongst his peers at first, and is much more than the partier. he seems to be laguerda, in many ways, is the villain of the show, after clashing with the main characters, or directly or indirectly. she is a great character to hate, although there's many scenes and countless times that she's loved in the show, you know what i mean? like, she's a great villain, but she, uh, she plays both parts very well, just phenomenal acting. matsuka is literally one of the funniest characters in tv history, finding a way to be both weird and hilarious in the best way. rita's dexter's main love interest, and despite her charming exterior, has many problems she has to deal with, including an abusive ex who is in prison and raising two young kids, as well as, you know, a relationship with the serial killer. my favorite side character though, is harry morgan, dexter's father. harry takes dexter in at a young age and is an essential and dexter's lifeline to normalcy. as without him, dexter most likely would have succumbed to his darkness as a child or ended up in prison. and just without harry, dexter probably wouldn't have made it very far so the last reason i think that dexter is one of the best shows of all time is how it incorporates its flashbacks. flashbacks are a part of many shows, but no shows use flashbacks as well as dexter did, when using them to tell the audience crucial parts of the character's life, from suppressed memories to the series long visions dexter has of deceased friends and relatives. they're truly phenomenal. i think one of my favorite flashbacks in the entire show, it's a very simple one, but dexter, he often talks to his father. and this is, of course, is after his father's died many years ago, he has visions of his father. and it's during one of the thanksgiving episodes. they're all gathered around, and they're just having dinner, and harry appears, and he just kind of gives dexter a knot of approval as dexter smiles on, and it's just a kind of a wholesome moment. and just the characters such, so well acted, harry morgan's character. so, yeah, the flashbacks are phenomenal. and it's not just harry, it's multiple characters. and, uh, that's why i wanted to put flashbacks. it's kind of a separate category because, uh, although harry is the main one who the flashbacks involve, it does involve other characters like dexter's brother, and just awesome stuff. so very well done by the by the show. so that's gonna be it for this episode. i just wanted to, you know, list a few things why i thought dexter was one of the best shows ever. i can't wait for the new season. uh, if you guys like this, leave a comment and subscribe, like all that stuff. that helps the algorithm. and i'll be putting out some more shows, or some more episodes about dexter, some random stuff. so i'll see you guys next time. 