welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about deliverance for atlanta businessmen. louis medlock, ed gentry, bobby tripp and drew ballinger, decide to canoe down a river in the remote northern georgia wilderness before it is damned. lewis, an experienced outdoorsman, is the leader. his close friend ed has been on several trips, but lacks louis machismo, while bobby and drew are novices. on route to their launch site, the men, bobby in particular, are condescending towards the locals who are unimpressed by the city boys. at a local gas station, drew, with his guitar, engages a young banjo playing boy in a musical duel, dueling banjos. although drew enjoys it, the boy does not acknowledge him. when prompted for a congratulatory handshake. traveling in pairs, the foursomes two canoes are briefly separated. bobby and ed land briefly and encounter a pair of mountain men emerging from the woods, one carrying a shotgun and missing two front teeth. following a verbal altercation, bobby is forced at gunpoint, to strip his ear, twisted to bring him to his hands and knees, and then ordered to squeal like a pig before being raped. while ed is bound to a tree and held at gunpoint by the other man. hearing the commotion, lewis sneaks up and kills the rapist with an arrow. the other man quickly escapes into the woods. after a brief but hot-headed debate between lewis and drew, ed and bobby vote to side with lewis plan to bury the body and continue on as if nothing had happened. the four continue down river, but the canoes reach a dangerous stretch of rapids. as drew and ed reach the rapids in the lead canoe, drew shakes his head and falls headlong into the water. it is unclear why. the canoes collide on the rocks, spilling lewis, bobby and ed into the river and breaking one of the canoes in half. lewis breaks his femur, and the others are washed ashore alongside him. in a gorge, lewis, who believes drew has been shot, encourages ed to climb to the top of the gorge and dispatch the other man who is stalking them from above. ed reaches the top and hides out until morning, when the stalker appears on the top of the cliff with a rifle. ed clumsily shoots and manages to kill him, accidentally stabbing himself with one of his own arrows in the process. the dead man apparently has all his teeth, but on closer inspection, is revealed to be wearing dentures. ed and bobby weigh down the body in the river to ensure it will never be found. when they encounter drew's body downriver, they do the same. upon finally reaching the small town of aintree, they take lewis to the hospital. the men carefully concoct a cover story for the authorities about drew's death, lying about their ordeal to sheriff bullard in order to escape a possible double murder charge. the sheriff does not believe them, but has no evidence to arrest them, and tells the men never to come back the trio. vow to keep their story of death and survival a secret for the rest of their lives. in the final scene, ed awakes startled by a nightmare in which a bloated hand rises from the lake. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 