hello and welcome to movies in five minutes or less. this is a recap of the 2014 action movie, kingsman, the secret service, starring taryn edgerton and samuel l jackson. warning, spoilers ahead. leon leonwyn, a probationary secret agent, sacrifices himself to protect his superior, hairy heart from an explosion during a mission in the middle east in 1997. harry returns to london, blaming himself for lee's death. he visits lee's widow michelle, and presents a medal to her young son, gary on win called eggsy. the medal has an emergency assistance number engraved on it. seventeen years later, eggsy is a stereotypical chav, having dropped out of training for the royal marines despite his intelligence and talents for both gymnastics and parkour. eggsy dials the emergency assistant's number on his medal. after being arrested for car theft, harry arranges eggsy's release and explains to him that he is a member of kingsman, a private intelligence service founded by british elite who lost their heirs in world war one and decided to use their money to protect the world. the organization is named after a tailor shop that clothed them, which they now use as a front for their bases. harry, who uses the code name galahad, explains that the agency has a vacancy as agent lancelot was killed by the assassin gazelle while trying to rescue university professor james arnold from kidnappers. harry chooses eggsy as his candidate. he joins other hand-picked candidates, such as roxy, who makes you be friends. merlin, a senior kingsman, is in charge of training. only eggsy and roxy eventually make it through the arduous selection process. when eggsy fails the final test, roxy takes over as the new agent lancelot. merlin notes that professor arnold is no longer missing. harry tries to question him at the imperial college london, but a microchip in professor arnold's neck explodes and kills him. the detonation signal was traced by kingsman to a facility owned by gazelle's boss, richmond valentine. valentine is an internet billionaire and philanthropist who has provided free cellular and internet connectivity to everyone on the planet. harry impersonates a billionaire and dines with valentine to try to ascertain his plans. during the conversation, valentine hints that he knows harry is a secret agent. but in order to secretly track his movements and learn more about his organization, valentine lets harry leave unharmed. harry discovers valentine's connection to an obscure hate group's church in kentucky, and travels there wearing video transceiver equipped glasses so that eggsy merlin and the kingsman's leader, arthur are able to watch via video link. it turns out that it is a trap, as valentine's sim cards are being used to broadcast a tone that causes everyone in the church, including harry, to become uncontrollably violent. as a result of harry spy training, he is the only survivor. valentine explains what happened outside the church before shooting harry in the face. when exe returns to kingsman headquarters, he notices that arthur has the same scar on his neck as valentine's other converts. arthur tries to poison eggsy with a poison brandy, but eggsy switches glasses with him, before arthur realizes he is about to die. he repeats valentine's reasoning to exe. global warming is the earth's equivalent of a thief, and humanity is a virus that has infected the planet. valentine intends to send his neurological wave around the world via satellite network, believing that the resulting calling of the human race will prevent extinction due to global warming. only valentine's chosen ones will be spared. arthur dies after activating the poison he thought he had given eggsy. valentine is being pursued by eggsy, merlin and roxy. roxy uses high altitude balloons to break up valentine's network by destroying one of his satellites. but valentine replaces it and activates the signal, starting his call and sending the world into a mad frenzy of destruction. exe is discovered by charlie hasketh, a failed kingsman candidate, and both eggsy and merlin are cornered. merlin activates the implanted chips, failsafe, killing almost everyone with a chip. valentine's celebrity jail inmates valentine himself and gazelle are the only villains who are unaffected. eggsy kills gazelle and uses one of her sharpened prosthetic legs to impale valentine and kill him. ii, stopping the signal and ending the worldwide carnage. after that, exe has a sexual encounter with tilda, the crown princess of sweden, whom valentine kidnapped. in a mid-credits scene, eggsy, now known as galahad, offers his mother and half sister a new home away from his abusive stepfather, who is knocked out in the same way that harry knocked out a gangster earlier in the film. thanks for watching movies in five minutes or less. don't forget to subscribe to our channel. till next time. 