[Music]. welcome to the breakdown, when we break down all the messed up [ __ ]. now let me first say this guys, this movie is very sad. this movie isn't a joke or anything to play around with, but it's about the true story of a girl named Carrie, who has a very terrible home life in very terrible adults around her that make you just lose faith in people. Carrie is a young British girl who lives with her mother and father. but whether it be sexual abuse, prostitution or self-harm, Carrie doesn't have a life that kids deserve to have. so final warning, this movie is about a child that is abused and taken advantage of, and will include rape of a child and verbal abuse. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown. the movie starts off with a man, the father, and a girl, Carrie, singing in the car. they get on a boat, looking around the ocean and the cruise ships. then we cut to that girl at school. after a productive day of school, Carrie goes home, only to hear her parents arguing. it's normal for her though. but the argument starts getting physical, and the mom kicks him out of the house, which he is definitely glad to have happen. at night, rather than be sleep, she is kept up by the cries of her mother. the next day, Carrie has a music presentation, but is happy to see her father there after. we cut - later that night, and we see Carrie is sitting by as the father plays poker with his friends. after the first game, the ante goes up and carries father is broke, so he asked his friend if he can pay for him to get into the game. as a result of letting him borrow money, the father lets his friend borrow his daughter. the man brings Carrie away, and we don't see what happens. we then cut to her going to school. once school is over, Carrie is the only one and hearing to go home, because any place is better than going there. then at home, carries mom, finds dust on a cabinet because she didn't clean enough. she starts tripping, grabbing her daughter and forcing her inside a cabinet. at night, Carrie hears her mother crying again, but this time the mother calls for her to come into the room. she goes in, and the moms request isn't a hug, is to get or oh-six from her own daughter. the next day, Carrie finds her mom gone. but this man here seems to be her new companion. his name is grim. and at a picnic, it seems Carrie enjoys his presence. then we see Carrie is some type of field day, which family figures are also a part of. instead of her father, Graham is there participating, which is something Carrie is happy to see. then later, Graham gives Carrie of prison, which is something Carrie hasn't gotten before. she opens it and we see it's a dress. she tries it on and comes downstairs, joining the little party with all the adults. they are playing a game where Carrie tells one of them to do something. once his grams turn to do something, Carrie is told to tell him to stand like a statue. she is then told to take off his pants, which is something she definitely hesitates doing, as what I then the same person tells her to take down his underpants, which leaves Carrie uncomfortable, but the adults are laughing. then sadly, we see gram is on top of Carrie with tears in her eyes. this is a hard scene to watch, guys, but basically, he tells her, don't tell anybody about this and starts to rape her as she cries. well, that was the end of part 1, which is with this creepy picture. part 2 starts with Carrie looking for her dad, giving him the bills and telling him that gram has been sexually abusing her. dad is man now going home to beat ass he breaks through a game and then breaks through a window, telling Carrie to go in and unlock the door. Carrie goes through, but falls down his grandma. the mother walk in. grandma was the door, but it's in, attacked for sexually assaulting his daughter. the dad didn't leave, saying it's not his job to look after his [ __ ] of a daughter. on the floor, Carrie grabs a shard of glass, cutting her arm multiple times with no hesitation. then the two locker into a closet, telling her, don't ever tell anybody about being raped again. after a couple of days, the father picks up Carrie and they drive around at night. he parks, telling her to stand on the corner, forcing her to oblivious Lea prostitute herself. below jobs are 30 hand job for 25 no little girl should ever be doing this. then a random woman comes as Carrie stands on the corner, asking what she is doing. she figures out Carrie is being pimped out, and it's furious. the only issue is, she isn't furious because a little girl is being made into a prostitute. she is furious because this is her corner, and her pimp will be mad. the father grabs Carrie and they get out of there. then the father gets paid by a trucker to get a [ __ ] from the little girl. after the deed, she seems happy to at least help out her father. she goes home, going back to our room, discovering ground waiting there, possibly to have his way with her again. later, we see Carrie watching TV. but when mom comes home, she pretends to clean. the mom sees dude is though, and slaps the spirit out of Carrie. she walks past a mocking grim, saying, piss off. but he lies by saying she put her middle finger of the moms chases her into her room. and Carrie isn't scared to talk. bang. the mom drags her out and pushes her downstairs, which makes her to pass out. part 2 ends now, again with that scary picture. part three starts with caring at the hospital with bruised ribs and a hurt leg. the doctor then talks to the mother, saying Kerry has quite heavy vaginal bleeding, enough to where the doctor suggests she see a gynecologist. the mother things Kerry had a miscarriage. then we see Kerry cutting off her hair in a wild manner, which makes her look like a boy condom. after class is over, a teacher takes notice of her wild hair. she goes home singing, Graham bring loads of beer. but in response, she turns around, avoiding going home. we see her lay down in a wooded area to sleep. the next day, that teacher talks to Carrie about her not doing their homework, which she says is because she watches too much TV. Carrie looks at a school board on requesting that smart teacher who kind of knew something was up at home, she finds a hotline poster for abused kids. okay, guys, so this scene is the scene that definitely made me almost cry. but she uses a phone booth to call that hotline, but hangs up just as quick. Carrie calls that hotline, again, not speaking at all into the phone. a woman with a soft voice talks, telling her, don't be afraid answering every question that Carrie has in her mind. difficult to speak. just take your time. tell me about it. oh, come on. okay, guys, let me wipe away to tears. but we then see Carrie wandering around a field, and that teacher notices her. he runs to her, and it seems she has a bleeding wrist. he asked what is going on, and she says she can't go home. then it seems Carrie got some help, because these foster people read a paper detailing the horse she had while at home. then carries about to be examined by a gynecologist, but Carrie doesn't want to be touched there again. then one of those foster people brings Carrie to a woman's house who will be her foster parent. one more good thing is that gram is going to prison, and she now has a new home. but don't put your cups down yet, guys. later we see that Carrie vandalizes her room multiple times, as a result of anger, I guess. then the foster people meet with Carrie, telling her that gram actually is going to be set free and won't be going to court for raping a little girl because there wasn't enough evidence. the unfairness causes Carrie's of vent eliezer room, completely destroying it and seeking privacy in a corner. part three ends with that creepy pic. again in part 4 stars with Carrie being moved to a childcare home full of lots of rowdy kids. for some reason, though, Carrie goes back to her mom's house, looking at people who she shouldn't have to look at anymore. we see she comes back from this home with a black eye. and she takes up smoking, catching the attention of a pimp. he uses his words to get her to trust him, knowing exactly how she feels. the pimp brings Carrie in another - a hippie van, and she gets ready to give up her body. her first client wants full sex. and the man comes in to have sex with an out-of-place 13-year old girl. later, she goes back to the childcare home and rice this on a mirror with lipstick. I guess this is what she thinks she is. Carrie visits the teacher, hoping to live at his house. the teacher is probably the only person that Carrie enjoys. another day, the teacher comes home finding Carrie there, who snuck in with a spare key. she's trying to hopefully stay with him by cleaning. he tells her that there's a perfect place for her to go, but she isn't so receiving of the idea. then at the childcare home, a childcare worker comes in, talking to her about that degrading message she wrote on a mirror. then he starts looking at centric, moving closer and telling her exactly the same thing that Graham said, before raping her again. Kari is raped by a person tax with helping children. later, Kari visits the teacher, believes after seeing him talking to an old friend. in response, she goes to the child care home, putting on a dress and getting ready to prostitute herself. she goes to the trucking place where she allows herself to be a prostitute so she can pay to live in a better childcare place. then, after collecting enough money, she talks to the foster lady to help her get in, but is rejected. angry, she takes all her belongings from the childcare place. she is in now and catches a cab. she goes to the better area where the better childcare places. she offers her money, but is let in for free. the nice woman takes her to a new room, giving nice hospitality. then we cut to this telling us that Kari is taking time to trust these people. it seems like Kari can finally take a break from being in hell. and the woman takes one look at Kari, with no exchange of words, she sees inside that this girl has been through something kids should never have to be through. she gives Kari a hug, and as they embrace, Kerry less all her grief out and loud crying. remember, this is based on a real story. so not only did the bad people get off free, but Kerry is free from hell. the movie ends with Kerry looking on, and it's revealed she went to study at a university. well, guys, that probably was one of the saddest movies for me to ever talk about so far, and is in line with movies like the bunny game in some of Larry Clark's movies. well, now do we know that Kerry can rest easy? let's talk about the most disturbing and most enjoy a moment in that spooky stuff. so upset before, but I'll say it again, crimes against children or something that I can't ignore. many people believe I'm desensitized to movies like this and more. but the reality is, I just mentally choose what affects me in these movies. but this movie will affect you no matter what. Carrie was a 13 year old girl, same age as my little brother, whose birthday was today, who suffered abuse from people that were supposed to reject her. the mostess third moment is a tie between the rape and the hotline phone call. the rape was hard to see, especially since it was a child. when the phone call made me almost start crying almost as much as Lee's death. the most enjoyment is the ending when the woman embraces Carrie, who finally gets to let out her grief. not once in this movie that we actually truly see her cry or let out her sadness. and it was good to expel that instead of keeping it bottled up. now I want to say thank you guys for watching this video. and remember, guys, this is disturbing. breakdowns. things got to get more disturbing than usual. hope you guys enjoyed this video. if you did, consider watching all these disturbing breakdowns and this playlist on the right. if you have it so be it. click on that pretty spooky rice logo to subscribe today. thanks for watching. spooky out 