the professor, no criminal record. hasn't renewed his id since he was 19. as a ghost, but a very smart ghost. each hour we printed 8 million euros, 1400 sheets of currency grade paper, each producing 140 050 euro bank notes. we have it. they're taking a tunnel. what? yes, they have a bunch of plastic explosive and gasoline tanks. yeah, stand up. be a blood path for sure. but there's a way to contact the police and guide them through the raid. i have a cell phone in my office, inside my coat. i don't know how to get there though. [Music], kill her and be quick. your love story has sent our escape plan to hell. the police know who you are. oh. [Music], there's no [ __ ] blood anywhere, though, not a single drop. don't you get me here. come on. don't be stupid. [Music], do you have bad aim or do blondes make you nervous? it's not easy when she's begging you not to kill her. this is condor three to headquarters. we have movement on the roof suarez. tell your snipers to get ready to act. you killed monica. god damn it. she was innocent. i don't think they were hostages. hands up. don't mess with me. get up. i'm talking to you. get down here. don't tell me. do it. the one way in without being detected by their cameras is through this underground access tunnel. it leads to the basement, which connects to the ventilation shafts. in that case, officer lobo here and i will go good. assistant inspector rubio will go in as a nurse with the two doctors. according to the doctors, the operation shouldn't take more than 30 minutes. but you can't go in until precisely 1900 hours. you'll both be wearing the same overalls and masks as the kidnappers. that way you'll blend in. we need precision timing in order for this to work. if you have weapons, or anything that emits a signal, i urge you to place them here. we're tracing every signal. [Music], of course, take the glasses only. you'll need those. [Music], raquel, they've swapped masks. it's not dolly anymore. it's gonna be a massacre. nairobi decided to use all of her effort toward the common good. instead of telling on them. she helped denver and moscow save monica's life. abort entry. let's change the map about entry. damn perfect. those keys in that car will take us to where it all began. get rid of fingerprints. to crush it up like they do in a [Applause] junkyard. [Music], what are you doing here? i wasn't stealing. made himself look like human waste. but he needed more than that to win this game. he did what he had to do get going. [Music]. andre defoniosa, currently an outlaw with delusions of grandeur. those proofs of life you send are worthless. so we have no choice but to go in. you're asking me to let you in? yeah, we're going in. did you really think you could sneak in a microphone? and you thought they wouldn't try to ensure my safety? rio frost ryo, or sometimes ray, that's what his mom called him when he was a kid. expecting more from a man who will only live another couple of months. what's wrong berlin? he has helmer's myopathy, an extremely aggressive degenerative disease with a life expectancy of 14 to 25 months. sorry for the intrusion, but i've been wanting to taste that cider. you promised that microphone wasn't gonna pass a body search. that's why i asked the crime unit to place a message inside. hello, son. we've hired you a very good lawyer, and he's been able to get you a plea deal. [ __ ] traitor. you don't want to believe it, but there's a spy, and it can only be you or your partner. two hours. just make it here. okay, remember the second stall on the left. i'll leave all the tools here. what the hell are we going to do with some scissors and a saw? i wasn't making a deal. i kept hearing [ __ ] whispers in the background. hey, look, who do you think you are, kid? huh? your job is to get things done, not make choices. he heard them, and if he said he didn't take the deal, he didn't. okay, yeah. the stranger you just poured your heart out. guys, he's been in here. raquel, he was inside this goddamn tent. did you look into him? because i did. have you even done your [ __ ] job? he owns a store right down the street from here, where he supposedly makes cider. these are all the tools we managed to steal, get undressed, tape them to your body and then go down to the basement, cut the pipes in the boiler room and find anything you can use as a weapon. and then you turn into a traitor, a goddamn traitor. i don't want to see your face anymore. i have reason to suspect you're hiding something in that cider shop. you own two choices. we can do this the easy way, or we can sit here and wait until i get a warrant. but i am warning you, you 