any symptoms? headache, dry cough, nope. 38.5 good. but this is april's third straight week in the clove award. we're short staffed. april volunteered. dr halstein, covetous was negative. you're good to go. she's gonna be okay. oh yeah. thanks crockett. i'm glad you're taking care of her. um i found her unconscious in her bathroom, syringe in her arm. three weeks straight. don't start, ethan, you're putting yourself at risk. sabina ferrani, we're running a trial at med for an all heart failure medication. dr ramsey is principal investigator. he thought it'd be good to have a ed docker's kpi. is that why you didn't want to bring me in? kid with leukemia? because i lost my little girl. and what you just did, that's why i don't tell people about my past. no, you trust me and i let you down. well, you know, i have no choice but to report dr asher, she blamed me for not trusting her. and i see now that i i blamed her for being an addict. i moved out of my house. i said goodbye to my son. you know, we try to protect them as much as we can, until that last moment when we, uh, we can't. when i get out of rehab, i want to go somewhere. i was thinking, l.a decent weather for a change. i love you, but i can't be the reason you stay sober. maybe in a year or so you'll want to come visit disneyland. of course, i feel bad i gave you covid you because i screwed up. i could have killed you withlanic quitting, you could be named chief me. so i am proud to announce your new chief is dr ethan choi. [Applause]. because if i were in your shoes, guy comes in underneath me then leap frogs me to be my boss, i'd want to kill somebody. okay, go get your mom's coat, honey. stan, i feel i have to make some changes around here. last week, when ms goodwin and i discussed my new role last week, and i believe a good leader takes responsibility for everything that happens on his watch. a good leader trusts that those under him know what they're doing. so you guys doing a little endoscopy? huh? yeah. the x-rays weren't conclusive, so trying to figure out what's going on. i have more experience. i'm a better diagnostician. well, you have a real talent. dr, halstead, no, of course. is it because of dr asher, because i fell in love with someone struggling with drugs. you're impulsive. you break the rules. you trust your gut over everything and everyone else you expect. you're taking my daughter to arab freaking zona. dan, please, can we? dr, verrani dr, ronnie, hold up. [Music]. you 