in this episode of berserk, we have more bloodshed, little kids getting murked and more destruction in the wake of the black swordsman guts. if you haven't seen the first episode right here, click the notification at the top right or in the description, or else you'll be lost. let's see what's in store for this episode of so i want to say, rest in peace. took in tarou myria. this video was ready a long time ago, but i kept pushing it off. i finally decided to upload but then i heard that the author of this magnificent story has passed away. so for miria, i would do all of berserk, but in his own special, limited series on my channel. this is good for anybody that doesn't want to just see berserk, for disturbing comics. that way you can get more than berserk. again, if you haven't seen the first video, watch that one first. so this for maria. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up stuff, stay tuned for the finale of berserk, volume one. [Music], guts and puck, the demonic brand of death. what? what'd you do that for? i'm not in the mood to keep pets and one other thing. i don't like elves, and i don't like you, gus. you look like red. harlow, relax. you look like red dead revolver head ass. you're weak, and it pisses me off. elves just buzz around and talk makes me wanna squash them. puck screams, but gus has a little smirk on his face. walking away, it's starting to rain, and a passing priest is riding by. you need a ride? there's no trouble, young man. no, leave me be for your own sake. evil spears are chasing me. well, too bad, young man, but we have god on our side. guts, figures that if anything happens to them, he won't care. and gets on the cart. you look like a mercenary to me, young man. well, something like that. i don't like that profession. the priest's nephew was a mercenary as well, only to die as a nameless soldier who could have enjoyed life and had a family, but suddenly with scary sharpness in his voice. what's wrong with that old man? he died doing what he wanted to, no matter what. he was happy. once you die, that's it. nothing comes after that. suddenly, though, some weird organism drops inside of the carriage. this organism makes a target have scary nightmares. and gus finds himself in one, nude and escaping from the demons that surround him. a huge form of that mass from earlier is about to destroy him. but guts wakes up from the nightmare wrestling this thing off him. it's an incubus, some evil spirit that feeds off fear and causes nightmares. good says that evil spirits are always after him because of that brand, it bleeds whenever danger is near. now notice how guts tells the priest and the little girl to stay inside. yet he would clearly say things like he doesn't care what happens to people caught in others battles. i'm telling you, guts cares more than even he knows. incubi are born of the mixed blood, and nut of those fallen from hatred and malice, demons will use corpses to attack. sure enough, they are rising from the ground. stupid girl, don't get out of the carriage. collette is impaled by one of the rising demons. guts knows he has to fight to survive, so he doesn't look any further still, what commences is a deadly battle between fallen soldiers and a black swordsman. you can't kill something that's already dead. guts, it's pointless. i just have to remind them that they are better off not moving. [Music], demons have possessed the little girl's body and made the corpse decapitate her father. it's kind of a slap to the face a little. a big point about the father, or the priest, was how he was a man of god, yet god did nothing to stop a demon from destroying him and his daughter. i'm just saying that's one way somebody's gonna look at it for a moment. guts envisions the girl how she was before frozen. he's so blinded that he lets her stab him. upon realization, he chops the girl's corpse in half. puck, he's in comedic routine right now, but he's very concerned about guts, which is very admirable of him. yet he continues to put all the skeletons back to sleep. it's possible that he fights the entire night since his morning time. once he's done and the demons retreat into hell, puck tells the former mercenary, it's not your fault what happened, guts. guts laughs at this notion, just like how i laughed at the end of last video when he went berserk. you're damn right. it's not my fault. they were just small fry who couldn't even fight back. if they want to live their life freely, they need to fight back, so they're better off dead. speaking of the demons, issue final warnings of the night. so long as you have that brand, wherever you are, you belong to us. your anger, your sadness, your pain. gus desires freedom and won't let fate itself take it from him. he fires his hand cannon in the sky to let the demons know that he'll always keep fighting. this is the world that guts lives in. puck realizes. i'm sure y'all recognize this frame. gus leaves to go find the next apostle. well, that was a great chapter. what we got out of this is that guts is a very hardened human being who is always ready to rage war against life itself, living life freely despite so many barriers trying to kill him. so it doesn't really seem like he's free yet. but it is what it is. now let's binge watch the next episode as we get introduced to the count and his vicious appetite. [Music], end of the black swordsman arc the count. [Music], the accused screams that they aren't a heretic, that they aren't guilty. but their cries are silenced as they are beheaded. this is the fifth one this month. your excellency, his holiness, his holiness, all right, this is all for the good of my subjects, so they can live a peaceful existence. the black swordsman picks up the head of the accused. one of the guards sees guts, being morbidly curious, guts spits in his face and throws the head all the way up to humpty dumpty, up there, letting humpty know that the apostles are in danger, you specifically, count. then he just breaks someone's face with his metal arm. gus just smiles and twists blood on his brand. this is who i am. meanwhile, gus finds himself speeding through the town with soldiers at all ends. we knew how that would end up. is it time to go berserk again? [Music], what an incredible hunk of metal, massive thicken cuts. look out above you. [ __ ] flashes and saves guts from being shot by arrows. gus dispatches the whole platform with those fools standing on them. suddenly everybody gets quiet. lord zorndark's coming. it's lord zandaric. lord zondark, that's quite a sword you got there, little ass boy. what you gonna do with that little stick boy? anyway, they started fighting. just swanging out here. you ain't got nowhere left to run now. youngin the force blows back the armor. guts holds the sword with enough strength that lord zandar's hammer bends back, reducing the hammer to shrapnel, which shreds zondark's face. guts just brutalized dude in front of his subordinates. damn it. there's no end to them. suddenly, gas bombs are dropped all over the floor over here. quickly, some weird person calls guts and puck over, and they run away in surprise and walk through a different area of the town. people are hiding in their homes, seeing the black swordsman outside. don't mind them. people are a little thing to be feared in this town. oh, here we are. well, this is some knowledgeable person. he's got various species trapped in jars. well, i don't want to say trapped, but they're in jars. puck even finds a female elf in here. this the goofiest face guts makes so far. quite a collection you have here, shorty. i bet if you were accused of being a heretic, you have a hard time explaining all this. why did you help me? i saw you at the execution grounds today. seems like you want revenge against the count, right? i'm the one asking the questions. pug gives guts a lesson in class, but is freaked out seeing the face of the retired physician. i can't afford for you to die. i want you to kill the count. i want him to be cut up into tiny little pieces for what he did to me. he's a demon that ate parts of me. i know what he is already. i see i have something to show you. this is [ __ ] gus is shocked to see such a thing. it's an object known as a behelet. whatever such an object is, it should be related to all the apostles and such. that is the end of berserk, volume one. i'm doing straight berserk videos until we get to volume four. by the way, it's not that long, like two, three more videos at most. i love berserk. excellent story, and we haven't even gotten to the good parts yet. a hundred percent respect to the resting mangaka of the story. every single line in shade that was a result of those hands is fully appreciated. stay tuned for disturbing comics crossed family values. and berserk will be a mainstay on the channel, yet also giving more space to other manga and comics too. so that's why it's his own series. thanks for watching. spooky out 