sarah is a teenage girl looking forward to move away from her abusive father, but gets locked up in the basement before she managed to move out. welcome to total recaps. today we will explain a 2021 crime thriller titled girl in the basement. take a seat and enjoy. our protagonist, sarah, and her father, don, take marie to the hospital since she is having respiratory problems. when they arrive at the hospital, don tells sarah that she must remain silent. paramedics attempt to save marie's life by giving her oxygen, but all they receive is a flat cardiac line on the monitor. following that, we see the family seated at a table. don and his wife, irene have two children, amy and sarah, whom they are raising. sarah is a rebellious young woman who sneaks out to dance with her lover around a campfire. his name is christopher, and he is a musician who plays the guitar and sings. he performs a song to sarah and tells her that he loves her in the process. when sarah returns home the following morning, don is enraged and yells at his daughter in front of the whole family. he claims that as long as she continues to reside in his home, she will abide by his regulations. sarah makes arrangements with amy and irene in order to live on her own for the first time. don overhears the discussion and goes to his bomb shelter in the basement to prepare it for the worst. he intends to confine his daughter in the house so that she would not be able to leave him one day while his wife was away. don asks sarah to help him move some things to the basement. he leads her to his secret bunker and closes the door behind her. the situation is serious. she is actually stuck in a bomb shelter with no escape route. we are provided with a day counter. this is only the first day of many, many more to come. sarah is living in a cage, much like a caged animal. the keypad can only be used three times before the air circulation is turned off. don assures her that she will earn her privileges and that she is being punished as a result of her actions. then he exploits his own daughter as punishment. irene is concerned that her daughter has gone away and contacts the authorities. due to sarah's age of 18, don and irene consult with the police, who believe she is a runaway, and they are unable to do anything since she is a minor. sarah has wounded and abused. on day seven, she thinks about christopher to help her get through the difficult time she is going through right now. christopher, in an ironic twist, comes up to interrogate don about sarah's whereabouts. don fabricates a story in which she has run off with another guy. then he takes sarah downstairs, compels her to put on a red dress, presents her with a birthday cake and abuses her once again. when he comes down the second time, she is prepared and attacks him with an improvised weapon she has made. he violates her once again. it is day 354 and sarah is pregnant, ready to deliver a baby. she is preparing for the arrival of the baby with the help of a nursing book. neither medical help nor appropriate medical hygiene are provided during the delivery of the kid. seven years have passed. sarah is raising her two kids she got with her own father. they are all confined to the basement. with no access to anything other than one another. christopher is continuing on the lookout for sarah, and he tells amy about the lies he heard from dawn. amy is willing to acknowledge that her father has been violent toward her mother, and believes that don has done something to her sister. then she approaches don, accusing him of having done something wrong. don is irritated by irene's desire to consult with a private investigator. they get into an argument, and don loses his basement keys. when amy takes them up and starts looking about the basement, she is quickly apprehended by an angry dawn. sarah gives birth to her third child and persuades dawn to leave the baby on the doorway with a letter from her requesting that he take care of her newborn child. don abandons the infant and expects irene to locate it. his attention is drawn to a tiny letter sarah had written, in which she begged her mother to contact the police since she was imprisoned in the basement. 14 years have passed. marie and michael, the youngsters are becoming older. they suffer from social anxiety as a result of having lived their whole lives in a subterranean bunker. they are completely oblivious to how terrible their current circumstances in reality. they become aware of a leak in the ceiling and begin digging their way out with a spoon to find safety. sarah is digging all night long, and she is also expecting another child. the hole goes to the front yard, and she shines a light to attract the attention of a nearby neighbor. when the neighbor knocks on don's door and informs him of the situation, don rushes downstairs and hits his pregnant daughter, leading her to become miscarried after 18 years in prison. don informed sarah about the existence of her second son, thomas, who lives just above them. in order to turn marie and michael against their mother, he employs thomas as a tool. they are clamoring to be let out, and sarah isn't having it. she loses her cool and falls on the floor sobbing wildly. she thinks about christopher, her lover, and the affection he has shown her throughout the years. sarah opens out about dawn to her children and teaches them the truth. it's understandable that the youngsters are feeling overwhelmed. later, when don appeared again, michael attacked him, but it was pointless. don only got even more angry. don's situation isn't much better on the surface, a continuous source of conflict between him and his wife, he is dismissed from his work and his home is in foreclosure. in order to relief himself of the responsibility of caring for sarah and the children, he uses a hose to feed carbon monoxide into the basement air vents as they sleep. don gets caught in the garage by thomas, who is perplexed as to what his grandpa is up to. don had a change of heart and decides to save their lives. marie suffers from breathing difficulties and is experiencing an asthma episode that need medical care. don is begged by sarah to take them to the hospital, and she even addresses him as dad. he takes them to the emergency room right away. after 20 years in captivity, we find ourselves at the beginning of the film, as marie is being taken to the hospital for medical treatment. sarah is very concerned about marie's well-being, and is thrilled when the doctors are able to save her life. in response to the nurse's request for additional information about marie's medical history, she is informed that she is homeschooled and has only received natural treatments. sarah carefully searches the hospital, looking for a way out, but she seems exhausted and puzzled in her effort to flee. sarah spills water on the medical forms to create a distraction and separates from don. sarah arrives to a nurse seconds before dawn arrives, and confesses that she needs assistance. when a police officer goes to speak to don, don is taken into custody. maria is relieved when sarah informs her that they are now safe. the home is swarming with police officers, all of whom assist in freeing michael. irene and thomas are devastated when they see michael gasping for air as they take him out of the basement. don has an overview of everything from the rear of the police car. later, the freshly gathered family is having some fun outside. they are enjoying their freedom on a sunny, beautiful day marie then sees someone approaching. it is chris, and he goes to speak with sarah. during their walk, he expresses regret for not having tried more to locate her and for accepting her father's false tale about her disappearance. he presents her with a gift, a pink motorcycle helmet that he purchased for her when she was 18 years old and they were preparing to start on a trip. they take their long-awaited motorbike trip together, having finally found happiness together. thank you for watching. if you want to see more, make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications. see you later. 