[Music]. welcome to the heavy snyder show. i'm your host, paul, aka, the guy who's been dying to break down what zack snyder's army of the dead entrails. in this video, we're going to be going through the full story of the movie, it's easter eggs, and also the ending. full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, then sticking around for this video is a great mistake. however, clicking the thumbs up button if you enjoy the breakdown isn't. and don't forget to subscribe, as that's a no-brainer, like a zombie who hasn't eaten in a while. yes, the puns are terrible, but without the way. thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into army of the dead. okay, so there's been a lot of speculation over whether this movie is connected to snyder's other zombie film, dawn of the dead. whilst you can probably draw your own head cannon over how the films are linked, insider did come out with an interview earlier in the week which cleared up a lot of the confusion. now, whilst there have been theories that after the events of dawn, the government held on to a zombie who would later go on to become the alpha zeus. snyder has stated that the movies aren't connected. whilst we know little of the world before the events of the film, we will eventually get some answers, as netflix have already greenlit a prequel, which will follow the safe cracker ludwig, titled army of thieves. this movie actually finished filming in december 2020, so we can probably expect to see it at some point, either towards the end of the air or at the start of the next one. netflix have also greenland anime television series called army of the dead las vegas, which will follow some of the characters from the movie and what they did in the early stages of the outbreak. so we have a lot of things that will be filling in character back stories and potentially even the origin of the alpha zombie. zeus, maybe in doing all these spin-offs, they'll even find something to bring joss whedon's career back from the dead. and i said, oh, you have a nata. now, that kind of takes us to the opening of the movie, which follows the escape of the aforementioned god of the dead. the creature has been kept underground at area 51 for several years, and when the military transport him across the desert, he manages to break free. after someone is getting brains, and they crash their car into the carrier. is getting brains? a zombie pun? i don't know, but we're leaving it in any way. now, he kills almost all of the soldiers there before setting his eyes on the city of sin to make one of the most unique settings for a zombie movie, this side of train to bassan. the government quarantined the entire location. and i love how in the opening montage we get a modern swing version of beaver las vegas. you might remember that dawn of the dead had a similar style, with us getting a swing version of down with the sickness. and i love that snyder carry this aesthetic across to this movie. there's also a liberace impersonator, who is, of course, playing on the famous entertainer that often played in vegas. now, in this crushing montage, we are introduced to several of the characters, including scott ward, played by dave bautista. there's also omari hardwick, who plays van der rohe and at one point in the film, we see the character has an omega symbol on his chest. though this exudes power, it's actually a nod to snyder's other big release this year, in which darkseid, of course, had the symbol on his chest and pretty much, well everywhere. now ward tries to make a life for himself outside of vegas, but things are tough. however, a deal that sounds too good to be true comes along in the form of tanaka, a vegas casino owner who wants him to break back into the city and steal over 200 million dollars from his casino. the government plans to nuke vegas in order to stop the outbreak, and thus there's a deadline for them to rob zombie. thus he assembles the a team made up of himself, mandaro ludwig dieter, mikey guzman, chambers and helicopter pilot marianne peters, played by if you've been following the behind the scenes development on the movie, then you'll know that chris delia was originally in the film, but after the actor received several allegations, he was completely cgied out of the movie take replaced him. and using green screens. santa had her dropped into the film. knowing this, i did expect to find it slightly jarring at times. however, i couldn't really spot the seams, and they did a really, really good job. maybe next time that warner bros need to digitally remove a mustache, they can hit these guys, because goddamn, what a best are they? the film is very much playing on joseph campbell's the hero's journey, which discusses how someone must travel into the abyss to either discover new things about themselves or treasures. campbell is even quoted in the film at the end. and this archetype of the hero's journey has been seen in several things. it's often also referred to as traveling into the belly of the beast, and it has popped up in a number of movies. now, speaking of movies, i've actually done some voiceover work for amazon prime video, discussing all the things coming to the platform in may and june. huge. thank you to everyone who supported the channel to the point that i get offered opportunities like that. and if you want to check it out, it will be linked at the end. now, tanaka's partner, martin, ends up going along for the ride too. and they also get ward's daughter, kate. early on, it's revealed that scott had to kill his wife and kate's mother during the outbreak, and since then, they haven't been on speaking terms. kate points them to another who camp member called lily, and she too brings along a security guard called burt, played by theo rossi, who lily shades quite heavily. now, i love how when they go through the plan, they make it seem easy, peasy, lemon squeezy. definitely not squeezy. but it's a lot more difficult than that. in the plan montage there are some cool little details. and when they open the safe, there's a nice little snyder easter egg. you can catch some canisters in the top left corner. and fans of the snyder cut will of course know that these appeared on snyder's vero as a way to show that the cut actually existed. really nice little easter egg there. and probably my favorite. in the movie, ludwig also has a spiked bat, which might be in onto negan from the walking dead, but that's probably a reach. anyway, scott doesn't want kate going in. but after she learns that lilly transported a woman in named guite who has two kids on the outside, she decides that she will go in and save her. kate obviously knows what it's like to lose her mother and doesn't want the same thing to happen to two other kids, which is a really nice little bit of character development that i appreciated. now, the team head in and come across a zombie tiger, who, of corpse, belongs to siegfried and roy, the two vegas magicians. shortly after, lily shoots cummings, who we learn has been abusing the female workers and refugees. we discover that there are actually several zombie types in the city, including shamblers, which is a name that you might have heard pop up in several other zombie properties, like the last of us part 2. these are your typical grunts, but they are led by what's known as the alphas. these highly intelligent members of the undead rule the landscape, and if one is to offer a sacrifice to them, they can grant safe passage. that is exactly what bird becomes. and he's taken by an alpha known as the bride. and one of her grunts, bird becomes infected by zeus. and here it's hinted that the bride is pregnant. later this is confirmed, showcasing that the undead have found a way to reproduce. lily leads the group through the landscape and throughout the city, they run into several members of the undead. it leads to the death of chambers after she starts to suspect someone in the camp has ulterior motives. though i don't know this for definite, i think that she might actually be a nod to vasquez and aliens. and speaking of aliens, we discovered that, like that movie, martin and well tanaka are working with the government to find a way to weaponize the undead. they want to create an army of the dead. and that very much becomes the main plot of the movie. at bligh casino, they separate into specialist teams in order to complete certain jobs and take upon seeing the helicopter, says, what a hunk of junk, which was said by luke skywalker upon seeing the millennium falcon for the first time. in the basement, some team members discover corpses of people wearing the exact same clothes as they are. and though this isn't confirmed, van der rohe theorizes that it's them from another timeline, stuck in an infinite loop of hell in which they are all puppets being manipulated by tanaka. it's a hilarious bit of meta commentary that i think might be playing on sean of the dead. i'm sure many people will debate for a long time as to whether this entire thing will just repeat over and over. guess i'm pressing the play button again when this movie ends. now, ward and kate stop the power, and martin and lily go to the perimeter. here, they lure the bride out and manage to behead her. it turns out that the head of an alpha can be used to control the creatures, and it becomes the mcguffin over the cache elsewhere, we learned that the deadline, hey, sorry, i already did that, but the nuke has been moved up. this gives them just over an hour to break into the safe, but dida manages to do it. kate sneaks off to look for gita, and after being misled by martin, lily ends up swapping the bride's head with a money counter. and this comes into play later on. zeus ends up taking the baby out of the bride's body, which could potentially be a no to the birthing scene from snyder's other zombie film, dawn of the dead. the death of his love puts him into a rage, and he sends his army after the group, which allows kate to get into his base at the olympus casino. ward and crews decide to go look for her, but a breakneck twist happens when she's killed by zeus's forces. as they swarm, martin ends up blocking the team in the basement, and zeus arrives. bandaro tries to go toe to toe with him, and no, we don't see this happen. it is revealed at the end of the movie that he was bit during this. dida sacrifices himself, and that's why we're getting a prequel with the character and not a sequel. he locks the character in the vault. and outside of martin comes face to face with the tiger, who treats him like leo in the revenant. in the casino, ward and koa swarmed by shamblers, and after being bit, guzman sacrifices himself with explosives, which wipe out most of the horde as well as the money. now i don't know if i'm seeing things here, but there was a shot where it looked like one of the zombies was actually a robot. i did some research on this, and it turns out that there's a theory that the government were actually trying to create android zombies before they settled on zeus. we know that zeus also comes from area 51, and there is apparently a ufo at the start of the movie. so lots of theories you can have over how the outbreak started. the survivors travel to the roof and are confronted by zeus. and lily holds up the bride's head to distract the beast, giving scott time to get to the cha-pa. so by now, lily is impaled, but she manages to destroy the bride's head before zeus takes her. at olympus, kate finds guida, but zombie bird shows up and bites one of the survivors. zeus then arrives and sends his forces after her, but luckily, scott shows up to save the day. they rush to the roof, only to find that peters has deserted them, which could be another nod to bishop in aliens not being at the landing platform when ripley rescues newt, zeus jumps in the chopper with the survivors as the nuke arrives, echoing the ending of resident evil 3, in which jill was saved by barry as the government fired a missile at raccoon city. scott manages to kill zeus, but unfortunately, the shock wave from the nuke causes the helicopter to crash. we can see that zeus's blood is also blue, further tying back to the robot and also the alien theory, which i'm gonna have some fun with, i tell you. kanaka watches the news coverage and looks at his phone, knowing that martin didn't manage to get ahead. at this point, kate very much is put in the position that scott was when it came to his wife and her mother. as he's very much going to turn into a zombie, unless she acts fast, she must kill the person she loves in order to be safe. and scott, of course, had to kill the woman he did, so that kate would be okay, it's kind of like poetry. they rhyme, and ward gives kate some of the money so that she can start a new life before he changes. she kills him before a helicopter arrives to pick her up. and it's a really devastating moment for the character. now we cut to van der rohe, who climbs out of the wreckage after going to the indiana jones school of how to survive a nuke. this guy doesn't get radiation poisoning, and he drags himself across the desert to the song zombie by the cranberries. the character drives to utah and then gets a private plane to mexico city. he has a toast with the air hostesses and starts to feel funny, which is where he discovers that he was bitten in the fight earlier. i'm guessing that ward changed far quicker than he did because he was close to death, and due to him starting to feel unwell, he's now going to end up becoming a zombie himself. now this opens up a lot of possibilities. and when i was speaking to my editor, christine at beyond epic, he did say that you could have the head cannon that this starts off, the dawn of the dead. personally, i think that he will actually go on to become the new alpha, and that this will start an outbreak in mexico city. the movie works really well because this could just simply be self-contained. but there is also a lot of room for sequels. van der rohe could end up going world war z on the plane, and when they arrive in mexico city, it could unleash a new zombie uprising. alpha and omega are sayings that mean the beginning and the end. and with van der rohe having a tattoo of the latter, it could mean that he is going to go on to become the next form of the zombie. i think that works really, really well, and is set up earlier in the movie. and yeah, that's just what i'd love to see next time. that could potentially tie into a sequel. and though as of this video, we haven't had anything greenlit yet, the wall street journal posted an article saying that netflix is planning on fixing its film franchise issue with army of the dead. so far, they don't really have a 10-pole film series that you can really connect with them. and the streaming service is apparently going to launch a lot of things from this. i definitely think we will get a sequel. and after zach was messed around so much by warner bros, it's nice he's found somewhere that actually want to give him free reign. the other film was a lot slower paced than i expected, i really enjoyed it, and it was far more character-based than i thought. i really didn't expect this to be a popcorn action movie, but there's a lot of subtle moments here, and it's a far different film to what i thought we were going to be getting. i know the movie is getting criticism for being very blurry at points. personally, i like that snider was trying out a new style, and thought that the movie was shot really well. snyder is at his best when he's not restricted by runtime or studios trying to force his vision to be a certain way. and whilst i don't think that people who don't already like his work will be one around, those that do will have a lot of fun here. this was a blast with a really fun premise i'm looking forward to seeing more of. overall, i think army of the dead is the one to watch this weekend, and it gets an 8 out of 10. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the film, so make sure you comment below and let me know if you want something else to watch. and want to know what's coming to amazon prime video over the next couple of months, then that video is linked right on screen now. without the way, thank you for sitting through this breakdown. i've been paul, and hopefully i'll see on the next one. take care. peace. 