[Music]. welcome to the breakdown, when we break down two most astir and movies together. my name is spooky. today we're breaking down the king of pics. only about three kids who are pigs. I didn't want to find out what I mean by that. stay tuned for the breakdown. the movie starts out with a dead woman with a slip room, supposedly killed by her husband, who's crying out in the bathroom next to her husband, hallucinating some pig boy before he goes back to normal. then we cut to another guy, John, getting scolded by his boss. and after that, John thinks his girlish Sheen, and he beats on her little or he goes in a little temper tantrum forgetting apart from kung. mean, they got from the beginning, junk and con men have a little friends for a union. after 15 years, did we get a flashback back to winter - were in school. kung mingotts, we we believed, but neither John or kung me do anything about it. seems like those bullies are a part of the older kids. after climbing gets outed by not paying attention to their speech, the to bully him, then they start slapping him. stop being a [ __ ] get up and get your ass beat like a man. this world. Sasuke. Kim chul gets up to defend climb in. and that Kim Shore gets clocks and clocks to bully over and over. nap, nap time. gay ass bully. Jon goes back home, and we see his crybaby sister. then, nice morning. Jon Mesa with Kong Minh and Kahn let him know that he's wearing some girl pants. [ __ ] relented. the bullies are their own little social class in the school who run things. next, Joey gets bullied from wearing girlish pants, but Kim stands up for him as well. and freakin belt some of those bullies. they said to meet up with Kim. strollers little hangout and agree to be friends. Kim's shoulders actually a lot like Sasuke. and uses a knife to stab a cat to death. next was the cat screaming in pain. Jon staffs a cat as will come in [ __ ] out gracefully. and we learned a little more about Kim, like the fact that his father abandoned him and his mom. there's some dirty work just to sustain cook man comes back and Stan's the cat on the ground. the next day, Kong made a joke, have an argument about shows chaotic nature. John feels betrayed, I guess, and leaves. next, a new kid at the school has some balls against the bullies as well. Tong memory fridge the new student, Chan, and gives him some meat neck. chan gets a tummy ache from that meat. it starts doo-dooing, but the bullies come in. after peeing in a bucket, they throw piss on him. Chan has a breakdown, gets a weapon, but he gets agent 47 the to the ground. next, chan, completely submissive to the bullies. after getting bullied some more, hyung min stands up for himself, but Kim comes back and beats the bully up. he gets punished for it. but then after Kim gets into a Throwdown with all the bullies. and next, the king of pigs stands tall. the bullies get beat up by the higher-ups, and they are told to bring the pigs up to the roof. Kim show gets lit away about a teacher where he has to leave for some family emergency. the bullies mess with kung men in Jung while Kim is near tides and fire his father's body. con men confesses that Kim forces them to be under him. then Kim goes for Kong to roof where the bully's awaiting. after Kim runs away from his father's body, they try to team up on Kim, but he goes Arkham City on the ass. but then they get a hold of him, and he grabs his life to threaten them, but he gets found out, and he spelled him. sure things, killing himself is the way to get the bullies to stop. then the next days, Chan talked to John about ignoring the bullies. and next after walking home with Kung Min, Jung doesn't go to Kim's house like they said they would, but he does catch his sister taking Walkmans from a shot. John get his little thief sister argue about being in poverty. they comes back to the prison where hung min drags Jung to the old house where Cho lived. next back in the past, the trio get high, and Jong hallucinate, seeing that their cat before he gets ripped apart by Kim, who becomes a monster. that was Kim's whole deal, was to become a monster. in his movie, we see that Kim's mom works at the whorehouse. he goes to kill her, since she's always so depressed, but he sees her crying outside, and then he sees the manager slapper. he's about to knife the manager, but didn't come in. he comes up and the manager, he come instead. the intial runs away. next, after getting bullied some more, John stands up for himself, but he doesn't get a beat-down like usual. the next day, during a speech, stands up on a roof and jumps off, killing himself. back in the present, the to visit the old school roof. and after an argument, hung reveals that show actually didn't want to die, and that Kong was supposed to shout so Cheol wouldn't jump. I didn't seen that really. John pushed, sure Jung goes crazy and starts attacking Kong. we see the real monster was, in fact, Jung, as he was driven crazy by the bullies and everything else. I guess we learned that come in as a failure. and at fifteen years later, nothing's really changed for them. the Jang leaves. come in. after come in, breaks down on a roof, and next while John's on the ground, come in, jumps off that roof, just like him did. the movie ends with John calling his girlfriend back after countlessly hanging up on her throughout the whole little reunion. this movie was just a big upsetting, gripping, I don't even know what to say. let's go to that spooky stuff so we can talk about some more stuff, right? I don't know how long this video is gonna be, but, um, this is a pretty good little anime movie. if you want, you could just watch it on some sites or something where you can buy yourself. anyway, the mostess third moment, I would say, goes to Kim jumping off that roof. I know he didn't actually jump off, but it was still pretty hard to see. I don't think Kim needed to do that. the most enjoyment goes to when Kim was fighting the hell out of those bullies. anyway, I was spooky, it's been a breakdown. thanks for watching my breakdown on the king of Peaks with some last little anime movie. make sure you guys check out my other videos. so next week we got a lot of stuff. so make sure you subscribe if you haven't. anyways, spooky out. 