[Music], Mary Queen of Scots is slowly hitting cinemas. and the movie beautifully depicts the life of Queen Elizabeth and Mary Queen of Scots on screen. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the film, as well as some of the real-life events that happened after the credits roll. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers. so if you haven't seen the movie yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. the year is 1561, and we follow Mary Stuart as she returns to reclaim the throne in Scotland. Mary, the only surviving, legitimate child of King James v was 6 days old when her father died, and she became a queen at the tender age of 16. she married the King of France and was widowed at 18, before deciding to return to Scotland to take back her birthright stopping. this is Queen Elizabeth, who currently rules over the country. in real life, Elizabeth was the daughter of Henry the 8th and Anne Boleyn. and after her mother was beheaded. she spent the majority of her childhood in the Tower of London. Elizabeth, rightly so, is protective over her throne, and this throws her into conflict with Mary. the two women both admire the competitiveness of their opposition, even though they are rivals. and the film is filled with treachery and manipulation as the two battle it out for the throne. and both the leads deliver oscar-worthy performances throughout historical buffs that know the backstory will be aware that in real life, Queen Elizabeth never married, and throughout her life, did not produce any airs. this is beautifully depicted in the film. and Elizabeth gives the reasoning that she wishes to remain alone, as she will not be beholden to another man. just opposing this, Mary sees marriage as a way to move up the ranks of society. and those who are informed on the subject know that in real life, she ended up marrying Lord Darnley. in the film, unfortunately, Elizabeth's paranoia and jealousy gets the better of her, and she eventually frames Mary and implicates her in the plot. the Babington plot was a conspiracy that planned to assassinate Queen Elizabeth and put Mary, Queen of Scots, in her place on the throne. this is because at the time, Britain was warring over what was the correct way to worship, between Protestants and Catholics. and as Elizabeth was the former and married the latter, it held grand implications. Mary has offered the chance to absolve herself by giving a public apology, but she refuses, which leads to her trial and execution. Mary dies, however, safe in the knowledge that her son, James the sixth, and later the first, would take the throne upon Elizabeth's death. what makes the film so tragic and endearing is that you really feel like Elizabeth is slowly driven insane over the course of it. after a bout of smallpox, elizabeth is left scarred, and, due to vanity, covers herself with toxic makeup that leads to her balding prematurely. the reason for a ghostly white appearance is because during medieval times, being white and pale was seen as a symbol of wealth, whereas being tanned of men that you spent a lot of time in the Sun, most likely working. in the end, Elizabeth loses someone that she could share a true kinship with due to her inner demons, her core, which is mostly made up of men and do not respect her leadership. and Mary is an empowering woman that she could have had a friendship with had she not been driven mad with jealousy. Elizabeth tragically died alone and depressed in 1602 at the age of 69, which back then was the equivalent of two lifetimes. prior to this, several of her friends died, which sent her into a severe depression that she did not really recover from. upon her death, Elizabeth was praised as a heroine of the Protestant cause and the ruler of a Golden Age. King James, her successor, did not fare as highly, and there were two conspiracies in the first year of his reign to overthrow him. there existed several plans to oust him, with the Gunpowder Plot being the most famous of these. even today, in England, we celebrate this assassination attempt by Guy Fawkes, which showcases just how unpopular James was. at the age of 50, James suffered increasingly from arthritis, gout and kidney stones. you also lost his teeth and drank heavily. this led to him having a stroke. and James died at the age of 58. so what your thought on the Mary Queen of Scots film? did you enjoy and do you think either actress will win Anika me award? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this month's other big royal movie, the favorite, which will be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music]. 