[Music]. homecoming is a 2018 Amazon original show from the producers of mr. robot, starring Julia Roberts. season one follows Heidi Bergman, who works as a therapist in a facility that deals with the rehabilitation of PTSD suffering military personnel. throughout this video, I'll be discussing the ending of homecoming with points from show director Sam as male in his interview with her a-list. there will be heavy spoilers, so it may be worth skipping this video for now if you're yet to watch the season. with that out the way, I'm definition, and I roon it so you don't have to. you. homecoming takes place over two time periods, 2018 and 2022. most viewers will instantly be hit by the aesthetic presentation choices when watching the future events, as the screen is cut down to a four by three ratio. this not only symbolizes that the characters feel boxed in after the events of homecoming, but also adds weight to things that have happened to them. the homecoming facility cured the PTSD suffering soldiers by medicating them to the point that they lost their memories, in order to rid them of trauma. with massive part of their lives missing, they are unable to fill in all the details and have blank spots. hence did the box in the future that they now live in. throughout the show, highly gains an attachment to one of the soldiers named Walter, and this is season Ones main focus. when Heidi discovers that he's being redeployed, she doubles his dosage in order to save him from the trauma that he will likely face. Heidi is forced to leave Hong coming, and she manages to find other work, though she is unable to escape her past. the government come after her and question her on what she remembers, which is very little. she manages to track Walter down, and in the final episode of season one, the two meet and exchange a conversation that, on the surface, seems like little more than chitchat however, when Walter leaves, Heidi notices that the four at a table is askew. Walter did this before leaving, and it's obviously a call back to an earlier episode in that office, when Walter did the same thing with a pen. to me, it really hammers home the fact that he indeed still carries the memories of homecoming, but it's lying low in order to avoid all persecution that could potentially come. it's a really nice and hopeful moment that lets us certainly know that Walter still remembers Heidi, and the rekindling of their relationship is definitely an avenue that I could see season two traveling down. in the post-credits scene, we see the character Audrey, turn the tables on Colin. however, she also seems traumatized by the events that she has been a part of. and there's a real tie caught on me to her performance. nothing more than background dressings throughout the majority of the show, she really comes into her own here and teases what could come down the line. in his interview with Thrillist, director Sam Ismail discussed her casting and said, I don't want to spoil anything for season two, but we knew that the character was going to play a critical role. I think at the time, I had seen downsizing, I think it just came out, and I was blown away by her performance. I just thought there was something about her. even though she's in the background and not foregrounded as much, you are going to pay attention to her. you're going to keep your eye on her. and that's exactly what we wanted to do with the character. so we reached out to hung and luckily for us, she was into the character and into the show that she wanted to come on and do it. obviously, the ending isn't cut and dry, and Allah is definitely open to interpretation, but we can surmise that Audrey will be playing a huge part down the line. and I can't wait to see how her role comes to fruition. now that Heidi knows Walters location and that he is safe, she will likely want to keep him from danger. so I can imagine her traveling home in order to make sure that he is not persecuted by the people tracking her. all that Heidi wanted was Walter's happiness, and it's evident that he's now living a simple and peaceful life. this is a great way to end the show, and it's a really poignant moment that really stuck with me. no matter what the two can face, they shared a brief moment together, and it definitely hammers home just how much Heidi cared for the character, which is something that the soldiers didn't feel when coming back from conflict. and it's a really touching moment to end season one on. so what are your thoughts on season one of homecoming? how did you interpret the final exchange between walter and heidi? and what did you take from the show's post credit scene? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of the haunting of hill house, which will be linked at the end of this one. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 