you did this, this whole journey you've taken with your friends, your purpose was to bring me into your world. let your heart break. you brought me here. rachel. it's heartbreaking, isn't it? you're a monster in science, bringer of death, you're still here. [Applause]. [Music], welcome back. [Music], i do want to thank you, though, for what, for showing me who my family really is. [Music], titans again. on one condition. what is this place? home? got a triple venti mocha for rochelle. i'm not the same person i used to be when i fought my father. i became something, something different. [Music], what's wrong with him? who the hell is that? rose wilson, and that's her dad. slade was former delta force commando who underwent a series of experimental bio enhancements. deathstroke. [Music], we should get together to figure this out. what are you doing starting all this again? everything's changed. you made them titans. do they even know what happened last time? get down the one and only deathstroke. [ __ ] me. i thought he was dead, but he's alive and well in san francisco. deathstroke is why we shuttered this place. after all the [ __ ] that went down, i'd have thought you'd have burned this place to the ground. i didn't come for round two. oh, so much for old home week. quick look, then we called dick, i promise. played wilson's daughter in the other room. but she can't stay here. i can't kick her out. slade's tried to kill her once. he'll do it again. you are to come home at once and take your royal turn. wear the crown. they get me, what will they do to me? i'm doing it my way. what am i? you were the genetic material of two different people blended together. lex luthor, and who else? superman. i don't want to say go. don't use your powers. don't be a hero. don't sorry. more will come for you, legions of them. let them come. for what happens, you can have me say goodbye to your friends. [Music]. i don't know how to thank you. saved my life months. you ready to quit yet? no retreat. no surrender. nice teamwork. you're asking me to choose between my destiny and you. maybe they're the same thing. how do you give garth a chance? i'm not really into this whole atlantean live for them. you're gonna need a few days of sleep to recover. you rest. you want that one, you're gonna have to fight me for it. i'm dick destro killed my brother. rumor was he fell in with the wrong crowd. he's jericho. this record is here. then my brother was here. your father killed for a living, using the name deathstroke. we want you to join us. i lied. i told you that jericho was dead when i got to the church. he died trying to save me from his father, a lion sack of [ __ ] he got a kid killed. who the [ __ ] hides that you were there too. he played your part. rachel, what's happening? sorry, doc. you gotta bring subject 13 in. i'll need your team. my pleasure. hi, hello. hi. i took advantage of jericho to get to your husband. i've got nothing but pain for you. grayson. you killed him. this isn't about me. you still haven't accepted your kill tonight. you didn't deserve him. jericho, i sentence you to live alone forever, knowing that your titans lives and breathes somewhere. you can never be with them, not until you've paid for your crime. that comes in the night and saves people. he's real tonight. he's going to save us. [Music], the bottom isn't where we go, it's us. maybe we should be aboard. we can roll it. [Music], good. it's okay. i'm not here to hurt you. just come home. this is a family of choice. if you can unite, you can face any threat. if you won't protect one another, who will? bruce wayne arranged for us all to meet in this diner in the middle of nowhere to mansplain us into putting the titans back together. every time i try to get close to you, rose, you push me away. it's me just calling to say, this little game you're playing with the titans, i quit. wait. i can't be why not? guard needs us more. with all due respect, miss graves, i don't answer to you now. you do inside this hell you jumped into. he gave me a bank account. he asked me for more. what the [ __ ] was i thinking? the titans need us [ __ ] them. rose, we're slade san francisco. he left this morning. right after he called his daughter. he played me what happened to our friends, connor, and guard they did some kind of brain salad surgery. [Music], we control them now. phase one, dick, what master wayne had us put together about done yourselves, we at catwas know that he will exist in the world, and we are uniquely positioned to stop it. we will not sit idly by. and that's evil. if they're hurting innocent people, we need to be prepared. new costume, but the same old dick grayson, i told you what would happen if the titans ever reunited. my son is dead because of you. [Applause], titans are my family. jericho, if you're in there, you know what to do. [Music] when you died, it broke us. we're together again. you were always a part of our family. help has arrived. and gentlemen, let the bidding begin. any ideas, technical difficulties? miss graves, it appears bidding is closed for the day. now, i don't know what they're doing to you, but you're gonna be okay. you're not alone anymore. light. [Music], it's over. this is for lex luthor. oh, and sometimes the cost of defending the innocent exceeds what we could ever think to pay. [Music], i should go with donna. if anybody can help her, it's me. my powers are changing, getting stronger. and like i think i've actually been inside your head like [Music], i'll let him what's left of us without her, things inevitably fall apart. the art of life seems to be in how you put them back together. hey, she died saving my life. nothing i can say can make up for that. while i was away, i had a chance to think about some of the good that we did too. what if we give it another shot? i don't think so. what about hawk and dove? to donna troy, thanks for giving me a second chance of family. to the titans. titans, guys, there's cops in the bomb squad responding to a disturbance in the mission district. what are you waiting for? hey ladies. [Music], you 