welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and it sucks. it sucks this news that you've probably just woken up to. if you're like me, after endgame, you kind of wanted the MCU to take more risks with their types of movies. you know, do something a bit different. so when Doctor Strange, in the multiverse of madness was announced last year, and with it the tagline that it was going to be Marvel's first horror movie, then chances are you are over the moon. the horror genre is one of my favorites. even bad horrors, I absolutely love it's a genre that I find the most exhilarating because it's where you can see your deepest and darkest fears play out on the screen. and at points, it can be like reliving a nightmare. horror is one of those genres that will always be popular. it was there before western movies, and it'll be around long after comic book movies die out. obviously, hearing that Doctor Strange would have a horror aesthetic with some brilliant, brilliant news, especially because of the mind-bending visual effects that Marvel are now able to put on screen with his success of Joker this year, comic book movie fans are clearly craving something darker, and Marvel look like they were going to change with the times and make just one character gets something to sink their teeth into. but nope. seems like they just want to do more of their cookie cutter kids stuff. before we get into the full story, make sure you subscribe to the channel to keep up to date with the news on the movie, as I'm sure over the next couple of months there'll be a lot of big announcements coming out in regards to it. anyway, without the way, thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into the report. so Marvel Studios have confirmed that Scott Derrickson, the director of Doctor Strange, will not be working on a sequel. in a statement that was exclusively given to Variety, Marvel said, Marvel Studios and Scott Derrickson have a mclee parted ways and Doctor Strange in the multiverse of madness due to creative differences. we remain grateful to Scott for his contributions to the MCU. derrickson himself later tweeted Marvel and I have mutually agreed to part ways on Doctor Strange in the multiverse of madness due to creative differences. I'm thankful for our collaboration and will remain on as EP, which is PR Talk for Marvel wouldn't let me do a 1 or 2, so they fired me. EP means executive producer. but it's rare that they actually get involved in things. Christopher Nolan was an executive producer on Batman V Superman, and Tim Burton was an executive producer on Batman Forever. but I really don't think they had anything to do with the film. and it's unlikely that derrickson will still be involved if he had to step down. honestly, this is massively disappointing news. kind of kind of feels like it's time to bargain with Dormammu again. you know, do something different. this wasn't the timeline that we wanted, you idiots. it's obviously a huge blow to the franchise, because derrickson was one of the directors that was involved with the series that actually seemed like they were doing something different. I think overall, it just shows the ins and outs of Disney at the moment. I remember when Edgar Wright left ant-man, and this was clearly because he had a lot of ideas for the movie, but Marvel wanted their film to be a certain way. when given reasons to why step-down, Edgar said, I think the most diplomatic answer is, I wanted to make a Marvel movie. but I don't think they really wanted to make an Edgar Wright movie. so it does look like we will be getting a diluted version of Doctor Strange - which I will still seek. but obviously it's a shame, because Disney just seemed to hire these directors and then completely restrict their creative control. we saw this in the case of JJ. Abrams recently with the rise of Skywalker. you haven't seen my JJ cut video? then basically he was hampered massively by the studio and made to cut things, so the movie ended up being a complete mess, in my opinion. I'd only get too much into it because I've already covered it, but it looks like Disney are just snapping directors away one by one. the creative director and showrunner of the Lizzie McGuire reboot has just quit after two episodes because Disney were apparently doing things behind the scenes that they didn't want them to. and it seems like they are really stifling what can and can't be done at the moment, which is a shame. it just seems like we will forever get a new at MCU, unless the Russo brothers are behind it, which is frustrating as a fan, because I want to see Marvel movies more creative. apparently, the movie will not be delayed, and though the search for a new director is underway, the film is still meant to be meeting its schedule. this means that it will be released on May 7 2021. and then it will come off the back of one division. personally, I think this news sucks. by let me know what you think in the comment section below. if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of the JJ Kirkwood, you'll be linked at the end. we go over everything that you need to know about what was originally supposed to be in the movie. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my disk or server, which would be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else and that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 