before i begin, let me stop by saying, happy birthday, rodzo. enjoy this gift from your amazingness. the stars of our movie today are trey mcdougall, captain picard and sting play. our story begins with this lady telling us a bunch of backstory about this desert planet with spice on it that makes people live forever and fly through space real good. and the only place you can find the spices on the one desert planet we're talking about. the plant is called our rackets, which sort of sounds like a prescription medication for restless leg syndrome, so let's just call it doom. then this big testicle tells the ruler of everything how they need to kill the main character, and we ain't even met him yet, because what they all want is this gigantic worm, lava fungus, derivative drugs by sh but our story really begins on this planet called caledon with our hero, paula tradies, who was born with voodoo powers and taught how to fight since he was little by professor xavier in these futuristic cardboard boxes. then after a little training, he goes to talk to his daddy, who says, look, paul, everything the water touches is our kingdom. then these witchy ladies show up and burn paul's damn hand off to see how much pain he can handle. and should talk a bunch of cryptic [ __ ] about how her order's been waiting for a big, strong man to do something they're afraid to do, and how maybe he's the pimp they've been waiting for. then we see these weirdos, the harkonnens, who represent greed and gluttony and look like they smell like butt, talking about how they want to kill paul's daddy, but if they do, what's gonna happen to paul's daddy's pooch? then after this other floating testicle warp space to teleport the family, it's off to tatooine. but this place is dry, so drive they meet this blue eyed framing bit who tells them that their new suits are made to catch your sweat and breath, so it can filter it, and you can be your own water bottle. wonder what they do with your pee, pee. and then that's holes invade, and they kill paul's friend, and they kill paul's daddy, and don't worry if a cop saved the dog. and paul and his mama escaped with their voodoo powers. and paul's mama has got a bun in the oven. well, it's definitely hot enough to make something on this [ __ ]. but they find more freaking fremens, and one of them has really got paul extra thirsty. so now we are friendly. turns out these dusty hobos have had hidden water under this sandbox all along, and they're saving it all up for the day they can open up a spot on the surface of the planet, probably, and then sting in a plastic thong. not sure how i feel about that, so let's keep going. then paul's mama drinks this magic bug juice to become even smarter, and it makes all her hair come out. and her daughter gets born. and the whole point of the child is to talk smack. and you'll see what i mean in about 60 seconds. then paul gets some nookie and goes in front of all his friends family and says, me and my momma are going to teach you how to fight so we can beat those chunky monkeys. our plan is that, since they're so round, if you poke a hole in them. we think that they'll do that thing that balloons do when you pop them. so let's get ready to rumble. yeah, yeah, let's do it. yeah. make em thrown out of here. so paul shows everybody how to use voice magic to kill people. fuss. then he decides if he's going to be a hero, he must learn to ride worms. but he don't actually have to learn how. he just gets on top of the damn thing and high whole silver and they [ __ ] up for like two years, until they ain't no more spots coming from that planet. naturally, that makes their enemies a little salty. oh, and paul finds professor x, and we all get a little man mister. then paul drinks the magic bug juice. he's the first guy to ever do it, and live. turns out he was the pimp they were looking for. and he looks up at the sky and yells to mufasa and says, father, the sleeper has awakened. that line's just too dope to insult. and then paul's sister goes to the bad guys and it's like, my brother's coming to whoop y'alls. then they use the worms to break into the bad guys fortress. oh yeah, paul got a whole fleet of them circles. and paul was right. his little sister pops a hole in this rotundo, and he just right another salad pit. then paul finds sting, and he uses a bunch of his magic words on him, like until sting is stung past tense. now paula's like a peacekeeper of the universe, because it's the overseer of the only planet with the gigantic worm lava fungus, derivative drug spikes everyone needs to travel through the universe. so he's like the manager of the only gas station in town. and at last it rains on tatooine for the first time ever, so the freeman can open their intergalactic spa, and uncle owen can retire from moisture farming. all i'm saying is that whole little pug is always in the middle of the action, and i'm just glad he don't bite it. there till the bitter end, like a true hero, the end. thank you, kristen for requesting this for ronzo's birthday. and once again, happy birthday, rozzo. you got some good tasting movies, my friend. enjoy your happy day. muffin. 