welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. Game of Thrones is back with its penultimate battle that sees the forces of Westeros facing down against Cersei and the golden company. there's a lot to unpack from this, and there are huge indicators of where the season will be going for its finale next week. and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about episode 5, as well as what it could lead to down the line. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen their latest release, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. but without the way, I hope you enjoyed the video. now, sit back, relax, and let's get into my ending explain breakdown of Game of Thrones, season 8, episode 5. as always, let's start with a quick recap of episode for the night Kings forces are no more. Varys insisted that Jon Snow should be the rightful king. the Game of Thrones prop guy got fired after someone left a coffee cup on the table. we know it was you, Sansa and missandei ended up missin day head off her body. so drive picks up with the Battle of King's Landing, and it's a hell of an episode. this is flat-out carnage, and not the kind that was teased at the end of venom in that terrible, terrible post-credit scene. anyway, look, Varys has betrayed Dany and chose Jon. Snow is the true king of the north. and this episode was pretty much a confirmation of his worst fears. Varys was one episode away from retiring, but after it's revealed of his treacherous ways, the character is burned alive. now it's pretty clear that D&amp;D have settled on the Mad Queen archetype. so depending on how much that you agree with it, it will either make this episode amazing or just plain terrible. Dany won't see sense at all, even when Tyrion tries to convince her otherwise. and it's clear that the character is seeing enemies everywhere. Jon tries to dissuade her, but like tatty and James Charles, she's having none of it, flaming sands, eff embarrasses death and deciding that fear is the best way to rule. in case you haven't guessed it, she's the bad guy, even when discussing the other bad guys. see, Danny tries to justify this as she say she's removing a tyrant, and that those at King's Landing should be happy that she's doing a great job. Tyrion begs the character to call off her armies and states that if the bells ring, then it's a surrender, which Dany pays about as much attention to as the writers have. the reviews of this final season omits the soldiers preparing for the bloodthirsty battle area and the Hound arrived at camp. and though these guys are ready for the next fight, they're also pretty excited that someone else is here to finish the job so that they can go home early to their girlfriend. oh wait. Jamie has been captured at this point, and Tyrion visits him, and after the to talk, it's decided that Cersei won't give up, like the diehard fans aren't giving up from the show, even though this season has been worse than the latest Walking Dead. and Tyrion frees him. the two make a tearful goodbye, and it's pretty clear that it will be a miracle if both of them manage to make it to the finale next week. and thus the battle begins. the iron fleet is out in full force, and operation human shield is in full effect. below the armaments, Jaime is trying to sneak into the castle, but we don't really have time for that. and the battle begins with Dany swooping in to basically Massacre the town. everything gets completely destroyed, including everyone's favorite golden company leader, who feels like he had his entire story arc left on the cutting-room floor of a better season in the red keep Cersei stays optimistic, but it quickly turns into the hit limine that went about a couple of years ago, with her forces dwindling massively. the soldiers dropped their swords quicker than the Rotten Tomatoes scores on the season. and it seems like it's all over, the bells of surrender ring, and we can finally go home, right? wrong? Dany is in full Mad Queen mode, and like proud marry she keeps on burnin a burnin, burnin, down the road. God, I'm really sorry the jokes are in this episode. I'm sorry. anyway, it doesn't matter if he says C or just some guy who works at McDonald's. everyone is a target. and this even inspires Danny's men to stop participating in the war-crimes. searcy, realizing things are turning a bit disco inferno, decides to get the hell out of there, whilst you, Ron and Jamie bump into one another in an awkward I had sex with his sister, so did i standoff. this leads to Jamie getting stabbed and yuan getting stabbed back in the process, with him uttering, I got you. I am the man that killed Jamie Lannister, which, if you've seen the rest of the episode, you know it's not the case. meanwhile, the hound and Arya have made their way to the red key. the hound was on his way to bring down the mountain an area was on a way to take another name off their list. but due to Danny's attack, the location begins to crumble in what feels like a final farewell at the Hound. Ward's area off revenge and goes ahead to face his brother. this is one of the biggest grudge matches in the entire show, and it doesn't disappoint. after an unmasking that looks like they're setting up the mountain to replace Ryan Reynolds as Deadpool. the Hound realizes that his brother isn't dying the easy way, and thus has to sacrifice himself in order to take them both out the to tumble off the cape and fall to their fiery deaths. which probably would have been the biggest death in the episode, if it wasn't for the next view. with herself at a loss, Cersei begins wandering through the castle, which is when she's reunited with Jaime, who seems to be her only way out of this. the two flee to the basement and trying to escape together. however, when they reach the bottom, they find their escape is blocked, and the two died side-by-side, crushed under their own way of their failings, literally. which, even on its own fields like the bittersweet ending for the show that we've all been hoping for. with the war over, we survey the damage in a damn girl, I didn't know you could get that freaky moment that sees Dany as the true villain. we were rooting for you, Danny. we were all rooting for you. and obviously that sets up the next episode, which we all know going ahead, that Daenerys is going to be the mad Queen. and though John seems pretty loyal to her, as he's still in the honeymoon phase and hasn't realized how crazy his new girlfriend is, the Starks will have a huge say over this. I think the choice will come down to being between Sansa and Dany for John, with the latter urging him that he's not even really their family and shouldn't have any loyalty towards them. this will make the final episode rather dramatic, instead of action-packed like this one. and I can see it causing a lot of for the character, who probably just wants to be done with his whole thing. either way, it's setting up for an amazing finale, and I can't wait to see who ends up on the throne and the final few minutes of the show. obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on this episode. and if you like the direction that the show's taking for its final few episodes, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of every episode in the season so far, which you'll be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for take the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 