welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and you now locked into the channel where we break down all the latest movies and new game releases, TV shows and comic books. this episode, we're gonna be going over everything that you need to know about the king on Netflix, as well as its twist ending and the real-life story behind it. throughout this video, we'll be discussing the haircuts, history and our general thoughts on the film. now, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the movie yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of the king. it's the 1400s, and we follow Henry, Prince of Wales, also known as how throughout the majority of the story, Hal just wants to stay away as far from the trappings of royalty as possible, distant from his warmongering and paranoid father, Henry the fourth, who spends the majority of his life drinking. Henry calls for Hal informing him that he will not be king, even though he is the eldest child, and instead, his younger brother, Thomas, will be inheriting the role. and he informs Howard, his sibling wishes to fight and put an end to a rebellion. it looks like he's even more war hungry than Henry seniors, and this drives one of the big conflicts early on. there's a lot to take on board, and those who haven't got a PhD. in history may get lost with the plot. however, here in England, we have to learn all of this crap growing up. and what basically boils down to, in my expert opinion, is a tale of someone who is forced to be a leader that doesn't want to lead, Thomas, and how both go to fight the Hotspur rebellion, with the former feeling upstage by the late arrival of his brother, who steals his glory, killing Hotspur with a blade, thus ending the fight before he even really begins. it's an awesome introduction that really elevates the movie early on. and this is a game of clones in all the right ways, with it mimicking some of the early production styles of the series to great effect. Hal tells his brother to bail on fighting people at dress of his Iron Man when he escaped the cave. but Thomas ignores this and is killed shortly after. Henry the fourth succumbs to old age, about 30, which was normal back then. and as Hal is the only surviving member his lineage, he is pronounced King. unlike his father, though, howl doesn't want to be paranoid and war hungry, constantly angry because his cousin didn't like his status. and instead, he opts to be a beacon of peace and prosperity. this doesn't sit too well with others though, and as an insult, the King of France sends a ball which, as we all know from our middle school history class, is worse than having someone say, doth have thou wear those mothers drapes? whilst it would emasculate most, Hal sees it as a positive, confirming that he is doing the right thing. but old Frenchie won't stop. and apparently, an assassin is sent by King Charles the six of France to kill Hal. left with no choice, how, decides to announce that they are going to war with the country, and they're gonna be heading off to France, joined by William Gascoigne, his chief advisor and pal staff. they start to ride to war in the hopes of cementing Henry is a formidable king that deserves some respect. they arrive in the country and Laith each sorry siege to the land, which is when the movie introduces its main antagonists, played by Robert Pattinson. he really knocks it out of the park and provides a complete polar opposite to the roles that the acting only tends to play, making fun of just how big house balls are. he also kills kids, cuts their heads off. looks like he's auditioning for a lorry allied where. and basically, I don't know why Hal just didn't kill him. early on, Hal's forces ride through the land and eventually come face to face with the French army, who, by far, I'll match them in numbers against most of his advisers. Hal decides that it's time to strike, and he says, if it rains tonight, we fight tomorrow. this is because the King knows that the extra armor and horses that a French army carry will get stuck in the mud, which will allow their longbow men to rain down on them before the Battle of Hal goes to the Dauphin, challenging him to a one-on-one fight, which will decide the outcome of the battle, saving countless lives. the Dauphin refuses, and he's not really doing much for the French coward stereotype. and nurse the battle commences, I pray. I'm pretty sure, no, no, French people watch this channel, right? oh, can we just check? yeah, we'll find how. delivers a roaring speech about England that will make any blue blooded Brit shed a tear. and the battle begins. it's a great conflict that really feels like the highlight of the entire film. and it's clear that Netflix no expense with the reenactment. watching a massive soldiers march through the mud is brilliant, and it's rare to see a battle play out like this with such authenticity. the plan works - and the English beat the soldiers, using their surroundings to their advantage. however, just as you think foul stuff is about to deliver brexit, he is killed. both howl and the Dauphin enter the battle, with the former murdering many soldiers in an incredible one-shot fight that spans the field and sort of fields under touch with an ounce of sadness as we watch him slowly turning into the man that he promised never to be. the battle ends with the Dauphin entering the conflict and constantly slipping in the mud, which really gives him a humiliating end. the guy looks like an absolute idiot, and it's an awesome way showed just how laughable a bolita that he was. how Lord is the president's to be murdered. and slowly starts us to come to the dark side. Wars make warriors. and there's a real hint here that how maybe becoming a monster, which holds wait for the eventual end of the story. following this major defeat of the French army, how travels deeper into the country with his forces and eventually comes face to face with King Charles the sixth, who surrenders and offers how his daughter's hand in marriage to unite their Kingdom. mr. Steele, your daughter accepts and returns home with his new wife. now this is where the big twist happens, and we're gonna break down what it was about and the motivations behind it. Hal's new wife, Catherine, believes that Hal is a war mongering idiot, much like his father. and she refuses to submit to him, stating that he must earn her respect. she asks if he feels a sense of achievement and questions why he invaded France. which is when the big reveal happens. it turns out that the assassin earlier on in the movie that pretty much started the entire conflict was not sent by King Charles, and it was all a play by William Gascoigne to manipulate the king and get him to go to war. this is because William, due to the conflict, has gained a lot of new land, which he's set to make a fortune off. how questions William on how he managed to capture the assassin, and the silver-tongued snake quickly contradicts himself, being unable to explain where or when or how he managed to find him. this pretty much confirms how its worst fears. and the King kills his servant after he exclaims that he has given him what he wanted, which is peace. how requests that Catherine always tells him the truth to avoid going to war once more. and thus the film ends showing that though it looked like how was going to become his father, he has advisors around him that will stop this. now, in real life, this didn't happen the way that the film depicts it at all, with Gascoigne probably being removed from his post or resigning after the appointment of King Henry. the real Gascoigne died in 1419 and was buried in Yorkshire. however, we don't know all of this for certain, and there's a lot of accounts that contradict this, including Shakespeare's Henry, the fourth part to you, in which Henry the fifth is crowned and he tells Gascoigne that he will continue to hold this post. this may have some actual historical basis, though it could also be like this movie and doing it for dramatic effect. but it may suggest that his resignation was voluntary. as for Henry, while he died in 1422 at the age of 35, due to dysentery. again, though this is completely up for debate, with some believing that it was due to heat stroke, because he'd been riding in full armor the day before in blistering heat. and unfortunately, the medical equipment that we have today, it didn't exist back then, so we have no way of knowing. Henry reigned for nine years before his demise and named his son, Henry the sixth, the King. Henry was only a few months old at the time, but he did reign for 50 years, which was pretty much like being a hundred back then. there's a lot of history to the family that we don't really have time to get into here, but it's definitely worth checking out, especially Henry the eighth, who is pretty much a psychopath that had six wives, some of which he executed because blocking people on social media didn't exist back then. overall, though, I really enjoyed the film, and it's always great when historical epics like this remind us of the sort of lives that our ancestors used to lead. the film, though not perfect, is still a great addition to the Netflix platform, and in 4k Dolby vision, and the movie really shines. as with most historical movies like this, the film is slightly lenient with the truth, and it changes many of the events in order to create a more engaging narrative. that's probably the only major downfall I can see people finding with the king. and it's really well acted and portrays the darker side of the monarchy and the way that they used to act, being above the law, allowed to murder people without trials, based purely on judgment. the king is a brilliant character study on a man becoming his own father, even though he tries his best not to. and whether he will or won't succumb to this is where the main drama comes from. and overall, it's an enjoyable watch that I think many people will find fascinating. the King was great, and it gets an 8 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the king, so make sure you leave your review of the movie in the comment section below. if you want to come chat to me after the video, then please follow me on twitter at definition whitey. will head over to my discord server, which will be linked in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with all the latest videos on the channel. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the marble face repo Wambach's 7 blu-ray, which contains Civil War Doctor, Strange homecoming or Ragnarok and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video. make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the king in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen the 15th, and Oberman, the set will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 