hey guys. welcome back to flicks recap. my name is luke pelletier, and today we're looking at the 2016 comedy drama flick, the late bloomer. before we get into it, be sure to drop a like, leave a comment and subscribe to flicks recap if you dig the coverage. okay, let's do it. dr peter newman's, or pete, is a 30-something-year-old sex addiction therapist and author who guides his patients on how they can re-channel their mojo into being successful. his best friends, luke and rich, often like to crash at his place without giving him any notice. rich and his wife jenny have two kids, while luke's girlfriend, rachel has recently broken up with him. that night, they want pete to play video games with them, but pete promised his friend and neighbor, michelle that he'd go over to her place for a small get-together to try out some of the new recipes she's come up with. at michelle's place, pete meets her boyfriend, charlie. now, charlie is pretty open about being a douche. he doesn't even remember pete, even though they've met a number of times. anyway, pete then talks to michelle, who is cooking dinner for the guests. he tells her how good of a cook she is and how she should have her own restaurant, but michelle doesn't think she's ready yet. their fun and pretty flirtatious conversation is interrupted by charlie, who is just way too busy on his phone. the next morning, pete goes to meet his parents. his mom worries that he's so busy with all his work that he doesn't have enough time to date, while his father points out the irony that pete writes books about sex but has never himself had a girlfriend. later at work, pete's boss, caroline gives him some good news. he's been accepted to do a ned talk about his new book, and he's also going to be interviewed on live radio. meanwhile, michelle dumps charlie, after which pete goes over to cheer her up. she breaks down and tells him that she doesn't want to be with charlie anymore because charlie always focuses on his work, which makes her feel lonely all the time. she's also taken pete's advice and decided to become a chef so she can invest her energy into something positive. this conversation soon sparks something more romantic when michelle kisses pete. but as soon as michelle tries to catch the rebound, pete starts having this piercing headache and has to leave. the next morning, rich and luke show up at his place again and wake him up for a three-on-three basketball game that they had planned. pete tells them about his massive headache and asks for a raincheck. but at the same time, michelle shows up to thank him for being there for her the previous night and apologizes for the kiss. on their way to the basketball game, luke and rich advise pete to take his chance with michelle now that she's back in the dating pool. but pete doesn't want to take advantage of her emotional vulnerability. very wise, pete. i respect that. later, while playing basketball, pete gets knocked square in the nuts so hard that he actually passes out. he gets taken to the hospital where his brain scan reveals that he's had a benign brain tumor that's been pressing up against his pituitary gland, probably for many years. as a result of this tumor, his normal male development has been compromised. so he had been maintaining this low level of testosterone. basically, he's never gone through puberty. as mortifying as this might seem, pete actually finds some comfort here, because now he has an explanation for why he's been so different from most other guys. he excitedly tells his friends about it. he shares how he has never had an erection before, and how he never went to a doctor about it because he didn't want to know the diagnosis. i'm not sure if i'd be as hyped as pete is, but hey, different strokes for different folks. soon, pete undergoes a surgery to have the tumor removed and stays with his parents for a few days to recuperate. but a few days later, he tells luke and rich that he's not feeling any different than he was before the surgery, and now is worried that the operation might not have worked. fortunately for pete, luke and rich are way ahead of him. they've hired a professional dancer to perform for him. unfortunately for the guys, her display doesn't do anything for pete either. luckily, and i use that term very loosely, luckily, things begin to change the next morning when pete finally gets his first erection, and, at 30 years old, crosses the threshold from being a child into being a young adult. and he moves pretty quickly too, because he is discovering himself pretty much all the time and anywhere he goes, even at work, especially at work, because listening to his patients talking about their kinks and otherwise non-conventional sex lives turns him on like a lot. soon his face is covered in zits. and this is enough to make him decide to visit his doctor about his urges. the doctor tells him that, because his puberty has been delayed by almost 15 years, he's probably experiencing all of it at an accelerated rate now. and all this time, michelle has been thinking that pete was away due to a family emergency. by this time, she's decided to go to santa barbara on a culinary retreat organized by some famous chef and restaurateur named bobby. but she clearly cares a lot about pete. she video calls him from santa barbara and tells him that she's at chef bobby's house. she also tells him that she finds bobby very handsome, which makes pete super jealous. meanwhile, other symptoms of puberty continue to hit pete in unexpected and inconvenient ways. during his live radio interview about his book, his voice keeps cracking. later, he acts out in front of his parents, and when michelle calls again, he is so jealous of bobby that he hangs up on her in anger. he also has this weird pow-wow with his teenage neighbor josh, and starts overly relating with the kid. josh gives him typical teenager advice about how michelle must be very experienced sexually, and that pete should show her that he's just as seasoned. pete takes josh's advice pretty seriously and goes on some practice tinder dates to literally get a few experiences under his belt. one night, charlie shows up at michelle's apartment feeling apologetic and wanting to get back with her. since michelle is away, he talks to pete and leaves some flowers at her doorstep. when michelle returns from her retreat the next day, she thinks that pete had left the flowers for her. pete acts as though he did actually get her those flowers, and finally musters up the courage to ask her out. and she agrees to go out with him. but pete has forgotten that he's supposed to babysit rich's kids that night, because rich and jenny are going out to celebrate their wedding anniversary. when rich calls him to check why he hadn't shown up, pete refuses to help out because of his date with michelle, and the two get into a fight later. pete's new dating guru, josh, advises him that he should stop being so nice all the time because girls like a little edge. so pete starts acting like a jerk on his date with michelle, which throws her off. when michelle tells him about her time in santa barbara, pete gets jealous again and gets dangerously close to blowing it with her. just as he's about to lay it all out there about what he's going through with his late puberty situation. rich and jenny show up to the same restaurant because, as it turns out, pete stole their reservation. things get heated in a very immature way. obviously, michelle is confused and furious at this new pete and asks him to explain what's going on. but that doesn't go down too well either, especially when it's revealed that the flowers from the other night were actually from charlie. pete lets all his emotional and sexual frustration weigh on him so much that the next day he's even ready to have oral sex with a patient of his. luckily, his boss comes in before anything happens. she reprimands pete and asks him to leave. distraught with going through these changes, pete seeks his dad's advice and the two have an emotional heart to heart. the next day, pete is supposed to give his ned talk about re-channeling sexual energy, but his newfound sex drive changes the course of his talk. in the middle of it, he goes on a rant about how his own theories have some deep flaws and that sex is actually awesome and important in life. needless to say, he gets a standing ovation from the student body, which is most of his audience. later he goes to rich's daughter's birthday party and makes things right with rich and jenny. jenny tells him that michelle has been hired as a sous chef at bobby's new restaurant, and that he should go there to support her. he does exactly that, but michelle isn't happy to see him. she's already back with charlie and wants pete to leave. but luke and rich egg him on to tell her everything. and so he makes a very public confession about his late puberty. and in the end, michelle breaks up with charlie and she and pete kiss. the film comes to a close with the launch of pete's new book and a pregnant michelle standing by his side. the late bloomer is a light and funny film, which gives off the same vibes as some of those early y2k comedies like the 40 year old virgin. i mean, conceptually, it's got a pretty similar story too. i can tell you right now, i probably wouldn't have minded if puberty only lasted like a month tops. a little angst here, a few misplaced dreams over there, and add a moment or two that seemed important at the time but really didn't matter in the long run to flavor. all kidding aside, though, while i usually cover films with a bit more gristle. what makes this film super interesting to me is that it's actually based on a true story, the life and times of entertainment journalist ken baker, who published a memoir about his experience as a late bloomer. yeah, the more you know, i guess. but what did you think of this film? let me know in the comments below, and of course, be sure to drop a like for the commentary and subscribe to the channel so that you don't miss the next recap. until next time, 