in this video, i will break down the movie. it follows. this movie consists of an evil entity that takes the form of humans and is transmitted through intercourse. the evil being can only be seen by one person, and it never stops until it kills you. the movie starts off with this girl quickly running out of her home, looking very worried. she gets into her car and drives off to sit by herself on a beach. the next time we see her, she is dead and has been folded like a pretzel. we then meet the main character, jay. she is going on a date with hugh at a theater. during the performance, hugh asks jay if she can see the lady standing there. when jay says she can't see anyone, hugh quickly leaves the theater. their next date consists of intercourse, and the evil entity is officially passed to when they are done, hugh takes out a chloroform rag and jay passes out. jay wakes up in an abandoned building, and hugh tells her why he did that. he says that she will now be followed by a random being that will always walk towards her until it kills her. he also says that someone gave it to him, and that he gave it to her. in the car, hugh drops jay off at her home in a humiliating way. later, jay is starting college, and she sees an old lady looking directly at her and walking right towards her. she gets freaked out, and when she walks into the hallway, the old lady is still following her, but nobody else sees it. she goes to an ice cream shop where she talks with kelly and paul about what is happening to her. that night, she was very scared, so some of her friends spent the night with her. they don't think it's all that serious, but they will soon find out otherwise. jay can't sleep, so she goes downstairs and sits with paul. she then sees a topless lady walking towards her, so she runs into her room. she is hesitant to let people in her room with her. but when they open the door, jay sees a giant man walking right towards her. she rides her bike off in horror and sits by herself on a swing. the next day, they all gather into a car and drive into the heart of detroit. they are in detroit, because they are looking at the house that hugh lived in before he passed this evil being to jay. the group discovers cans hanging from some strings. this was used as an alarm to tell hugh if the evil entity had found him. they also find a picture of hugh and another girl in her high school jacket. the group goes to the school in search of hugh's real name, and along the way, we see a girl slowly walking towards them. they are able to find that hugh's real name is jeff, and they also find his address. while talking to jeff, he tells her to sleep with another person to get the entity away from her, because this entity is slowly walking towards her. they decide to drive a few hours to greg's home. greg here helps jay learn to use a revolver in case she needs to defend herself from this being. they are all relaxing on the beach when we see the entity walking toward jay. the group doesn't see the thing, so all they see is jay's hair being pulled up. jay is able to get away and land a shot on the entity, but it does not kill it. after she closes the door, the being breaks a hole into the door, and now is a little kid. she gets into a car and drives off, but swerves into a cornfield when she doesn't see the other car. she wakes up in the hospital with a cast and some other minor injuries. greg wants to help jay, so he sleeps with her, but doesn't see the entity. after three days, jay gets back from the hospital and is still very paranoid, so she sits in her room all day watching greg's house. a man in all white shows up and throws a brick through the window. jay knows this is the entity, so she runs over to the house and tries to help greg. she makes it into the house and sees the entity disguised as greg's mom. the entity repeatedly knocks on greg's door, only pausing to look at jay. the thing then kills greg, and now is coming after jay. jay drives off and spends the night sleeping in her car. at the beach, she sees three guys on a boat and walks into the water. the next time we see her, she is sad and wet. driving back to her home, the group gets an idea, so they drive off to execute this plan. they arrive at a pool and their plan is to get the entity in the water so they can electrocute it. this plan is very dangerous. and we already saw that this thing doesn't die from a bullet to the neck, so why would this kill it? the entity enters the room and starts to throw the electronics into the water, almost electrocuting jay. paul takes the gun and tries to shoot the entity, but ends up missing and shoots his friend in the leg. they put a sheet over the entity and are able to shoot the thing in the head. right before jay gets out of the water, the thing grabs onto her leg, so paul takes some shots at it. eventually he is able to headshot the thing, and jay gets out of the pool. when she looks down, she sees the pool filling up with blood. but only she sees this. after this, paul and jay sleep together, but don't feel any different. they are then seen walking together, wondering if they are safe. but as we see, there is already someone walking towards them. again. that is how the movie ends. i hope you all enjoyed this video. if you did, feel free to watch some of my other content. 