after a highly successful first series, Netflix are following up on the show's ascension with Sabrina's very own Christmas special. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about a mid Winter's Tale, as well as how it could tie in to the main season. there will be spoilers here, so those who don't want to know the show's ending should turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to do. the seasonal special opens on Sabrina as a child, saying that she wishes that she could see her mother as a gift from Santa. we then flash-forward to one week before Christmas, and joined Sabrina, platinum hair and all, saying of Christmas decorations. it feels like something pulled straight out of the perfect Christmas but Sabrina is still quite sad and low about the holiday. Sabrina is clearly missing Harvey, so it's great that we get some finality on who she has chosen. since the last season left on a bit of a cliffhanger, she realizes that she needs to give her friends space to adjust to the fact that she is a witch, but is a bit lost on the best way to handle her friendships with them going forward. after seeing her mother in limbo in the prior season, Sabrina realizes that she wishes to reach out to her and ask for advice on how to handle the situation. she too wants to free her mother from the purgatory. and Sabrina holds a s\xc3\xa9ance to contact her. Sabrina's connection is broken before she gets to hear anything meaningful from her mother, and Zelda discovers what they are doing. Zelda stops the seance, as apparently it's okay to kidnap babies, but not to contact your mother. anyway, a couple of spirits come through during the ritual, as the Yule Log fire that was put there to protect the house is put out by madam ward well. and this quickly becomes a villain of the week episode. I got really bad flashbacks to the possession of Hannah grace and the ghosts on even the scariest part. Sabrina's friend, Susie, is nearly made into an elf figure. and there's a really creepy vibe to the entire episode that definitely brought out the more sinister side of Santa. everything gets wrapped up pretty neatly with the ghosts aku lights being sent back to where they came from after the family make contact with them. other kryla, she wishes to take the baby with her, but Sabrina's mother appears and comes up with a morality test in order to determine who should look after the baby. that's Ella kidnapped. they trick Riley and are deemed worthy to still keep the baby, even though they're the kind of people who think it's okay to kidnap a baby. that's not the end of growler, though, and she rescues Susie from living the rest of her life as a mannequin. and the Spellman's trick Susie's father into thinking his daughter's disappearance was all the dream. Zelda decides to return the baby, as she will forever be in danger with them. Sabrina's mother returns once more and say that she's happy that Sabrina lives with a family that loves her. however, she does not think that Sabrina and Harvey's relationship is a good idea and warns her off this dog path. we learned that her and finished business that is keeping her in limbo. it's the worry of her daughter. and she returns they're out there. the swords close. even with all this, though, Sabrina clearly is taking a step towards being a good person as she helps Harvey's father's alcoholism. Harvey states that he wishes she would stop casting magic spells on him and around him, but does appreciate it, even though he returns the gift that Sabrina gave him. the big pointer to take from this episode is that many people, including myself, believe that Sabrina would be a villain after the end of the first season. but this clearly showcases that she is still a good person. and I believe that, going forward, that this duality will cause problems between her and the forces of evil that she has now become aligned with. the show ends with demon men coming out of the mines. and this is a tease towards season two of the show, which returns in April. two thousand nineteen. it's pretty difficult to decipher what this means, but they could be seen as the satanic three wise men, here to ruin Christmas. what will happen is still up in the air, but I'm definitely excited to see the show return after watching the trailer at the end of the episode. so what are your thoughts on the Sabrina Christmas special, and where do you hope to see the show going in season two? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this week's big movie, Aquaman, which will be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to Definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 