The movie begins on a cold night in a mining town. An elder worker finds a white cream-like substance bubbling out of the ground. He reluctantly tastes it and finds it very satisfying. As another worker comes by, he laughs at the man for eating the snow. He then joins the older man and they both strangely can\xe2\x80\x99t stop eating it. What is that sublime edible substance? What makes it so addictive? This is Movie Shortens. Follow us today to a sci-fi horror film titled: The Stuff. Be aware: there are spoilers!  Following the opening credits, we meet with a boy named Jason who is waking up in the middle of the night feeling hungry. As he opens the fridge looking for food, he sees some ice-cream moving. He is shocked and steps away as his dad walks in. Jason tries to explain to his dad that the ice-cream was just alive, only to get scolded and sent back to his room for talking nonsense. The father then enjoys a cup of ice-cream himself. At this point, we learn that the substance at the beginning is marketed as \xe2\x80\x9cThe Stuff\xe2\x80\x9d. Celebs also join the marketing campaigns of this surprisingly tasty dessert. Due to the incredible benefits of \xe2\x80\x9cThe Stuff\xe2\x80\x9d namely: no calories, very creamy and filling, it holds the dominant position in the ice-cream market. "The Stuff" quickly becomes a national craze, drastically damaging ice cream sales. The leaders of the ice-cream industry decide to hire David, a former FBI agent, to investigate what this \xe2\x80\x9cStuff\xe2\x80\x9d is and how it\xe2\x80\x99s made. Back to Jason\xe2\x80\x99s family, it is revealed that his whole family is obsessed with \xe2\x80\x9cThe Stuff\xe2\x80\x9d except for the boy, who never tries it. His mom buys them loads and places it all in the fridge even making him eat it for breakfast. Jason mentions that the stuff had been moving all by itself the night before but the family doesn\xe2\x80\x99t listen to him. Jason gets angry as the family starts to isolate him more. The Stuff appears all around and his family has a strong draw towards it. He smashes the stuff\xe2\x80\x99s box and runs away. His family members, on the other hand, think Jason is a bad kid and a freak for refusing such an appealing dessert. They now only eat, talk, and think about \xe2\x80\x9cthe Stuff\xe2\x80\x9d.  Meanwhile, David, with his great sense of humor, is able to approach Nicole, the stuff\xe2\x80\x99s advertising campaign designer. Although working for a huge project like the Stuff, Nicole has no interest in trying the white-addictive substance. David plans to inspect the factory of the stuff by gaining Nicole\xe2\x80\x99s trust so that she can support him with it.  Elsewhere in a supermarket, seeing people buying the evil substance, Jason becomes angry. He intentionally destroys all the Stuff products on the display shelves, shouting at people that the Stuff is a deadly dessert. However, nobody cares what the kid warns, and security rush in to stop Jason\xe2\x80\x99s vandalizing. During this time, David observes people are not simply loving the dessert as someone normally would. Whoever tastes it once, craves it, including people\xe2\x80\x99s pets. David realizes the changes in humans as well as pets\xe2\x80\x99 behaviors, noticing when they are hungry for the Stuff. The craze for the dessert is far deadlier and much more evil than anyone could have believed. The following morning, David meets with Charles, a junk food mogul known as "Chocolate Chip Charlie". His dessert company went bankrupt after the rocketing sales of the Stuff over the past two months. David convinces Charles to join in the investigation of the brainwashing dessert. As the two stop by a grocery store, they notice the owner turns very suspicious and refuses to sell things to the men, seemingly starving for the Stuff. He tries to send David and Charles away so that he can enjoy his favorite sweet. He is soon killed by the white substance as it erupts from his mouth. Before David and Charles can save the man, the Stuff retreats from the window. A moment later, the two are attacked by several men who appear to be zombie-like creatures. The Stuff burows into those who eat it and gradually takes over their brains, mutating them into zombies. David and Charles then manage to escape on a boat. The two visit a restaurant where David, who reveals to be serious, asks Charles to report the deadly Stuff to Frank Herbert, a Special FBI agent in Washington DC. The FBI fired David for his recklessness while on duty, so it makes more sense to have Charles as the reporter. As David leaves, the waitress, who is also an addict of the stuff, immediately informs other Stuff-heads. The former agent is nearly killed as a Stuff van attempts to hit him on the road. Later, he comes across an article about Jason, who seems to be the only one in the whole country who isn\xe2\x80\x99t a fan of the stuff. Vandalizing the products any chance that he gets. He then tells Nicole, who is now his girlfriend, to help him carry out a plan. He then leaves to see Jason. At night, Jason is made to eat the Stuff again by his family. The boy pretends to take the cup and then enters the toilet. He pours out all of the cream refilling it with shaving cream. He returns to tell his family that he loves the stuff, hoping to keep himself safe for the time being. However, his father learns that the stuff was replaced with shaving cream. Jason is chased by his family members, but luckily, he runs into David, who is on the way looking for the boy. David rescues Jason and drives off from his parents. The two meet up with Nicole boarding the flight headed to the factory.  Finally arriving in Georgia, Jason is still asleep on the plane. David tells his pilot to take the boy to Savannah Airport and waits for further instructions. Nicole and David will investigate the factory over the next three hours. During this time, Jason wakes up and finds the Stuff has invaded the plane and is now controlling the pilot. He quickly escapes from the exit door, not knowing why he was left alone on the plane. He runs deep into the woods and ends up reaching the Stuff\xe2\x80\x99s mine, where the factory exploits the substance from the ground. He secretly climbs to a distribution truck and hides from the workers. Unfortunately, one worker closes up the cab which traps Jason inside. Back at the factory, David and Nicole are given a tour around the factory, and a staff member tells them that they have a room paid for at a nearby motel. While sleeping, Stuff starts emerging from David and Nicole's mattress. First, it tries to suffocate David. While struggling with the Stuff, Nicole thinks of an idea to burn it, eventually this idea saves David. As the couple are still frightened, a man who is a Stuff-addict enters and is killed. Stuff floods the entire motel while the couple manage to escape using a car just outside. On the way, David spots some distribution trucks travelling towards the mines. He decides to follow them. Jason is still trapped in one of the trucks. In the mines, David and Nicole learn the truth about the Stuff. They don\xe2\x80\x99t process or manufacture it at all . The Stuff just seeps out from different places in the ground. It goes from the centre of Earth directly to the supermarkets by siphoning it into trucks. David then tells Nicole to wait for him at the highway then leaves in a Stuff worker\xe2\x80\x99s suit. He\xe2\x80\x99s planning to steal one of the trucks as evidence concerning the deadly cream.  Just then, David sneaks into the mines setting up dynamite. While trying to navigate to target a truck, David accidentally hears Jason\xe2\x80\x99s calling for help from inside of a truck. The boy is struggling as the Stuff is spreading in the tank. David quickly escapes on the truck that Jason is trapped in, and the mine explodes. Driving to the highway where Nicole is waiting, David is able to save her from a stuff addicted sicko. He also rescues Jason from the Stuff\xe2\x80\x99s attack in the tank. The three then drive off on the truck heading towards a military base, where they meet with a \xe2\x80\x8b\xe2\x80\x8b retired soldier - Colonel Malcolm. They are able to convince him about the mind-affecting drug covered as a dessert. Right after that, Malcolm leads his troops to storming another mine, but they find out that all the sicko workers have committed suicide. The Stuff begins to attack the group, flooding all of the mines. Luckily, no one is killed. Malcolm decides to leave the scene where it is and broadcasts a civil defense message for Americans to end their addiction to The Stuff. At the radio station, the group rejoins Charles. However, the man is soon mutated and eventually killed by the Stuff. He was somehow poisoned during the trip to Washington DC. The aggressive Stuff then attacks Nicole and Jason in one of the broadcast rooms. David and Malcolm burn the station entirely, destroying the Stuff and rescuing the two just in time.  Finally, the Colonel makes his warning and puts an end to the addiction to the stuff. Everywhere throughout the States, people throw the Stuff into fire, eliminating the alien substance. Later, David and Jason go to see the company\xe2\x80\x99s Head who has them taste the products, which apparently they never dare to do. He asks whether they are consuming the Stuff or if it is consuming them. At the end, David, Nicole, Jason and Colonel Malcolm are honored as national heroes.  The movie ends with some smugglers selling the Stuff on the black market and we see one of them eating the substance, testing it out.  Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to turn on your notifications. That really helps my channel. Thanks for watching! 