right? so, you know that I go watch every movie I possibly can for you guys, and I go into each one willing to give it a chance, even if it ain't for me. so I went into this thing wanting to appreciate the message, laugh at a couple of the jokes that weren't stolen, and see if this would be a decent stream, if for those eating ice cream and not wanting to leave their house to just get a confident boost, which it was. let me explain. so this movies about how some of us just, you know, never feel that confidence that pretty people do. how some people go out and just get ignored in public, which never happens to me, since every time I go out, people go, is that a damn cartoon walking down the street? all been there. we're here, you know, trying your 18th hair tutorial and your hair just is coming out like Johnny Bravo's hashtag. so relatable. well, the thing with this one is that I'm all for people bettering themselves, right? I'm all for people accepting themselves for who they are. so with the gimmick being that she hits her head during cycling. and, I mean, no joke smacks that noggin. I thought that her looking in the mirror, her looking at herself and thinking that she was pretty, was because she was finally accepting who she is, like she finally appreciated the body that she had, and that was the message for all of the girls around. nope, not at all. turns out this is shallow hell where everyone is seeing Shamu, except for, like, that one person in the movie who's seeing this super thin model. like she talks about how toned her body is now that she has a six-pack. and I'm like, how are you shopping for new clothes if you think you're a size 2, but you gotta buy a size 10? a movie 101, show, don't tell. so, like, if you're emphasizing that you're seeing a skinny version of yourself, then shouldn't the audience, at least when we're looking in the mirror, be seeing it from your perspective? no, we just just gonna give ourselves some more screen time. okay. so now she has all this confidence in the world because she feels pretty and thinks that every dude whistling is out for her. she gets the receptionist job at the cosmetic brand place that she loves because she thinks she's hot, when when really they're coming out with a lower-end target line of their product. and they decide I her. and look, I'm not gonna deny that I didn't laugh in this movie. I thought the friends were funny. they got some good material. Michelle Williams, hi, boy. sounds like she's still not over Mark Wahlberg making more money than her. there was a joke that a bartender says in this movie where he goes, sorry, pal, I didn't ask for a podcast that I'll be using whenever anyone starts talking too much. but for every good joke that there was in the movie, there's also a me doing this. [Applause]. [Music]. I mean, she's looking at herself in the mirror during sex because she's getting her own self off. she's ruining her friends relationships because she don't think they're hot enough to deal with men. she's treating people who aren't up to her standards the same way she was being treated. so you see, she ain't even that different when she's given this. of course, she then hits her head again eventually. and like, I don't know why they mentioned this in the movie, that she doesn't shower for several days. there's a point when she has blood on her forehead, and she don't shower because she's ugly. again. obviously, you guys don't know how this is gonna add. and she eventually looks at both of her pictures and realizes that, oh, she looked the same the whole time. she embraces her confidence, becomes the face of the cosmetic line along with every normal-looking girl out there. she gets back with a boyfriend after he picks her nose, and she utters the most magical words that will not only bring confidence to young girls around the world, that will bring feminism to the forefront. vagina, vagina. damn girl. I mean, forget it, but you bring it up more than little. Wayne. thank you guys for checking out this video. as always, I'm curious know your thoughts down below in the comment section. like I said, I think it's a decent stream it from home. some people want to go into this movie, and there is a message at the end, at the end, but the rest of it is this interesting thing about her just wanting to flaunt herself. so, I mean, is it really any different than the model she's trying to make? fun of. there's even a point where where she kind of calls out a model, saying that she's not allowed to go through depression because she because she's skinny. oh no. if y'all remember, amy schumer was a part of the whole Netflix debacle, where her self-confidence kind of changed the writing system from stars on Netflix to thumbs-up and thumbs-down. well, that's a little thing to think about when you start considering that this movie is all about her flaunting your confidence again. so don't forget to let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section, what you want me to cover next. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll ship you that Amy Schumer confidence, which clearly needs reassurance. and that's why she makes movies like these. 