if you say his name in the mirror, you will die. today we're checking out candyman. spoilers ahead. anthony mccoy is a visual artist living in chicago with his girlfriend, art gallery director, brianna cartwright. one night, brianna's brother troy shares an urban legend of helene lyle, a white graduate student who went on a killing spree in the early 1990s. the story goes that her rampage accumulated in a bonfire outside of the carbini green projects, at which point she attempted to sacrifice an infant child. the residents were able to rescue the child from her lean before she perished in the fire. desperate for a creative spark to turn his career around, anthony launches a story around the cabrini gardens looking for inspiration. he eventually has the chance to encounter with william burke, a laundromat owner, who introduces him to the story of candyman. when burke was a child, he had a frightening encounter with sherman fields, a hook-handed man whom the police believe was responsible for putting razor blades in pieces of candy that ended up in the hands of a white girl. burke was frightened of sherman and alerted the police about his presence in the walls of one of the tower blocks, leading him to beat sherman to death. sherman was later exonerated when the children received more candy with razor blades. and just like that, anthony had his vision. he begins to paint, and after he's finished, he's eager to share with brianna the story behind his masterpiece. sharman's face was beat so bad that he was barely recognizable. and even after his death, people around the neighborhood claimed to still have been seeing him. over the years, his name was forgotten, and people just referred to him as the candymans. the legend goes that repeating the name candyman five times invokes sherman's spirit, at which point he appears in the reflection and kills whoever spoke his name. candyman. candyman. anthony, noah, stop. candy bar stop. inspired by this, anthony develops an art exhibit around the legend of candyman and showcases it at brianna's gallery. a few people look at the project, but is disappointed when he doesn't get the kind of recognition he was hoping for. i love that you hid those [ __ ] things in a storage room with the lights out. so smart. i mean, where'd you find those paintings? thrift store in the desert. that night, one of brianna's co-workers and his girlfriend come back to the exhibit to have some fun. they see anthony's work, and they decide to say candyman in the mirror five times. candyman is summoned and the couple is instantly slaughtered. their bodies are discovered the next morning by brianna. eager to learn more, anthony heads to the library to find out more information on helen lyle and the candyman. while in the elevator, we start to notice how anthony's hand is slowly deteriorating. he also spots a piece of candy on the elevator that has a blade inside of it. and finally, when he looks up in the mirror, he spots a quick glimpse of candyman and his reflection. anthony has become so obsessed that now his apartment is filled with candyman paintings. and the more he goes, the worse his hand gets. more people are eventually killed after repeating candyman's name, including an art critic and a group of teenage girls. [Music]. meanwhile, anthony begins to undergo physical transformation stemming from a bee sting he suffered on his hand while walking around the cabrini gardens. the sting develops into a scab that begins to spread and cover his whole body. anthony later goes to the hospital to get it checked out, where he learns that his mother lied about where he was born. anthony soon pays a visit to his mother, who reveals he was the baby helen lyle saved from the fire that night she died. though the truth that helen saved him from candyman who abducted him and planned to sacrifice him in the fire, she never told him about it because she wanted anthony to have a chance at a normal life. the community had vowed never to repeat the legend of candyman after that night, and his mother fears what would happen to anthony now that someone has broken their path. something they used to call candy don't say that. anthony leaves resigned to his feet, and one is the row houses of cabrini green, concerned about anthony, brianna recalls in mentioning that he first heard about candyman from burke. so she has to cabrini green in hopes of finding her. once there, burke subdues brianna and takes her to abandoned church where anthony has entered a frug state where his body continues to deteriorate. burke reveals that not only did he witness the police beat sherman to death, but he also saw sherman return later as candyman, which he butchered his own sister when she summoned him in a bathroom mirror of their apartment. he plans to have anthony gunned down by the police, creating a new legend which candyman is the instrument of vengeance rather than a symbol of black pain and suffering. to complete anthony's transformation into candy man, he saws off his right hand and replaces it with the hook. brianna manages to escape the church and chased into the cabrini garden row houses by bert, whom she viciously stabs to death. anthony appears and collapses into her arms as the police lured to the scene. bob burke show up and shoot anthony to death. brianna is handcuffed and placed into the back of a police suv, where an officer attempts to intimidate her by agreeing that anthony provoked the officer to shoot him. knowing you were in danger, had no choice but to discharge his weapon or she's an accomplice. brianna uses the car rear mirror to summon anthony, now candyman. and as he massacres every police officer at the scene, as more police arrive, candyman takes on the appearance of daniel and gives brienne a single instruction. hello everyone. if you enjoyed this summary, make sure you go down below, like comment, and subscribe to the channel for more before i go. always to make sure to chase your dreams. i will see you guys in the next [Music]. you 