welcome to slash forward. what can i say? i love witches, apparently. and we're gonna express that by watching gretel and hansel, released this year. if you dream of living in a gritty reboot of your own childhood, subscribe to the channel for nostalgic purposes. let's get to it. we open with some voice over narration from an elderly lady telling us a story about a beautiful little baby with a pink hat. yeah, she was pretty, but deemed ill in the head, so her parents took her to an enchantress who pulled some turds out of her face and sent her back home. the child now had second sight, so that's good, but she used it to tell everyone how they would die. and that's bad. it's also bad that she undertook efforts to help those furtellings of death come true. as she became awash in the darkness, after killing her sword swallowing father, they decided to make the woods her new home now, and she was forced to find her own entertainment, luring children to play with her in the pit of despair. then we open again on a narration, this time by a young woman talking about when she first heard the story of the beautiful child in the pink hat. while we are thankful for this information, it's not totally clear how it relates to gretel taking a short journey to inquire about a housekeeping job while dragging along her little brother, hansel. we find the master of the estate to be a man of great means and a nearly unending wellspring of perverted energy. he helps gretel learn the proper etiquette required of the position, yes, and then gets down to the important details necessary for qualifying any competent house cleaner, for instance, the status of the applicant's hymen her sour mother balks at her in gratitude and turning down a good job that would have gotten the kids out of the house, greta learns this is actually a requirement for her now, since the house is so full of ghosts there's no room for them anyway. so it's suggested that she go check in with the convent, despite the fact that there's no way they'd let in hansel. in the alternative. they're also welcome to go find a ditch and go ahead and just die. any indignation by this request is put to rest when their mother makes her closing argument. they soon find themselves in the woods, aiming to visit the old widow who lives there in the hope of finding a bed, if only temporarily. the home appears to be empty but habitable, so they cozy up for the night. however, as they lay down, they discover the unoccupied house is actually very occupied. as they are chased into the yard by a strange man, who is thankfully shot through the head with an arrow by a mysterious figure. the woodsman provides them food and offers to have them taken in with the foresters where they can earn a keep and learn some useful skills for their new lives as peasant laborers. when his hospitality is questioned, we learn that he offers this freely because virtue is its own reward. as gretel bathes that evening, she wonders if it's wise to trust someone who appears just as you need them and offers to provide exactly what's required. hmm. it seems the movie may have some sort of a lesson in here somewhere. but it's their best option. so they take his directions and heed his warnings before heading off along the path. they travel through the woods, only taking brief pauses here and there to discuss topics like where babies come from and to take caution when confronted by silhouettes in the dark. we learned from gretel's internal monologue that she has a tendency to be haunted by things that aren't there. they continue on, famished from not having eaten for approximately eight hours, so gretel saddles up to the snack bar and has a charming conversation with a mushroom about whether or not it's poisonous. questionably, she trusts what the mushroom tells her, and they both tuck in and are soon delirious with the joyful satisfaction of a full belly. now that her third eye has reached full sight, the wood opens itself to her, and she hears whispers summoning her to follow. this leads them to a rundown gate at the edge of a yard. hansel is drawn to the house they're in by the wafting scent of cake. they pull up and peek in, catching sight of a magnificent feast laid out, apparently for no one, as the table is empty of guests. and their knocking at the door goes unheeded, so hansel pries the window open slightly and slips in. things seem to be going well with the burglary, but then a strange old woman shows up and appears to snatch him. gretel finds a rock that she can barely lift, but still manages to throw it 20 feet. despite this effort, the house proves to be impervious to her attempts to damage it. as an alternative, she prepares to burn down the whole forest, but the mistress reveals twas all a misunderstanding is hansel is fine and gretel is invited in. inside, they engage in a nice mukbang and have a break. the lady checks them for lice and deems them clean enough to rest their heads. but they don't intend to stay long. however, they're too hungry to stop, and end up eating until they can't move, which forces them to bed. while asleep, gretel dreams of children being killed and eaten by their mother. so she has a pretty restful evening. she then wakes up to find a breakfast feast, now putting them at risk of getting stuck within a vicious cycle of gorging and being unable to leave to help counteract this, she offers to help with some of the housework, to pay their debt while they're there, and hopefully give her a chance to walk off some of the meat sweats. as a first step, the lady offers to teach some basics of forestry to hansel. they start out near a shed that hansel finds alluring, and she teaches him how to sharpen a blade while enjoying his musk. inside, gretel examined some artifacts, when the old lady offers to show her a book on herbology that's full of recipes for various tinctures. and they start with a disgusting remedy for her sneezing. meanwhile, outside, hansel proves to be an incredibly incompetent axeman, either missing the tree entirely or blowing out his rotator cuff when he strikes it. they while away the evening playing chess. the lady predicts an incoming storm and endears herself to gretel by referencing the mystique of her budding womanhood. then at night, gretel has a vision of the beautiful child, who she follows into a strange room where one may go to play with dead bodies, if one were so inclined. as the sheet saturates with blood, she takes a little peek, and then wakes up. that morning. as she completes some chores down by the crick she notices some toys tucked away on the opposite pink and begins to wonder whether her strange dreams are derived from her new rich diet, or if they're premonitions of some real danger. fearing the latter, she attempts to convince hazel that it's time for them to hit the old dusty trail. after all, there seems to be an unlimited supply of food and milk, but no obvious presence of the requisite animals to produce this. so either the old lady's milk and herself, or there's some witchcraft afoot. but hansel is a stupid little boy, and he whinges about the thought of taking a long walk outside. so they continue feasting and chopping and doing chores. gretel finds herself in need of a new rag, as the one she's using has become full of blood. she's directed to find a replacement toward the back of a cupboard. and here she discovers some rotted paneling that reveals a doorknob attached to a secret entrance to somewhere. meanwhile, back in the woods, hansel runs across a pentagram and a very traditional witch, which compels him, via rhyme, to go check out that shed he's so interested in, but only to sharpen a saw, not for anything good. during casual conversation, the lady asks gretel about her dreams. she indicates a desire to paint her and gretel as two peas in a pod, in the hope that she can help cultivate and expand on gretel's burgeoning mind powers. to that end, she offers up a calming salve, which contains a hint of eucalyptus that she finds delightful. after getting good up, she's encouraged to command the stick to do things it awaits its master, so she can become the master of the stick. while hansel sits around in a few states, sharpening the saw teeth, gretel wanders out with her slimy hands and finds that nature now freely bends itself to her will. this results in a sort of reversal of desire, as hansel now finds himself exhausted with the constant eating, but gretel compels him to continue to stuff himself and explore what strange delights are available to him. fearful of this new reckless attitude, hansel now has a moment of clarity in which he flips one of gretel's life philosophies upon her pointing out that every gift comes with a price, and the price for her new power is so far undefined. upset by her brother wielding facts and logic against her, she shows him the way out and leaves him in the woods where he soon disappears. she wakes up later hoping that this episode was just a dream, but after an accounting of the living quarters is completed, she confirms he is truly missing. she discusses this with the lady and suggests that hansel is too young to be off on his own, so she has to embark on a thorough search of the area, bright and early in the morning. as a result, she requests a sleeping potion to ensure a restful night's sleep. but we learned this is just a ruse, as she suspects the woman of being complicit in his disappearance, as we later see her barf up the potion into her chamber pot and then explore the room behind the secret cupboard door. when she enters it, she finds the room from her dreams, and hansel is there chilling in the corner. he doesn't notice her presence, and she is quickly distracted by an outpouring of thick blood onto the floor, from which a young witch is conjured. gretel then gets a backstage pass to the food prep situation, as the witch picks some of the choicest pieces of baby to lay out in a pleasing arrangement that she then transmutes into the daily feast they enjoy. gretel then wakes up, convinced now that her dreams are filled with truth, and determined to play dumb in the witch's presence until she can think of a way to outsmart her. when she is left alone, gretel pours over the book, hoping to find a refreshing beverage she may be able to serve up so as to secure her escape. later on, they have a conversation about power and vulnerabilities. here we find the witch learned a little lesson from the dread pirate robinson, as she slowly acclimated herself over time to various poisons to ensure that none of them could be used in her downfall. then, just to drive the point home, she munches on a little biscuit to go with her poisoned tea and pulls out a disgusting hair without even flinching. since the jig is up, gretel just outwardly asks that hansel be freed, but the witch refuses, because he is gretel's poison, you see, and you can't take your brother in small doses. she then reveals that both ladies have the same magic as a beautiful child with the pink cap, and that she was actually her mother. after discarding her child to the darkness, she found herself welcoming it and ultimately ate a bunch of children to manifest her powers. she recounts the many victims. as they return to the dining room to prepare to feast upon hansel, gretel vows to free him, but finds herself short on time as he is actively escorted to the roasting station. forced to find another way, she looks inward and comes to the realization that there is no stick, and then becomes its master, easily condemning the witch to a brutal and terrifying end. and then her ill-defined powers, at just the right moment for the story, allow her to easily escape. we meet back up with the crew as they recover in the bedroom. hansel learns the witches vacated the residence now, and it's hansel's turn to follow suit. gretel freely gives a piece of herself when he leaves, but indicates her intent to fork off on a different forking path, leaving him in the capable hands of the great horse spirit. hansel returns to his boyhood home, now exclusively occupied by ghosts, while she goes off to find herself, and, in the process, write her own story, like in every hit natasha bettingfield song that's ever existed. and with their captor gone, the spirits of the children are now free to find peace, as is gretel, and as are we all. i have a website set up where you can support the channel through donations or merch and i'd like to take a moment to give a huge thanks to my donors, memorialized in the hall of head shots. well, i sure can't wait for the continuation of this story and what will clearly be a rich tapestry of a fairy tale universe. i honestly don't mind this rendition of these stories. i think it generally serves a film better to create a self-contained story with possibilities for spin-offs, rather than going in trying to create something that's clearly intended to set up a larger cinematic universe. because if it fails, you're left with a partial movie forever. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 