hello. what's going on, guys? welcome back for another show. today I'm going to show you a dystopian thriller film the bad badge. on some day in the future United States, the Congress can pick out its desirable citizens and drop the undesirables, the so-called bad batch, inside a locked fence top desert where the American laws and citizenship are no longer applied. the bad batch there have to fend for themselves under the hash environment. Allen is one of undesirable citizen who's discarded recently into somewhere of the desert where the cannibal community are hunting the new discarded for food. Allen plans to head for another community named comfort, but she soon kidnapped by the cannibals for her flesh. the woman cuts off her right arm and leg and changed her up. when Allen wakes up, she tricks the cannibal by exposing her body with her own bio waste. feeling disgusted, the woman cannibal unlocks her chain in the neck and want to clean up her food, whereas Allen takes the only chance to hit down the woman. later, she escapes out falling on a skateboard on the way to nowhere in the desert, Allen passes out, but she's then rescued by a mute junkman who takes her to the settlement Comfort, which is another different community for the undesirables, and keeps smart against the cannibals. five months later, helen heals up and gets accustomed to the life there. she feels a little bit bored with the enclosed environment, so she walks out into the desert, planning to revenge against the cannibals with a pistol. the Miami man is a leader of the cannibals. was a boring life with his little daughter and wife. some day, the wife goes out with a little girl searching for supplies and a garbage dump where the wandering Allen happens to encounter them. she kills the begging mother out of hate, but keeps the little girl alive. Allen then brings the little girl back to the Comfort where the little girl shows high interest in a rabbit. so Allen pays for the rabbit to the girl as a pet, but threatens to kill the rabbit if she doesn't obey. on the other side, the Miami man is searching anxiously for his wife and daughter, but only finds the wife's dead body. he tries to ask for the missing girl with her portrait, which arises that junkman interest so much. the junkman, in exchange for a skillful, hand sketched portrait that buys Miami man to find her daughter in the comfort while the girl, gifted with drawing as her father, helps Allen with the fantastic makeup for the party held in comfort at night, where the undesirables dance to the music, seemingly finding their own way out of the bloody society. the leader of the comfort community shows up and delivers a speech on his faith towards a dream society. while the audience under are all cheered up by his speech and chew the drug pills provided for an escape out of the real life. the little girl loses her rabbit in the crowd. she searches and follows the way up before the community leader, who takes the little girl inside a building. helen soon notices the lost girl, trying to search her out a noisy crowd. but still being affected by the drug, Allen wanders out into the desert and enjoys herself in the beautiful night sky when she happens to meet with a Miami man. the next morning, Alan is wakened up, but she seems to have totally forgotten what happened last night, until she's reminded by Miami man. Allen has then asked for any sight of the missing girl, but out of fear of being killed by the strong man standing up front, she has to tell him the line. the Miami man knows the entry to comfort is kept barred tightly by the gunmen against the cannibals. he gets no choice but to threaten Allen with death to search his missing daughter inside comfort for him. right at that time, another cannibal shows up from nowhere and won a trade gasoline for Allen's flesh, which is refused by the Miami man first. but upon the death threat from the cannibal, Miami man has to fake promise in the deal and hands Allen to him. while struggles desperately. Ellen never thinks that the next minute, Miami man saves her down from the cannibal. with the motorcycle taken from the dead rival, they begin their journey heading to the Comfort. on their way, they're caught in a sandstorm. Allen is protected by the Miami man, which makes her grow closer with this strong man. at night they stay in the rocky desert. Allen happens to know the Miami man has dropped out as the undesirable citizen due to his illegal immigration from Cuba into the United States. she tries to take his knife and threatens him to back off. but the Miami man seems to fear nothing and overwhelms Allen. while during their confrontation, the Miami man is shoot right in the chest by a guy coming out of nowhere. the guy then pushes Allen away and takes her back to the Comfort however, even back to the safe Allen is still obsessed with the man who's in danger of death. she heads out of the comfort again with a pistol, hoping to find the Miami man, where she only finds his drawing book and some blood track left behind. on the other side, the injured Miami man is rescued by the junkman who takes care of his wound and feeds him with some food from a crow hunt for soup. soon after his recovery, the Jumpman brings him before a motorcycle, which confuses the Miami man a little bit. but he's confused further by that the junkman offers a kid's toy in exchange for his knife. the returning Allen checks the drawing book left behind and decides to find the little girl back for the Miami man. but she never expects that the little girl has been adopted and taken care by the leader with a totally different new life. still wanting the girl back, Allen comes to the leaders mansion, where she see a huge workshop for drug production surrounded with pregnant girls. Allen finally gets the chance to face the leader directly, who explains to her the comforts economy is run on the drugs. and once Allen to stay down to be one of his girls, Allen pretends to agree to join his harem while she takes out the pistol hidden inside her artificial limb and holds one of the pregnant woman as hostage. in exchange for the little girl, the leader has to release Allen and the little girl. after leaves outside the comfort Ellen drops off the pregnant and heads into the desert with a little girl who reunites with her father. finally, Miami man is about to leave with his daughter. but Allen implies she would rather stay with him in the desert than live in comfort. Miami man tries to discourage her, giving her unable to survive out in the harsh desert. but Allen shows her affection to the Miami man and encourage him to keep away from the fake comfort and brutal cannibal community. the Miami man seems to be attracted deeply by Allen and her promising life. however, the daughter keeps asking for spaghetti, as she's got accustomed to good things in the mansion. instead, Miami man takes her pet rabbit away without any words. well, at night, a Miami man shares the rabbit meat with Allen. they look into each other's eyes, smiling. to the contrary, the daughters staring at the her lovely pet burned over the bonfire, sobbing sadly. this is Daniel see see movie review. please comment below, thumbs up and subscribe to my channel. see you all next time. bye. 