hey guys, Ryan here. and just like Ally, Greg got over his fear of clowns. no, I did not. okay, maybe he didn't. but we're back together, and we are breaking down episode 8 of American Horror Story cult. now before we do that, just make sure to hit subscribe down below. we are covering plenty more TV shows. we got The Walking Dead this show, of course, and the French okay, well, what the hell did we just watch? that was pretty insane. I don't even know where to begin here. I feel like I should have took my break this week instead of last week. you sure about that? you hold all the power. on second thought, I think I'm all right. yeah, cool. yeah. even you didn't miss much. you don't wanna go back and see that. um. episode 8 is called winter of our discontent, of course, alluding to winter Anderson. but also, the winter of our discontent is a John Steinbeck novel in the 60s, the title of which came from two lines of William Shakespeare's Richard the third. so knowing all that, let's jump into a few key things that we noticed in this episode. so first off, dr. Vincent isn't in a cult. I'm I take 100% fault for this. I thought he was the leader. he is like top dog and his whole thing at some point. no, not at all. yeah, I was completely shocked at this. I thought there's no way that he was not involved, especially being Kai's older brother, and, you know all the stuff about their parents. but for him not to be involved was a shocker. and the fact that Kai and his cult were just kind of breaking in and learning about all of his patients and all their, you know, fears and phobias. the flashbacks, so many flashbacks. this show is living and dying by flashbacks to change characters. one little thing I noticed, too, is that dr. Vincent helps Allie right before he meets his demise. this seems to be a theme now, when helping Ali you're not gonna live too long after that. it sucks. I don't know, it's weird. yeah. I didn't know when I was watching, and I was like, is he really genuine with this? but, you know, it turns out he was. he really wanted to help Allie and and and and trut and believed her what she was saying. he just didn't, I find it so hard that he didn't put two and two together. that it was his brother. you know, I was like, I just didn't know. I didn't know that. it was like, so unbelievable. but I guess he was a good guy after all. was there something behind the scenes? we don't know yet why did they kill off dr. Vincent this way, but it seemed like they're just gonna play him along until the end, and now he's just gone entirely. it looks like they're not gonna have him. Ben, you were supposed to protect me. he was supposed to help me. trying to help you. you know, you can always trust me, guy. how about the treatment of the women in Kai's cult? following last week's episode when it was centered around overthrowing the patriarchy, now they're literally in the kitchen. they're literally serving Kai's members of his cult. this was a head scratcher to have, yet main leads waiting that too. they didn't just get other women. the Chi didn't bring in a bunch of women to be maids or anything like that. he's using the damn people that he built up some of this. yes, yeah, this is crazy. I don't how would they go along with this? and the fact is, these women helped him become the man he is today, more than anybody else. and especially someone like Beverly, who was, you know, promised so much power and then relegated to serving all of these, all these men that are his muscle. yeah. I mean, come on, think about it. meadow made all the masks. she was a huge integral part in this whole thing, even the assassination, if you want to put it that far. jack played a role? yeah, definitely. I mean, winter she brings in most of his followers. and then you got Beverly, who controls the damn media, for him, the most important part of this whole entire equation, for guys like plan. and now they're just serving food in the restaurant. okay, so apparently we didn't have Kai's backstory the last time around. what triggered him? got a portion of it. now we get the full thing. yes. apparently it took place with the dark web and pastor Charles, the judgment House. yeah, crazy. it had, you know, some House of a thousand corpse, some sod jigsaw vibes in there with all the setup, different traps. but basically, this crazy pastor was just punishing people who he thought were guilty of all these different sins. you got someone at a Planned Parenthood, someone for at an AIDS clinic. and finally, this is what made Kai snap. so you already got all the backstory you need with the parents, murder-suicide. yeah. but they decided, let's put another thing in here. let's give them some kind of like haunted murder Mystery House they vibe going on here. sure, I love it. because they just wanted another set piece. I honestly think they just wanted to have a fun time and put in another set piece here. and this is where they got to go crazy with it. I liked it. number four, we had to touch on this one, winters Messiah baby. kai has the genius, or a completely batshit crazy idea, to impregnate winter with the Messiah. now, he doesn't actually do the impregnating. he needs detective Samuels to do the physical task. well, it's very confusing. but literally, it's Bechet crazy. what the [ __ ] is this language, sister? this is a holy space. now, I will never listen to that song again. same here. same you. yeah, flashbacks of junior high school dances. totally messed up now for me. but literally, it's like, how detached his Chi from reality, like he can't even pick a get it on song. he came and set the mood, right? if you're gonna be that crazy. now, he didn't pick Luther Vandross. I see you didn't play big boys, two men. he went with, okay, all for one. I'm shocked that all for one. let them use this song. I bet you they're gonna be surprised and how exactly it was used, right? there could be like, wait a second. we know was gonna be used in this scene. when you get the DVD, there may be a different song playing on it. just saying, my immediate reaction, I'm sure it was for you. why did winter even let it get this far? like, why did it even she consider such a thing? she almost let it go all the way to intercourse, yeah, or she probably would have said, alright, you know, this is too weird. she lets, she dressed up in robe and everything. I can't believe it even got that far. okay. and number five, the betrayers themselves, dr. Vincent and Beverly. yeah, he, you know, makes a a big scene of punishing them. yeah. and I was a shock to me that Vincent went out in that fashion. that quickly took off his pinky to, I mean, that's your big bro. I'm just gonna cut off his pinky as a warning, yeah, and the small, little punishment, but not, you know, cut his throat. but then Beverly leaving, leaving her to live, might come back and haunt him. you don't, should not leave someone as Ben full and filled with rages as Beverley. now, Beverly, she could die in gruesome fashion in the next episode, or, I don't know, week this could be something else entirely. we didn't see her die yet, and we got the final girls to talk about a little bit later on. so we'll see. tell your brother he's next. a couple more details. obviously, winter's version of the truth of what happened in the car with detective Samuels, she says that Beverly was the one that shot her. we, of course, earlier saw that it was her that pulled the trigger. I think she's just, you know, lying to save her ass. I love you, obviously. and get beverly against guy. yeah. another twist, I guess you could say. at the end there, with Ali uncovering herself, is one of the people in the mask. but I think people's always coming a little bit. yeah, they assumed that she was probably gonna link up with him and somehow get close to him. we'll see if she becomes top dog at the end of this whole thing. and now Ivy's hoping that, you know, maybe they can rekindle an old flame, know, about that time. now, guys to share our favorite lines of episode eight. Greg, what you got? I got this one from detective Samuels in the car with winter. I want you to put the garbage back where it belongs, because he doesn't believe in global warming. of course, kai doesn't believe. come on. he just had to add that little thing in there. I think each week, Ryan Murphy's gonna add one more little nod a tent at our current administration. what's going on there with Kai? yeah. kai is just like the troll of all trolls. he's like the super troll. my favorite was something he said to his older brother when they first met at his house. and, oh god, just one more thing I need from you from now on, call me councilman. when KY told his brother to call him councilman, you were like, uh-oh. the second he has his hands wrapped around, I'm thinking, oh [ __ ]. yeah. another exchange that we enjoyed was between Kai and ally, when Kai went over to her house for some sloppy joes. he makes a reference to Speedwagon, obviously, REO Speedwagon. and then she makes a reference to the band Aerosmith. just a couple of really cheesy, I mean, I can rock jokes sliced in there. yeah, sorry. okay, so who won this week? I'm gonna go with winter. yeah, I guess, because, well, she did stop the Messiah baby ritual, and then she killed detective Samuels for almost trying to pretty much rape her at that point. and but right after that, she throws Beverly under the bus because she couldn't come up with a better lie for detective Samuels death. yeah, I agree with you. that's a very good choice. you know, she's, she's getting rid of key players that might stand in her way of keeping power within the cult. so, yeah, props to winter to really make it moves in this episode. my choice is Allie, just because I guess the immersion therapy worked. I guess she's totally cured. I guess were supposed to believe that. it's kind of far-fetched, but at least she's putting on some sort of act, and she's gotten herself inside Kai's cult, once that one step closer to her son, which is probably her her ultimate goal. so I got to give it up to Ally, to for kind of just getting her [ __ ] together, you know, just like getting back on her feet. and, you know, I think she is one step closer to taking down Kai, or taking over for Kai. we don't know yet, but you know, she made moves. yeah. that leaves us with one last question that we have after episode eight. Gregg, what you got? well, who's gonna be the final girl or girls? we got winner IV, Beverly for now, and of course, Allie. now, common sense will make you think that it's gonna be Allie. she'll probably take over the cult at some point and just kill off Kai towards the end of the season. but I don't know just yet. it could be winter. she could get out of this law. or who knows, Beverley could somehow rise to the top from the ashes and make her way through this. I don't know. what do you guys think? yeah, let us know in the comments below what you guys think. Mike, my question was basically surrounding a winter like in her motivations. sometimes I feel like she's ready to just kill Kai, and other times I'm like, no, their bond is so strong and she's just completely evil. her her motivation is very interesting to me. and then also Ally, like issue really cured is, is she all put it, she's putting on a whole act? is she definitely gonna be all gung-ho about this, this cult? or is he just ultimately concerned about her well-being and Ozzy's well-being? so those are my questions there. you know, we have a few more episodes left to figure these out. let us know what you guys think in the comments below. any theories, any predictions you guys might have, what you think of the show so far? we'll be back next week, right? well, the months. I'll be here. yeah, he'll be here. I'll be here. episode 9 of American Horror Story cult. thanks for watching, guys. bye guys. what if I asked you to make the ultimate sacrifice for me? would you do that with a smile? next Tuesday, everything he touches dies. where's your wife? I want to tell you a secret. please help me my son's life depends on this. when I point to you, you drink brought to you by the evil within, to the evil within. - available now 