welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and with Joker, cementing the Clown Prince of Crime is comic books best villain, once more, I thought I'd give a full character breakdown on Gotham's most infamous rogue. throughout this video, I'm gonna be going over everything that you need to know about the Joker, as well as what media you need to check out for the best stories on the villain. there will be some spoilers here. and whilst I won't be discussing any major plot points of the new Joker film, there will be some of the overall arcs touched upon here. so if you don't want to know anything, then I highly recommend that he turn off now, without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of the Joker. cast your mind back to 1939. comic book writers and artists Bill Finger and Bob Kane have just created Batman, a hero who stands as a darker version of Superman, and who has become a big success. though the Dark Knight is more than capable of taking down a superstitious and cowardly criminals. he's yet to meet his match. so the two young creators, joined by Jerry Robinson, come up with an incredible foe for his debut entry. in the pages of Batman, issue 1, released April 25th, 1940, Joker is introduced to the world, and things would never be the same again. based initially on Conrad bites character in the 1928 film, the man who laughs, Joker was a sadistic and criminal mastermind that smiled gleefully through his murders. over the years, mirroring Batman, the criminal has taken on several different incarnations that are all equally as fascinating as each other. when the Caped Crusader was played for Laughs in the 50s, due to the comics code Authority, Joker became a prankster. in the 70s, when things took a darker turn for the gotham vigilante, the Joker too became more violent and aggressive. and throughout the decades, however, Batman has appeared, the clown prince has murdered him. this runs deep on a fundamental level to showcase that Batman and the Joker are two sides of the same coin. Batman represents order, whereas the Joker represents chaos, and the two characters are heavily tied into one another. though DC had never set in stone the Joker's true origin story, one thing has remained constant throughout every incarnation that we've had. the Joker, similar to Batman, was born out of tragedy. however, whereas Bruce Wayne walked the path of good, potentially due to his resources and wealth, a poor, struggling Joker decided to turn to a life of crime. my favorite origin story of The Joker comes in the seminal graphic novel, The Killing Joke, by Allen war in which we see a down-on-his-luck, struggling comedian have his wife and unborn child killed by a malfunction toaster. this completely random event massively changes the characters life. and after he's forcibly drafted into a criminal act, Joker is stopped by Batman and falls into a vat of toxins as chemicals, which bleaches his skin white, his hair green, and sends him insane. though the origin story that we see play out in it could be the way that the events that led to his creation happened, the character also states that he prefers to leave his origin story as multiple choice, and therefore his true past remains completely enigmatic. in Batman, 1989, Joker takes the form of Jack Napier, and Simha the aforementioned version falls into a vat of chemicals, emerging as Gotham's most unstoppable super villain. in 2008, though we never learned his true origin story, it is believed that the Joker is an Iraq war veteran suffering from PTSD, and he uses his masterful tactics to hold the city to ransom. in 2016, Suicide Squad, he's a ruthless modern-day gangster that pretty much runs the underworld of Gotham, and has had many victims, including Batman's closest ally, Robin. in the 2009 teen movie, Joker, Arthur flack, a struggling comedian who lives in poverty, dons the mantle due to his circumstances and causes an uprising and Gotham against the rich. whatever the story though, Joker is the ultimate unreliable narrator, and you could become completely caught up in his origin story, only to later learn that this never happened, and that the characters simply imagined it all of the different versions over the heirs have told different tales about a man who, similar to Bruce Wayne, had one bad day that, on how you look at it, either made him or broke him. Batman was able to overcome this, perhaps due to his support system, whereas the Joker, who probably felt isolated, fell deeper into darkness. whatever way you slice it, though, both Batman and the Joker are products of Gotham. see, in the most recent telling, Gotham is a completely corrupt environment, and one that lets the rich get richer, whilst the poor get poorer. the tight grip of finances causes the city to slash medical and social care. and thus Arthur Flagg, played by Joaquin Phoenix, struggles to get by, whilst keeping his mental state in check. he suffers from delusions and ultimately causes an uprising in Gotham that, similar to the dog Knight Rises, causes Gotham's wealthiest of all. its masterfully told. and it beautifully asks the question, is this flex fault, or is society built in such a way that a character like the Joker emerging is the only logical conclusion. in other iterations of the Joker, he arrives after Batman rather than before. and showcases the effect that the Dark Knight has on the city. for example, in the Dark Knight trilogy, the fact that Batman dons a mask in order to fight criminals forces them to do the same in order to have some anonymity. and thus this causes a rise of mass criminals throughout the city. in order to level the playing field, The Joker himself not only carries out several mass murders, but he also seems to relish it, appearing insane. though whether this is all an act is up for debate, and over the years, many have arrived at slightly different conclusions. though throughout the decades, his sexuality was rarely touched upon, with him pretty much being deemed asexual. and Batman, the Animated Series, the Bonnie to his Clyde, was introduced with Harley Quinn, a psychiatrist that he led astray. Quinn and Joker have been in an extremely toxic relationship over the years that showcases that Joker doesn't really have any empathy for anyone around him. he severely beat Harley, and know, in recent telling, she has left the character, there's always the chance that he will woo her back. The Joker similar to Batman, carries an Arsenal with him at all times, including giant guns, electrified rings and a lapel flower that sprays acid on command. like Batman, he has had his own cars, planes and more over the decades. and whilst he is unable to match the Dark Knight physically from time to time, he definitely has a weapons case that can compete the Joker. over the decades, has appeared in some absolutely incredible stories that all stand the test of time to this day. Batman 1999 is brilliant. the Dark Knight and Joker are phenomenal. but there's also other entries that are definitely worth checking out, such as the aforementioned Killing Joke, Arkham Asylum, by Grant Morrison, the man who laughs, which we tells his first encounter with The Dark Knight. Batman, a death in the family, in which the character brutally kills Jason Todd. death of the family, which is sort of a love letter to The Dark Knight and Batman. endgame, in which the Joker takes down Batman and the Justice League in brilliant fashion. if you can only read one though, I highly recommend that you check out the Dark Knight Returns it's an awesome closing of the book on the character, and is outstanding from beginning to end. in addition to this, it can't be overstated just how much Mark Hamill did a fantastic job with the character in the animated series as well as the Batman, Arkham games. and I highly recommend that you pick up the boxer if you want what, my opinion, is the definitive portrayal the Joker, no matter the telling, really is an outstanding character, and his legacy will no doubt outlive us all. as of October 2009, teen Joker is the only comic book film to ever get an Oscar due to he pledges betrayal and the Christopher Nolan film, The Dark Knight, though there are rumors that Joaquin Phoenix will to be nominated for his depiction, the character is one of the most recognizable icons in pop culture, and safe to say that he is as loved as he is feared. acting as the perfect opposite to Batman, the Joker is an incredible character and can be molded in any way to fit any story. whether he's The Laughing buffoon or the maniacal mass murderer, The Joker has an appeal to him that keeps fans coming back for more and more. it really can't be overstated how brilliant that he is. and in my opinion, he's the best villain ever created. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the Joker. and if you agree with me or not, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of the new geography or and wack in Phoenix, which would be linked at the end. I got over everything that you need to know about the film and give my interpretation of it. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want more, if you want to come chat to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, that make sure you follow me on Twitter, at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. I also just want to let you know that we're currently giving away a free copy of spider-man, far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video. make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Joker in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random on October the 15th, and the blue arrow be shipped out from the end. whoever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like it, subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition that. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. [Music]. you 