welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going to examine the horrors of travel vlogging with the 2020 supernatural thriller, death of meat. for more information on black magic talisman that keep you on the knife's edge between life and death, subscribe to the channel. let's get to it. we open on beautiful scenes of tropical islands off the coast of thailand, where the residents live simple lives. we also hear a radio warning the occupants of an impending typhoon heading their way. then christine wakes up confused and absolutely filthy. she checks on her boo kneel, who seems to be conscious, although neither of them remember the events of the prior evening. no time to unpack this, however, as they're running late for their fairy back to the airport. along the way, she wonders if neil bought her the unusual pendant now dangling from her neck, another confusing indicator of wild times, the pride or evening. but they have to refocus their attention as the driver misses a turn, and they end up in an argument about whether they're going to a ferry or a festival. the ultimate result involves the taxi driver booting them from the car. so they have to hoof it to the dock, and even neil's thick ass makes it before the boat leaves, but they find their carry-on bags do not contain their passports nor christine's phone. the clerk denies access, but reassures them that they have time to find their documents, as another fairy won't be along until 7pm. and also not to worry about the incoming storm. the island hasn't been hit by a typhoon in over 200 years, making it impossible to happen now. but they do have to wait it out without their luggage, which did make it onto the boat and is now floating across the inlet. guys, what is going on here? unfortunately, when they get back to their airbnb, the passports and phone are nowhere to be found. while christine stresses, neil tries to reassure her that they'll just hit the embassy on the mainland after boarding the boat that previously denied them passage due to a lack of id. it's all good. christine takes a moment to find her center clarity, and then returns to neil, searching his phone for any photos that may indicate what went down the prior evening. the photos demonstrate things turned frat-like very quickly. but they remember all that. and then they open a two and a half hour video neil shot they definitely don't remember. they play it to find neil vlogging their drinking tour across the island, which took them to an off the beaten path location where they imbibed a magical island drink. we also witnessed christine acquiring the talisman of good health very quickly. they observe themselves struggling against the drink's influence as local islanders look on. the video then helps us out by glitching its way through the boring stuff so it can get us to the good stuff. our two lovebirds screaming like beasts in someone's front yard in his zeal neil ends up snapping christine's delicate bird-like neck and rolling her lifeless body into a shallow grave, a bit of a surreal turn of events. upset by her apparent murder, christine retires to the bathroom where she finds evidence of her throttling. she takes off her pendant and almost immediately starts barfing up astroturf. and then neal notes that her skin is frigid. at this incredibly inopportune moment. the homeowners then return. they take a breather by the shore as the house is cleaned up and the talisman is returned to christine. given their situation, samantha offers to let them stay while they sort out christine's medical issues at the local minute clinic. the doctor gives her a once-over, resulting in a thumbs-up. but then she asks him about puking up dirt, and it's suggested that she ingested naman pride, a buddhist drink that causes hallucinations. since he thinks he's so smart and skeptical, they show him the murder video to see what he thinks of that, and then he hooks her up with some meds. as she begins to actively hallucinate, they take a walk on the beach, where neil decides he's not on board anymore with the idea that he would have ever put violence on her. but then she hallucinates his disappearance, resulting in more confusion about what's real or imagined, and leaving her unsure of what to believe. so they focus instead on figuring out how they're going to spend their remaining time before the next ferry. they decide to grab a quick bite at a nearby cafe. while the mystery festival previously mentioned rolls through. a grubhub driver steers longinglya christine's pendant, causing her to take it off again. as a travel journalist, neil runs off with an aura of childlike wonder to document the parade's lackluster appeal from within its ranks. meanwhile, christine becomes almost instantly sick after discarding the necklace, and ends up in the bathroom where she eventually discovers there was a snake in there that was causing all them problems. as neil continues documenting, someone grabs his phone, distracting him from his job. he catches up with the guy, but only after the video is deleted. and then he goes to find his wife, who is no longer at the table nor in the bathroom. we see that she's busy hooking up with a coven of witches who are preparing to inject their black tears directly into her eyeball. and she rightly screams her way through the procedure. someone eventually tells neil what's up, and he rushes off to reunite with his love, who is left laying on the sidewalk with an arm injury. now, after getting it wrapped up, she recounts the tale of the faceless women, and neil shows her a festival float adorned with her visage. then christine notices the bartender and gives chase, ending up in a tattoo parlor where she's thanked by a burly bear man. they learn from the tattooist that her necklace is considered a special gift for an honored guest of the island, but she declines to be less cryptic than that. when neal drops a few bennies, the most she does is direct them back to the small village where they had drinks the prior night. their arrival puts a pause in the festivities, but they proceed anyway. when they catch up with the hostess, she willingly returns neil's passport to him, but still claims to not have christine's. then they have an argument about why she served them the tainted drink, and whether or not they requested it. ah, and then the townsfolk are back. annoyed that everyone talks and riddles around here, they go ahead and head out. when they get back to the house, we learn neil is hooked up with a neighbor who has a boat and is willing to take them to the mainland. we also learn that samantha came to the island because she's really into the local folklore, but despite her enthusiasm, she refuses the pendant. then, as the boat preparations are underway, christine wanders off to try to get reception on the phone. neil, enamored with the intricate art of gutting fish, decides that he wants to take up this new hobby. but instead of ruining another man's fish, he practices first on himself, a smart move. after he falls into the water, christine peers over the edge of the dock in a way that you just know she's laying in a pile of guts right now. she then dreams they're chilling on a beach, only to wake up on a bench. when she comes too, the water has receded and there's no body. she tells a fantastical story to the authorities, but the fisherman from the dock only vouches for seeing her there, not neil, despite all the gaslighting, samantha at least seems somewhat sympathetic to her and demonstrates clear concern for her hydration levels. then christine dreams again that neil is faced down in the mud. so she runs to him, but when she arrives, he's been replaced by some nasty hoes who disappear. when samantha calls out to let christine know that she is neil on the phone. unfortunately, the reception is too bad, and she's not able to hear anything, or even confirm he was ever there. despite this, she now says she has a good idea of what's going on and where neil is located. so she runs off to find him in a car. along the way, we hear more warnings of the typhoon, which everyone seems to be fairly cavalier about. she gets a warning from samantha about choosing her actions wisely, and then she heads right on in and up, calling out for neil. all she finds is a ringing phone, which initiates another hallucination of the faceless ladies of whom she not only has the audacity to ask a question, which is rude, considering. but then she takes it upon herself to tug at their stitches. then she wakes up on samantha's couch with no memory. you don't remember? yeah, that's kind of her thing. you didn't figure that out by now? you don't remember? no, she does not. she investigates her body while flashing back to a special ritual where they appear to have introduced some sort of critter into her cooter. then she recognizes finally that her bouts of illness come whenever she takes off the necklace. samantha then reveals that neil showed her the murder video, and then he took off in the hope that this would ensure christine's safety. she then escorts christine to the island doctor to help her with her sickness. the diagnosis is pregnancy. sam congratulates her, while the tattoo artist violates her hipaa rights. they proceed with an ultrasound to convince her, but a power surge sends her running into the streets where the storm sirens begin to sound. and the police officer tells her that she needs to leave the area. she goes to meet up with the tattoo artist to get any final details that we need to wrap up this movie. and we learn that she was actually killed, and now occupies the spirit realm with the necklace keeping her in balance between life and death. she was then impregnated to fulfill a ritual in which the island has ensured safety by sacrificing a pregnant lady. this is how they've avoided storms for 200 years. she's helping her now because she's hoping that when she is done with it, christine may let her ill son hold on to that townsmen of health. but before christine can finalize the details of getting help off the island, the doctor shows up, and when christine emerges, she finds he's compelled the artist into some sort of indelicate tattooing procedure. christine then takes off running, but finds the citizens of the island to be unhelpful. luckily, samantha arrives, clad in her ceremonial vestments to drive christine to the fury. but her stupid daughter, mommy, she knows, gives away the game. samantha reveals that the key is to fully believe in the island's magic that's how she cured herself for the cancer, and how christine got pregnant despite being told it was impossible for her. she then confirms that neil is, in fact, fully dead. so christine buckles up and decides to do a little test of whether or not the island can heal a bullet to the face. and it appears that it cannot. she then runs into the woods, until swooped up by the island cultists who deposit her at the prime spot for maximizing magical impact. she wakes up after nightfall and finds they've all been eagerly awaiting her arrival, very thankful for her willingness to sacrifice herself for their continued safety. then they get to ritualizing, which mostly involves staring at her. then her seductor steps up and tries to walk back the events of the day to make it seem like this came about of christine's own choice and free will, as is required by the magic. then it's time for the final stage of the procedure, which involves stitching her eyeballs shut. she passes out and dreams of neil, who compels her to wake back up, which she does. and then demonstrates what free will actually looks like. she's then warned that if she chooses life for herself, all the others will die. but she's not totally convinced that this is all real, possibly the downside of instilling psychological confusion through hallucinogens, so she runs straight out to a boat and rides it directly into the eye of the storm. as the villagers come to send her off from the shore. the next day, we learned that this time the only casualty of the typhoon was this tiny island, mainly in thailand. and the surrounding areas were completely spared. this is a fact that is of no concern to christine, because they find her dead in her life raft floating in the ocean. i have a website set up where you can support the channel through donations or merch i'd like to take a moment to give a huge thanks to my donors. memorialized in the hall of head shots. death of me was a movie in which things happened and events transpired. now this can be okay under certain circumstances. however, when you go with this format for a film intended to be a mystery or thriller, it mostly leads to confusion and feelings of pointlessness. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 