hello movie fans, and welcome back to another full movie recap with movie reveals. in today's video, we're going to give you a full play-by-play summary on the 2017 sci-fi horror movie called life. warning, this is a spoiler alert. but at least you will get to know what the movie is about, and whether you want to watch it or not, hope you enjoy. let's start with a quick summary. astronauts aboard the international space station are on the cutting edge of one of the most important discoveries in human history, the first evidence of extraterrestrial life on mars. as members of the crew convict their research, the rapidly evolving life form proves far more intelligent and terrifying than anyone could have imagined. now for the full recount. oh, by the way, if you like the video, make sure to comment below. the pilgrim, a satellite capsule coming from mars, is being intercepted by a crew of astronauts onboard the international space station. the pilgrim contains soil samples from mars, which the astronauts believe will confirm the presence of life on mars. the team's primary goal is to intercept the pilgrim and determine whether or if life is feasible on mars. unfortunately, the pilgrim is damaged and deviates from its original course. rory puts on his spacesuit and prepares for a spacewalk outside the space station. he'd be in charge of a mechanical arm that would capture the pilgrim. his co-workers are assisting him in preparing for his mission. as the astronauts navigate the space station, all hurrying into their stations. the atmosphere is tense. their commander, ekaterina, and another astronaut show are in charge of the operation in the station's command center. as the station maneuvers into position to intercept the pilgrim, the other astronauts keep a close eye on it. worries. vital signs are being monitored by david, the station doctor, from a window. he and the head scientist, hugh, keep an eye on worry. as they finally see the pilgrim capsule nearing the station, the station is filled with anxiety. rory maneuvers the arm into place, and the entire station jolts back as the pilgrim charges in and makes contact. the astronauts are pushed back, but they notice rory has grabbed the pilgrim. as they return to the window at zakaterina informs nasa that the pilgrim spacecraft has successfully landed on the station. shears and smiles are shared. hugh carefully removes samples from a container and examines them under a microscope in the laboratory. in the sample, he detects an almost fossilized microorganism. it resembles a single cell creature, according to him. hugh tries to reanimate the organism, but it remains motionless. he next attempts simulating a protrazoic earth's atmosphere with the addition of a growth hormone, the creature begins to move, much to everyone's amazement. hugh can't help but chuckle. now that they've proven life on another planet. later, the crew gets a call from earth. the finding of alien life is being celebrated by news outlets and big audiences alike. the astronauts speak with pupils informing them that their school has been granted a once in a lifetime opportunity to name the martian. a child declares that they decided to name the organism calvin. after the call, the astronauts get back to their tasks. hugh and rory argue while trying to fix the station's plumbing. meanwhile, the other doctor, miranda, checks on david's health. miranda is concerned since david had spent a substantial amount of time aboard the station, nearly breaking the world record for the longest period in space. david claims that he is unconcerned because he wishes to remain on the space station. he has the impression that he belongs there. the next day, they proceed to test the creature. he discovered that calvin had expanded quickly, now including hundreds of cells and forming a neurological network. hugh points out that each of calvin cells may execute each somatic function separately, implying that each of calvin's cell is a muscle cell and nerve cell and photoreceptive cell. at the same time, it is an all brain, all muscle and all-eyes entity. hugh tries to make touch with calvin, who has sprouted tendrils as well. cube is tinkering with the alien thing, and the rest of the team is watching with baited breath. cho contacts his wife, who is presently in labor after the crew eats dinner, show then reveals his newborn daughter to the group. the team then retires to their quarters, each to their own needs. he was back at the lab talking with calvin, while david examines himself for injuries and diseases, show continues his conversation with his family. after a few weeks, the station is jolted awake by an alert rory. miranda and hugh are the first to arrive at the lab. rory enters and corrects the problem, and hugh acknowledges that he must have overlooked something that caused the lab to malfunction. miranda emphasizes the necessity of keeping calvin contained because they are still learning about him. he was irritated, claiming that they shouldn't compare calvin to his sickness. while rory is angry, claiming that calvin is an alien species to which hugh should not become too attached. miranda later observes that callun has gone dormant. after weeks of consistent development. when the laboratory malfunctioned, they believed calvin went into sleep as a defense strategy. she expressed his relief, claiming that the creature was developing too quickly. this stop in its growth has allowed her and the rest of the team to go through their containment protocols again. calvin, in the lab, must be kept completely sealed at all times. miranda believes that the safety of everyone on board exceeds any potential harm to calvin. hugh and miranda talk about calvin. he highlights the necessity of their goal and research into calvin's cells. calvin, he claims, has the key to treating every sickness, or perhaps curing any ailment. to re-awaken calvin, he recommends giving him a mild electric shock. hume is preparing to electrocute calvin in the lab. calvin awakens after repeated shocks, grabbing onto hugh's hand and shattering the electric wand. as calvin holds hugh's hand, the team attempts to remain calm. hugh attempts to get away, but calvin holds on tightly. hugh begins to scream in agony as calvin begins to squeeze him. hugh begins crying for assistance as calvin begins twisting hugh's fingers into strange shapes. the crew wants to go in and assist, but miranda warns them that they can't risk endangering another crew member. calvin fractures hugh's hand when the team is arguing. hugh suddenly begins to float unconscious with his hand in a mangled knot. calvin tries to get out of the container. it pierces one of the gloves with a fragment of the shattered electric wand calvin manages to break away, frightening everyone. calvin finds its way to a rat specimen in a lab. it comes out of nowhere and wraps itself around the rat, devouring it. hugh is rescued by rory, who enters the lab. hugh is received by david, but he rushes to lock the lab door before rory notices calvin latching itself on rory's thigh. rory then gets an oxygen candle in the hopes of burning calvin. calvin is torched and it leaps off. the alien is then ordered to be killed by ekaterina. rory prepares to suffocate calvin with an incinerator. he goes on the quest for the extraterrestrial, dousing it in flames, rory pursues calvin as he flees around the lab hiding. rory apprehends the alien, believing calvin is imprisoned in a container. calvin appears behind war rate. as he realizes the container is empty, rory's face is grabbed by the alien, which finds its way inside his mouth. rory starts coughing, and the team looks on in terror, helpless as he hovers lifelessly in the lab. a significant amount of blood spews from worry's mouth. the incinerator sets off a fire alarm, and retardant gas is released into the lab. calvin comes out from rory, his size having increased 100 fold. because calvin may exploit the gas holds as a route out, show and the commander try physically sealing the gas. unfortunately, calvin reaches the final vowel as it closes and squeezes out. ekaterina sends a distress signal to nasa, but show notices that the signal has been lost. to fix it, they'd have to go outside. ekaterina gets dressed and goes outside. when she gets to the transmitter, she notices that it has overheated. when she opens the coolant chamber, she discovers that it is empty. calvin might have gotten to the coolant. she thinks, hugh, now awake, speculates that calvin may have eaten the coolant to stay alive. calvin emerges from the cooling room and clings onto ekaterina while they converse. ekaterina returns to the station airlock, but she finds that there is liquid in her suit. calvin has burst ekaterina's cooling line, and she knows she is about to drown. when the liquid starts to obstruct her eyesight, she decides to make a dash for the airlock. ekaterina's helmet fills with liquid coolant, and she begins to drown. miranda tells david that ekaterina may be agitated and irrational, as he hurries to the airlock to meet her. when ekaterina arrives at the airlock, david encourages her to assist him in unlocking it. she starts turning the airlock lever in the opposite way, much to david's dismay. echo torino locks herself out on purpose, to rescue the team from calvin. miranda realizes ekaterina drowns, and david and miranda stand by and watch her drift away. calvin returns to the ship, and david begins to moan in despair. he tries to calm everyone down by assuring them that calvin has been outside for much too long for anything to live. calvin might still reach the station through the thrusters. according to show, they keep an eye on the thrusters, and when one detects a temperature shift, show fires it. unfortunately, all of the thruster firing leads the station to swerve off course, forcing show to re-enter orbit with the remaining fuel. calvin is able to return to the station. as a result of this, hugh learns that calvin's race must have ruled mars for millions of years, until the planet's atmosphere collapse, forcing them to hibernate. to drive calvin back into sleep, he recommends simulating the same on the station. they'd withdraw to a single capsule, shut themselves in and turn off the station's oxygen supply. they take refuge in a capsule and shut the door behind them, where anna sees huge deterioration. hugh blames himself for what happened, while david claims that taking calvin was a team decision. calvin, according to hugh, isn't their foe because it's simply trying to survive, and it must devour them in order to survive. he becomes drowsy and passes out. cube is being stabilized by the crew, when miranda observes something moving in his leg. hugh's pants are unzipped, and she discovers calvin nibbling on hugh's leg. it'd all take a step back. miranda shocks calvin with a defibrillator, but it just draws the alien's attention. shove is trapped in the sleeping pods. when they hurry out and split up. when david and miranda return to hugh, david notices that he is dying in a hologram. david watches calvin going across the ship. huge tracker had been devoured by calvin, leaving miranda and david with the capacity to follow the thing. they then shut themselves in and empty the other compartments of oxygen. when they receive a proximity alert, calvin begins to suffocate. they observe another shuttle docking with the station via the glass. miranda explains that the other shuttle is there to push them into deep space, not to save them. it's a last-ditch security precaution to ensure that no extraterrestrial life ever reaches earth. show leaves his sleeping compartment and herdes to the shovel, believing the shuttle docking is a rescue mission. calvin creeps up behind him as he attempts to unlock the hatch. miranda and david try to get to show as soon as possible, but they are too late. they witness the cosmonauts on board the shuttle being eaten, and show attempting to escape. the shuttle disintegrates and the seal between the two stations is broken. show is pulled out of the station as it begins to decompress. calvin quickly grabs shows legend begins climbing. show grabs calvin allows himself to be drawn back. as calvin comes closer to miranda, show collides with the station and is pulled into space. but calvin manages to cling on it. david assists miranda in climbing the ladder and successfully locks calvin out. parts and debris fly everywhere as the station begins to come apart. david notices that the station has been driven back towards earth by the term well giving them roughly 30 minutes until it re-enters the atmosphere. david had an epiphany. due to the lack of air, calvin is looking for oxygen. therefore, the oxygen candles might be used to entice him. he intends to entice calvin to one of the escape pods and accompany him into deep space. miranda would then board a separate pod and return to earth to inform everyone about what had transpired. they start their strategy, and david goes out with oxygen candle. calvin appears and embraces his oxygen candle. as david cautiously navigates the station. david flees, lowering calvin with another oxygen candle. when david arrives at the escape pod, calvin jumps in and grabs him. miranda continues her journey to the other pod. after seeing david arrive at the pod, david fires up his pod and blasts out into deep space. miranda then takes off, and they begin to separate. miranda describes what happened in the station on a black box tape. she advises considering all martian life as hostile and harmful if it ever reaches earth, it is advised to employ all available measures to kill calvin. both capsules collide with debris and begin to malfunction. calvin takes david's hand in his, but he attempts to stay on course. miranda falls. the navigation systems of her pod begins to fail. the two pods begin to drift apart. as calvin rap says arnold around david's arm, he yells in pain. one pod reaches the atmosphere, while the other flies away into space. the capsule eventually crashes into the sea. fishermen approach the pod as it descends. they observe david wrapped in flesh tendrils in the pod. miranda continues to stray in space. the fishermen collaborate to open the pod, and david attempts to discourage them. they don't comprehend what he's saying. as more fishing boats approach the pod, they unwittingly push themselves and the world closer to extinction. the end. see you soon, and thanks for watching. 