Captain Marvel ties into the MCU due to its inclusion of the tesseract, the mystical Cosmic Cube that contains the space stone. this linchpin of the Marvel movie franchise has appeared in several movies, and those who've seen Captain Marvel may leave theaters scratching their head as to where exactly it plays into the overall arc of the movies. so throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the tesseract, as well as its entire timeline from beginning to end. this is full spoilers ahead for every MCU movie. so if you aren't fully up to speed with Captain Marvel, then I highly suggest that you turn off. now, with that out the way, I'm definition, and welcome to the channel where I explain it so you don't have to. in Captain America, the First Avenger, the tesseract, makes its first appearance in the timeline. Johann Schmidt, aka the Red Skull, is searching for the mystical item and discovers it locked away in a secret muriel. he states that it was the jewel of Odin's treasure room on Asgard so how exactly did it get to our planet? well, we've never had this confirmed for sure, but it seems like it was placed on earth for protection, much in the same way that the aether was endure the dark world on another planet, to keep it out of the wrong hands. the Red Skull wanted to channel the tesseract power into weapons, but after some intervention by the Allies in Captain America, he attempted to hold it in his hands, blasted across the galaxy from the power of the space stone that was harnessed within the cube. then ended up in the ocean, where it was picked up by Howard Stark. from here ends up at shield, which is when stark and the other members of the team begin project Pegasus, which plays heavily into Captain Marvel. dr. Wendy Lawson, aka Marvel, tried to harness the power of the tesseract and a top secret base in the mojave desert in order to help the scrolls achieve Lightspeed technology, so that they could outrun the cream. on her cloaked orbital Bay, she hides the tesseract before returning to earth to carry out the experiment that would give Captain Marvel. her powers were Marvel journeys to the base in the film, goosed. the cat, or should I say fluke in, swallows the cube before coughing it up in Nick Fury's office in the post-credits scene of the film. here it remains at the base in the Mojave, until it makes its next appearance in the post-credits scene of Thor that shows dr. Erik Selvig under the influence of Loki. Loki uses Selvig as a puppet to open a doorway with the stone, which is when we get to its next appearance in The Avengers. in the Avengers, Loki shows up, levels the base from Captain Marvel and makes off with the stone to allow the Chitauri invasion to begin on earth. it appears that the tesseract goes dormant from time to time, as the introduction of the film states that it has awakened and that the Chitauri, ally, aka Loki, knows its inner workings. the avengers managed to stop the guard by the end of the film, and that is when the tesseract is taken back to Asgard, where it remains in Odin's treasure room once more and tell Thor Ragnarok. in Thor Ragnarok, on his way out of the doomed kingdom of god Loki, grabs a stone and hides it using his magic. in the end credits scene, we see that as his ship show up and invade the vessel. and from here, it's taken by Thanos, who crushes the cube and takes the stone out, uniting it with the other Infinity stones in the foam in order to carry out the snap. from then on, the stone remains in the gauntlet, which is then cast aside upon the completion of the NASA's mission. whilst Avengers endgame hasn't seen release yet, behind-the-scenes footage shows that the cube may once again be making an appearance. so it would be great to see a plane to that movie somehow. and that's everything you need to know about the timeline of the tesseract so far and how it came to be in shields possession at the end of Captain Marvel. if you have any other insight into the stone, then make sure you comment below and let me know. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of Captain marbles ending and post credits scenes, which would be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition that you've been the best and not seen. take care. peace. [Music]. 