King Agner of arendelle, tells a story to his young children, Elsa and Anna, that their grandfather, King Ramiro, established a treaty with the neighboring tribe of North ultra by building a dam in their homeland, the enchanted forest. however, a fight occurs, resulting in Ramirez death. the battle enrages the elemental spirits of earth, fire, water and air of the forest. the spirits disappear and a wall of mist traps everyone in the enchanted forest. young Agner barely escapes due to the help of an unknown Savior. three years after her coronation, Elsa celebrates autumn in the kingdom with Anna, Olaf the snowman, Kristoff, the ice harvester, and Christoph's reindeer, Sven. when Elsa hears a mysterious voice calling out to her, she follows it and unintentionally awakens the elemental spirits who disrupt arendelle, forcing everyone in the kingdom to evacuate. grand pabbie and the trolls colony arrive at arendelle, and pabbie informs them that they must set things right by discovering the truth about the kingdom's past. Elsa, Anna Olaf, Kristoff and Sven embarked to the enchanted forest, following the mysterious voice. after the missed parts, at Elsa's touch, the air spirit in the form of a tornado appears and sweeps everyone in its vortex. Elsa stops it, forming a set of ice sculptures. the sisters discover the sculptures are images from their father's past, and that their mother, Queen adieu nough, was a North ultra and was the one who had saved Agner. they encountered the nil fall draw and a troop of arendelle e'en soldiers who are still in conflict with one another. before the fire spirit appears. Elsa discovers the spirit to be an agitated magical salamander and calms it down. Elsa and Anna arrange a truce between the soldiers and the Nostalgia by explaining that their mother was myth all drained, and their father was arendelle e'en. they later learned the existence of a fifth spirit who will unite people and the magic of nature. Elsa, Anna and Olaf continued ahead North, leaving Kristoff and Sven behind. they find their parents wrecked ship, and with the route to auto Hollen, a mythical River told by their mother to contain all explanations of the past. Elsa sends Anna and Olaf away to safety and continues alone. she encounters and tames the Nook, the water spirit who guards the sea Tata Holland. reaching out to Holland, also discovers that the voice calling to her was a Doudna, that her powers were given to her by nature because of a Dunas selfless act of saving Agner, and that Elsa herself is the fifth spirit. Elsa then learns that the dam was built as a ruse to reduce the natal Joe's resources because of King Renier dislike of the tribes connection with magic and his intention to incorporate the region into his kingdom. she also learns he was the one who initiated the conflict by killing the unarmed leader of the natal drah. elsa sends this information to Anna before becoming frozen due to venturing into the most dangerous part of oughta Hollen. this in turn causes Olaf to fade away. vana receives else's message and concludes that the dam must be destroyed for peace to be restored. ahna finds and awakens the gigantic earth spirits and lers them towards the dam. the Giants hurl boulders aimed at Anna, which destroyed the dam, sending a flood down to the fjord, to the kingdom. Elsa thaws out and returns to arendelle, diverting the flood and saving the kingdom. as the wall of mist disappears, Elsa reunites with Anna and revives Olaf Kristoff ask Sanne to marry him, and she accepts. Elsa explains that she and Anna are now the bridge between the people and the magical spirits. Anna becomes the new queen of arendelle, while Elsa becomes the protector of the Enchanted Forest, who regularly visits arendelle as peace has been restored. you. [Music], 