sharp objects Bowser with an incredible twist ending. now has seen many viewers react in different ways. whilst it may have had some people immediately turning off, those who stuck around were treated to a mid credit scene revealed more about the seasons mystery. throughout this video, I'll be discussing the ending of sharp objects as well as the post-credits scene, so there will be heavy spoilers. without the way I'm definition. and this is my sharp objects ending explain video. sharp objects reveals many things about the inhabitants of the town windgap. the majority of the population are either killers or are in on the murders themselves. and by the finale, we are led to suspect both Camille's mother, adora, and Camille's half-sister, Auma. as the season comes to a head, we learn the hammer has manipulated adora into taking the rap for the two murders that her daughter committed. whilst this is very sadistic, just how manipulative Amma is, gets hammered home when we witness her murdering an Natalie and her new friend, Mei. at the close of the show, we also get a glance at two girls helping her commit the crimes. and eagle-eyed viewers will instantly recognize that it is her two rollerblading buddies, Kelsey and jokes. this makes sense, as Emma would have had to have had help when carrying out some of the murders and moving the bodies, which these two probably aided in. the post-credits scene is interlaced with shots of the murder of an Natalie in may. and it also contains an image of an a dressed in white, beckoning her friends into the woods and to their deaths. this harkens back to the opener of the finale, in which Emma was dressed as Persephone, queen of the underworld. I mentioned earlier that Persephone relished death, and this pushed her away from mortals. in her head, amer is now the queen of death, carrying out her destiny. similar to this isolation that Persephone faced. Camille now knows of her sister's true nature, and this will obviously drive a huge wedge between them, something that will no doubt have a huge effect on Amer as she stated that she has trouble sleeping when not accompanied by Camille. will her wish to become an angel of death? mean that she drives all those who love her away? or will she continue on her manipulative streak? we will have to wait to find out. so what did you think of sharp Jax? did you stick around for the post-credits scene? and what did you take from it? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and subscribe to my channel. I create content like this weekly, and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of TV. recently, I discuss the ending of the new Netflix horror selfie from hell, and what I took from the film. so make sure you check that out next thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. 