do you understand how valuable my time is, how much it means that I'm here doing this for you? this is a revolution. hey everyone. Greg and Ryan here. we are, back for another breakdown of American Horror Story cult. this is episode three. but do us a big favor before we jump into the show, hit subscribe so that you don't miss any of our episode breakdowns on this show, as well as video on Rick and Morty, Twin Peaks, preacher and much more. alright, this episode is called neighbors from hell. there are obviously some spoilers ahead. Greg, are you ready? it's satire. first up, a quick recap. a charming couple gets buried alive, and protesters demand justice for Pedro's murder. the Wilton's wear sombreros. a mysterious truck sprays chemicals in the neighborhood, while Ozzy's pet hamster explodes. kai has become some sort of messiah. the neighborhood has a vandalism problem, and someone kills the bravotv loving meadow. maybe. right off the bat, we have to say, r.i.p pedro. yeah. very sad moment. pedro didn't make it, and he really didn't do anything. he was just doing a nice favor for his bosses. i thought that wound was gonna be right here. i didn't think he was gonna die from it. but first thing we see from the showrunners his body being wheeled out. yeah, oh, sorry, pedro. I'm in so much trouble learning now, obviously, Ally is completely distraught over this whole thing, but she doesn't have to worry about any type of legal trouble because of Michigan's Stand Your Ground law. yeah, this is totally a reference to the Trayvon Martin shooting in 2012. they even make a reference later to George Zimmerman. yep. and it's a woman who's critics are calling a lesbian, George Zimmerman. another thing we noticed, remember Harrison told Ally about his open relationship marriage with meadow. now this week we see Harrison has invited over a companion for a late-night drink, and it's conveniently detective Samuels. now, in all seriousness, it's a little suspicious that law enforcement is hang out at the Wilton's. you can make so many excuses for why detective Samuels is there, but it's really weird that a cop would be in the same house that he was investigating the murder for earlier. okay, yeah, that was really nervous. I mean, it's the first time, like, the connection that we saw the cop with another character on this show. and it's just - there's too many shady people involved right here. we don't really trust the neighbors as is, no. and we didn't really trust the cup as well. detective Samuels is kind of, you know, all over the place in terms of who he's trying to pin for murders and stuff. so I don't trust any of them now. nope, nope, nope. not a soul. don't trust them all. okay, so one big question still remains for me. why torment Allie to this degree? yeah, why target her and why literally scare the hell out of her? hello, Liz. I think you're a horrible racist. it's clear that someone's just trying to separate the two ivy and Allie somehow, for some reason. possibly Ozzie, yes, someone is clearly trying to sabotage this marriage between Ali and Ivy, and they're doing it in some pretty messed-up ways. first with the craigslist ads, second with the exploding hamster poor aussie had to see that, you know, right in his face in a bikini. and then with the spying on her, with the video in the bathtub scene. it's gotta be Ivy fast. you think she's in on it? yes, there are so many reasons. is it because of Jill Stein that she voted for Jill Stein? they've been tolerated, the fact that you voted for Jill [ __ ] Stein instead of Hillary. the idea here is endless for what could be the cause. and maybe they do a flashback, and there's some issues we find out earlier with Ally we don't know about yet. yeah, who knows? but the idea that she flips out because she sees the sex video. okay, so you're with your partner in the room, and you see a video that pops up online, and your first reaction isn't that you're being spied on? yeah, it's alarming. something's up here. yeah. but also, that seems like an awful, a lot to do to someone if they brought it up, if they voted for Jill Stein. yeah. I mean, oh, poor, poor al. okay, I get it. she don't vote it for Jill's fine. but, like, that's things. it seems like a little bit aggressive. oh, I would love nothing more. at the end of that the season, the reveals IV immense because of Jill Stein, she says that that would be ridiculous. a little side note here, something else is going on - in the town, when it involves the chemical trucks. you know, we saw the big tubes the last episode in Harrison girls garage. and now we see these trucks going through the city, just springing out some light greens. super mysterious, late at night, green mist all over the neighborhood. yeah, we don't know what those trucks are doing, why they're there, and who's behind it all. let us know what you guys think in the comments down below. and we want to hear from you guys. so let us know what you guys think. now let's move on to phobias, your phobias. alright, guys. so we've seen coulrophobia, obviously, the fear of clowns. we've also seen Tripta phobia, fear of clusters of small holes, circles or bumps. and last week, agoraphobia, which was the fear of places and situations that might cause panic, helplessness or embarrassment. and now we learned of a new phobia in this season of American Horror Story, as we were introduced in the beginning with Rosie and Mark, the nice, charming couple that was, of course, buried alive. you had a condition, ferret or phobia, remember, call it by its name. take away its power, my ferret. Jeff, oh, yeah. so it looks to be a mix of claustrophobia, like tappa phobia, which is like the fear of being locked in a coffin. but the big thing about that whole entire scene is that dr. Vincent, he's totally in on this somehow. yeah, he has to be, because who else would know about Rosie's phobias and then decide to murder her in that same same way that she's she's been scared of all her life? and then he also knows all, obviously, about all of Ali's phobias as well, and how to go after her in the most horrific way possible. so, yeah, I'm with you, he has to be in on this. I don't know if he's a leader anymore though, just because of the way Kai yeah is going about in this whole entire episode. but he's got to be a big hand in this too. that's all with the little buttons. yes, when he's on, when he's at his office and he is playing with little smiley face buttons, you know, like collect them all it felt eerily like different clown faces that he was playing with. they're different, you know, he's, he's kind of sick and twisted, I feel like, to me, yeah, I think there's a lot more here we're not getting just yet on him, and he might be just completely gone. yeah, time now for the clown counter. it's Greg's favorite part of show. he loves it so much. can't you tell? it started off strong, Gregg, it really did. we had all six clowns show up and torment rosie and mark, sealing them in coffins in the opening of this episode. hold on. I think there was one more clown, if you want to count. the dude that shows up at the end when it's the smiley face clown is, let's call Matt. yeah, okay. sure. if it's there, if it scared you, then I'm all for counting him as this clown scare. it didn't really scare me, because all I could think of was Wilson from castaway, Wilson. Wilson had the blood too. time now to talk about our favorite lines from Episode three. Greg, what you got? I got this one. we were here first. tell that to the Native Americans. I love them. they're truly my saving grace for this show right now, or three episodes in, and I just want to see them on screen, even Kai, I really want to see more. kai, tuned, yeah, yeah, I agree. most of my favorite moments are with the Wilton's. and my favorite line came at the end with Harrison, what did you do? you crazy [ __ ]. what kind of [ __ ] are you up to? stay away from me. I just thought the reference was, you know, very recent movie hysterical, and the fact that Harrison was so over-the-top and flamboyant and pissed off and running out screaming in his boxers. I was dying laughing when I saw this bar get on my level. I loved that. and I just can't stop thinking of all the blood was in there, but you didn't see a body. so, hey, horror 101, but there's no body. you can't count them dead just yet. no matter how much blood you saw in that house, that's a really good point. next up, our most def moments. now, my most dumped moment has got to be, mr. guinea. so long, mr. guinea. it's been fun for the five minutes we had you on screen. I shouldn't be laughing at this, but it was just the way it all took place, it felt like an episode of South Park. the second he's like, mr. guinea, I get the keep BAM. it was very South Park. my most that moment had been the opening when Rosie and Mark are literally sealed against their will, sealed into coffins, and then you find out later that they just decompose in those coffins after a week of being stuck in there. why don't you try to like, I've seen so many movies and ideas, and we get out here so you can get out of that [ __ ]. just turn over. whatever. okay, I'm not even gonna this show. alright, let's talk about winners of episode three. Greg. who's your winner? dr. Vincent, he's gonna be making a killing, no pun, intended. with therapy sessions with ally and everyone else in the town. it makes me think, how many other targets has has he had in his life before Rosie told him, like, I'm cured. so he can't get any more money from her. so, BAM. that's good. post my winner. I said this every week. I'm sorry. his Chi. I just, the dude is on and we, we didn't see him a lot this episode, but now he's commanding, like, the protesters to stop at is that is his word, just stop. and like, just like stops. everyone starts, the crowd. yeah, that's okay. it really, it was really far-fetched. but like, his he's on a whole nother level right now. then he goes up to Ali and he actually, like, just mocks her to her face. still, he continues to just have a nice day. have a nice day. yeah. he just cannot be touched right now. you want to be somebody, you want to matter, and you make the world wrong. finally, we have one last question. mine happens to be, again, why Ally that? why break up the marriage this way? so much money is being spent on all these things are going through. and at this point, IV has to be a part of this cult in some way. the password for the computer has clowns, apparently. come on. IVs gotta be on it, or she is. the dumbest character in seven seasons of American Horror Story. yeah, I totally agree. my question is, where's the damn neighborhood watch? there are chemical trucks going down your neighborhood. there are bloody smiley faces on numerous houses. who's watching out for these these people? like, why aren't other people getting pissed off and coming outside and and and telling us more about this neighborhood? it might be because it's all in Ali's head. Yeah, right. or the whole town, like it's hot buzz, is in on this, and Ali is basically screwed. yep. we'll see you next week, guys. I like to start by asking people what their goals are, world domination. the search for the man's head continues. at this hour, the world is about to change. to live is to suffer. can I help you? how'd it feel? fantastic. 