Welcome back to another episode of Cinema Summary. Today we'll be taking a look at the most perfect person that ever did exist: Mary Poppins a British nanny with a super and natural skillset. Here we are In Edwardian London, 1910, where we meet, Bert, who performs as a one-man band and does other oddjobs; when he senses "a change in the wind." Afterwards, he directly addresses the audience, and gives them a tour of Cherry Tree Lane, stopping outside the Banks family\xe2\x80\x99s home. George Banks, The Man of the House, returns home to learn from Winifred that Katie Nanna has decided to quit after Jane and Michael ran away again. They are returned shortly after by Constable Jones, who reveals the children were chasing a lost kite. The children ask him to help build a better kite, but he brushes them off. Taking it upon himself to hire a new nanny, Mr. Banks advertises for a \xe2\x80\x9cstern, no-nonsense nanny\xe2\x80\x9d or... think "baby sitter" for us Americans. Instead, Jane and Michael present their own advertisement for a \xe2\x80\x9ckinder, sweeter nanny\xe2\x80\x9d. Mr. Banks rips up the letter, and throws the scraps in the fireplace, and places his own advertisement in the papers but the remains of the Jane &amp; Michael\xe2\x80\x99s advert magically float up, and out into the air. Mr. Banks's ad works Look at all o these elderly, sour-faced nannies waiting outside. They are suddenly blown away by a strong gust of wind, and Jane and Michael witness a young nanny floating from the sky using her umbrella. Huh. Introducing herself to Mr. Banks, Mary Poppins calmly produces the children's restored advertisement, and agrees with its requests, but promises the astonished banker she will be firm with his children. As Mr Banks tries to figure out how she got the advert, Mary Poppins hires herself, and convinces him it was originally his idea. After all, Mary is practically perfect in every way. She meets the children, then helps them tidy their nursery through song; and magic we can\xe2\x80\x99t forget about that can we? Before they all head out for a walk in the park. Outside, they meet Bert, working as a screever, a sidewalk artist; Mary Poppins uses her magic to transport the group into one of the drawings. While the children ride on a carousel or merry-go-round as you might know it, Mary Poppins and Bert go on a leisurely stroll with a musical number, and are served tea by a quartet of penguin waiters and look at that their dressed in little suits how cute. Mary Poppins enchants the carousel horses, and jockeys in a race horse, which she wins after all, I told you she was perfect While being asked to describe her victory, Mary Poppins announces the nonsense word "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious". However, the trip is ruined when a thunderstorm demolishes Bert's drawings, returning the group to London. On another day, the four meet Uncle Albert, who has floated up into the air due to his uncontrollable laughter because magical realism I guess; they join him for a tea party on the ceiling, telling jokes. "Yesterday, I met a man with a wooden leg named Smith." "What\xe2\x80\x99s the name of his other leg?" *Narrator laughs uproariously with little regard to noise complaints* But, Mr. Banks finds the family\xe2\x80\x99s cheery atmosphere quite upsetting, and threatens to fire Mary Poppins. Instead, Mary Poppins turns the tables and convinces him to take the children to the bank for a day. Mr. Banks takes Jane and Michael to the bank, where they meet Mr. Dawes Sr. and his son, Mr. Dawes. Mr. Dawes aggressively attempts to have Michael invest his tuppence in the bank, snatching it from him Ah, the \xe2\x80\x9cAnti-Swiss Maneuver\xe2\x80\x9d. Michael demands it back, causing other customers to misinterpret the incident, and all demand their own money back, causing a bank run. Speaking of running, Jane and Michael run away from the bank, getting lost in the East End until they run into Bert, now working as a chimney sweep, who takes them back home. The trio, with Mary Poppins, go out onto the rooftops using a magical smoke staircase, where they have a song-and-dance number with other chimney sweeps *Narrator proceeds to sing a good song, badly* *This continues* When, Mr. Banks returns home, he receives a phone call from his employers, and speaks with Bert, who tells him he should spend more time with his children before they grow up. Jane and Michael give their father Michael's tuppence in the hope to make amends. Mr. Banks walks thoughtfully through London as he makes his way to the Bank Where he is given a humiliating cashiering, an embarrassing firing, and is dismissed. Looking to the tuppence for words, he blurts out "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!", tells one of Uncle Albert's jokes, the Wooden Leg one, and happily heads home with a song in his heart Dawes Sr. mulls over the joke, and he floats up laughing in the air as he gets the punchline. The next day, the wind changes, meaning Mary Poppins must leave. A happier Mr. Banks is found at home, having fixed his children's kite, and with his family they go out to fly the kite. In the park, the Banks' meet Mr. Dawes Jr, who reveals his father died laughing from the joke, and re-employs Mr. Banks as a junior partner Well does that mean he accidentally killed the guy? With her work done, Mary Poppins flies away, with Bert bidding her one last goodbye, telling her to not to stay away too long. Thank you so much for watching ladies and gentlemen, if you enjoyed it leave please leave a like down below and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to subscribe to get the latest updates on our latest uploads. Until next time, I got to go fly a kite. 