welcome to the man of recaps. this is the Bachelorette week 9, its hometowns weekend. we're down to just four guys left, which means I can almost stop watching this dumb but hilarious show. first up is pilot Peter, who's from California. and for their date, he shows that he can indeed fly a plane. they go on an awesome plane ride. his family, he's really nice and funny, probably the best family of the bunch. Peter seems to be head over heels for Hannah, so his mom's concerned that if Hannah doesn't choose him, he's gonna have his heart broken. Peters told us a few times that he's in love, but he hasn't told Hannah yet. he's waiting for that perfect moment. next up is Tyler of Jupiter, Florida. Tyler takes her on a sweet boat ride. a good move for him cuz he gets to show off his abs. he's got a nice family to his dad, if you remember, right before he came on The Bachelorette, I had some sort of illness. he seems pretty well recovered, except something with his vocal cords. so he's got this deep raspy voice, which just makes him sound really wise. you can't plan to fall in love, yeah, just hit you right between the eyes, you know. now we're going to Georgia for Luke P instead of an awesome ride on a planer boat, he takes her to his church group and they pray. everyone here loves Luke. they all say he's just the nicest, humblest guy, which is, you know, basically the opposite of everything we've seen. at the end of the night, Luke says, I love you. and Hannah's totally in. he went from week one front runner to maybe going home every single week. I think he's a front-runner again. and last ups, the guy who's been the low-key frontrunner since the beginning, Jed, the singer. he takes her to the recording studio and he's to write a song together. it's not his best work. he's got a big family that seems nice, except they're all very skeptical of Anna. I've told your son that I'm falling in love with him. and I'm like, do you say that? I'm very protective over Jed, him potentially falling in love with you. I'm like, I'm not sure that it's a good thing they keep bringing up the concern that he's not ready to get married. he's just starting off on his music career. so by the end of the night, Hanna's not sure about Jed anymore. so at the rose ceremony, Hanna's got an arrow the four guys down to just three. it's a difficult choice. the only obvious one to get rid of his Luke P, but Hanna still seems to really like him. luckily for her, the rules of the game can change as much as they need for added surprise and drama, so she's allowed to keep all four guys going into next week. the previews for next week show some of the epic drama they've been teasing all season. big stuff is going down in the fantasy suites. so tune in next week for more man of recaps. [Music]. 