[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this video, we're going to zip through the 5th Friday 13th movie. let's get to it. we opened back on a young Tommy Jarvis walking through the woods in the rain, returning, as most serial killers do, to the site of his kill. he arrives at Jason's grave at the same time as some thrill-seeking teens, who proceeded to dig up the body and take a peek while hollering, you know, guy stuff. it doesn't take long for them to get machetes, and then Jason stops and stares at Tommy for a piece. before current day, Tommy wakes up from his nightmare. he's in the back of a transport vehicle on his way to a halfway house for nut bags. when we get there, we learned that Tommy doesn't want to go, as demonstrated by his pouty face here. Pam comes out and gently coaxes him out to meet with dr. Matthew. he gets a quick rundown of how things work around here. and then is shown in his room. while taking a look around, he promptly pisses his pants, but then gets revenge on his tiny tormentor. he and Reggie, only there for funsies since his grandfather works at the house, are beginning to find common ground. with a siren approaches in the distance, indicating trouble a-brewin the sheriff is out to do a check, having found a couple of the crazies in Miss Hubbard's woods. there then graced by the Hubbard's themselves, demonstrating their extreme distaste for the inhabitants of the house, while failing to recognize their own status as garbage human beings. later that day, everyone's outside enjoying the sunny day and doing stuff, choppin laundry chocolate. Joey's buzzing about, trying to be helpful, but only managing to demonstrate why being a sticky mess isn't conducive to being a productive member of society. rebuffed by everyone, he breaks the one rule they all must live by, don't piss off Vic. the consequences demonstrate the importance of following this rule. if that wasn't traumatic enough, the coroner's take it a step further by whipping back the sheets and revealing the carnage, while also insulting to bystanders. that night a couple of greasers find themselves broken down the side of the road. Pete insists Vinnie get the car working, but feels it's taking too long. unable to wait, he goes off to take a dump in the woods, which seems extreme and ill-advised considering the fact that they're on their way to a double date. Wow. gone. Vinnie takes a road flare to the mouth. when he gets back, Pete creates some type of experimental, a melodic song while trying to start the car. come on, everybody sing, starting. Jason proves himself the cynic when he gives his critique. we then cut to a very sweaty Tommy. how'd you work up that sweat there, buddy? he has some screaming going on inside his mind, so he takes some pills to calm the brain. Thunder downstairs, during breakfast, Reggie is disappointed to find that he may not be allowed to see his brother, who's in town visiting. and Gramps appears to take joy in his anguish. they experience some subtle drama as violet accidentally sets a place for their dead homey. we then have some more overt drama as Tommy is asked to go get Eddie. and we get even more of this [ __ ], but finally with a reasonable, measured response as Tommy demonstrates his capacity for violence. meanwhile, the police have found the greasers. no Roy, no one's talking to you. cut to another murder scene as Billy rolls up in his 68 Charger, likely the only reason Lauda is excited to see him. and they get ready for their date. she by putting on lipstick and changing clothes. he by snorting some lines and getting a trim. that's a bit too close. friend Lana, then suffers a similar fate, taking an axe to the gut, in a familiar pattern, we switched back to Tommy, who is constantly haunted by the memory of Jason. and a brief scene at the sheriff's office, we see that, contrary to the normal flow, the sheriff actually suspects Jason, but it's not believed by the mayor, since Jason is supposed to be dead. in our next scene, at the halfway house, Eddie convinces Tina to once again goes screw in the woods, which goes well by all accounts. when Eddie goes to wash up in the river, Tina lays out to stare up at the beautiful sky, only to have the view ruined by a pair of hedging shears. when Eddie returns, he makes the ages old mistake of backing up against a tree and gets his face strapped. that night, we come to find that Pam is going to take Reggie to meet his brother demon. Tommy is asked to go along so he can get out and socialize. the brothers bond over enchiladas and objectifying their female accompaniment. the party is shut down when jr. rolls up on his dirt bike and messes with Tommy, resulting in him getting put down hard. then Tommy runs off. this works out fine as demon is getting hit hard by the enchiladas, which turns into crooning as the two lovebirds hit each other up with them. ooh. baby's butt ends with a slit throat and impalements with the cast is still somewhat bloated. we have to run through a few kills. Pam finds Matt and Gramps are gone, so she leaves to find them. we clean up the country. hillbilly plotline when jr. gets decapitated and miss Hubbard gets boiled. back at the house. Jake gets cleaved. robin gets run through. and then violent, distracted by the intensity with which she practices her craft of mining robots, gets her fluffy pillow stomach stabbed. Reggie wakes up and finds the gang hanging out in bed, which he shows to Pam. they run off into the woods, pursued by Jason. they split up, and Pam manages to find Matt and grants. she also continues running and then flapping her way toward a barn, where Reggie emerges and mows down Jason with some farm equipment. when Jason wakes up, they run off to the barn. when he arrives, Pam pops out with a chainsaw and manages to draw first blood, but then runs out of fuel. luckily, Tommy shows up, ready for a showdown and to inflict some of that ultraviolence on Jason. unluckily, he mostly just stands there and gets stabbed, although he does manage to plant his buck knife into Jason's thigh. the battle continues in the loft with some of that classic back-and-forth that ultimately results in Jason falling out of the barn and onto some farm equipment, which knocks off his hockey mask and peels back a prosthetic mask, revealing he was all Roy this whole time, Hugh's silly Joker. at hospital, we find out that Joey was Roy's son, resulting in him cracking and going nuts on the inhabitants of the halfway house and some other folks for unknown reasons. and then we get another dream sequence indicating the Jason torch has been passed on to Tommy Jarvis, a plotline that will last all the way to the end of these credits. and that was Friday, the 13th season of the witch that had terrible entry overall, despite its drastic departure from the format. I hope you enjoyed the video, and thanks for watching. [Music]. 