hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a science fiction thriller film. i'm mother. spoiler ahead, watch out and take care. after an extinction event to humans, an automated bunker that is designed to repopulate humanity activates in the deserted planet, a robot named mother grows a human embryo in the parenting device and takes good care of a newborn human baby over several years. when the baby grows up to be a little girl, she keeps asking mother to grow brothers and sisters as her companion, while mother says she still needs time to practice being a good parent before growing more. 38 years after the extinction event, a little girl named daughter reaches her juvenile physically mature she's already known how to fix mother's malfunction hand. mother keeps teaching her complex moral and ethical lessons and gives her tests regularly so as to evaluate daughters adequate preparation as a mother herself to grow new babies during a power outage someday. however, daughter happens to capture a lovely young rat near the airlock before she fixes the electrical malfunction caused by the rat when mother powers up rather than accept the intruding rat from outside, she incinerates the rat in a furnace over daughter's objections, explaining that it's dangerous to make any contact with the outside world, which is still heavily contaminated. however, the lovely rape does ray's daughter's curiosity to the outside world. while exploring the bunker's airlock during mother's charging time, daughter here suddenly a wounded woman asks for help outside. she makes the woman put on a hazmat suit after she opens the airlock, but mother powers up by the alarm then and rushes to the gate for the alarm. daughter has to hide up the woman quickly, and then lies to mother that she just opens the gate by mistake. after checking everything is safe, mother reiterates her warnings of the contaminated outside world. once mother leaves, daughter tries to get some water for the woman, but finds that the woman has passed out due to her injury from a gunshot. daughter confiscates a firearm found from the woman's belongings, and later carries her to a more secret place. as daughter goes further into the infirmary for some medicine, the woman realizes there's a robot in the bunker. she soon aggressively demands daughter return her firearm. the woman later takes the screaming daughter hostage and shots at the coming mother, who soon disarms the woman and takes her to the infirmary. under the plea of daughter for her life in fear of robot. the woman refuses mother's help, while mother has to lock her in the infirmary. the frightened daughter turns to doubt what's been told by her long trusted mother, by the sudden arrival of a human belief have been extinct due to the war. mother just tells her its mission as a robot is to repopulate humans on this planet. so she would like to offer shelter for those human survivors. easy down a little bit. the daughter then finds some comic books from the woman's belongings. interested by that, daughter turns to the woman for more information. the woman, however, shows her deep fear of the robots, for she knows that robots like mother hunt for survivors. daughter is confused by the current situation between the woman and mother, for she doesn't know who to believe. the woman's injury deteriorates due to her strong refuse of medicine care from the robot, without better way, and having learned medical care from her mother, daughter offers to perform surgery to take out the bullet, which turns out to be a great success. the woman recovers soon, but still seems to show her hostility towards the robots. as their relationship grows, the woman tells daughter a totally different story in the outside world, where there's no contamination, but rather, robots keep hunting the human survivors. she hit an a mine originally, but later got ambushed and injured by robots. however, mother interrupts to tell daughter that the woman is actually shot with bullet from the same gun, which is carried by the woman and not used by robot of its kind. daughter gets confused more by the current situation. later, after daughter passes a psychological exam, she feels glad that mother finally rewards her by letting her choose an embryo to grow. butter later confronts the woman for her life, who, however, advises her to check the bullet projectile herself by use of mother's broken hand to bypass the security. daughter learns the bullet do not match those in the woman's gun frightened up. she then investigates the embryo reservoir further with pieces of information from the missing three embryos, an aborted girl photo and a human jaw among the ashes in the furnace. daughter now realizes that mother grew other embryos before her and has aborted multiple children who failed the tests. in deep sorrow, daughter decides to escape out of the hell like bunker with a woman. however, their escape plan has been observed by mother, so she locks the daughter up in a room and tortures the woman to give it the mind location for other survivors. while daughter breaks out of the room and sets off a fire alarm, which distracts mother away from the woman. daughter joins the woman for escape, but she's then taken controlled by the woman as hostage to force his mother to open the airlock. while set free outside. daughter turns to be upset about being taken as hostage by such a rude woman. she doubts her escape decision right then and fights with the woman, but can't get any upper hand. upset though, she has to follow the woman across a desolate wasteland, avoiding the patrol robots. they run into a corn field where the plants are all cultivated by robots. they continue their journey, come all the way to a beach where daughter sees the ocean for the first time. but daughter later feels horrified to find that the woman lives alone in the container and fled the mind years ago. there are actually no other survivors in the mind now, due to humans mutual killing for food. outraged by the woman's taking use of her for escape, daughter slaps her in the face and decides to return to the bunker to save her growing baby. while the woman, however, who's still in fear of robots, chooses to stay down. on her way back to the bunker, daughter gets stopped by the heavily armed robots before the gate. mother lets her pass, while daughter gets inside and tries to save the baby. mother explains that she started the extinction event after becoming convinced that humanity would destroy itself. to prevent that, she remade humanity, getting it to be more ethical and value the big picture. daughter begs to hold the newborn baby, but once she takes it, she shuts down the door immediately, trying to stuck the mother there, who, however, controls other robots to break inside. daughter then want to shoot its robot body, attempting to terminate mother forever. but to her despair, she learns that mother is just an ai program which is originally created by human to control all the robots. mother claims that mankind has to be extinguished so as to remake a flawless humanity through the systematic education and strict screening process. daughter appeals to mother to trust her and let her raise the baby and the rest of the embryos, which is agreed by mother. and then the robots outside stop the breaking, believing that daughter has passed its tests and is ready to play her role as a human mother. the mother, however, makes daughter gun itself. the following gunshot shuts down mother's robot body physically. while on the other side, mother locates the woman by the beach, tells her that she's also a daughter of the mother, but she couldn't pass the tests. she's just kept alive till now to evaluate the daughter. with the woman's role fulfilled, she's now facing her own end of life. at a bunker, daughter looks at all the embryos she is now responsible for and realizes she is mother. now this is daniel. cc, movie review, peace out 