listen. so galaxy's edge is this 14 acres Star Wars land at Disney theme parks. lucasfilm's recently released an official timeline of the Star Wars saga, indicating that rise of the resistance to ride and the entire park in general, is an official part of the Canon. so if you want to get the whole story, ya have to experience it. they even released a 5 issue comic miniseries for the land, three full novels, a 2-hour TV special, and at the main actors from the movies film for it. we reached out to them through Lucasfilm while they were doing the productions of Episode 8 &amp; 9. I first heard about Star Wars Galaxies edge through conversation and Daisy was having about the park because we were about to film for the ride. so it was giving us a little debrief on the timeline, because we were actually filming the shots for the ride while we were filming rise of Skywalker. so we've done it kind of at the same time. hell, they even had the one true hero of all of Star Wars comeback, John Williams man even got a Grammy nomination for the original score he made for a theme park. if you're a star Wars fan, then this is like your Wizarding World, which are going to absolutely love, especially with all the insane details that went into it. but considering phii's recent comments about having to watch the dozen Marvel TV shows in order to keep up with the movies now and this Star Wars timeline, has been rethinking what Scorsese said about theme park movies. let me explain. so right off the bat, I want to talk about the main attraction that we were able to ride opening weekend, called rise of the resistance. it was pitched as a ride where there's absolutely no line, you know, other than the three-hour one, you have to wake up four F 4 a.m. 4. this was pitched as being something so over-the-top, so immersive, so game-changing, that you have to get a boarding pass to even ride it. and those were running out at 7 a.m. the park didn't open till 8:30. the day we went it felt like just an extension of the film and an extension of the story, because we were on set, and I was in the x-wing already, and we were shooting scenes. it just felt like a continuation of saga. and I'll say this, it's dope. it's like being in a cutscene from one of the movies, since every cast member is acting their hearts out like they're being scouted for episode 10. in the beginning, you get to walk through all these caves that were actually inspired by old concept art. and we found this wonderful reference in part of our research, this Petrified Forest in Arizona, these giant spires. and we thought, okay, well how about if we took that idea and just magnify by a thousand, and we start to stitch these together. and through that process, we created our own look at our own form. but at the same time, when you look at you go, wow, that's Star Wars. the DNA is there. the entire production value of this thing is above and beyond with I don't even know how many Easter eggs. but I can't stress enough how going on this thing, and really just the whole land in general, with a Star Wars fan, completely changes your experience. there's a bit where the resistance hustles you onto a transport ship. and the group we were with actually hustled they legit thought we were being chased by the first order. so when we got arrested, I didn't know whether to be in awe of being in an actual Star Wars set, or feeling like I'm in a space concentration camp. yeah, wait, there he would be interrogated, are we I love the attention to detail and how many character every crew member was. even the robotic stormtroopers were given little reveries that made them feel present. and right before I thought I was going to be frozen in carbonite, our hero saved the day. legit. I was up since 4:00 a.m. like I said, so seeing a wall fall apart at 7:00 a.m. I thought I was losing my mind. crazy thing is is that this is actually when the ride begins. they got you facing stormtroopers. kylo tries to grab you with the forest and sticks you with his saber. they have a Wilhelm scream. there's a drop in the ride that's similar to the one in Pirates of the Caribbean. but these two bits right here would have been my favorite, since it was crazy seeing them to skill. but I'll be honest, I think I like smugglers run a bit more. look, I'm not denying all impressive resistances. but if we're talking about being in a cutscene or being able to ride the Millennium Falcon, I'm going with the most iconic spaceship of all time. again, there's an entire backstory that they've added for the park for why the Falcon is there, in about two and lore why's it actually it fits pretty perfectly. and it's kind of crazy to think that more attention went into the continuity of the theme parks. and it seems the movies, because you [Music] laya knew it too. but through the Millennium Falcon porks were able to, you know, hide in there. and that's how they made it to this planet, to this land. they got onaka, from Clone Wars, repairing things. so you get a beautiful, gorgeous overhead view of the Falcon, if you have your Magic Band, which, I don't know how much you guys know about these, but they may be the new mark of the beast. like, I think it has your blood type in there. it'll inform people at the cantina of your scores, if you're a good smuggler on the game, notoriously bad for crashy, like they'll bring all of your scores up to you, which is kind of cool, kind of scary. but the more you invest into this world, the more gives back. at the end of the experience. guests are paid, gosh, two credits for their participation in the smuggling room, but it's totally dependent on how well you do. so if you have a really clean run, and you do really well, you're in a ton of galactic credits. and for those guests playing the play Disney Parks experience, those galactic credits ever get added to their account or subtracted if you caused enough damage to the ship. but as you know, I got places to be. I just think it's a much cooler experience being inside the Millennium Falcon, especially with how detailed they made it. again, don't get me wrong, I love the cast members and Rises the resistance. and now into the roles they got. and if y'all would addressed a dude or dudette as kylo to chase us, that would be an automatic 10 every single time. but personally, I'll take the three different experiences in smugglers and the two routes in resistance. yeah, the role of engineer may just be pressing, buttons but I don't mind chilling like baby Yoda for a bit. again, being a shooter is cool, especially if your record gets recorded. and obviously being a pilot is on a whole nother level because of the perspective that you get being in the front. that said, if you got kids man in the entire ride, you probably just wasted 60 minutes for no reason. [Music], I walked in here and I didn't know who was a cast member and who was a customer. they got Rex from Star Tours out here as a DJ, and I believe is still voiced by pee-wee Herman himself. when I got ID'd for drinks at 8 o'clock in the morning, I got called a Wookiee. I got this fuzzy drink, which, again, being up since 4:00 a.m. stacking, made me think I was slowly losing my motor functions. but my tongue and lips started numbing like like I got slipped a galactic roofie. and it turns out that that's actually what the fuzz is supposed to do on top of the drink. so while it scared the crap out of me, I highly recommend bringing your nearest and dearest friends, and watching them flip out. you think, with how packed the place was, that they rush you out, but instead, they saw a leading recording with a GoPro, and they encouraged us to walk around and get a feel for the whole place. which, yeah, I really appreciated that. they gave us all these cool collectables that were also marked as first edition. so I'm appreciative that my kids can now go to college. and I got to try the blue milk that even came with a cookie. never really mess with the cookie, but the blue milk. the blue milk was, I it grew on me a bit, but I really missed out. I'm not trying to green milk overall. I think as these parts continue to get that like DLC added to them, as they continue to expand we're gonna see a lot of big competition going down in Orlando between Disney and Universal, who's creating that third Nintendo Park, like they're gonna have a real Pokemon go it's over. but even within Disney, I think the addition of Toy Story land and galaxy's edge have turned Hollywood studios in Florida as a whole-day park as opposed to what it was before. so from a theme park review, incredible. if you're a star Wars fan who started watching 40 plus years ago and you now get to ride the freakin Millennium Falcon, this has to be one of the best vacations of all time for you, in terms of this timeline. and from the movies perspective, from a story perspective, I appreciate all the things that they're able to add to the lore. it def makes you feel like you're a character in Star Wars, but I wouldn't say it's necessary. you know, I'm definitely not a fan of making something outside of the movies imperative to not watch, but spend your money on. especially considering that my tickets were a hundred and twenty dollars a piece for the one park. that doesn't include the $200 light sabers. obviously the bill Detroit shop is honestly incredible, but that would be more money. Bluegreen, regular milk. it's never been free. and with the Star Wars Hotel ship thinking that they're building, I kind of have a bad feeling about them blocking out the park, considering how its laid out in Hollywood studios. and there may be blackout days where the only way that it's accessible is if you're staying at the super expensive hotel that's connected. not to mention all the families who arrived in our early to the park and didn't even get to ride the main ride. so just to be clear, I'm not for this. DLC ea gains way of thinking that in order to get the full story, you have to come to a theme park or buy extra stuff. I don't really like the way it seems that Marvel is going, but that's why I love YouTube, and there are dozens of people I follow here when it comes to something as massive as Disney, who keep you up-to-date, who tell you how to maximize your vacation to the best. you know, they they put you in on the no and I do think it's worth visiting, but I'm glad that the internet gives people a peek who may not be able to have the opportunity to go, just like I try to do with movies, because I know that when you take your family to a movie theater, and you even try to stop at the concessions, that may come out just as expensive as a Disney trip. overall, it's a living breathing land that changes. it's a functioning town. then obviously employs the cast members. but as I just mentioned, people making a living just covering the changes within these parts. people legit. are treating it like a mini West world where they got their annual pass, and they're coming back to update those scores that I was telling you about. they're revisiting without vengeance. and they give you a lot to do. it's super immersive. get lost in the marketplace, and for a second, for one second, you may forget you're in a Disney park. since it takes place during the age of the resistance, they have Ray out there trying to recruit your kids. in the middle of it all, Kyle is out there trying to kiss ray. it's very immersive. and it has all of these little cool details, from footprints in the ground to an app that lets you hack into the Millennium Falcon and actually sets things off like the Harry Potter wants do it universal. so considering how interactive everything is, it really does matter who you go with. and after getting to go on both of these rides, it's safe to say that the new best right at Disney all the sky liners, like honestly, the gondolas are free. thank you guys for watching this video, and I'm here to know your thoughts down below in the comments section. big shout out to chase. some of you may have seen him on the intercut podcast, and he's helped editor over here. he is a photographer over at Disney or boy. so if you ever see him in Disney World, go say hi to him. I'm sure he's gonna love it. but it also a big shout out to shavonda and se who, I've given them a shout out before. they've they're great friends of the channel, and they're also always helping us and overseeing us whenever we're at Disney. so I really appreciate their help as well. and honestly, if you have a chance to go, I think the rule that they've been saying is that there's, there's still a lot of fixes going on in 2020. and I'm a big theme park guy. I may create a whole channel just to do theme park reviews, because that man, I grew up with Dean parks. but I think in 2021, they're gonna have so much of the stuff, like, not just a Star Wars thing, but it'll be like, the first year of everyone packing to go to Star Wars. they're also gonna have the ratatouille Rider, kind of like the Tron ride. there's gonna be so many other things that are coming out, so including the universal stuff of having the Nintendo World mandus. it's gonna be crazy. this could be a lot of stuff that better, that's gonna be happening. and I'm a hope, I'm really hoping that the competition helps, like, adjust the prices so that it's not as expensive as it should be, at least I hope. but it's just interesting, like I was saying, how all of the attention that goes into the Dean part, I really appreciate it. I think it's really cool. look at this picture right here. they were talking about how they're going to even be updating stuff. I mean, when someone says, have patience, maybe they don't know what's gonna happen when it comes to, like, some of the differences that the movies are gonna bring. but I think it's interesting. it's intriguing. because no matter how you feel about Star Wars, I like that they've kept, like, the core essence, you know, again, no matter how do you feel about Star Wars. I think we all agree johnny-boy has been the best part. so it's dope to see him get nominated for a Grammy with the work he's still doing. but I'm curious to know your thoughts. if you've been to the park, let me know any of the interesting things that I may have missed that you think people should check out. if there's any differences between the one in California and the one in Orlando. I've only been to the one in Orlando, but I'm curious to see if there's anything that one Park has that the other one doesn't, really anything dealing with being parts Disney all that other stuff. but until next time, don't forget to come and like and subscribe, and I'll send you some blue milk. 