hello everyone. welcome to movie geek. today we're gonna talk about a supernatural horror movie titled the wretched. watch out for some spoilers ahead. film opened 35 years ago. a girl named megan arrives at the home of the gambles, a family she is babysitting for. she got no answer at the door. she finds no sign of anyone inside, as well as the phone off the hook. she calls her mom, informing her that she's babysitting tonight. she then hears a noise coming from the basement and goes downstairs to investigate. she finds a family photo with the father's eyes scratched out. venturing deeper, there's some distinct chewing noises. hurt. to her horror, she sees a grotesque creature as devouring the little girl she was supposed to look after. she turns to face her covered in blood and snarls. megan runs to the stairs and finds mr gamble at the top, who shuts the door. as megan is killed, a peculiar symbol is shown carved on the door. present day, a young man named ben having a nightmare of being drowned. and a shocked awake on a bus. an older woman compliments him on the penmanship on his cast band. written on it, he's going to stay with his father, liam for the summer, residing in a small lakefront town, as his parents are in the process of a divorce. at dinner, liam wants to know how he broke his arm, but ben isn't willing to discuss it. he also has a present for his son, a rusty old bike. the next morning, ben notices they have some new neighbors who liam doesn't know. later, liam sets ben up with a brief job working at the marina, which already proves difficult when he informs a snobby, rich kid named gage who looking a grill to use on a boat is not allowed. he then meets another employee named mallory. and across the way, he sees liam with another woman working. their name sarah. it puts him back into a sour mood. meanwhile, their neighbor, abby and her son, dylan, are venturing off trail the woods. dylan thinks they're lost, but abby's confident she knows exactly where they are. when dylan gets separated from abby, he comes across a tree with the same symbol seen at the gamble house. he then hears an echoing voice that resembles abby's voice coming from the tree trunk, calling him sweetly to come closer. and then, from the dark hollow, a gnarled white hand reaches out, before growing more aggressive, abby pops up to get dylan, and the mysterious tree itself just seems to disappear. they return home with quite a surprise for ty and baby sam, with a buck carcass that they hit and are bringing home for dinner. abby tries to skin and get the creature, but she messes up and just causes its guts to spill out all over the truck. they then just leave it there. at night, ben doing his best to play guitar with his broken arm, and decides to go over and spy on the neighbors. ben seeing them get busy doing something in the window, but they are interrupted by their baby crying. sometime later at the truck, something crawls out of the buck's carcass. we see that the rich has transported herself inside the box body. ben is awoken later by some odd noises that sound like footsteps on the floorboards above it, and grabs a flashlight to look around outside he finds a raccoon under the neighbor's porch. the wretch then appears behind him in a skull mask. and just about to see a tie, flips the floodlights on, obscuring his vision and misses the creature. then telling ty that he thought he saw an animal under the porch. the next day, ben rushing around to work on time and see dylan is fiddling with the hole, and ben warns him to stay away. on the way to work, ben tells his dad that he saw sarah. liam says that ben should meet her, then, deciding to do it tonight. later at work, he meets mallory's younger sister lily, telling them that mallory may have a crush on him. meanwhile, abby is with sam near the porch where something appears to have broken in. as she leaves, the flowers around her quickly decay. ben befriends dylan at the marina. he makes a deal with dylan, free access to the popsicle supply, so long as dylan promises to let him know if anything strange happens. at his house after work, liam prepares for the dinner and sends ben to the store to get some gluten-free dinner rolls to accommodate sarah's dietary needs. but mallory shows up in inviting ben to a party, and he joins her instead. at the party, he and mallory hide a way to play a little truth game. mallory asks how he broke his arm. he divulges that he fell out of a neighbor's second floor window while trying to escape capture after having snuck in to steal vicodin. the moment is set for a romantic kiss, but he gets drunk and throws up before he can kiss her. he is then approached by another girl who invites him into the pool. he can't go in too deep because he has a cast on his arm. but the girl pulls ben's underwear off and tricks him into being there as orchestrated by gage. unfortunately, it also destroys his butt in relationship with mallory. meanwhile, at abby's home, dylan hears a strange noise, and it's loud enough to wake the baby. abby goes to check on sam, but everything seems all right. she gets back in bed and checks the baby monitor, but she doesn't notice a black figure at the edge of the crib. on the camera footage, a frightened dylan comes in complaining of odd sounds, and joins them in bed. abby checks the monitor again, she sees the angle has changed. she then goes to see the baby, and she pulls the blanket away, revealing that the baby's gone, but has been replaced with a bundle of twigs. blood oozing from under the crib starts forming at her feet. a pair of hands grab and pull her under the crib, and followed by some munching noises. ben comes home while he is still drunk. he sees her walking off into the woods and baby in her hand. but suddenly, liam comes out, irritated that he's been missing all night, and tries to force him to apologize for what he did. ben argues with liam and refers to sarah as a that he's sleeping with. then turns awkward when we find that she's actually still there. the next day, ty wakes up and finds his wife not in bed. while downstairs, dylan is eating and watching tv. abby has returned from the woods, standing behind dylan motionless. then tie heads into work after suggested his wife shower. shortly after, abby had finished bathing as ty suggested. dylan comes into the room looking for his mom, but he finding abby naked, and she starts to move in a very unnatural way, sending dylan fleeing in terror. at the marina, when ben's seeing mallory, he gives a wave, but she averts her attention and walks on without looking back. after work, liam is working late, so ben gets a ride home from sarah. he apologizes for what he said about her, and she agrees to give him a second chance. when he gets home, he finds dylan hiding upstairs because abby is freaking him out. when abby comes to collect him, ben denies that he is there, until ty shows up, and dylan goes running to him. abby's staring daggers at ben before they leave. liam is still working, and he's startled by mallory, who finds an unexpected apology in her backpack from ben. meanwhile, ben is spying on his neighbors and watching them through binoculars. mallory calls, thanking him for his apology. but his priorities are still watching his neighbors prepare for sexy time and seeing strange sores on her back have spread. the next morning malory kicks ben awake. he realizes that he was supposed to give dylan a sailing lesson, but mallory says he never showed up. when ben goes to his house to ask, ty denies even having a son and not remembering dylan. since ben is pretty sure he has kids, and abby nearby, looming behind a corner. this makes him awfully suspicious. then flips over the doormat, exposing the same rash symbol underneath. as he takes a picture and does an image search, which leads him down an internet rabbit hole about a body hopping, which from folklore, who feeds on children. she makes family members forget the other members and then eats them later. he tries to convince mallory of the danger, then putting a salt berry around the house for protection. then abby comes out of the cellar carrying a garbage bag. mallory has to get back to work and leave a note under abby's door. ben looks up to the second floor abby, they're staring intently at him. mallory's note almost drives tie to the cellar, but then abby whispers something demonic and ties you that makes him bleed. and instantly his face goes blank. at night, malory doesn't notice that she's followed by abby. the door squeaking open, but doesn't see anything. in one photo of her family is now missing. meanwhile, ben digs through the garbage can. he finds a smashed picture frame with sam's picture in it and other evidence of her existence. the next morning, abby gets a shower, and she sees her skin and body are starting to decay and rot. she then goes to visit ben before he can complete his salt circle, and gives him back the note. ben does some more digging now that he is more suspicious. when he gets a chance, he goes into their cellar and finds a picture of the family with ty's face scratched out, along with a picture of maul and her sister lily, making him realize that the witch is after lily. next ben calls maul to warn her about this, but she doesn't seem to remember lily. ben rushes to go save lily, but he is too late, as the witch has gotten her and has pulled her into her tree. ben calls the police, but finds them at his place after learning that he broke into ty and abby's cellar as well as him skipping work and fighting with gage after he dumped rotten fish in his dad's boat. when he chatted with sarah in the kitchen, he notices flowers decaying, and he realizes she is possessed by the witch. when she tries to attack, he slashes her arm, but the witch makes it look like ben just attacked sarah for no reason in front of liam. ben is taken into custody, but he pleads with liam to check the neighbor's house for clues as to what he's talking about. the officer escorting ben stops near the beach and attempts to drown ben, until a dog comes to attack the officer. he shoots the dog and then himself, after realizing he was being possessed to try and kill ben. meanwhile, liam goes to tai and abby's cellar and finds their dead bodies in the place, as well as what looks like a shrine made by the witch. sarah then comes up to stab liam in the back. before she can continue attacking, ben arrives and shoots her. the witch crawls out of sarah's corpse and goes after ben, but he gets liam to safety as their house burns down. suddenly, this causes ben to remember that he has a little brother, nathan. since the witch made him forget him too. ben gets mallory, and they go to the tree to rescue their siblings. ben drops lighter fluid around the tree while maul pours salt around it. he crawls inside and tries looking for the witch, and he finds her feeding on dylan's corpse. ben manages to find nathan and pushes him back outside, but he runs back to find lily. he fights off the witch and gets lily out. the witch tries to go after the kids, but liam arrives and rams his car into her. not long after, ben is getting ready to go home with nathan and their mother. they are dropping liam off at his brother's place to heal up. ben and maul share a kiss goodbye, and she puts a flower in his hair before she goes to give some kids a sailing lesson. as ben gets in the car, he notices the flower is fake. it then becomes clear that the witch is alive, because they forgot to burn the tree, and is now possessing maul, who is left alone with three children. subscribe to watch more videos like this turn on the notification and leave a like, has really helped the channel out. 