hi. so, you know, that pulls pretty much a character who was created to troll everything out there, including its own audience. I mean, the first one was practically a rom-com. this one's a family film, and he's pretty much getting to that point where Deadpool wants to have his cake, eat it, and then magically have another one up here. let me explain. so we all know that one of the biggest things, one of the things we've all been hyping up the most when it deals with superheroes recently, is if they're gonna die. Logan hit you with that greatest show man where they decided to kill a character who's been around for like two decades. infinity war dusts it off half its roster, and a snap. yeah, it's Superman dying in one movie. and then, you know, cavil, like, put on Instagram that he was working on his mustache right after I said, I understand why they had that casket thumping, considering that in justice league, they revived him. anyways, the Deadpool sequel starts off right away with Wade telling you that he wants to kill himself, and he does, but then, like, he doesn't because time travel. that's kind of been an issue with these movies recently. you know, Fox already did that with Days of Future past, where they wanted to restart things, and then they kind of, they kind of messed things up right away. now they got to do that again. a lot of people think that that's what Avengers for is going to be. and the problem with that is that it kind of does the complete opposite of what Logan was able to do. and it's often is the impact. Deadpool sacrificed himself in order for that kid to not become evil, but then he does get revived. that's just lazy writing. big thing in the movie is that cable uses up his last time travel token on weight, and so he's stuck there. he can't go back to his family. that's his sacrifice. but then these girls, who I even know use the internet for anything other than tumblr, figure out how to assemble a time-travel machine. that's just lazy writing. bigger thing in the movie is the impact that Vanessa's death has on him, right? cuz that's the whole reason that he's on this journey. but then he swaps that out too, because in the end, he's able to save her. what time travel. and he could choose to save certain people. I think there's even a deleted scene that didn't make it in the movie because I thought it was a little too much, where Deadpool actually goes back in time to kill baby Hitler. but they didn't want that to be the last thing people saw in the movie. I bring all of this up because I hope that Deadpool doesn't fall into the same tropes that it's trying to make fun of, getting the x-men to appear, but then like doing the same thing that those Fox movies are doing, bringing up brown panther and black Black Widow, only to kind of do the same story beats that you make fun of them for doing. even the Brad Pitt joke where he's the Cameo of the Vanisher, which, interestingly enough, Ryan Reynolds all he had to do was ask Brad Pitt he was in it. and ironically, Brad Pitt stunt men for these two movies, ended up becoming the director for this one, and he's not directing him. he just makes me wonder if the star power that Deadpool is always making fun of, right with Wolverine, will also be a problem, as Ryan Reynolds fully embodies this character he even kills off his old incarnations in the post credits scenes. you know, Reynold himself even kills himself signing on to Green Lantern before the post credits scenes. but if I were to give my explanation as to what Deadpool's ending means for the rest of the franchise, where they're gonna take Deadpool from here, they're gonna 22 Jump streeted. each movie is pretty much going to be a whiteboard where none of the previous events that we saw are really going to matter, cuz time travel and fourth wall breaking, they're not really gonna have consequences. since, according to Vanessa, they still need you. he will not die, and obviously neither will she, since she's come back. I think every sequel is going to be a different genre. they're going to amp the Medicus and see how far they can get away with it. and I wouldn't be surprised, as studio start meshing together, that'd be a Deadpool four or five, we're gonna end up with a Deadpool documentary talking about its own franchise and all the other movies from his point of view. ain't that a thesis right there? thank you guys for checking out this video. let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section, what you think of that ending. is the madness working for you? I know some people liked it in the first one. they don't really like in the second one. they think that, you know, it is true, just because you say something is corny and you make a corny joke, it doesn't stop the joke from being corny. so I'm wondering at what point the madness will run out, that this is a theory that I do have, and how they're gonna play with genre is how it's founded a bit more in another video. but let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. 