earlier today, voigt said he was going to see captain to do what needs to be done. in your suv, you're asking, if i killed kelton, we made bail. sergeant boyd posted it this morning. let's go. wilson young, the same one? yeah, it's the same one kelton had killed so he could win the election. it also happens to be monroe's cousin. my boy, my uber. i usually don't pick up two-star passengers. but yeah, if you're all telling the truth and that gun was used to kill the mayor, then dude, pull the trigger where his blue why wouldn't you just say what you were doing? because if i said what i was doing, antonio will lose his job. jaylon, my son, i didn't kill toby. just tell me why you did it. covered [ __ ] on his deal. when he threw you under the bus for that serial killer thing, i imagine he offered you some kind of arrangement. that's you and your friend's car, two blocks from the crime scene. five minutes after the murder man put the gun down. there's an order to do what she needed to do. the way i do business concerns you then get the hell out career's over. i gotta find a new job. all i know is being the police sarge. that's who i am. it's like all i got. then we fight it. two armed defenders coming your way. long-term investigations, my commanders. marty belmont, legit. what's your real name? vanessa. vanessa rose. yeah, we're good. there you go. he says, dismissing the charges, insufficient evidence. we're going to be working together. what are you talking about? you're in i'm in that. so jay went to slow we find her. we find jay. marcus didn't kill those two kids. what? i'm a cop. i arrested him. you deserve to die. angela nelson, she was married to marcus west, the addict who got killed at county. jay still blames himself for that. hell you doing in chicago, trey? whoopsie got shot to death, and you got caught on surveillance camera leaving his warehouse with a gun in your hand. i didn't shoot him. do you want to come with me? did you make a decision or something? yes, i'm having the baby. feeling like i was asleep for a year. brother, chris, cause she's my girl. bro, for hell away from christy and keep your damn mouth shut. jordan, where you at? i need you to call me back. bro, there is. it's time to start working for the police. i get it. i'm a snitch. i got something good. girl, the new ci dairy transplant. that's definitely our baby. we're not meant to be together, but we're meant to be family. use him, even though he might have just off to ci. keep him in play fable. he was my guy. i put him out there. sure is, that is the cost of the game. but you're the one who has to carry this is officer burgess. i answered your call two days ago. i told you to hang on. i've been looking for you. all right. still right here, driving while being black, you got to do what you think is right. keep in mind, you're a cop. i've done research on this, cop doyle. it's got a track record. this isn't about you anymore. this is about the future of chicago. you backed me. i appreciate that. bro. well, i didn't come down here to shake hands and make up go down for that murder. but i will get your badge one way or the other. oh, but you gotta be kidding me. that's tom doyle. sure apparently area cells got doyle working undercover with tony reid's crew, doors patrol. he got promoted to detective. the thing that happened last year with me and you, i just want to apologize. that is a brother in a known gang zone carrying a bag, walking into a stash house. stop. i asked you a question. i repeat when officer is down, i'm right here with you. i just need you to fight though. i need you to fight. okay. they rest in peace. only silver lining is he went out a hero. his name will be memorialized on the wall. you come over to my house the day after my husband got shot for no damn reason, and you want me to help you. yeah. doyle was dead because of doing. he did it to himself. there was no probable cause. doyle saw a black man walking down the street and started profiling that kid was third generation police. he's got more uncles and cousins on the force anybody i ever heard of. and you're going after his reputation. on the way to the bar door, notice the male black walking down the street. steer in the back, bro. we got you back, no matter what it means a lot. sorry if you're coming for me to come off. okay? look at me and you oh, that's what it is. so that's what it is. i got the right one. y'all know exactly where i'm at. i'm right here. 