[Music], hey, what's going on guys? today i'll show you a dark fantasy film, pan's labyrinth. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. the story is set in the second world war of spain. the 10 years old ophelia lost her father due to the war. she travels with her pregnant, but sickly mother to a military base where they're going to reunite with the captain, the unborn baby's father, who is ophelia's new stepfather. on their way there, philia happens to find a stone eye and places it back to a stone face where it's supposed to be. the captain is in command of a fascist army fighting against those republican rebels hidden in the woods. he takes good care of the pregnant wife born with his child, but turns to ignore ophelia. a giant stick insect, which ophelia believes to be a fairy, leads ophelia into an ancient stone labyrinth, but she's stopped by the housekeeper before she steps further inside. that night, after a health check on the mother, the military doctor speaks to the housekeepers secretly. it's revealed that they both secretly support the rebels. with intelligence and supplies stolen from the army. while on the other side, the soldiers happened to detain a father and his son who were suspicious of the rebels. without further interrogation, the captain shoots them dead immediately, but later finds that they're just the local farmers. in the middle of the night, the stick insect transforms into a ferry and leads ophelia through the labyrinth again, where she encounters the goat man, the god of woods, who believes ophelia is actually the reincarnated princess of the underworld kingdom. the princes sneaked into the human world by accident and made mortal by the sunlight before she finally died in the human world with all her memory erased, with reincarnated lives, though she has to suffer and die of illness over and over again as a mortal human being. but the king of the underworld kingdom believes that one day his daughter would find her way back. the goat man tries to prove further to ophelia her identity as a princess, and shows her the only way to go back to the underworld and acquire immortality is to complete three tasks described in a book he gives her when back home. ophelia checks the book, which then shows her the first task, retrieving a key from the belly of a giant toad. under the guidance, ophelia comes under a huge tree with a giant toad living inside. after ophelia puts the magic stones into its mouth, the toad spits out the key with sticky pastes. at a dinner, the captain swears to make big progress in fighting the rebels as a present to his newborn son. during their search for the rebels in the woods, the captain finds some medicines left behind by the rebels, which raises his suspicion. as the first task is completed, goat man shows up again, tells ophelia the next step to complete the second one, that is retrieving a dagger from the pale man, a child eating monster. the goatman then gives her a magic chalk and warns her not to touch anything there. moments later, ophelia checks the book for any guidance, but only to find some bloody pages, which hints that her mother's condition is worsening. she's so scared and can't find anybody to help her task is delayed, this time due to the accident. because of that, the goat man shows up to urge her, before instructing her the way to save her mother by keeping a rude spirit under the mother's bed in a bowl of milk. ophelia follows the way she's been told. the root spirit comes alive unbelievably that way. presumably because of that, her mother seems to be relieved from her illness. accompanied by the fairy guides. ophelia comes to the labyrinth and scratches the wall with the magic chalk. she then opens the gate to a golden world full of her favorite foods and shining jewelry, while the horrible noah pale man just stays still there, instructed by the fairies to open the middle closet, though ophelia insists on opening the left one. but luckily, she gets the dagger. moments later, despite the warnings from the fairies, she can't help but take two grapes from the table, hence awakening the pale man from his deep sleep. with his two-pound eyes in place. the pale man devours the two fairies immediately and begins to chase after ophelia, who experiences a narrow escape out of the devil place before it's too late. infuriated much by ophelia's disobedience, the goat man refuses to deliver her. the third task on the other side, the captain happens to find the mystery route hidden under the bed, which she considers delusional. the mother turns to blame ophelia for her obsession with the fairy tales and throws the root into the fire. the rebels later launch an attack somewhere outside the military base, trying to mislead the army. it turns out the captain and his army bite the bait. they search out for the rebels before figuring out the trick. soon by the time he returns to the base, only to find that the rebels break in and take away all the supplies. the captain bursts into anger and chases after the insurgents in the rain. they search aggressively and kill many rebels, but keep one alive for interrogation. the doctor takes the mere chance to give the poor man euthanasia, hoping to end his sufferings from the torture, based on the same medicines used by the doctor as those found in the rebels. the captain realizes that the doctor is a rebel collaborator. he then shoots him dead. the mother immediately develops painful contractions. one night, she dies, unfortunately, giving birth to a baby. at her funeral, the captain, however, seems to care only about the newborn baby, rather than his late wife. on the following day, suspicious of the housekeeper, the captain comes to check the key to the warehouse. with her identity exposed, the housekeeper tries to run away with ophelia, but to no avail. the housekeeper is then taken away for torture. however, she takes the mere chance to free herself and stab injured the captain. she then flees into the woods, and, under cover of the rebels, gets rid of searching soldiers. the goat man shows up before the desperate ophelia. he changes his mind and gives her one last chance to complete the third task, taking her baby brother to the labyrinth. ophelia later manages to drug down the captain, takes the baby out secretly and comes all the way to the center of the labyrinth. the goatman suggests she draw a small amount of the baby's innocent blood, which is the key to complete the third task, and the key to the underworld kingdom as well. but ophelia refuses to harm her innocent brother as in exchange for her return to the kingdom, a promising world. meanwhile, the captain recovers to consciousness. he then follows the route up to the labyrinth, where, to his surprise, he finds she's talking to something he can't see. he takes the baby back from her arms before shooting her without any hesitation. the captain, however, gets surrounded by the coming rebels. knowing that he'll be killed, the captain hands the baby to the rebels before facing the end of his life. the housekeeper enters the labyrinth and finds the dying ophelia, whose blood drops down to the center of the staircase. ophelia, well-dressed and uninjured, suddenly appears in a golden throne room, where she's told she's past the final test as she chooses to spill her own blood rather than that of an innocent back to the real world. ophelia smiles as she dies peacefully in the housekeeper's arms. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 