what is up? youtube. it's your girl evelyn, and i am back with the season 4, episode 8 recap of wynonna herb. so sit back, enjoy the video. and as always, there will be spoilers, so proceed with caution. episode 8 begins in the best way possible, with a naked winona. after a night of passion with eamonn, winona wakes up surrounded by glory hole employees who are decorating the club for halloween. wynonna wraps a curtain around herself because i guess her clothes just evaporated. she makes a little, after sex, small talk with eamonn, then leaves. we get a glimpse of some kind of evil wheel of fortune thingy. so i'm guessing eamonn's up to some shenanigans in this episode. elsewhere in purgatory, two bbd agents are patrolling a field. that's right, black badge is back. well, not these two. they get killed by a bulletproof scarecrow. back at the homestead, waverly is saying goodbye to daddy, uh, i mean nicole, who's on her way to the city with rachel to buy a wedding dress. so i guess rachel didn't get killed by billy last episode. that's good. our boy jeremy is also back. and it seems wynonna hasn't been killing enough demons for bbd's liking. so it's up to jeremy to get her back on track, starting with that pesky killer scarecrow. the gang meets up at the sheriff station, and jeremy provides some intel about rotten jack, who's a halloween demon of sorts. every year during halloween, he, uh, kills people. black badge wants rotten jack alive for whatever reason. so jeremy gives wynonna a three-hour deadline, along with some vague instructions about an extractor. back at the glory hole, we learned that eamon's evil wheel of fortune is actually an evil betting wheel of fortune. he's taking bets on who rotten jack will kill next, and he's also live streaming it, because this is 2021. but eamon has a problem. he needs more booze, and getting booze is doc's job. but just like winona, doc's also been slacking lately. and when aemon confronts him, he quits somewhere along the edge of the ghost river triangle, the herb girls are on the hunt for an extractor, and stumble upon an rv that belongs to our boy, casey. you guys remember casey, wynonna's demon cellmate in the chili cook-off episode? turns out casey is also the extractor somehow. but casey is not about that black badge life, so he puts on a gas mask and makes a run for it. wynonna and waverly follow him into a dense fog, but when they come out of the fog, their memories have been erased. casey tells them they're just a little bit high and sends them home. back at the homestead, things get a little wacky, and mistaken identity hijinks ensue. eventually all the good guys and the bad guys realize wynonna and waverly have lost the plot. and everything comes to a head at eamon's rotten jack twitch party. eamon tries to auction off the earp girls to the highest demon, bitter, because he's evil. thankfully, the good guys show up just in time. jeremy shoots wynonna and waverly with a bbd serum that restores their memory, and they take down rotten jack with casey's help. because apparently only the extractor can reach inside rotten jack's head and pull out a candle. yep, a candle. jeremy then explains what the heck has been going on for this entire episode. turns out, when the gang returned from the garden, they brought the memory stealing fog along with them. and, like fogs are prone to do, this, one settled around the edges of the ghost river triangle. and if you hang out in it for too long, you not only lose your memory, but you also tear your face off with your bare hands. just ask robin and his new face. robin is now a bbd accountant with no memory of his life before. and jeremy decided not to tell him because, well, i'm not really sure. also, the mind wiping, slash, face ripping off fog is spreading. back at the homestead, waverly and wynonna are chilling outside, bonding over their terrible childhood, when daddy returns home dressed in her uniform. so i guess nicole is the sheriff again. [Music]. and last but not least, doc captures eamonn and gives him over to a bunch of demons to do whatever they want to him. that is it for the recap. i hope you enjoyed the video, and i'll see you in the next one. [Music]. you 