hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2011 fantasy adventure film, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part 2, the 8th Harry Potter film. so let's get started. the spoiler does require, in part that you've seen the previous film. if you need to see a spoiler for it, check out the link in the cards below. after burying Dobby, the trio decide, with the help of the goblin Griphook, to break into Bellatrix Lestrange is evolved in Gringotts Bank, suspecting that another Horcrux is there. Griphook agrees to help them in exchange for the Sword of Gryffindor wand. maker Ollivander explains to Harry that their wands that they took belonged to Bellatrix and Draco Malfoy, but because Harry disarmed Malfoy, the wand has now changed as so legions. once inside the vault, they find the Horcrux is hufflepuff's cup. they retrieve it, and Griphook takes the sword. and the vault security is activated, sending off alarms. the trio are able to escape on the back of an imprisoned dragon. Voldemort finds out about the theft and kills many at the bank. now aware that Harry is pursuing the Horcruxes, Harry realizes that there must be another Horcrux related to Ravenclaw at Hogwarts. they are then able to sneak back into Hogwarts with the help of Dumbledore's brother Aberforth. and they meet neville longbottom, who has gathered a small army of students to fight against the Death Eaters that have taken over the school. Snape, the new headmaster, begins to threaten anyone who is trying to help Harry, but Harry reveals himself with the help of students, teachers and the members of the order of the Phoenix, and they all begin about Harry talks to the ghost of Helena Ravenclaw reveals that her mother's diadem was used as a Horcrux and it is located in the Room of Requirement. Hermione travels with Ron into the Chamber of Secrets and recover a basque alas Fang to destroy hufflepuff's cup, and afterwards, they share a kiss in the Room of Requirement. draco and other Slytherin students attack. Harry Ron and Hermione intervene. one student casts a powerful fiend fire spell and is burned to death. Harry saves Draco and destroys the diadem by using a Pascal as Fang and throwing it into the fire. as Voldemort's army attacks, Harry discovers that the final Horcrux is his pet snake, Nagini. they then witness Voldemort talking to Snape, telling Snape that the reason the Elder Wand hasn't been working properly for him is because Snape is the one who the wand shows allegiance to. so Voldemort has Nagini kill Snape before Snape dies. however, he gives his memories to Harry. during all the fighting at the school, Fred Weasley, Lupin and Tonks have all been killed. Harry takes Snape's memory and uses a pensive to learn more about how James Potter bullied Snape and how Snape loved Lily Potter. after their deaths, Snape vowed to Dumbledore to do whatever it took to protect Harry. and that the dobut Ronis that aided him in the previous film to find the sword was sent by Snape. Harry also learns that he himself is actually the eighth Horcrux and must die to make Fulda more vulnerable, a secret that Dumbledore never revealed to Harry. Harry then decides to surrender himself to Voldemort in the Forbidden Forest were Hold'em or cast the killing curse on him. Harry enters into limbo where he is met by the spirit of Dumbledore, who explains that Voldemort destroyed the part of his soul that was with and Harry. Harry returns back to his body being carried by Hagrid, seemingly dead. Voldemort announces that he has killed Harry and demands that everyone surrender. Harry then reveals that he is actually alive, and some of the Death Eaters, including the Malfoy's, flee. Harry and Voldemort battle through the castle, and nephal decapitate snow guinea using the Sword of Gryffindor. now that the final Horcrux has been destroyed, Voldemort is now vulnerable. Molly Weasley kills Bellatrix Lestrange. Harry eventually is able to rebound Voldemort's killing curse, obliterating him. after the battle, Harry explains that the reason Voldemort couldn't defeat Harry, even though he had the Elder Wand, is because the Elder Wand didn't actually belong to him. a Snape wasn't the one disarmed Dumbledore. Draco was the one who disarmed Dumbledore, making the Elder Wand Draco's. but then Harry disarmed Draco, making the Elder Wand Harry's. Harry decides, though, to destroy the elderly. the film transitions to nineteen years later, where we see Ron and Hermione long to school along with the children of Harry and Ginny. so that was the spoilers for Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts in the various terms are served from media listed below. and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 