welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition and if scary stories to tell in the dark is keeping you up tonight, then why not watch one more YouTube video that covers the film and the creatures that inhabit it? throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the monsters and scary stories to tell in the dark, including their appearance in the movie and their callbacks to the source material. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't seen the movie yet, or don't want any more nightmares, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into my breakdown of all the monsters and scary stories to tell in the dark. ok. so first of his Harold, who has pretty much become the face of the marketing for the movie. whilst the character looks extremely close to his characterization in the original source material, is actually a lot that differs in the on-screen depiction. in the literature, Harold was created by two cow farmers named thomas and alfred, who named him after a boy that they hated. and they pretty much used him as a punching bag. one day Harold came to life, and he decided to torment the to farmers, who managed to escape from him with their cows. however, when they realized that they'd forgotten their milking stools, thomas was forced to return to the bomb after drawing the short straw. alfred waits and waits and waits for him, but when he does not return, he goes looking for him, only to see Harold on the roof of their house holding Thomas's corpse. in the film adaptation, Harold plays a big part and is the first creature that comes to life, attacking Tommy in a field and stabbing him with a pitchfork. from here, Tommy transforms into a scarecrow himself, who will potentially go through the same torment that was laid upon Harold when he himself was strung up. Harold will definitely stick with you long after you leave the theater. and the character himself went through numerous designs during the pre-production process of the film, including having him with his original belly, which was removed because the filmmakers thought it made him look friendly. he also had a burlap sack placed over his face. however, this was changed to the Halloween mask that we now see in the final cut. either way, Harold is a really haunting sight to behold, and will probably make most people think twice about crossing paths with the Scarecrow. up next is the big toe, which is one of my favorite parts of the film. this actually sticks quite close to the source material, which centered around a boy yanking on a big toe in his garden and pulling out of the ground. little did he know that he'd pulled the toe off the body that was attached to it, and its owner begins to stalk him. the boy and his family all eat the toe, which is sliced up into three pieces and, similar to the film, put into a stew. that night, when he's asleep, the toes owner comes looking for him in his room and eats him, which happens to the character of Oggy, who, in the film, is dragged out from under his bed and then disappears, never to be seen again. it's a horrifying moment that lets you know there's nowhere to hide if you find your name in a scary story. from here we go to the pale lady. the pale lady is an infamous Spectre that has appeared in ghost stories over the centuries. so it makes sense that she would also be part of the scary story saga. the pale lady made her debut in the scary story titled the dream, in which she liked the woman with the big toe, stalks her prey menacingly. in this source material, she tries to warn the character lexi morgan to flee, which is a warning that she heeds. but the sheer vision of the creature sticks in her head long after she comes into contact with it. I think the scariest thing about the pale lady is the fact that she is almost statuesque for the most part, but there's no real escape from her. the facial expressions don't display much, and she almost comes across completely oblivious to the sheer terror that she's causing. it's difficult to make such a slow-moving creature for your threatening, but I think the creative team masterfully translate this to the film. and throughout it's difficult to tell whether what's happening on screen is real or simply a dream. in the film, the creature absorbs Chuck and takes him with her, probably to a land of nightmare and shadow. hopefully, the next time we see the pale lady is in our screens and not our nightmares. as she definitely leaves a lasting impression for all those who've witnessed her. and finally is the jangly man, an original creature that was created solely for the film. what's so brilliant about him is that he perfectly fits the aesthetic of the movie and feels like a completely natural addition to the work. the jangly man is able to build himself from body parts, and this disjointedness to his appearance makes him seem almost alien. the jangly man appears this way because he's put in place a torment Ramon who lost his brother in the Vietnam War. and the severed limbs that he displays really hit home for the character when he makes his way to the movie. when discussing this design, del Toro said that the jangly man was originally meant to have more limbs attached to him to represent the body parts returning from the war. but this would have added more workload and the special effects, which the creators wanted to keep his practical as possible. it makes for an amazing effect. and in the end, the jangly man perfectly tops up the film with an awesome entrance that will send shivers down your spine. and that's all of the creatures from scary stories to tell in the dark. let me know which one is your favorite, or rather, least favorite, in the comments section below. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of the movie and where I think the story will go in the sequels, which would be linked at the end. if you want to come talk to me about films, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me on twitter at definition YT. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. also, just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of John wick 3 on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on scary stories to tell in the dark in the comments section below. the winner will be chosen at random on September the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then. whoever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. you. 