before beginning, let me start by asking, imagine if everyone was named after day personality traits. do you know how many people are known named enjoy those styles of our movie today? ah, papa, clumsy, hefty, brainy, grouchy, greedy and sloppy and Smurfette and GOG Amell played. our story begins with, oh, it's a book which explains the situation, which we all know to be true. stepmothers do be boys. Mira, Mira, tall and shiny. I need you to smooch my honey, but she ain't getting a smooth today on that flat he's like, it's the one with the lip liner draw way out around her mouth because she ain't got the money for the lip injections in the stepmonster just blurt out, yeah, Shh. where's the way I heard it. anyway, what? okay, we'll talk about the clogs in a minute. I'm talking about the fact that she's all scrub-a-dub-dub with my doves. now, imma just dump this dirty water back on this. it's a good thing she got loose, because this bit cannot clean. I guess she got something loose. but to me, she look like she had one too many nose jobs, like they just kept tripping away - until she looked like Baltimore System, just two slits in the middle of your face where you'll nose all to be. if I seen your wish into this well-knit echoes, it'll come true. I wish I flew in to be booted. ain't crazy. okay, that's my wish. now, hers this. it wasn't that woke in the thirties. why you gotta be interrupting somebody's wish like that? nobody invited you or y'all spandex tights? well, you got some free time. WWE finally decided to take a corona break. is your WWE pseudonym, mister Ansel. and what they left out here is the clogs going. [Music]. and you could tell everybody, this is your song. he really do sing like that. you know, maybe she's gonna fall some better clothes if she spent less on cosmetics. but the queen don't like to sound a joy in the moaning. so the Queen's like, here's the plan. take her out on a lovely day, because I'm sick like them. and when she's at her happiest, take out her heart and put it in this box, like her name David Jones. then the next day, oh, hell. I guess I might have to be that. so imma do it. how about George? yeah, I can't do it. and she's like, don't be sad. none over my chest. it's only one. I can be used to clean the toilet, things, like your stepmother do ba. ba. this runs off. oh god, I ain't never seen nature. and then she stopped screaming. this keeps screaming. well, you have just seen as a 1930s version of a panic attack. that's exactly what happened when I had my first panic attack. Angra trees harassing my then adorable little woodland creatures coming out of the forest to comfort me. Oh, favorite. that was just the injection of valium the ER nurse gave me a - and then she asked the little woodland creatures, what do you do when things go wrong? and they just sitting there thinking, don't go wrong here, because there's no people. this is start singing until the bird explodes. and she dines on the eggs for mid-morning brunch today, in this movie, is disgusting and sick. and then she keeps singing and it's just like, hooked me. I put a house. it ain't gotta be mine. oh, yours. how come none of these animals ever got booty holes? and why is he stepping in seven day doodles I got? well, okay, mama got one doll. he'd like a fur covered :. jumping on duty. ever 15 minutes. are you telling me they ain't turned nowhere for her to step in? and is yourself, being a woman, I told y'all Disney wasn't woke it? well, you know, she's just gonna get a bucket of dirty water splashed around them. he's sad that she thinks this place is grimy and grubby because it's inhabited by seven children. did she start ordering around the woodland creatures and telling them to clean, but ain't even got thumbs? [ __ ]. oh yeah. when I do the dishes, I'll let Mama's naked dog lick the plates. and where is that dust going? oh, everywhere. but, as you know, this movie ain't called snow white in the seven thirty children. and then they have to meet the new lady, saying, hi, ho. this is so wrong. oh, man, I hate it when I'm trying to creep through the house in my damn shoes. fatin, did I feed you beans? you know how sometimes you got a messiness, British y'all messiness, and it's comfortable, and then somebody come in and come by cleaning, and then you feel like you living in somebody else's house. used to be sitting there trying to have a nice mess. and that's why I never get married. and it's not stretching. and then she starts scared. just by everybody did. she wakes up. and guess it's all their names, Thorin, dwell and balan, Dori, nori, Ori, Mambo Kili fili, Owen, glowing and before and boffin, they can off it off, but they like it'll be good to have a lay around the house doing lady things like cleaning and cooking and washing the coal. lot of our dirty diamond mining draws the coal. quote, unquote. you know, they got dirty underwear because they are right now. and men, they ain't bathed in a week, proving the theory that grown men are basically children. don't at me. this woman been here five minutes already trying to make me wash the coal off my dirty ex fine--but I do want to eat. didn't they all do what the princess wants? and grouchy Smurf is like, I see y'all doing what the woman say. like a bunch up this. next thing you know, you'll be shaving your damn legs, calling it manscaping. don't drop the dope. so be back over here. Hill House, the Queen finds out Snow White is still alive, so she goes to make some special mixed drink that requires mummy dust, and who the hell be saving old hags cackles around the house, oof. blunt the knives and bender Fox, smashed up bottles, burn the cooks. that's what Bilbo Baggins hates. it. so carefully, carefully with the plates. and if you don't know that song, you ain't seen a gos the Original Gangster, original Hobbit. and there's a long sleeve skill. we're kind of evil. which are you? the damn dwarfs been singing and snoring for four hours and you ain't cooked up your drug Apple yet. but the antidote for her evil Apple sleep is, wouldn't you know it, love whatever you say, Joe. she maniacal laughs for two minutes straight. so the next day, off they go, because they just want to get that gold back from that dragon. hope they know about that weak spot in his Chitty. later that same day, the woman who wanted to be the prettiest, but found out she's only the second prettiest, so she made herself two ugliest shows up and is like, okay, still, you munch on this Apple. are you gonna get some of that nice mr. Ashe and why's that maniacal laughing up here? no tension. just keep thinking about that ass and all the woodland creatures gather the Minutemen. but back at the crib Snow White done got herself a shot of valium in her own it. then the Minutemen chaste. old bit of a cliff and [Laughter]. [Music], again, breathe. [Music]. [Laughter]. [Music]. then they all crying, even grumpy. what would you have been crying if she was ugly? I think not. this is so sad. let the little animals in. they done been in your house and let your plates and the print shows up at the funeral because you can't keep good spandex down. don't worry, uglies, the hands, someone has come what it ain't polite to kiss a dead lady. and she stretched out that rigor mortis, and she's all, yes, take me away from his hair and dirty capital em idiots. yes. she's leaving us usual leave the people have been taking care of you. who knows how long to get a piece of that, mr. ass this is so disappointing. I thought I knew you better. snow. so did the doors get invited to the wedding of delicious? you know howi'm cake. Daniel, be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular shot. Maxim myth thank you so much to these patrons who contribute ten dollars or more to keep the jokes coming. Mario star, kidding. DC, and Maria's Chris. Oh, Gabriella, see. Dan W, whiskey. Michelle W, Kelly. ale Michelle C, kanay. maria t, fat cats, silver gray do Donna B, raspberries and Davis C, and that's just the half of you. I'll get the next happy on the next video. love you. muffins for movies. explain fall. I'm Jim. it's a die. I mean, a died. 