welcome to cinema recaps. today we'll take a look at 2018 sci-fi action film called ready player one enjoy. columbus, ohio, 2045. we open in a place called the stacks. as it is made up of a number of trailers structured on top of one another. wade watts is an orphan who lives with his aunt alice and her abusive boyfriend rick. like the rest of the world, wade escapes his reality by entering the oasis, ontologically anthropocentric, sensory immersive simulation, a virtual reality world where people can enter zaviters to play video games, entertain themselves and seek pleasures they can't find so easily in the real world. one can come across characters like batman, freddy krueger and even hello kitty. it becomes so intense due to the fact that whatever is earned in the oasis can be taken away if the avatar dies. avatar is partial, and he frequently interacts with edge, a huge muscular mechanic, as well as the samurai dido and fighter show, although he has never met either of them in person. the oasis was created by james halliday and ogden morrow, who both founded gregarious games before developing the oasis. halliday passed away five years earlier, but not before leaving fans with the ultimate challenge. in his final video, halliday informed everyone that he has hidden an easter egg deep within the game that will be unlocked after three challenges have been completed. the one who finds the egg will inherit holiday stock in gregarious games, which is roughly half a trillion dollars, and total control over the oasis. the winners will be greeted by holidays avatar, anorak and all-knowing wizard. wade explains that people have been trying for years to find the egg. they're called egg hunters or gunters, but to no avail. a company called ioi, innovative online industries, has rounded up a number of players with debts to pay, called sixers, to head in and find the egg in their loyalty centers to pay off debts. the first challenge was unlocked long ago, which is a race into central park. weight enters is parseval and uses the delorean as his car. the sixers all arrive as a team. the race begins, and edge mows down a lot of sixers. wade races ahead, of the pack, until the track is attacked by king kong. wade almost makes it to the finish line, until he realizes nobody can make it across without kong destroying them. he spots well-known player art 3 miss, about to make it across, but he stops her just as kong catches her motorcycle and destroys it. edge invites wade and a rt3 missed to his garage so that he can fix the motorcycle he is currently building an iron giant. edge is also able to detect that wade likes a rt3 missed due to her reputation in the game, as well as her avatar being attractive. after edge fixes the motorcycle, art 3 miss leaves, and wade must leave. when he hears his aunt calling, wade returns to his home, where rick tries to attack him over a matter in the game. since wade took alice's gloves for the game, rick had also apparently spent much of their personal money in the game. alice threatens to kick weight out if he touches her stuff again. at ioi, ceo, nolan sorrento is planning to create some kind of bug in the game. that would span the players lenses with pop-ups and force them to pay to remove them. sorrento is also desperate to find the egg and secure the massive fortune. back in the oasis, wade visits the holiday journals, which is a recollection of holiday's memories. wade speaks to the robot host, the curator, who guides way to a much-viewed memory. it is after a launch party where halliday and morrow are discussing their futures in the industry, with moro choosing to leave gregarious games. wade listens to a quote from holiday about going backwards, which wade realizes is a clue to beating the first challenge. wade returns to the race, but as everyone goes ahead, he moves backwards and rides through an underground tunnel that allows him to completely avoid kong. he is able to cross the finish line and make it to central park, where he is greeted by anorak who presents him with the copper key, as well as a clue to the next challenge. parzival becomes the highest scoring player in the game, and it gets sorrento's attention. sorrento enters the oasis. using his avatar, he meets with a bounty hunter called ir0k and hires him to find out who parsival is. ir0k presents sorrento with a powerful item called the orb of ossibox. wade goes shopping in the oasis and gets a few items, including a special suit that allows him to feel what goes on in the game as parzival. he becomes something of a celebrity. he helps ar t3 miss and edge finish the race challenge, and they are followed by dido and show the next clue involves a creator who hates his own creation, and the leap not taken. wade later joins a rt3 miss in returning to the holiday journals, using a disguise to make him look like clark kent. they are taken by the curator to revisit a memory of holidays, where they learn that sorrento started out as his intern. halliday and mauro are talking about a date that holiday went on with someone named kira, which is just her game handle, as her real name is karen underwood, the woman who would later become moro's wife. wade and art3 misbelieve that she split holiday and moro's partnership. wait also notes that none of halliday's other memories have any mention of kira, and even makes a bet with the curator to prove it. after seeing that this is the only memory mentioning kira or karen underwood, the curator gives way to quarter as a reward. a rt3 miss then invites wade to join her at a club. wade goes to the club called the distracted globe to meet with art 3 miss. they dance together, and wade finds himself falling for her. he suggests that they tell each other their real names, even though that's not recommended in the oasis. after wade tells a rt3 miss his name, he is overheard by ir 0k, who reports this information to sorrento. moments later, a team of sixers break into the club to attack wade and art three miss. he uses a semicolous cube to turn time back to a minute earlier, allowing them to escape. however, art 3 misses angry at wade for nearly getting them in trouble. as her father died after being forced to work in a loyalty center under ioi sorrento sends a message to wade to offer him 50 million dollars if he joins ioi and helps find the egg. as he is being projected into sorrento's office in ioi, wade notices the password to sorrento's regritten on it, wait outright, refuses to join sorrento, at which point he reveals he knows who wade is and where he lives. sorrento uses his assistant, nail sander, to send drones to the stacks. wade rushes to warn alice and tries to call her, but rick answers after stealing his suit and tells him not to call again. the drones then destroy the stack with wade's trailer in it, killing alice and rick and sending the tower tumbling down. wade runs to his oasis trailer to warn his friends, but he is taken captive by a man with a face tattoo. wade wakes up and comes face to face with samantha, who is the person behind a rt3 miss she and a few others have gathered a small rebellion in an area not far from the stacks and ioi. wade in samantha talk and almost kiss, until samantha realizes this is what the clue to the next challenge is. the leap not taken refers to halliday's regret of not kissing kira when he had the chance on the one day they went on. wade and samantha gather etch dido and shows they realized the next challenge is a movie, which is where holiday took kira on their date. they figure out that the movie they saw is the shining, in reference to a creator who hates his own creation. since stephen king hated the movie version of his book, the curator brings them to a virtual simulation of the overlook hotel. since cech has never seen the shining, he ends up encountering the twins, opening the elevator of blood and running into the creepy woman in the bathtub before having to outrun jack torrance and his axe. meanwhile, samantha is able to find kira dancing with sami's she makes her way over to kira, winning the challenge and being presented with the jade key. thus, a rt3 miss becomes the highest score in oasis. and sorrento discovers wade is alive when he sees the parzival is now the second highest scorer. the sixers themselves have less luck in getting through the shining nail uses a drone to detect the tattoo face guy and find the rebellion's hideout. samantha is taken, while wade gets out with the help of edge dido and show whom he discovers our woman named helen, and brothers to shiro and shoto. they get away in natchez van and head to rescue samantha and stop sorrento. as the final challenge. is in castle anorak on planet doom. sorrento activates to orb of ossebach to create a force field around the castle to prevent other avatars from trying to get in. he has samantha thrown into a loyalty center to work. betch manages to hack into sorrento's rig so that way indito can intimidate him and make him think they have made it into ioi by projecting the office into his view. wait helps samantha free herself from her chamber so that she can get out and make it to the war room where sixers are trying to beat the next challenge, which they figure is part of a collection of atari games, sends a message to all oasis players to tell them of what ioi is doing and asks that they join him on planet doom to fight back. an army of thousands of avatars arrive to join the battle. edge activates the iron giant to bring into the fight characters like harley quinn, a halo team and even the ninja turtles arrive as well. they attack the force field, and sorrento uses mechagodzilla to attack. dido returns in the form of a gundam mecca to fight. they even use chucky, the killer doll against the sixers. the iron giant, the gundam and art-3 miss all joined forces to take down sorrento and mechagodzilla. to allow wade to proceed, he must sacrifice a rt3 miss in order for samantha to be undetected by sorrento. wade finds a sixer who is playing adventure, which is the game that contains the final key. the sixer comes closer to winning until he falls beneath the ice. before wade can make his attempt, sorrento returns and fights him. as a last resort, sorrento takes out a cataclys bomb to wipe out every avatar within range, including ir0k and himself. however, the quarter that the curator gave weight turns out to be an extra life token, allowing wade to stay inside the oasis. everyone is now watching him try to finish the challenge. wade figures out that the player is not supposed to win the game, but find the easter egg with an adventure and thereby unlocking the crystal key. since he is still in edge's van and they are now being pursued by sorrento and his goons. wade struggles to use all the keys to unlock the vault, but he succeeds and finds the chamber with the easter egg. he is greeted by anorak who presents parzival with a contract to take over the oasis. but wade realizes this is a test reminiscent of when halliday made morro sign over his shares of gregarious games, which halliday regretted. the chamber then disappears to reveal the real holiday. in his own childhood room, he presents wade with the red button that can shut the oasis down for good if he chooses to wait. almost hits it when sorrento's van bumps into him. halliday tells wade that he ultimately realized that while escapism is fun, the real world is more important. betch drives the van to the stacks where a group of people attempt to confront sorrento. he finds their van, but the police arrive first. they have seen a video that etch uploaded of sorrento confessing to his crimes. he and fnail are then arrested. the team is then approached by agun moro, who calls himself og. he reveals to wade that he was the curator as well with a team of lawyers. ogg helps wade secure control of the oasis, but he wants to share control with his friends, which ag agrees with. wade's final narration states that with him and his friends in control of oasis, they forced ioi to remove all their loyalty centers. they have also decided to shut down the oasis on tuesdays and thursdays so that people may go out and enjoy the real world. we then see wade and samantha have moved into a new apartment, a place he is finally happy to call home. thank you for watching. for more videos like this, please like, comment, subscribe. till the next time, peace. 