hello. my name is Steven, and today I'm going to talk about Monsters Inc. the city of Monstropolis in the monster world, is powered by energy from the screens of human children. at the Monsters Inc Factory, skilled monsters employed as scarers venture into the human world to scare children and harvest their screams through doors that activate portals to children's bedroom closets. it is considered dangerous work, as human children are believed to be toxic. energy production is falling because children are becoming less easily scared. and Henry J warden OU's, the company's chairman, is determined to find a solution to the problem. James P Sully Sullivan and his best friend, Mike Wazowski are the organization's top employees, but their chief rival, Randall Boggs, is close behind. one evening, after work, Sulley discovers that Randall has left the door activated on the scare floor, and a small girl has entered the factory. after several failed attempts by Sulley to put her back, Randall sends the door back into the factory's door vault, and Sulley conceals her and takes her out of the factory. he inadvertently interrupts Mike state with his girlfriend Celia at a sushi restaurant, and chaos erupts when the child is discovered. Sulley and Mike managed to escape with the child before the child detection agency, CDA, quarantined the restaurant. they soon discover that she is not toxic after all. Sulley grows attached to her and calls her food, while Mike is just anxious to be rid of her. the duo smuggle her back into the factory disguised as a baby monster, and attempt to send her home. Randall discovers boo and tries to kidnap her, but mistakenly kidnaps Mike instead. he straps Mike to a large machine called the scream extractor, which he intends to use to revolutionize the scaring industry and solve the monster world's energy problems by forcefully extracting screams from kidnapped human children. before Randall can use the machine on Mike, and Sulley intervenes and reports Randall to order loose. but waternoose, who is secretly in league with Randall, exiles Mike and Sulley to the Himalayas instead, the to meet the abominable snowman, who tells them about a nearby village, which Sully realizes he can use to return to the factory. Sulley prepares to return, but Mike refuses to go with him. meanwhile, Randall is preparing to use the scream extractor on Boone, but Sulley suddenly arrives and saves her, destroying the machine in the process. Randall and Sulley battle, and after Mike returns and helps Sulley overpower Randall, the to reconcile, take booth and flee. Randall pursues them to the door vault. and a wild chase ensues among the millions of doors as they move in and out of the storage vault on Rails to the factory floor. booze laughter causes all the doors to activate at once, allowing the monsters to freely pass in and out of the human world. Randall attempts to kill Sully, but Bowie overcomes her fear of Randall and attacks him, enabling Sully to catch him. Sully and Mike then trap Randall in the human world, where two residents at a trailer park mistake him for an alligator and beat him with a shovel. Sully and Mike take blue and her daughter to the training room and trick warden ooze into revealing his plot with Randall. with help from the CDA and rods the scare floor secretary, who is revealed to be the CDA's leader. Mike secretly records the entire conversation for the CDA to review. war the news is arrested. Roz thanks Sully and Mike for their help, orders them to return Bloo home, and has boozed or demolished to prevent any monsters from making further contact with her. with the factory temporarily shut down, Sully is named the new CEO of Monsters. Inc under his leadership, the energy crisis is solved by harvesting children's laughter instead of screams, as laughter has been found to be ten times more potent. Mike takes Sully aside, revealing he has rebuilt boozed or it needs one final piece, which Sully took as a memento. in order to work. Sully puts the dog chip into place, enters and joyfully reunites with boo thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music], 