[Music]. welcome to slash forward, the channel will we provide summarization and commentary for all your favorite popular and obscure horror movies. in this video, we're gonna start another new series called, well you saw the town card, its monsters of horror. the series we'll explore the common horror trope of including an insufferable turd within the group of protagonists to act as a sort of secondary antagonist, someone other than the main bad guy, who's used to create tension and drama from within the group. this can be a useful and sometimes necessary element to the story, but it's often overused or over acted, creating an annoying distraction for the viewer. for the inaugural episode, we're gonna review Friday the 13th, 3d, the first of the franchise to contain a true monster. this is an excellent starting point because it gives us multiple points of comparison to clearly define what we're pursuing here. the first film focuses on developing the final girl. it relies on a plot twist, ending no extra antagonist needed here. the second in the series starts to dip its toes into the water with this guy but he never pays us the courtesy of getting murdered for our viewing pleasure. so he doesn't quite make it. the third film is tasked with keeping it fresh and finding a way to create drama and tension within a well established formula, so obviously 3d, and then adding an insufferable, antagonistic [ __ ] to the movie. I know what you're thinking. as soon as you saw that we were talking about Friday the 13th, part 3, your mind wandered to Shelley. and that's exactly what we're gonna start Shelley's very hard to like. he seems to spend a significant portion of the movie trying to make his friends hate his guts. he gets invited onto this cabin camping trip under the auspices of being set up on a blind date, which is an impossible situation. if they don't hit things off, neither of them can leave. add to this that Shelley's natural response to these types of stressors is to engage in immature antics that involve constant pranking with both elaborate setup and time commitment. the type of pranks that only afford a reasonable payoff for the effort if they result in genuine psychological damage, and you have a recipe for disaster. he does is for attention, to feel loved, to find his power, most likely stripped from him by being constantly derided by his father for never being good enough, and obviously for sexual gratification. but twist, despite all this, Shelley is not the monster. I hope that wasn't a Shelley level prank I just pulled there. Shelley's the prime example of what we're not looking for in a monster. but once viewed independent of his flaws, and in moments of solitude and quiet reflection, we witness a window into his soul where we find longing pain, heartache, self-doubt in a sufficient degree of pathos to evoke our sympathies. jerk. he does things he understands how people react, and he hates himself for it, but he can't stop. he even has a moment where he finds his courage and runs down a biker in his car, demonstrating a clear desire to live up to an ideal. he just lacks the confidence to fully actualize this portion of his psyche. all this leads to him dying in the spirit with the only witness to his death, assuming that he's pulling another prank. and finally, if for no other reason, we have to respect Shelley for providing Jason with his now iconic hockey mask. and with that, we have to shift our focus now to the true monster, Rick a. Rick plays a responsible, mature role within the group, which only promotes confusion around ascertaining the degree to which he may either be a prick or a true predator. these movies generally present their main characters as teenagers participating in woodland fun during the summer months. although aging the characters is not always easy just from observing the actors. for instance, the two potheads are these supposed to be teenagers. they're the least responsible of the crew, for tweeners who travel out to this cabin to hang with Rick, who's clearly a grown-ass man. so how do we interpret what's going on here? if we assume the characters are the appropriate age of the actress, the implications that their relationships get somewhat dark. Rex no longer one of the boys. he's a grown man emotionally manipulating a high school girl. with that in mind, let's review some clues that indicate Rick as a generally unlikable character. and first off, he's a large man driving a tiny car, and he never attempts to assimilate himself into the group in any way. he has a penchant for draping wool sweaters over flannel shirts in the summertime. and he gets upset with Shelley for the damage to his car, despite the fact that this was a defining moment in Shelley's life. the damage was caused by an unidentified third party. and by the way, the glass shattered, you know, Rick had clearly cheaped out on a prior repair. none of these things speak favorably of Rick, but is mostly just background noise compared to his persistent campaign of emotional abuse imposed upon Chris, the protagonist of the movie and his love interest. if you watch his interactions, you quickly see that while she's working hard to heal from a significant psychological trauma, and returning to the cabin as a part of her long journey to react ylim ate herself to the places she previously found comforting and safe, Rick muses trip is her last chance to allow him to give her his gift, as he constantly and explicitly pressures her to have sex with him. here are some clips where he goes back and forth and his affection for her, keeping her constantly guessing and uncertain, he allows her to play the alternating role of being the sole reason he's there, while also ignoring any of her emotional needs. there's only so many cold showers I can take. I think gained some weight, then I gave up an opportunity to spend the weekend with Mary Jo Conrad for this. why should I don't play fair? do you? in an example of his disregard, here he is harden, egging her by refusing to look in her direction while having a conversation. no doubt he has a full length mirror propped up on a hay bill so he can watch how his slippery body works when his muscles are under duress, like a proper strong boy. one can only conclude from this evidence that Rick is confused and insecure. he considers himself a mature adult and an alpha male, but with only a superficial understanding of what any of that means. he only understands his own perverted desires and lacks the empathy required to understand how his words and actions affect the people around him. the only real question were left with is whether or not he falls fully into sociopathy. unfortunately, we never fully find out, because before he has the opportunity to see his plan through, he's fittingly dispatched in a way that robbed him of his voice and power, ineffectually flailing in vain as Jason pops his head like a grape. how does he rank now? seemingly not very high. while he went heavy on the psychological abuse, he was never overtly violence and didn't do much to generally annoy or distract the group. his main strength was his subtlety, which allowed him to mostly float under the radar. but he serves as an excellent first example of what we're doing here, because the role his character fills stands out among the early movies in the series. and he also has a parent competition within the movie he occupies. that's why Rick is going to act as our first monster. [ __ ]. he'll be the benchmark against which we judge the others in future episodes. if you have a favorite and you'd like to see how they stack up, please post about it in the comments below. thanks for watching. 