[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a thriller film set in tunchee. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. a little girl is picking mushrooms in the forest of the alps when a bright ray of light shines through, seemingly to lead her somewhere. a boy on a tree is holding a mirror to reflect the sunlight. the girl follows the light to find a cluster of mushrooms. she runs over happily for the mushrooms, but accidentally finds a skeleton. the girl can't help bursting out screaming. soon after, the police come for investigation. after an autopsy, the bone belongs to a young man who has died 30 years the policeman asked the girl to recognize the boy from missing person reports. surprisingly, they find the boy has been missing since 1975. it means what the girl saw may be a ghost. the policeman doesn't believe in ghosts. as a result, the girl's mother tells him a story that happens a long time ago. time flies back to 1975. in the village of bryson, alps, switzerland, there happens an astonishing murder. a priest is found hanging in the church, the only sheriff in the village hurries over to take care of the case. after examination, the coroner finds the body has no other wounds. people in the village are curious about his cause of death, but all the clues indicate that the priest commits suicide. the bishop thinks the dead priest must have been bewitched by the devil. even so, the bishop still holds a funeral for him. shortly after the funeral, a strange girl shows up in the village. she looks dirty and unkempt and seems too weak to walk herself. as the girl is about to faint, the sheriff takes the girl back to the police station and tries to clean her face. unexpectedly, the girl wakes up and kisses him. when the doctor just comes in, the situation seems a bit embarrassed for both so the doctor simply does a quick check for the girl and leaves. luckily, the girl is quite healthy, but she acts rude and can't speak any language. obviously, the girl isn't raised in a civilized environment. the sheriff wants to find a temporary place for the girl to stay. he thinks about the mayor's tavern, where a group of villagers has gathered to discuss the mysterious girl. one of the villagers says he once came across the girl when he was cutting firewood in the forest. she stared at him for a while and ran away. the villagers are afraid that the mysterious girl may be a devil. while they are having a heated discussion, the sheriff takes the girl in and asks the mayor's wife if she can shelter the girl. the mayor's wife rejects him, for people in town doubt that the girl is related to the death of the priest. she kindly reminds the sheriff that the girl has a wood carving which belongs to a young nomad herdsmen living with his uncle on the mountaintop. she suggests the sheriff see if the two herdsmen are well. first, for the girls safety, the sheriff puts her in prison and hurries to visit the two herdsmen above the mountain. the nephew is an orphan raised by his herdsman uncle. they live together on the top of the mountain. the sheriff gets to their house, but finds no one around. so he leaves a note and prepares to go. as the sheriff is about to leave, a shaky hand unexpectedly stretches behind the window, as if someone is asking for help. however, the sheriff doesn't notice it and leaves. he returns to the police station, only to find the bishop is waiting. the bishop believes the girl must be a devil and scares her with a cross. the girl seems to be afraid of the cross. to protect her, the sheriff chases the bishop away and takes her home. he tries to comfort the girl and makes her happy. the girl seems to like him and kisses him again. though having a crush on her, the sheriff controls himself and gets her to sleep. the sheriff determines to find out the truth about the girl. the next day, he takes the girl to investigate missing persons in town. he eventually finds a woman who has almost the same appearance as the girl. however, this woman was suspected of arson and burning three herdsmen, and she disappeared 25 years ago. to find out the truth, the sheriff entrusts the girl to the mayor and goes to the former sheriff who is responsible for this case there. the former sheriff is impressed with the missing woman, as it's the only unsolved case in his career. but he knows nothing except that the woman was a gypsy. while the girl is waiting for the sheriff in the mayor's factory, the bishop suddenly rushes in with a knife and intends to kill her. fortunately, the mayor stops him in time. the girl is scared and runs all the way into the mayor's house. at this time, mayor's pregnant wife is at home alone. seeing the hungry girl rushes in, she kindly brings her some food. as a christian, the mayor's wife draws a cross on the food, as usual to pray. however, the girl is frightened by the cross and suddenly rushes crazy towards the mayor's wife. when the sheriff gets back, finally, the girl has gone, so does the mayor's unborn child. feeling guilty about the mayor and his wife, the sheriff leaves their house and decides to find out the truth on his own. in the flashback, some time ago, a stranger, martin, paid a visit to the small village and happened to see the herdsmen. uncle martin claimed that he just broke up with his girlfriend, so he wanted to stay away from the noise of the city and join them in the cabin built on the top of the mountain the herdsmen. uncle took his cash and led martin to their place. a long, quiet night, they were drinking together to kill the boring time. martin thought of his ex-girlfriend and fell into sadness. to cheer him up, the uncle told a legend about senen tunchi. it is said that three lonely and horny herdsmen created a doll using brooms and rags. the devil met their wishes and made the doll a real woman. the doll could not only do housework perfectly during the day, but also satisfy their hormone desires at night. after finishing the story, the uncle asked his nephew to make a similar doll. they were so drunk to sing and dance with the doll, pretending that the doll had become a real woman. but actually, none of them took a legend seriously. however, the next day, when they woke up, they saw an actual girl in the kitchen, wearing the clothes of the doll, as if the doll had truly turned into a real person. this is the girl that appeared in the village and was rescued by the sheriff. the uncle is kind of afraid, as the girl played the three herdsmen and turned them into dolls in the legend. however, martin didn't believe that smelly he insisted that the girl must get lost in the mountain and they should send her back before the police come for her. the uncle agreed at first, but when he's going to take the girl down the mountain, he couldn't control himself anymore and must give her a hormone assault. on the other side, the sheriff is worried about the missing girl after she runs out of the mayor's house, but he has no idea where she has gone. at this time, the sheriff sees a wanted warrant that clearly shows martin on it. it happens that martin is wanted for killing his ex-girlfriend, but he hides the truth from the uncle and his nephew. in the flashback, martin was surprised to see the girls still in their cabin to avoid the police search, he dragged the girl out and intended to push the girl off the mountain. however, after the push and pull for a while, he also couldn't control himself and give her a hormone assault on the way. so he changed his mind and took the girl back to save their lust. at that night, the uncle and martin even forced the nephew to hormone assault the girl as well. the next morning, the girl took a revenge to flay all the sheep owned by them, imitating the way the herdsmen uncle slaughtered them. the uncle was so angry to find that his sheep were all dead, he swore that he must kill the girl. however, to keep the girls life, martin hid her in the storehouse, then pretended to search for her with the uncle. when they got home in the evening, martin found himself infected with tetanus. it turns out that he was bitten by the girl when he raped her last night. the uncle tried to take him to the village for treatment. however, to avoid being caught by the police, martin refused and confided to the uncle about his crime. having no other choice, the uncle decided to take care of martin's wound. he asked the nephew to take some medical alcohol from the storehouse. the nephew went to the storehouse, but was knocked out by the girl hiding there. haven't seen the nephew's return, the uncle ran into the storehouse to look for him, when he suddenly found the girl there. the uncle locked her in the storehouse and burned immediately, trying to kill her that way. however, the girl climbed out from the chimney, leaving the nephew inside. it's too late. when the uncle finally saw his nephew in the fire, the nephew was burned to death. the uncle was so mad and hung the girl on the beam, swearing to kill her by himself. at the critical moment, martin showed up and threatened the uncle to free the girl. as soon as the girl was released, she grabbed a knife to stab into the old man's body. martin couldn't believe what happened in front of him. he was so weak and fainted once again. he woke up the second time to see the girl around him in panic. martin asked her to get some medicine for him from the village. though she couldn't understand what martin meant. the girl still went down the mountain, and that's how she met the sheriff in the village. before long, it turns out that the shaky hand on the window during the sheriff's first visit is martin's. martin died in a struggle. eventually. meanwhile, the sheriff keeps searching for the girl. after she runs away. he suddenly thinks of the bishop, who tries to kill the girl several times. so he privately searches the bishop's house. and as expected, sheriff finds a secret chamber with a girl's doll in it. apparently, a little girl was in captivity there for long. because of that, the sheriff arrests the bishop. immediately in the police station, the bishop confesses his crimes. it's revealed that the missing gypsy woman happens to be the mother of the girl. 25 years ago, the gypsy woman was raped and impregnated by the bishop. so she ran up the mountain to hide in a house of the legendary three herdsmen. but she was found by the bishop and forced to fall off the cliff. to cover up his crimes, the bishop killed the herdsmen and burned their house and then hid their daughter in the secret chamber. the dead priest was taking care of the girl. every time the priest took her the food, he would threaten her with a cross, which explains why the missing girl is afraid to see a cross. he didn't commit suicide, but died accidentally. once the girl tried to escape days ago, the bishop disguises the priest's death as suicidal to cover all things up. the girl successfully escaped and ran up the mountain to hide in the herdsman's house by accident. that's how the story begins. while the sheriff interrogates the bishop, a kid in the village runs over to tell him that the missing girl is seen on the mountain. after imprisoning the bishop, the sheriff races to the mountain, searching for the girl. in the herdsman's house, he finally finds the girl he has been thinking about. they are so happy to meet again and hug each other. the girl is so excited to see the sheriff and shows him her new toys. much to his shock, her toys happen to be dolls made of the herdsman uncle nephew and martin's body. it turns that the girl has no idea of death. she just makes the men into dolls in the way the nephew did to the brooms, thinking that they will be alive in this way. the sheriff is sick by what he saw. he suddenly thinks of the bishop's words that the girl is a devil. he shouts at the girl to get rid of her. the girl has never seen him like this before. she is frightened and runs into the mountain. the mountain is shrouded in clouds and mist the sheriff follows her, but the girl can't see the road clearly and falls in a ravine carelessly. the sheriff approaches himself for showing his anger at her. he rushes down to find her. however, the last thing he sees is the girl's dead body. in regret, he shoots himself to end his life. in the present, police search the whole woods and finally reach the whole truth. they realize that there's no devil at all, but just a mortal, innocent girl, killed by the sheriff's mistake. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 