I get back to work? no, I've been here for weeks. not scrubbing one more corpse until you tell me why I'm doing it. a girl is not ready to become no.1, but she's ready to become someone else. mr. slave ship. why are they entered? it probably came ashore water. take me the slavers Bay. put a sword in my hand. I'll prove my worth my cellar. Uncle Jamie, that was something stupid. we have to gonna sell that now. for [ __ ] sake. you drop your weapon. you deny all the charges against you, fornication, buggery, blasphemy? of course I deny them. Queen Margaery, in the presence of the gods, do you swear that your brother is innocent of these charges against him, to the best of your knowledge? yes, I swear it. you're late with him that night and many others. liya, is there anyone else who can support your claim? yes, Queen Margaery, she walked in on us once not long ago. there is enough evidence to bring a formal trial for ser Loras and Queen Margaery. comment, lady Sansa, can you take this man? they take this man. we've known Sansa since she was a girl. now watch her become a woman. [Music], first Ranger, you have command at Castle black. well, commander, it is my duty to tell you I believe this mission to be reckless, foolhardy and an insult to all the brothers who have died fight in the wild lands. as always, thank you for your honesty. his name was Aemon Targaryen. and now his watch is only I am the king. the queen is in prison, and there is nothing I can do. I'll call in the army. I'll take back the sets and kill every last one of them. you know as well as I do who the first casualty of that war would be. I love her. oh, great. your grace, you honor us all. [Music], get him out of my sight, please. I just need a moment of your time. I brought you a gift. I am the gift. it's a pleasure to meet you, your grace. my name is Tyrion Lannister. the Tyrells finery will be stripped away. their lies knocked down, their true hearts laid bare for all to see. what will he find when we strip away your finery? young man came to us not long ago, and he has much to say about you. order her to let me go. I am The Queen you. why should I spend my time listening to you? because you cannot build a better world on your own. you have no one at your side who understands the land you want to rule. so if I'm not going to be murdered and I'm not going to be banished, I'm going to advise me. my name is Lanna. I'm an orphan, a girl named Lanna. I will return to the docks. she will watch the gambler. she would come to know as much about him as he knows about herself. and then what a gift. tell me why bran and Rickon should be gone while you still breathe the air. tell me to my face Theon, tell me that they warned your brother, bran and Rickon, there's two farm boys. come with me and I'll share these weapons. come with you where there are good lands south of the walls. the Nights Watch will let you through the tunnel and allow your people to farm those lands. if, if you swear you'll join us when the real war begins. the long night is coming, and the dead come with it. we're leaving too many behind. the free folk are stubborn. [Music], come on. [Music], both of the gates received a threatening message. she will return with you to King's Landing, and my son, Prince trystane, will accompany you both. I want to help you. is there any way I can help? yes, there is. good I want to it will all be over soon, princess. [Applause], foolish jockey. \xc3\xb6zil studies. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music], [Applause]. [Music]. [Applause], your grace. the lady Melisandre was just seen riding out of camp on to Winterfell. send me, Gilly and the baby to Oldtown so I can become a maester. that's what I'm him to be, not this sage begins at sunrise. it's not going to be a siege. your grace, coming back. [Music], you're the first person on my list. you know I'm Arya Stark. a girl has taken her life. they're armed life. I can't see. I wish you all the happiness in the world. listen, fella, Lucilla. [Music], she has confessed to demonstrate her repentance, she will cast aside all pride to make her walk of atonement. [Applause]. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music] 