[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2018 comedy-drama film, green book. so let's get started. we will do our best to make sure we do summaries for all the 2019 ask for Best Picture nominees before the awards. check out the playlist above for more nominees summaries. the film opens in 1960s New York with bouncer frank tony lip val and long searching for a new job while the coca-cola undergoes renovations. he is interviewed to be a driver by famed black pianist, Doc Don Shurley, who will be doing an 8 week long tour throughout the deep south. the plan is to return by christmas. tony has given a copy of the green book, which is a guide for black travelers of motels, restaurants and gas stations that serve blacks, as many businesses in this region of the country won't serve them. the tour begins well, and the movie goes on a bit like a buddy cop film. tony is a bit too gruff and rough, and Doc is a bit too refined. over time, they grow closer Tony is impressed with Doc's talent and becomes appalled by how racist people can be towards Doc the second he leaves the stage. doc is attacked at a bar one night, and Tony saves him, saying that doc should never go anywhere without him. throughout the journey, doc helps Tony write letters to his wife, which deeply moves her. later, doc has a homosexual encounter, which nearly gets him arrested, but Tony bribes the police. Tony and Doc are later arrested in another city while driving, after Tony punches an offer for insulting him. doc ends up calling the Attorney General, Robert F. Kennedy, who orders the governor to release Doc. Tony is amazed, but doc feels humiliated after having to make the call. this leads to an argument where Tony states that he is blacker than Doc is, and where doc explains that he doesn't feel like he belongs anywhere because white people hate him because he is black, and he feels like he can't identify with the people of his own race either. on the night of the final performance in Birmingham, Alabama, doc has refused entry to a white only dining room the same room that he will be performing in just a few minutes later, doc refuses to play. Tony and him go to a predominantly black blues club where doc plays onstage for a bit. the two head back in a terrible snowstorm and make it home by Christmas Eve. Tony invites da Cup, which at first doc is reluctant, but he ends up being welcomed by the whole family for dinner as the film ends. so that was the spoilers for the Green Book. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoilers on our social media and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 