before we begin, let me start by saying, if you feel sorry for wildly living in that dump, just remember, every time you pick up us boat, it's on you. the stars of our movie today, ah, Johnny, number five play house tour begins with a Broadway Love &amp; bot roaming the streets of the planet formerly known as Earth. well, it's still known as Earth, but it ain't really looking at these days, because all the people done up and left because their mamas never taught them they supposed to poop where they eat. all while he does is roll around all day by his lonesome in his cockroach companion, trying to decide which heap of hazardous human excess he should love into a big block of worthlessness before returning home to his sad life of savage and solitude. look at this sadness. he craving have some BOTS booting every day for wall-e. is this sad sameness his alarm rings. he wakes up and he takes his own Kubik buns of steel to work. hey, I never gettin paid. but then one day he finds something green. how was it that the humans didn't know how important that was? but a brainless bot what a duty eating cockroach for best friend does. well, I guess he can t do it now, because there really ain't nothing allowed to drop deuces. and look how disappointed he is. wait, take it back. look, all he has to eat is generic Twinkies, which is pretty much the same thing as a duty. both more preservatives. where was that? yeah, wall-e found that planet life thing. you're just in time for some bob bit tool and looking to steal it. swag. Phil's look at a Batna. big blue eyes at the desperate fella, knowing, damn well, she ain't interested in nothing but that green. well, at least I'm not better. now, while these schools y'all broke behind, in a course called how to get that girl. step 1, let us show off her skills. step 2, act a fool. step 3, try not to let her blow your block. it but up. step 4, don't handle rejection. step 5, watch a nuke something. step 6, once you get all snobby. step 7, beg her forgiveness. step 8, let her examine the goods. step 9, take her to your bachelor pad. step 10, turn on your tagging lights and try to impress the lady with the only junk you can afford? well, I guess one man's trash is a wide-eyed locket. but it show - singing robots treasure. but don't show her your bubble wrap, okay? because she will pop it all. then he shows of what she came for, dub plan, and she just helps herself to it. after he did all the work to find it. this she goes into hibernation. I know some folks like that. he one vegetable and pass out. then they wake up like, oh, my intestines. and while Legion spends these days with his mind now all his work, but instead on this point at booty Bach, you know you desperate when you will go out on a date with a girl in a coma. and this is where your life can go straight to hell in a handbasket, when the one who used to bat her eyes at you shuts you out, and you lose all sense of self-esteem and self-worth and neglect your duties and responsibilities while you pined for a woman who ignores you, won't Lima man. maybe you have all day to try to stick your plug in somebody's socket. by our guys to do just Lucho say itself. now you've got no job and no purpose, and you just waste your time playing video games to ease your pain. what mama? I know she gonna feel gorgeous. son. then, while leaves, like, girl, you're looking a little pale. say out here. catch yourself some rays. but did, she gets abducted, beamed up. and while he just can't let go until he does. and then he's like, what? oh, snap. and I I just know there's a metaphor here, yes, Wally, reach for the stars, baby. I knew I can do it. and after some travel that must have taken light-years. but lucky for Wally, he don't have nothing but time and love for a girl that gives him the cold shoulder. I'm gay think ownership called the axiom. Wally is forced to come right back down to reality, where people do their damn jobs. well, robots do. little Wally be obsessing did his lady friend is whisked away, and he follows her and sees the people not doing their damn jobs, living the life of luxury go-go, going in a hover rounds and then depends ludis, poor mushy, falling out of his chair and just rolling around on his back like a hapless turtle. finally, while he gets Eve, dat's a name, by the way, somewhere where she's examined by the then he gets jumped into the captains quarters, and whole lot of humans been gone a long time, a long time. then the evil AI, is there any other kind? brings Eve, who's still flashing green. and the captain calls the book man, well, because he can't read. and, you know, these people ain't attractive, all smart. next thing you know, he's gonna be calling our planet ER. then he gets probed and opened the doors and where's the planet? and of course, she blames me, I mean, Wally. and why Wally gets totaled off to get his non-working scrubby behind a good scrubbing. you see just your fictional this story is, because there's a human in this movie who is actually interested in learning, who Jeb, being a little salty bit today, this one goes down, and wall-e and Eve get accused to go rogue. and of course, even blames Wally. again. what we nice guys will tolerate this is transit sent him off into space alone, solo, by himself, without anybody else. she's off. I don't want no scrubs until she sees he answer. but now it's too late, because he's in a self-destruct in space. Tech say, hey, Tex a with the green and then he gets blown out and shows that he saved the planet. oh, she didn't want him just for the goods. she liked him even though he got cockroaches in his apartment. can't say the same for any of the women I like. this up sparks among the stars, even for these losers. so while the turtle and his newfound flame see what happens when you get your nose out of a screen, Wally, even the captain fight the AI who thinks he's so damn smart. see, he believes the earth has been uninhabitable since 2110, which is only about ninety years ago, y'all. and so he didn't want to plan being detected and all them jelly bellies getting whiplash when the ship goes into hyperdrive get them home. dam technology, always thinking in knows what's best for me. time to get up, bit, time to pay your rent. bit, time to take a poopy bit spits on my damn nerves. after about 20 minutes of that story, we're eaves all wall-e I need you. and while he learns he's nothing but a Honey, I Shrunk the wall a. and then annoying neat-freak saves them from floating off into the final frontier forever. and while he gets damaged in eve chance to replace his dysfunctional parts, his floppy drive, his broke body. hey, Eve learned she can fix him if she takes him back to earth. and then they fight - pulpo and wall-e. he sacrifices himself, and the captain shuts down the AI, and Eve sucks the trip back to earth. they finally get back to earth, and she repairs him, but he can't wake up until he receives true love's first kiss. blah, blah, blabbity blah. then the humans and robots take their first steps on earth, where these fools actually think they're gonna grow pizza. then the moral of this story is, wasn't more of a story? don't leave you waste lying around, unless it's a duty. because we don't want to upset the cockroaches, because they are the only living creatures that can withstand the damage caused by human earth leeches. and if they going up and in the show, we best give them some snakes that ain't generic Twinkies so we can stay friends with them. back end, be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for regular fix of meth. let me take a minute to thank all these patrons. I have a lot of them because I made a video last week that wasn't allowed on YouTube. so I want to be sure all y'all know how much I appreciate you, in case you didn't see the last one. and then we have these special patrons who are enthusiasts, aficionados, addicts and experts. Mario, David D Jake Kane, dissing whiskey. Gabriella. see, Michelle w PG. FJ grey, do raspberries. Davis. see, Kelly s Caro else. Brian P. David M Dan W oh man, I am. Donna G melon am. and Justin B thanks to folks like these, you can expect me to upload more videos on hash tag myth Friday, except when it's on hash tag myth Saturday or hash tag meth Sunday. who you judge me? full movies. explain fall. I'm Jeb dire. I stop standing there screen. go learn to moonwalk or something. 