Story Recapped here. Today I'm going to explain an action, adventure, comedy, science fiction, and fantasy film called \xe2\x80\x9cLove and Monsters." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.  In a futuristic world, the earth is experiencing a monster apocalypse caused by the destruction of a big asteroid, Agatha 6-1-6, and rockets fired by humans in hopes of breaking it apart. The chemical compounds rained back down on the surface, making some animals mutate into cold-blooded monsters and wipe out most of humanity. Since then, the remaining people live in hiding, mostly in underground bunkers, caves, and panic rooms. The groups of people living under these conditions are called \xe2\x80\x9ccolonies.\xe2\x80\x9d Among the survivors is Joel Dawson, an orphaned teenager who lives in a bunker with several people. Inside the place they call home, they grow vegetables, tend to a cow for dairy supply, and hunt the remaining food whenever they go outside. Joel feels a sense of loneliness inside the bunker. He is the only resident who is single; living with couples makes him miss his girlfriend, Aimee, who got separated from him during the apocalypse. To pass the time, he does target practice for fun. In one of his sessions, he hears rumbling noises from above which alarms everyone that a creature may be near. Among the top fighters are Anna Lucia, Ray, Tim, Connor, and Anderson, who refuse to let Joel join them because of his lack of fighting abilities. Upon his exit, Connor kisses his wife, Kala, while Joel is still scared of the breach.  On a monitor, the rest of the residents watch the movements, where one of the fighters gets eaten. Willing to help his friends, Joel follows them despite his fears and lack of practice. Slowly, he walks to the exit, where a gigantic insect-like creature hides behind the curtain. It gradually comes nearer, close enough to kill him, but Joel can't move because of his reactive immobility, which causes him to freeze when he is afraid. To his surprise, the monster dies after Anna Lucia shoots it just in time.  Flashback to seven years ago, Joel and Aimee go on a car date on the top of a hill where Aimee gives him art materials. In the middle of their intimate moment, they see flare guns fired at a great distance, causing them to be alarmed and leave. To escape from the horrors of the present time, Joel has developed a love for drawing and coloring. In great detail, he illustrates the monsters that he has seen in the last seven years using Aimee\xe2\x80\x99s gift and takes notes of how to kill them. Despite him and Aimee being apart for such a long time, they still communicate through the radio and make the most out of what they have. While on call, Aimee\xe2\x80\x99s line gets disrupted due to a bad signal, cutting their conversation abruptly. On that same night, as Kala grieves over Connor\xe2\x80\x99s death, Joel recalls the day of the apocalypse where he and Aimee shared their last embrace, which gives him the idea of actually reuniting with her. He brings this up during their colony meeting, but the members warn him that the journey is dangerous and it would take him at least a week to get there. Determined to be with the love of his life, Joel disregards their comments and packs his things along with other weapons for defense.  For the first time in years, Joel finally basks in the sun and breathes fresh air. He takes some moments to let the fact that he is out in the open sink in before studying the map and starting his journey on foot. Along the way, he sees the world in ruins and in complete disaster. Not long after, he comes across a house where he enters to check if there are any signs of life. He opens a fridge near the entrance and gets frightened by a noise from inside it, so he runs to the backyard, where a mossy pool is located. Three sets of eyes look at him from the water before a giant toad reveals itself, trying to stick its tongue on Joel. Luckily, a stray dog named Boy saves him, which gives him time to run away, but it gets a hold of him and drags him toward its mouth. Boy bites the monster toad\xe2\x80\x99s tongue, making Joel free as they run away to a small van, which is the dog\xe2\x80\x99s shelter. He spends the night in the minivan and resumes his journey, but this time, with a friendly companion. They immediately start to make their way through a forest, where Joel falls into a deep hole full of skeletons. He later finds out that the pit is infested with worm monsters, but a rope comes from above, rescuing him. Two other survivors, Clyde and Minnow, finish off the remaining monsters called Sand Gobblers in the hole by throwing an explosive inside after introducing themselves to Joel. He asks the duo if he could tag along, given that they are quite skilled in slaying monsters, to which Clyde agrees. All of them continue to get to know each other; Minnow, who recently lost her father, is now under the care of Clyde, who also lost his child. Clyde reminds Joel that he should learn more about fighting and survival for him to keep up with them. He then surveys the area if there are any monsters around and reveals that a \xe2\x80\x9cChumbler\xe2\x80\x9d is following Joel\xe2\x80\x99s scent, and they should not waste any time.  Advancing to the woods, Minnow mocks Joel for not having any valuable skills and for having a girlfriend. While Clyde explains that Minnow is outspoken because she has been through a lot. Out of nowhere, Clyde\xe2\x80\x99s expression puts Joel under the idea that a monster is behind him, so he freezes again. Clyde instructs him to remove his shirt, but it takes time for him to do it because of his panic attack. Once he hands over his shirt, he turns around to see a humongous snail leaving them alone after Clyde puts Joel\xe2\x80\x99s shirt by its shell. Minnow then informs him that not all monstrous creatures are hostile, telling him, \xe2\x80\x9cYou can always tell in their eyes.\xe2\x80\x9d According to Clyde, the snail is a blessing in disguise because it now has Joel\xe2\x80\x99s scent, leading the Chumbler away from them.  They stopover at a nearby cave; Joel shows his illustrations to Clyde, adding notes to his descriptions. He shares a bit of his parents, which puts him in a gloomy mood just as they are about to head to their next location. For the next few days, Minnow trains Joel to become more precise in shooting with a bow, and the two of them become closer. Clyde also teaches him basic survival skills that he missed out on in the last years and lessons on which monsters to look out for. Eventually, they have to part ways as Joel needs to find Aimee while Clyde and Minnow find more safety in the mountains. The two insist on Joel staying with them, but he loves Aimee so much that he would rather risk his life seeking her. They split up and go in opposite directions right after Clyde gives him a grenade if ever he needs it.  Deep into the woods, Boy becomes terrified, sensing that danger is coming their way. It hides under a boat, but just as Joel comes to get him out, he sees tentacles coming from below the ground. Fearfully, he brings out his crossbow, but the monster smacks him out of the way and sees that Boy is trapped by a giant centipede while it still takes cover. He realizes that he is freezing at the moment despite his desire to get up and save his dog. Dramatically, he recalls the tragic accident that happened to his parents that entrapped them inside the car. This caused his mother and father to be crushed to death by one of the monsters on the day of the apocalypse. Joel snaps out of his fear and kills the centipede with his crossbow. Boy happily runs to him and is comforted by Joel\xe2\x80\x99s embrace.  On a rainy night,  they find shelter in an abandoned motel where a robot named Mavis activates. Joel used to own these robots back when he was still in the bunker, making him aware of how to interact with it. The artificial intelligence of Mavis is exceptional and highly human-like. It even offers him its remaining power supply for Joel to fix his radio for him to contact Aimee again briefly. He uses the robot\xe2\x80\x99s system to power the radio, and he finally reaches Aimee, but their conversation ends abruptly because of the limited power source. Mavis has 15 more minutes before her battery completely dies, so they both sit outside while it shows him a slideshow of his parents. Realizing that he has not overcome grief, he sobs in the arms of Mavis while they watch vibrant Sky Jellies that are harmless. Despite the rather sweet moment, Mavis shuts down, and Joel needs to continue his journey.  The following morning, Joel and Boy come across another hole, where Sand Gobblers usually stay. They quickly walk away from it, but Joel sees a creature emerging from the ground from behind\xe2\x80\x94a queen Sand Gobbler. It chases them relentlessly into the woods, causing Joel to crash near a river, but he and Boy manage to hide in an empty tree trunk. The sound-sensitive monster comes right behind them, but it crawls away after thinking that no one is there. Once the coast is clear, Boy barks after spotting its safety blanket blown by the wind, giving away its position. The monster crawls quickly back to them, but Joel manages to kill the queen sand gobbler with the only grenade he has. It blasts into pieces, making Joel succeed with another kill. He ends up in the river and swims back to land only to find poisonous leeches all around his body. After removing all of it, he yells at Boy for putting both of them in danger, causing the dog to run away.  The leeches have caused Joel to hallucinate and lie on the ground. At this moment, he struggles to feel in control of his body when Aimee appears out of nowhere. At last, he feels more successful than ever but becomes unconscious again because of the severe poison. He gains full consciousness in Aimee\xe2\x80\x99s colony, where she leads a group of elderly survivors who heavily rely on her. Unlike his colony, theirs is located on a beach and is more spacious. Outside, he meets Dana, Rocko, and Brooks, who they all call Cap, who takes the lead in his colony on a yacht. While Aimee packs her things to leave their unsafe colony, she confesses that she is glad to reunite with Joel but has become a whole different person, and she is still mourning someone. Taken aback by her confession, Joel realizes that Aimee cannot reciprocate the love that he has for her.  Moments later, Cap, his crew, and the rest of the colony discuss their descent the following day, but Joel is still unconvinced about the idea. Because of this, he uses a radio to contact his colony, and one of the elderly serves him some food, ordered by the captain. While waiting for the radio to reach the other end, he looks at the map that his colony has made for him; in there, he finds heartfelt messages from them and realizes that it is where he truly belongs. Finally, he reaches his colony to update them about his adventure and learns that it has become extremely unsafe and that they too must leave. He makes up his mind that he should leave and packs up his stuff. However, the food served to him catches his attention; he browses through pages of his book and finds out that the berries are poisonous, which means that Cap has bad intentions toward Aimee\xe2\x80\x99s colony. He runs to warn Aimee, but she gets knocked unconscious because of the drinks, as well as the elderly. Just as she is about to pass out, Dana punches him, causing him to blackout.  The next day, Joel, Aimee, and the rest of her colony wake up as captives tied up on the beach. Cap reveals that his crew is there to steal food and supplies since their yacht is towed by a gigantic crab monster controlled with an electric chain. He releases the crab to feed on the old colonists, but Joel and Aimee free themselves. The agitated Aimee charges at Rocko after she dodges his shots. The crab runs toward Joel, but he manages to keep it at a distance. He then has the opportunity to kill it, but Cap electrocutes the creature, causing Joel to be thrown across the beach. The creature becomes more agitated, and just as the commotion gets bigger, Boy returns to help. As Dana and Aimee still get on with their brawl, Cap becomes more impatient and decides to deal with the matter in his own hands, knocking Aimee down. Joel finds the opportunity to kill the crab after it picks him up, but he realizes that it is neither dangerous nor hostile by looking into its eyes, so he shoots the electrified chain, completely freeing it. The giant crab leaves Joel and the colony unharmed and instead kills Cap and the crew, sinking the rundown yacht in the process.  Now that they are all safe, he bids goodbye to Aimee and shares a romantic kiss before leaving with Boy. Aimee promises that she will find him, and just like that, they part ways once again. Feeling accomplished, he treks back to the bunker, where his colony is ecstatic to see him safe. They all decide to head to the mountains, tired of hiding underground. On the radio, Joel tells his story and inspires other colonies to go back to the surface. As everyone makes their way north, Clyde and Minnow, who are already in the mountains, listen to him as well, jokingly wondering if Joel can survive the next journey. 