[Music]. this woman applied gray powder on her cheeks and then her neck. next she put on black lipstick, and in the end, she painted all her body gray. she picked up the mirror to check it many times. she finally could go out. because this woman was living in an idyllic black and white world. but this time, when she was playing cards, the card suddenly turned colorful. she was startled and almost dropped them. why did they suddenly become chromatic? that night, when david and his sibling jennifer were fighting over the television, jennifer accidentally pressed a button. all of a sudden, the two was suck into the television screen, looking at their grey skin. jennifer was shocked. a mysterious repairman appeared in the television. david seemed to understand the situation. they turned out to be transported into the movie pleasantville, and became the parker's children. the mysterious repairman explained that the world of pleasantville is better than the real world. so firstly, they had to follow the movie's plot. fortunately, david was a big fan of the movie and remembered the plot very well. they found this world wholesome, but peculiar at the same time, david could easily throw the ball into the basket without any effort. so he didn't really hate getting stuck here. but jennifer didn't think so. they ate the same breakfast every day. firefighters could merely rescue cats from trees. all of them made she feel hopeless. suddenly, she found an attractive guy. this handsome look completely drew jennifer's attention. she now had a reason to stay here. what's more, as the movie's plot, martin would fall in love with her as expected. not long after that, he asked jennifer out to lovers lane, but all of the couples just sat on the car and talked. how could they call this love? jennifer decided to be a pioneer. she pushed martin down and had sex with him, which was a brand new concept to him and everyone else in the town. although it was the first time, martin was very satisfied. when they returned home, they discovered a red rose on the tree, which had never appeared in this black and white world. one day, when betty, the mother, was playing cards, she saw the cards in her hands turn red. in the town, there were more and more people becoming chromatic because of having not seen colors before, they all considered it as a disease. they also came to the hospital for a checkup. betty heard that the disease broke out from the lover's lane, so she asked jennifer about it, and we're told about sex and masturbation, which she had no idea about because her husband, george and her had never had sex before. in the evening, while taking bath, she tried to imagine. as a result, the tree in the garden suddenly caught fire. david rushed to the firefighters, but they didn't even know what fire was. after david had said that there was a cat on the tree, they immediately stood up facing the big fire. these firefighters didn't know what to do. david could only take the hose and gave it to them. wow, i don't know these toys are this useful. it was hard to believe that these words were said by a firefighter. after the incident, david became the hero of pleasantville. the townsfolk were all curious how he knew about fire. it was the first time david had told them about the outside world. just after a few words of david, the white pages were gradually full of words. the library got more and more guests. slowly, parts of pleasantville changed from black and white to color, which attracted the mayor's attention, who viewed it as a threat. he invited mr parker to help stop the transformation. but the mother also became chromatic. to avoid being discovered by her husband, she could only apply gray powder and put on black lipstick. she disguised herself as her original black and white self. the repairman from earlier came to david because through the television, he found the town had changed upside down. he wanted to bring david and jennifer back to the present world, but david rejected. he wanted to completely change this place. betty was harassed by non-chromatic teenage boys. they kept saying unpleasant words about her. one of them even touched her collar. a second later, david turned up and knocked him down. the boy saw blood and hurriedly ran away. the mother took out the mirror from her bag because of anger. david also became chromatic. the mother and son hugged each other. a riot was ignited by the nude painting of betty on the window of a malt shop. the people didn't stop cursing her. a man rushed toward and destroyed the painting. other people clapped their hands excitedly. there were more and more people rushing in and destroying the shop. but at the same time, pleasantville became more colorful, the pink of peach blossom, the blue of lover river, and also the purple of lily, the red of rose. more and more people turned chromatic in the town. there was even the first reign of pleasantville. feeling that the situation was being out of control, a ban on chromatic people was initiated in public venues. they put signs on the doors. the chromatic people were harassed on the street. books in the library were burned. they even made ridiculously unequal rules. facing the seriously fierce attack, david and the people could only hide in their houses. but hiding like this wouldn't solve anything. so david and his friend sneaked out in the evening and painted a colorful mural depicting their world. the next day, when the people saw the colorful wall, they started to comment. more and more people gathered to see the wall. because it was banned. the two was imprisoned, brought to trial in front of the entire town. david and bill still adamantly defended their actions. david went to his father, confronted him. he convinced him to face the mother's love. looking at his beautiful wife, the father suddenly burst into tears. in a wink, the father became chromatic. at this time, the whole hall became chaotic and the people started to turn colorful. after that, he aroused enough anger and indignation in the mayor. the mother saw that and gave david a mirror. the mayor looked in the mirror and found that he also became chromatic. so awkward was he that the mayor fled. immediately after that, the whole pleasantville became colorful. the people started to open their hearts and have more freedom. after finishing his wish, david decided to return to his normal life, but jennifer decided to stay in the tv world. it's the end of the movie. pleasantville is an american fantasy comedy drama film. the black and white world and the scenes are set up interestingly. this life will never be stable. humans can't be the same individuals. to be honest, no one likes the resemblance. we all have interesting and unique souls briefly, we aren't the same 