[Music] in 2029, no mutants have been born in 25 years. Logan's healing ability has slowed and his body has aged. he spends his days drinking and working as a limo driver in El Paso, Texas. in an abandoned smelting plant in northern Mexico, he and mutant tracker Caliban, care for Charles Xavier. Charles suffers from a brain disease that causes him to lose control of his telepathic abilities, with destructive effects. Logan is approached by Gabriela Lopez, a former nurse from a biotechnological corporation alkalete transition, who asks him to escort her and an 11 year old girl, Laura Kenny, to Eden, a refuge in North Dakota. Logan reluctantly accepts, but finds Gabriella dead at his hideout. Logan is confronted by Gabriella's killer, transition cyborg chief of security, Donald Pierce, who is looking for Laura. laura has stowed away in Logan's limo and has powers similar to Logan's. she Logan and Charles escape Pierce and his enforcers, the Reavers, but Caliban is captured Logan and Charles learn from Gabriella cell phone that Laura is one of several mutant children that transition created from mutant DNA samples for use as weapons after they proved difficult to control. Gabriella and the nurses help children escape euthanasia. Laura, who was created from Logan's DNA, became separated when she was smuggled into the United States at a hotel in Oklahoma City. Logan discovers that Eden appears in x-men comic and Laura's possession, and assumed it is fictional. the Reavers arrived, but Charles, appearing to have a seizure, incapacitate everyone in the hotel. Logan killed the attackers, injects Charles with a suppressant and escaped. dr. Zander, right head of transition, convinces Caliban that they will not harm Logan and Charles if Caliban helps them find Laura. Logan, Laura and Charles help a farming family, the Munson's, after a traffic incident. and accept an offer of dinner at their home. Logan sees off enforcers from a corporate farm harassing the family. patriarch will x24 a feral clone of Logan murders Charles and Will's family stabs will and cap Laure Taliban sets off grenades to destroy the transition ban in which he is held captive, killing himself and several Reavers and injuring pierce. logan engages x24, but his outmatched will impales x24 on farm equipment using his truck, that dies from his injuries. Logan and Laura escaped with Charles body. after burying Charles, Logan passes out from rage and exhaustion. Laura convinces him to complete the journey. they arrive at Eden, a camp run by Richter and the other escaped transition test subjects. Laura discovers an adamantium bullet Logan has kept since his escape from Weapon X and plans to use it to commit suicide. Logan learns that the children plan to journey to Canada, and decides to separate from them, - Laura's dismay. the children are captured by the Reavers. Logan takes an overdose of serum given to him by Richter that increases his physical abilities and restores his healing ability. he slaughters most of the Reavers and rescues Laura, but the serum wears off as Pierce holds Richter at gunpoint. Rice tells Logan, who killed Rice's father years ago while escaping from Weapon X, that the decline of mutants is due to a transition virus that Rice created and distributed. Logan shoots rice dead and attacks Pierce. a regenerated x24, enraged by Rice's death, engages Logan. with their guards distracted, the children kill the Reavers, and Pierce Richter uses his seismic powers to flip a truck onto X 24 X 24 and pay Logan on the tree branch. the Laura shoots the adamantium bullet into his head, killing him severely wounded. Logan tells Laura to not be the weapon she was made to beat. Laura finally addresses him as her father. and Logan died. the children hold the burials, and Laura turns the cross on Logan's grave to its side to create an X before they continue their journey. [Music], 