welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead season 10 mini recap to get you ready for the six new episodes of the extended tenth season of the walking dead. that's right, new episodes of the walking dead are almost back, february 28th on amc, but a full week earlier, february 21st on amc plus. so make sure you sign up for that. now, this is not season 11 yet. there's six bonus episodes of season 10, season 10 c. but it looks like we're getting some pretty awesome episodes featuring some of our favorite characters, including negan's backstory. oh, so here's the recap on where we left our characters so you could jump right into it. let's start right off with the booty call crew. remember eugene met some girl over the radio and set up a date with her. king ezekiel and yumiko are tagging along as third and fourth wheels. and along the way, they met the hilarious, crazy new character, princess. but when they reached the rendezvous, eugene's lady love was not to be found. instead, they were ambushed by a bunch of stormtrooper looking guys. what i imagine they're gonna play a huge part in season 11, but i'm excited to see how we're introduced to them here. and it looks like we're gonna learn more about the new character, princess. she is wacky and zany. i love it. how'd you get that way? and why was she living alone in the city by herself? plus, king ezekiel's been having a rough time of it lately. since the kingdom fell, he's no longer king, and he is dying of cancer. he almost gave up last season. will he find the strength to keep fighting? speaking of optimists, next up is aaron and father gabriel. aaron was the nice guy, but after a couple of his boyfriends died and he lost his arm, he's now grown out the sexy apocalypse beard. he's replaced his hand with a medieval weapon and is basically the general of our survivor's armies. father gabriel was always the voice of mercy, but he's lost some of that in the war with the whisperers. when dante almost killed his girlfriend, rosita and her baby, he let the devil out. so these two former optimists are hardcore badasses. now i'm excited to see what they get up to. then there's the dynamic duo daryl and carol. at the beginning of the season, these two solidified their best friendship by actually exchanging friendship bracelets. but blinded by her need for revenge on alpha for killing her son, henry, carol kept making dumb decisions that put herself and the whole group at risk. so they've been on and off in kind of a fight this season, though they made up in the last episode. what's gonna happen? will they resolidify their best friendship, or go their separate ways for good? speaking of daryl, looks like we're getting the flashback for the six years he spent searching for rick grimes. when we first met daryl after the time jump, he was still living in the woods as a wild woods hermit. he never gave up the search. how did that happen? next up, it's maggie. yes, she's back on the show. she left during the time jump, apparently to go hang out with georgie and her crew. we still don't know much about georgie, except that she likes music and knows how to build windmills. so what's maggie been up to? one thing we know maggie's been up to is making friends with this masked ninja guy. who the heck is he? yes, he whirled in there, saving father gabriel's life with his sweet ninja blades. what is his deal? why does he wear the mask? does he ever talk? or is he the strong, silent type? either way, it's great to have her back. i'm excited to see what she's like now, how she interacts with the crew. and especially i'm excited to see how she interacts with negan. yes, uncle negan's been on a redemption arc lately, bonding with first judith, then lydia. and he proved his loyalty to the group by helping them fight the whisperers. of course, it was negan who killed alpha. but we can't forget how evil negan was. he killed maggie's husband, glenn, brutally with a baseball bat. last time they saw each other, maggie was gonna kill negan, but when she saw how pathetic he was, she decided she'd rather have him rot in prison for life. i don't imagine she's gonna be happy now that negan is free and an accepted part of the group. could she ever forgive negan? could you? i don't know. let's find out. and speaking of negan, we know we're getting here's negan, the negan origin story. we're gonna meet his wife, lucille, the woman he named his bat after. i am beyond pumped to see how negan went from probably a normalish guy to the sadistic, bat-wielding psychopath we met leading the saviors. i'm gonna make a prediction here and say that this will probably be one of the best episodes of the walking dead we've ever had. so there you have it, the mini pre-recap for the walking dead, season 10c. catch the premiere a week early, february 21st, only on amc plus link to that in the description. sign up now and don't miss out. and when these episodes drop, you know i'll be there recapping them. so hit that subscribe button to stay caught up on the walking dead. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 