hey, what's going on guys? today i'll show you a supernatural horror thriller film, the spell. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. mark is a successful businessman with a happy family of four. but one day, a bad news tells him that his father has just passed away. busy with his business, though, he has to put aside everything at hand and rushes to the funeral held in his hometown. in a hurry, mark decides to fly his private jet back. but unluckily, they get caught up in a huge thunderstorm, which crashes the airplane into a deep valley of nowhere. mark wakes up later from the accident, only to find himself laying on bed in some unknown place. he tries hard to get up against the great pains on his foot, but he's soon discouraged by a family who have to force him to lay down on bed, against his attempt to search his family members. the old lady blows towards his face some kind of white powder, causing him to faint down. then the old couple makes a puppet that used on mark, and continues to play some witchcraft on the puppet. when mark wakes up again, he begs the old lady to call him an ambulance. he promises to pay how much ever it costs, while the old lady just tells him that money will not work in this village. instead, she hands a puppet over to mark. it said the puppet has been charmed with magic power, and it'll safeguard mark against any evils outside. with no clues of what had happened, mark decides to search out under cover of the heavy rain at night. and from the rooftop he gets a glimpse of a mystical ceremony held by the old couple with their magic power to cure the blind to see and the dumb to speak. once the blind gets cured in his eyes, he draws everybody's attention to the rooftop. remark gets a narrow escape back into his previous room before the old witch comes to check him for any disorder. but she may have known the truth from the open window. the second morning, mark is fed with some meat. after he finishes, he checks the strange finger bones and gets to know that these bones belong to his son, who had malformed his one finger while playing basketball. feeling astonished, he assumes that his son might have been killed. so instead of waiting for death, he tries to sneak out, searching in the woods for his rest family. in the valley of nowhere, he finds the aircraft debris. finally, the aircraft was torn into pieces with human blood scattered. but he can't see any side of her daughter and wife, not even their dead bodies. meanwhile, since mark is found missing by the old witch, she orders the whole family to hunt out for him. mark, down on his luck, is soon brought back and locked up in the farmhouse again. this time he's nailed up on the foot to prevent him from escape. despite that, mark endures the great pains pull out the big, bloody nail. he's later set himself free to the window, where he feels shocked by three tune-like pileups, which he assumes to be his family members. but it turns out they're just the animal bodies buried there. feels easy a little bit. he then turns to search the basement, where he finds a book and gets to know the witch family's secret of how to take control of people by use of puppets. he also learns from the book how to remove the witch curse. beside that, he also finds his son's cell phone there and takes it away. once he notices the witch family comes back, without good chance to escape, yet, he chooses to return back and puts the big nail back to his foot under huge pains. in this way, he makes the witch believe that he's always nailed to the bed. after everything is checked as safe as normal, the witch family leaves the room satisfied. but right after they're leaving, mark pulls out the nail and calls the police for help with the phone. there comes soon a police patrol car outside. but the witch plays her magic power on mark's puppet immediately, so that she could seal up mark's mouth, right before the police can notice anything unusual. however, while the witch family is out dealing with the police, mark locates his puppet and takes it away. he escapes out and gets picked up in a police car where he's supposed to be safe finally. but he then finds himself brought back by the police, who's also been controlled by the witch. mark is later put onto the table waiting for the surgery of his heart to be transplanted into an old man with heart disease. but right before the surgery mark, who's already learned how to control the witch power, frees himself from the magic seizure and kills the old man instead, with his family being found and released. mark fights hard against the witch family. when he's choked by a tough guy, mark manages to drown him by throwing his puppet down to a well. mark then plays the same witchcraft on the old lady, who gets a to faint first, and then gets punched, flying far away with a puppet of her own. in the end of the story, mark sets a big fire on the evil house and puts an end to the evil which family as well, whereas he saves his own family of four out of this disaster successfully. this is daniel cc. movie review. peace out. 