hello and welcome back to 10 minute movies, where we take cinematic masterpieces, and, more often, disasters, and cut them down into short, digestible videos. today we're taking a look at the fifth film on the Bond franchise, You Only Live Twice. [Music], you only live twice was released in 1967, during the height of the Cold War. and the plot is appropriately filled following a ploy to start a Soviet American nuclear war. the film was a roaring success in the box office, with fans of bond ranking You Only Live Twice among the best in the series. so without further ado, let's get into the plot. the film starts with a NASA spacecraft. the rocket called Jupiter 16, is completing an orbit of the earth when an unidentified object appears on its radar. the object eventually comes close enough for the astronauts to be able to see it, and they discover that it is, in fact, another spacecraft. as it draws ever closer, the nose of the craft opens as it prepares to engulf cheaper to 16. this hijacks the NASA vehicle and also cuts off its communication with Cape Canaveral, causing panic at the White House. this leads to a summit between the American, Soviet and British governments to discuss the disappearance of the rocket. this being the Cold War, the Americans suspect the Soviets of foul play. however, the British government suspect the Japanese are involved, since they track the spacecraft coming down to earth over the Sea of Japan. to investigate, mi6 send agent James Bond to Tokyo to work alongside the Japanese Secret Service. on his arrival, Bond attends a sumo wrestling match where he's approached by Japanese Secret Service agent Aki ackee. then takes bond to a tokyo-based mi6 operative named dick Oh Henderson. at his house, bonden dick Oh share a drink together, and Henderson reveals that he has critical evidence about the rocket. but before he can elaborate further, he stabbed by an assassin through the paper-thin walls. Bond chases after and kills the assailant. then he takes the man's clothes as a disguise and goes to the man's getaway car. once in the car, he pretends to be injured so he doesn't have to speak the assassins accomplice then drives them back to presumably where they came from, which turns out to be the headquarters of Asato chemicals. bombs subdues the driver of the car, then breaks into the building and infiltrates the Chairman's office. there, he manages to break into mr. Osato safe and steal secret documents. on his way out, though, bond sets off an alarm and is pursued by armed security. luckily, though, he's rescued by a key and the to drive to an abandoned subway station. once there, a key freeze inside the building, away from one bond follows after her, but falls down a hidden trapdoor, which leads to the office of Tiger Tanaka. Tiger is the head of the Japanese Secret Service, and agrees to help bond. the two examined the stolen documents, where they find a receipt for 500 kilograms of liquid oxygen used in the production of rocket fuel. they also find a photograph of a cargo ship called the Ningpo. the photo of the Ningpo contains a microdot message explaining that the tourists who took the photo was killed as a security precaution. bonden Tanaka then traveled to Tanika spar their bond meets with Aki again. having developed feelings for one another, the pair kiss and bomb carries a key to bed. the next day, bond goes back to Asato chemicals to meet mr. Osato himself. bond pretends to be a potential new buyer and probes a Sato about the sale of liquid oxygen. a Sato humors bond, but after the meeting, he orders his secretary, helga brand to have bond killed. on his way out. assassins open fire on bond, but fortunately, Aki is there to rescue him again. and the to drive to the port where the Ningpo is docked. there they investigate the dock and discovered that the ship is delivering chemicals for rocket fuel. however, they're discovered, and a chase begins, during which Aki manages to escape. Bond harbour is captured. and when he wakes up, he finds himself tied up in Helga Brandt's cabin aboard. the ninky brant interrogate spawned before kissing him. she pretends she wants to escape from a sato with bond. and so the next day the two fly in a plane to Tokyo. however, it's revealed that she was tricking bond, and she sets off a flare in the plane, seals bond in his seat and bails out in an attempt to finally kill him. Bowden, though, manages to escape the trap and land the plane. he then escapes before it explodes. [Music]. the following day, bond meets with Tanaka again. Tiger shows bond a much more recent photo of the Ningpo and when compared to the original found in esatas office, the water line on the boat is considerably lower down, meaning that she must have been emptied of her cargo. bond decides to investigate the Ningpo and finds the place where she was last in using a weaponized autogyro provided to him by mi6, his gadget master q, bond flies out over an island near a volcano. on the island, bond is attacked by four helicopters, which he is able to defeat thanks to his array of weaponry. the attack, though does confirm his suspicions that the enemy base is nearby. later that day, a Soviet spacecraft is then captured in orbit by another unidentified craft, which further heightens tensions with the US. the mysterious spaceship lands in a secret base hidden inside the volcano bomb was flying over early. [Music]. inside the base, it turns out that the mastermind behind the rocket kidnappings is Ernst Stavro Blofeld, the mysterious leader, or number one, of Spectre. last seen and Thunderball, it is revealed that Specter have been hired by China to start a Soviet American war in order for them to destroy each other, so that China can replace them as the world's new leading superpower. Blofeld then some susato and brandt to his office, who are revealed to be specter agents, to answer for not having killed bond. esatto immediately blames brandt, so Blofeld kills her by dropping her into a pool filled with piranhas. Blofeld then orders Asato to kill bomb bomb then meets Tanaka and Aki at Tigers ninja school, where they plan to infiltrate Bo Feld's island by disguising bond and tigers men as Japanese fishermen. they then planned to send a hundred ninjas as well as Tiger himself to attack the island of dust. the night before the mission, a Spectre assassin infiltrates bonds sleeping quarters and tries to poison bond while he and a Kia sleeping. however, bond rolls over in his sleep, causing a key to accidentally ingest the poison. instead, bond wakes up and kills the assassin, but is unable to prevent a key from dying. following a second attempt on his life by another assassin, this time disguised as a ninja, bond is taken to meet kisi Suzuki, who is to act as his wife during the disguise. the two then head to the island and follow a lead together. a few days prior, an island girl was killed while swimming in a cave. the death was very suspicious, so the pair investigator cave, where they find it to be booby-trapped with poisonous gas. they also discover that the cave is directly below the volcano, and so bond surmises that the base must be inside the volcano. because of this, he and kisi climbed to the crater, where they discovered that the mouth of the volcano is a disguised hatch to the secret rocket base. bond slips inside the base. while kiss he goes to alert Anika. inside the base, bond discovers that Specter are targeting one final American launch that they believe, if disturbed, will trigger the beginning of the war. bond then manages to locate and free the captured American and Soviet astronauts, and with their help, steals a spacesuit in an attempt to infiltrate the spektr spacecraft responsible for the kidnappings. however, Blofeld spots bond miss handling his equipment on CCTV, and he's captured before he can board the spacecraft. bond is taken to the control room where he meets bow fell face to face for the first time. there, Blofeld reveals his plan to bond and then kills Asato to demonstrate the price of failure to bond. bond is taken away. while the specter rocket takes off, it begins to close in on the new American spacecraft. and the US. government prepared to launch a nuclear attack on the Soviet Union. meanwhile, the team of ninjas trained by Tanika arrived at the bases entrance, but are detected and shot at. bond manages to briefly open the hatch, which allows some of the ninjas inside the base. once inside, they begin to attack the spectre personnel. during the ensuing battle, bond fights his way back to the control room and kills one of Blofeld's bodyguards by tossing him into the Piranha pool. he then activates the specter rockets self-destruct mechanism before it can reach the American craft, which destroys it. the Americans promptly stand down their nuclear forces. having been beaten, Blofeld activates the bases self-destruct system, which is a bomb that triggers a volcanic eruption blow field. then manages to escape while the base begins to destroy itself. bond, Kissy Tanaka and the surviving ninjas managed to leave before the eruption destroys the base. and bonding kisi managed to make their way to a life guard. the two kiss, and the screen fades to black as the para literally picked up by a submarine. thank you so much for watching 10 minute movies. if you've enjoyed this video, then make sure to subscribe by clicking on the ten on the screen for more videos like this one. see you all later. [Music]. 