welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about jennifer's body. anita needy lesnicki, once an insecure and studious teenager living near devil's kettle, minnesota, is now a violent mental inmate who narrates the story as a flashback while in solitary confinement. since childhood, she had been friends with jennifer czech, a popular cheerleader, despite having little in common. one night, jennifer takes needy to a local dive bar to attend a concert by indie rock band. low shoulder, a suspicious fire engulfs the bar, killing several people. in shock, jennifer agrees to leave with the band, despite needy's protests. later that evening, jennifer, covered in blood, appears in needy's kitchen and attempts to eat food from the refrigerator. she immediately vomits a trail of black, spiny fluid and leaves in a hurry. the next morning, at school, jennifer appears fine and dismisses needy's concerns. while the town is devastated by the deaths caused by the fire, jennifer seduces the school's football captain in the woods and disembowels him. meanwhile, the members of low shoulder gain popularity due to their falsely rumored heroism during the fire, and offered to make a charity appearance at the school's spring formal. a month later, jennifer has become pale. she accepts a date with school goth emo colin, whom she brutally kills, while needy and her boyfriend chip have sex. needy senses something dreadful has happened. she leaves in a panic and almost runs over jennifer, who is drenched in blood. at home, she again encounters jennifer, who explains that low shoulder had taken her into the woods after the bar fire and offered her as a virgin sacrifice to satan in exchange for fame and fortune. although the sacrifice and demonic exchange were a success, jennifer was not actually a virgin, so she became permanently possessed. leaving the woods, jennifer had encountered an exchange student leaving the scene of the fire and made him her first victim. jennifer states that when she has eaten, she can withstand virtually any injury without pain, healing instantly. the following day, needy goes to the school library's occult section and determines that jennifer is a succubus who must feed on flesh and can only be killed while she is hungry and weak. needy tells chip about her discoveries about jennifer and warns him not to attend the school dance. he does not believe her, so she breaks up with him in order to protect him. chip decides to attend the dance anyway, but is intercepted by jennifer, who takes him to an abandoned pool house and begins feeding on him. needy arrives there and fights jennifer. chip impales jennifer through the stomach with a pool skimmer, but jennifer removes it and escapes, while chip dies. needy goes to jennifer's home and breaks into her bedroom. she fights jennifer and stabs her in the heart with a utility knife, killing her and destroying the demon. jennifer's mother enters and finds needy on top of her daughter's body. soon after, media is brought to an asylum. in her asylum room, she manifests some of jennifer's supernatural powers, such as super strength and the ability to levitate due to a non-fatal bite from jennifer. during the fight between them, she escapes the mental facility, hitchhikes a ride to the hotel where low shoulder are staying and murders them. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 