Hello Everyone! This is Mr. Brain Junkie Here, and Today we'll be talking about an action fantasy film called the tales of Wukong, be ready for some spoilers ahead! A long time ago, There's a machine in the heavens called the destiny Astrolabe, that is capable of controlling the fates of mortals. When the goddess Nwa saved the world by sealing the sky with a sacred stone, a Giant was also born from it's remainders. The monster refused to accept his fate, and fought against the heavens in order to destroy the destiny astrolabe. The celestial armies were able to defeat the giant and scatter his body across the land, where eventually it became the flower mountain and the heart stone gave life to the monkey demon. However, the Destiny Astrolabe summons a series of disasters that left the flower mountain in ruins, and the monkey demon swears to take vengeance on the heavens. The main character WuKong arrives at the immortal's academy, where the head master will select individuals worthy of entering the heaven and becoming immortal. Instead of attending the ceremony, he steals food from the kitchen, which causes the captain of the guards to not receives his food from the server. The man bullies the girl and escalates the situation to where he attacks her with his weapon, but luckily, a recent graduate, Juanlian, protects her from the devastating hit. This only makes the soldier angrier, and Juanlian gets knocked across the room. However, the captain gets kicked by another Deity named AhZi, and she embarrasses him in front of the crowd. The man becomes furious and sends the guards to attack the girl, but they are quickly tossed aside by Wukong, who grabs onto the captain and kicks him through the tables. Numerous guards arrive into the room and surrounds Wukong, but he summons his weapon from his ear, which turns into a staff that's made from lava. The soldiers charge at the man, but he summons the flames from the weapon, which causes a huge explosion that sends the enemies flying backwards. General Hua of the celestial army is notified of the fight in the ceremony, and sends her right hand man Tien to resolve the situation. Wukong looks at the soldiers lying on the floor and smirks in satisfaction, but quickly senses the incoming danger as Tien flys in to attack him with numerous daggers. Wukong is able to counter the strikes, but the numerous blades make it difficult for him to land any direct hit. The blade master sends numerous daggers towards Wukong that turns into a giant tornado, surrounding him in a twister of blades. After being cornered with no way out, Wukong slams the staff onto the floor, and it begins growing to an incredible size that eventually hits the ceiling. He kicks the massive weapon as it drops towards Tien, breaking open the flying blades. The blade master dodges the attack, but Wukong grabs the staff and hurls it at the opponent, Forcing Tien to leap into the air. AhZi tells them to stop, but WUkong is unable to withdraw his attack that's heading her way. The weapon slams into the girl, but she appears to have stopped it with one finger. However, it turns out that another man stopped the attack using one hand while trying to protect the girl, and he calls himself Erlang. The man reveals his right arm that's imbued with godly powers and punches the giant staff towards Wukong, which breaks the weapon as it flys backwards. Wukong retracts the staff and leaps into the air, planning to destroy his opponent with a final attack, but Erlang charges towards the man and proceeds to land a devastating punch that throws the main character into the walls, knocking him out in the process. The guards are able to capture Wukong and lock him into the cells, while the head master apologizes profusely towards General Hua for the incident. AhZi arrives as well and begins complaining about why his friend Erlang was also imprisoned alongside Wukong, since all he did was stop the fight. The general explains that Erlang disobeyed her orders by fighting, when she only commanded Tien to resolve the situation. It turns out that AhZi is the daughter of the general, but their relationship is clearly strained as the girl dislikes her mother's habit of imposing her will onto everyone. At the same time, the two men are locked into the same prison, and Wukong complains about how their previous fight was unfair since it was two on one. He demands to fight Erlang again, but when the man refuses, Wukong begins insulting Erlang's mother who was punished by the general for loving a mortal. This infuriates the man, and just before they start fighting again, the general arrives to the prison accompanied by Tien. She unchains Erlang and tells him to wait for her in the council, while Wukong continues to complain about why his rival was set free. The general takes out the crown of binding and puts it on the head of the prisoner. She begins chanting and the crown shrinks, causing immense pain to Wukong as he screams on the floor, eventually fainting to the pressure. She give her daughter the scepter capable of controlling the crown and tells AhZi to keep the man under supervision at all times. Wukong begins dreaming about his past, and it turns out that he was the demon monkey created by the heart stone. A deity took pity on him and saved him from dying, but also sealing his powers inside the human form in order to save him from the wrath of gods. At the same time, General Hua lectures Erlang about his unwillingness to let go of human emotions, which prevents him from opening his third eye that would grant him immense powers She tells him to forget about his mother and Ahzi, so that he may become a true deity. Wukong wakes up finding himself with Ahzi, and swears that he'll regain freedom by removing the bindings. He screams at her in anger, but when Azhi takes out the scepter, Wukong quickly bows down to the girl, trying to avoid the pain that he experienced before. He goes to a seminar where the headmaster is showing the students how the heaven works. They cross the bridge that separates the realm from the mortals, which the man claims would take away their powers once they fall into the waters. The room eventually leads to the Destiny Astrolabe, where all mortal affairs are controlled by the machine. General Hua begins lecturing the crowd abut the history of the heaven, and purposely speaks about the annihilation of flower mountain in order to test Wukong's true objective for being here. the monkey demon becomes furious at hearing the woman's compassionless rant, but before he can do anything hasty, AhZi interrupt her mother and publicly disagrees with her ideals. She argues that heaven is supposed to represent justice, and questions how destroying someone's home can represent such ideal? The general states that everything is done according to the Destiny Astrolabe, which is the ultimate justice. After purposely enraging the monkey demon, general Hua confirms that the demon who attacked the heavens before still lives on inside Wukong, and orders Tien to retrieve the heart stone by killing him. Wukong manages to trick Juanlian and knocks him out while taking his key that opens the gates to the councils. He jumps on the bridge of destiny, planning to destroy the astrolabe, freeing all the mortals from their predestined fates, but Erlang stops him from his attacks and warns him about breaking the laws the man takes out his sword and charges at the monkey demon, stabbing the the staff and freezing it's fire elements. He throws Wukong on the floor, and continues to strike him with a fury of slashes, but the demon manages to dodge all the attacks. Their fight begins to damage the bridge itself which causes a storm to arise. AhZi realizes that something is wrong, when she finds Juanlian unconscious in the kitchen with the keys missing. Tien joins the fight against Wukong at the order of the general, and the two begins attacking the demon together with multiple strikes and overpowers Wukong with their combined efforts. AhZi arrives at the bridge with Juanlian, and tries to tell them to stop, but Wukong strikes the floor and enlarges the staff after being cornered, which destroys the structure completely. The group falls from the sky alongside the giant weapon and crashes into the land of the mortals The group survives the fall, and questions their location, but Tien realizes that they have landed on what used to be the flower mountain. The three man continues to fight each other, but soon realizes that their powers are gone after entering through the bridge of destiny. Their fights are cut short when a large cloud begins to form on top of the village, and the villagers rush into the building in fear of the demon that is about to wreak havoc on the town. The cloud monster begins taking the people as it steals the water from the humans. Tien sees a child outside and to his surprise, a woman runs to protect the boy from danger He rushes to save them and carries them inside, but gets held on by the cloud demon and pulled towards the center. Before the man can be completely consumed, Wukong grabs onto him alongside with everyone else. Ahzi shoots the cloud demon with an ice arrow that Juanlian invented, freezing the monster and forcing it to retreat. The next morning, Wukong wakes up and realizes that he's tied up by AhZi in order to prevent further fighting amongst the group. She tells Wukong and Erlang that they have to help the villagers, as the people have suffered a great deal and thinks that they are deities sent from heaven. The two refuses at first, but after seeing the misfortunes that the villagers are suffering from with their own eyes, they decide to capture the cloud demon and save the people together. Tien explains that the cloud used to be from the heavens, but wondered off and became corrupted by the demonic auras from the ruins. It took all the water from the village, therefore causing drought and preventing any crops to grow. They plan to trick the monster and capture it by projecting a sunset, and weaken it by firing ice bombs in a large cannon. The people put up all the red cloth that they have in a pattern, and soon the sky begins turning black as the demon appears over the village. They began shooting ice arrows at the sky, but that only manages to annoy the monster as it retreats temporarily. Tien grabs the torch and throws it under the field of red cloth, creating the illusion of a sunset which triggers the monster as it begins revealing it's true form. The demon approaches closer, and Wukong takes this opportunity to load up the cannon and fires directly at the demon's face. The monster freezes quickly and falls towards the city where Tien capture it by trapping it within a cage. The people begin cheering as the sky finally rains after years of drought. At night, the villagers gather together as they celebrate the victory against the demon, but Juanlian feels something wrong as ice particles began forming in the air. He notices a mysterious figure in the background, who appears in front of the people with dark aura surrounding his body. The man attacks Juanlian and sends him crashing into a building, while the people panic and run for shelter. The man follows the villagers inside and begins creating ice weapons from the air, which he unleashes at the people. More assassins arrive in front of Tien as he tries to run away, but gets stabbed by the numerous ice shards across his body. Wukong notices something wrong in the air and runs towards the town center, but when they arrive inside the building, they see that all the people are killed. Erlang arrives as well, and is shocked at what happened. They look at Juanlian who's barely alive, and he apologizes for not being able to save the villagers before he dies. Numerous assassins arrive outside the building, and Wukong charges at them in fury, trying to avenges his friends. The men fires at the monkey demon as he gets impaled by numerous ice bullets and falls to the ground. The general appears and tells them that their efforts are useless in the face of destiny, as the astrolabe has decided a long time ago that the people were meant to die. She tells them to surrender their hopes because everything is predestined. Wukong screams in rage as the the general knocks him out with a final attack. AhZi wakes up in a prison cell along with Erlang, who's accepted the rulings of the heaven. He tells her that they were wrong for disobeying destiny and trying to save the people. Wukong is imprisoned in the deepest level where he's constantly suffering from the worst pain imaginable, but refusing to die as he waits for AhZi's return. The girl goes to the monkey demon and Wukong smiles after seeing her arrival. Trying to end her friend's suffering, AhZi tells him that she despises him and that he lost everything. The flower mountain will never return and they cannot win against destiny. Feeling heartbroken and hopeless, Wukong finally gives up on life and slowly turns into dust, while leaving behind the heart stone and the scarf that he carries. AhZi promises that she'll finish her friend's mission as she drops the scarf into the flower mountain where it lands inside the village. Erlang brings the heart stone to the general, and after abandoning all emotions, he opens the third eye on his forehead and receives tremendous power. The elder Deity picks up the scarf that was dropped from heaven, and talks with the monkey demon in purgatory. The main character thinks that he lost everything, but the old man disagrees. Although Wukong has lost the heart stone, it also allowed him to abandon his mortal body. He must now decide whether if he wants to accept destiny or fight against it with his own heart. Wukong begins lifting the giant staff symbolizing his power, and resurrecting it into flames. The massive weapon breaks the ground and rises into the air as the buildings collapse around it. the monkey demon emerges from the dust, and takes on his true form as the staff unveils itself from its outer shells. He unleashes the demon cloud that he captured as it flys towards him, carrying the monkey demon into the air as they charge towards the gods. Wukong lands outside of the kingdom, as he looks upon the deities. He crashes into the building, causing a large explosion that destroys all the guards in one shot and throws the captain to the floor. He declares himself equal to the heavens and stares directly at the celestial warriors. The demon throws the staff at the soldiers and begins attacking them like a wild beast, ripping them apart one by one as he avenges the people that they killed in the village. At the same time, AhZi betrays her mother as she refuses to accept the tyranny and strike at the destiny astrolabe, trying to break it permanently. Tien arrives beside Wukong as well after surviving the attacks, and they begin destroying the armies with their combined efforts. Before long, the soldiers are quickly defeated as they are turned into dust. The general stops her daughter from sabotaging the machine as she grabs her neck and slams her in the chest, knocking her into the air with tremendous force. Wukong rushes into the room and catches the woman, as Tien prepares to fight the general to the death. He throws multiple blades at the opponent, but she blocks them easily with the metals that she use as shields. The general then throws the man's blades back at him and knocks him towards the wall, turning him into dust as he vanishes from this world. Wukong sees AhZi mortally wounded and tries to comfort her, but she tells him to not be sad, only wishing that they had more time together. The two share a last kiss and Ahzi begins disappearing into nothingness as Wukong gently lays her own the floor. The monkey demon takes Ahzi's crown while he cries and wraps the metal onto his weapon. He walks towards the general and plans to avenge all the people that she killed. The woman constructs a metallic wall around herself, but Wukong strikes it repeatedly with anger and eventually manages to overpower her magic. The general is forced to teleport them outside and begins attacking wukong with numerous blades that she created, but the demon deflects all of them easily and breaks them into pieces. Suddenly, Wukong notices that Erlang has arrived, and gets knocked away by his attack. The man no longer feels any emotions and has chosen to abandoned the memories of his friends. The two charges at each other and fights furiously as they trade blows, but Erlang gains the upper hand and pushes Wukong backwards. He summons a gigantic ice weapon that strikes Wukong, pushing him towards the mountains and crashing into the rocks. The Demon counters by launching his weapon as well, but Erlang stops it and breaks the staff pieces by piece, until he stabs Wukong in the stomach. The Monkey throws away their weapons and the two proceeds to punch each other with all their might, which causes a huge explosion that engulfs the entire area. When the dust settles, General Hua walks towards Erlang, but notices something wrong. The man begins recalling his memories after striking Wukong and sensing Ahzi's presence in the demon's heart. He cries as he realizes her death and opens his eyes, refusing to let go of Ahzi's memories and be treated as a puppet for the general's control. Seeing that Erlang has betrayed her will, The general decides to vanquish both of them by transfroming into a gigantic titan using the metals around her. Wukong recovers from the ground and summons a ball of flames that turns into his weapon. He throws the staff at the giant and leaps onto the weapon as it becomes larger. He charges towards the general, as the weapon flys closer to the titan. Erlang begins running as well and leaps onto the floating rocks, getting closer towards the enemy. He leaps towards the center of the giant and prepares his final attack, while Wukong jumps under the giant staff and swings it at the titan. Erlang punches through the center of the giant as Wukong lands a direct hit on the head. The giant staff breaks the general in half as it cuts through her body and turning her into dust. The two lands back into the building after finally destroying the general and the machine of destiny. Erlang tells Wukong that Ahzi saved him this time, but the next time they meet will be a battle to the death. Wukong turns around and accepts the challenge, as the two go their separate ways. Erlang will become the new general of the celestial army, while Wukong will gather all those unwilling to accept their fates, and wage a war against the deities that will last hundreds of years. So what do you guys think about this movie? Let me know in the comments below! and if you like my video, please press like and subscribe for more! I'll see you guys next time! 