welcome to the man of recaps. this is the Bachelorette week ten. we're going off to Greece for a fantasy suite week. that means Hanna gets to be with the guys unsupervised, no cameras. they could finally have some fun. gotta get down. first up is pilot Peter. they go on an amazing date on this sweet sailboat. he and Hannah spend the whole time making out, and he finally drops the l-bomb, honor. he's maybe my favorite right now. he's just like a really normal, nice, cool dude. it's hard to judge where Peter stands and Hannah's personal rankings. he's kind of used his pilot skills to fly under the radar. honestly, being just like a nice, normal dude could for him to victory, especially after a night in the fantasy suite. these two get it on. we came together like it's so much last night. uh, okay, yeah. maybe your rising to the top of the list. next up is Tyler. a lot of people's favorites, and I mean, he's pretty hot. their date is getting massages, and Tyler pulls a pro move, secretly sneaks the masseuses out of there and takes over in himself. he's hot and steamy, and it talks about how she's obviously, like, super physically attracted to him. unfortunately, that turns out to be a bad thing for Tyler. she's like, hey, I'm so turned on by you already. I don't want to have sex in the fantasy suite. we need to take the time to bond emotionally either place. it so cool. he's like, yeah, baby, sounds good to me. we'll take it slow, but, yeah. I mean, kind of a bummer. the next morning though, Hannah feels really good about their relationship. Tyler could definitely win this thing. next up is Jed, who has been Hanna's favorite. they have a great day doing some Greek dancing, but things get awkward when the Greeks ask them if they're truly in love and ready to get married. Hanna's like, yo, the show doesn't work that way. I've gotta wait till the last episode to decide. but Jed's a little concerned. last week at the rose ceremony, the final choice was between Jed and Luke P Jed confronts Hanna about it. he's like, look, we're falling in love, but you really couldn't choose between me and Luca P last week, he's the worst. but Hanna's just like, hey, I mean, you and I have something special, but Luke and I have something special too. the talk spills into the evening, and they end up kind of having a fight about it. but in the end, they work it out. Hanna appreciates that Jed shared his feelings with her, and they go to the fantasy suite. I thought their fight might knock Jed out of first place, but Hanna seems really into him still. I'm more sure, mr. kidnoh. and last but certainly not least, it's Luke P they go on a helicopter ride to that island with the pretty blue roofs. and I'll tell you what, they have a really good day together. I don't know what his charge is teaching him, but that boy can kiss. Luke's on his best behavior. he seems like actually a normal, good, cool guy. you know, maybe he's not that bad. we've been too hard on him this whole time. I mean, all the guys did gang up on him because he took such an early lead. and the show, you know, they use the editing to frame him in the worst possible light. so, yeah, maybe he's a great guy. oh no, here it comes so far effects. he's like, hey, my religious beliefs ex should be saved for marriage. of course, that's his whole back story about how he's had sex with thousands of girls, but apparently he's been abstaining for like three years. Hannah's a nice religious girl too, but, you know, she's not saving herself for marriage. that's no one does that anymore. and this could have been a non-issue if Luke P wasn't so awful about it. if you told me you're having sex, or you had sex with one or multiple of these guys, I'd be wanting to go home. he tries to backtrack from that, but he still keeps phrasing it like, oh, if you slipped up and made a mistake, like I would forgive you. so she's like, hold up. it's my potty. I do what I want, and I don't need your permission or forgiveness for anything. and is so mad that it's finally happening, she kicks him out right then and there. she drops the windmill bomb on him. yeah, kill you get it. and Luke P is out of there, or is he in? the next time on previews, he might be coming back. tune in next week to find out how the Luke P saga comes to an end. man, have recaps out. [Music], 