just when viewers thought that black Mara Bandersnatch had given up everything that it had to offer, Netflix just posted an enigmatic tweet that teases one more hidden ending. in that tweet, they state, think you've seen everything there is to see in Bandersnatch? try picking up the family photo twice. naturally, people in their droves wanted to know exactly what happened in this ending. so for those who don't have another spare two hours to retread Stefan's journey, I've decided to break it down. obviously, there will be spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything just yet, then I highly suggest that he turn off now. but for those who go back and pick up the photo again, they will be treated to a dream scene in which Jerome F. Davies appears and bosses step band to retread his steps and go back to pick up the book, forcing him on the right path. the scene offers more than that, with Jerome stabbing Stefan, which, if you have the volume turned up or make you jump out of you see. Jerome F. Davies is, of course, the creator of the book Bandersnatch, and is someone who killed his wife in a brutal murder due to one of the paths he picked. it's a similar to Stefan's path in which he killed his father. Netflix jokingly tweeted, you don't have to. it's not like we're controlling you. which, of course, is another nice little in joke on the show. overall, it's a cool little Easter egg that may not have been with the retread, but it's nice to know that Bandersnatch still has some secrets in it. so what are your thoughts on the hidden scene? and did you encounter it? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of the other super secret ending a Bandersnatch, which will be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who choose the right path and hit subscribe. so make sure you do to be kept up to date with all the latest TV, movie and games news. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 