[Music]. Ethan Hunt is alerted by the IMF that someone has used his identity to assist biochemical expert dr. Vladimir nekhorvich to enter the United States, only to kill him in a subsequent plane crash. nekhorvich, an old friend of Ethan, had forewarned the IMF of his arrival, planning to deliver to them a new weapon, chimera, and it's cure. Valera 'then. he was forced to develop these by bio sight pharmaceuticals. IMF determines that rogue IMF agent, Shawn Ambrose is responsible. I am F assigns Ethan to recover the virus and it's cure. it also insists that he recruits nya Nordhoff halt, a professional thief presently operating in Seville, Spain. later, Ethan finds out that she is Ambrose's ex-girlfriend. after recruiting Naya, Ethan assembles his team, computer expert Luther stickell and pilot Billy Baird in Sydney, Australia, where bio site laboratories are located, and Ambrose is staying. as Ethan stakes out bio site. nya gets close to Ambrose and begins to learn about the Chimera virus at a horse racing event. Ambrose meets with bio site CEO, John C. McCleod. he shows McCoy a video of chimera affecting one of nekhorvich his colleagues. he then blackmails McCleod into cooperating with him. nya steals video footage and transfers it to Ethan. Ethan's team learn that chimera has a 20-hour dormant period before it causes death by mass destruction of the victims red blood cells. Bellerophon can only save the victim if used within that 20 hour window. the IMF team kidnaps McCoy to force him to give up Bellerophon. however, they learned that the only samples of Bellerophon were taken by nekhorvich and are now in Ambrose's hands. Ambrose has the cure, but does not have the virus which nekhorvich injected himself with. as a result, Ambrose forced McCoy to exchange a sample of the virus for a sample of Valera v the team break into bio site to destroy the virus. Ambrose, posing as Ethan, tricks nya into revealing his plan. Ambrose captures nya and raids bio site to secure virus. Ethan is able to destroy all but one sample of the virus before Ambrose intervenes, and a firefight ensues. Ambrose orders nya to retrieve the last sample of chimera. she injects herself with it, preventing Ambrose from simply killing her to get it. Ambrose takes nya way, and Ethan escaped from the laboratory. Ambrose lets nya wander the streets of Sydney in a daze, intending to start a pandemic. he offers to sell Bellerophon to McCoy in exchange for stock options to make him the majority shareholder. he predicts that the price of biocide stock will skyrocket due to demand for Bellerophon after the chimera outbreak. Ethan infiltrates the meeting and steals the remaining samples of Bellerophon. while Ethan is pursued by Ambrose, Luther and Billie locate nya, who was wandered to a cliffside, intent on killing herself to prevent chimera from spreading. Ethan eventually gained the upper hand over Ambrose and kills him. with little time left on the twenty hour countdown. Luther reaches even takes bull air vent and injects nya with it. IMF clears Naya's criminal record, and Ethan starts his vacation with her in Sydney. [Music], 