this woman is in a room full of phones. she picked up one of the black phones. the phone said, congratulations. you won the jackpot. when she hung up, other phones rang again. [Music] said the same thing. what's even more exaggerated is that the receiver of the phone actually started to leak water. it won't take long for her to be drowned. here a movie, a story. here is the pineapple movie. please listen to me today. i bring you a thriller. electromagnetic pulse. you can never think of the direction of the movie. time passed slowly. the woman reached the toilet on the ceiling with the help of the buoyancy of the water. but the toilet flush handle is gone. she looked at the numbers on the note again and seemed to have thought of something. finally found one of the phones and dialed a number. i didn't expect to get the handle successfully, then sit on the toilet and drain the water. i thought it was a room escape game. it turns out that this is just an immersive vr game. the woman named max is an esports player. when i got home this day, the light bulb suddenly flickered. the whole city went out of power. in an instant, and the phone was also disconnected from the internet. in boredom, max went to the warehouse and searched for the book left by his grandfather. that is a book called electromagnetic pulse. she connected the old radio according to the method inside. i didn't expect to actually contact grandpa. grandpa is a doomsday mad and made a series of preparations very early. unexpectedly, the plaque turned from a science fiction movie to a doomsday max and his father went back to their hometown to find grandpa. the father and daughter wanted to take a shortcut, but it was blocked because of a car accident on the bridge. some people drove a hole directly, regardless of other people's life or death. max was scared by this scene for a long time. finally fell asleep in a daze. i woke up and found that they had already started. when my father heard it, he was distracted and ran into a car aside. both of them fainted. it's already the next morning to wake up again. max only suffered a slight head injury, but his dad's injury was not minor. in order not to make max worry that, he kept hiding the two took things and prepared to walk. i guess it won't be too far from grandpa. now, father walked slowly all the way and still smiled forcefully. but max finally discovered the anomaly of his father. ready to check it out. after opening the clothes, i discovered that my father's bones were broken. being able to go so far is already relying on firm will. but after all, my father fell down. max hurried to find someone for help. fortunately, there is a farm not far away. there is an old man here, who drove max to find his father. but soon, my father is still in the world. max was heartbroken and could only bury his father hastily. the world is no longer peaceful. now, the old man worried about max's safety and decided to send her to grandpa. but in the middle of the way, they met another person who was plotting bad things. the old man was thrown away in the wilderness. max also took the opportunity to sneak into the mountains. she met an old woman here. the old woman behaves strangely. her family is even more so. grandson, quinn, often plays with wolves. this family has always lived like this. i don't even know about the blackout outside, the old woman asked max to eat bear meat and rest here. it would be dangerous to go out so late. but max is not stupid and sweet. she knew she would be finished if she stayed. when she wanted to run, she was found and locked up. they even used max's bait to hunt bears. the old woman asked max to come out for tea the next day. i also ran out of the olive branch to her, either join in or keep being locked up. fortunately, there is also a grandson, quinn, who is barely a normal person. quinn even provided food for max and threw her backpack in. even under max's persuasion, he was going to help her leave. max knows quinn is essentially a kind person, so i persuaded him to leave with me. otherwise, sooner or later, you will be trained to be perverted. but before they finish talking, the perverted father chased after him. the two ran all the way and almost fell under the cliff. compared to a hunter, max is still too good. in order to get max to leave, quinn choose to go face to face with his dad. at this moment, grandpa came and rescued the two. according to clues as for the cause of this blackout. it doesn't matter anymore now max quinn and grandpa live in the mountains more comfortably than before. but after the movie was released, the comments were also polarized. my personal feeling is very general, because i never expected that there are so many elements in a movie the plot can be so plain and boring. okay, that's all for today's story. see you next time for more exciting 