this film tells about the life and death struggle of a woman named anna. she is a woman who is a scientist. he must face a terrible event when he is assigned to research a strange and rare disease that causes people to become depressed and many die in a laboratory located underground. this horror film is titled super deep. in 2020, google cloud text to speech enables developers to synthesize natural sounding speech with 100 plus voices available in multiple languages and variants. it applies deepmind's groundbreaking research in wavenet and google's powerful neural networks to deliver the highest fidelity possible. as an easy to use api, you can create lifelike interactions with your users across many applications and devices. it turned out that the vaccine trial was his own co-worker. anna regrets she should have tried the antivirus herself. then an officer tried to restrain him from researching the vaccine, because the vaccine was very useful to help in africa. soon depend on your vaccine. the officer promised something if he succeeded, because it is very useful for the government. the high ranking officer remained waiting, hoping to complete his research as soon as possible. you can see that you are still in shock from what happened yesterday. few days passed. in a city that was in the country of russia. at that time, anna and her friends were celebrating new year's eve. it looks like they really enjoyed the fun. that night, anna received a call from the officer earlier. the officer said that there was a strange occurrence at a geological research facility. the facility is at a depth of twelve thousand meters from ground level. the well is very deep. according to the workers there, they heard a strange sound. and the mission for anna is to take samples of the disease of people who are still in the laboratory. the place is actually illegal, before the closure from the government, and let the humanitarian mission let who handle it, said the officer. after anna fed him, anna asked some guards to escort him. anna and a group of soldiers rushed to a laboratory facility located in a remote place. after a few hours passed, they arrived at their destination, leaving at the base. the other soldiers were already there, dunno what's going on. suddenly, ana's group saw a strange incident. looks like someone wants to attack the group that came. turns out he was a laboratory employee walking towards the helicopter. the man was carrying a grenade. under these circumstances, the soldiers were ready to shoot. then suddenly, it turns out that the shot from another soldier can paralyze the man. and suddenly, that person just blew himself up. luckily, they survived the explosion. anna gets a little wound from the broken glass. anna immediately took samples from the bodies that had been destroyed by the grenade. while anna was doing her job, she was approached by a major. meanwhile, another soldier told the officer what had happened there. the person who blew himself up was a worker in the laboratory. and that person came out of the underground facility depressed and frustrated. anna was curious and immediately wanted to check on the other workers. the worker said, don't go there. better not to do it. there is like hell. then anna and major met with peter. he is the deputy head of laboratory research. cena soldier said that the head of research laboratory named grigoriev wanted to meet them. they met in a car headed for the first elevator door. grigoriev didn't like how many soldiers came. anna had time to ask why they were locked up and not allowed to go up, and why the elevator password was changed. the head of research only said that you should focus on evacuating people who have not been infected with this strange disease. then they arrived at the main door. they took them to the place. after arriving, they had to walk down the hall to the main elevator. after logging in their elevator immediately entered the code. the first code failed. the second failed. only one more time left. the head of the research team named karemik gregoria, managed to enter the correct code. and they were ready to use the elevator to go to a depth of six thousand meters. they were quite tense with the high speed elevator. as the elevator shook more and more, the head of research said that it was just the effect of air pressure. in fact, it opened the air holes in the elevator to be bigger, make them all faint temporarily. meanwhile, grigoriev who was ready to wear a mask, was able to survive the situation. he immediately took the elevator keys and went into hiding. a few moments later, they finally realized they didn't see grigoriev and the elevator keys were missing. it looks like the officer is angry with the grigori because he has sabotaged them. because with the elevator key, they can't go back to the surface. he immediately took the elevator keys and went into hiding. a few moments later, they finally realized they didn't see grigoriev and the elevator keys were missing. it looks like the officer is angry with grigoria because he's been sabotaging them, because with the elevator key, they can't go back to the surface. they started to check the surroundings. the deputy head of research explained the floor plan of the facilities in the basement. to get to the second elevator, you have to go down the hall and where their scientists had to use another elevator to get to a depth of 12 000 meters. in conducting a search elsewhere, they found two people in a room. and it turns out they are a doctor named kira, and nikolai, he's a mechanic. they wait for evacuation to rise to the surface. then anna immediately checked the mechanical condition. who knows she has been infected with the disease. but anna did not find anything unusual in the blood sample. i didn't find anything out of the ordinary. they continued to check other rooms. [Music] anna was unsure because she couldn't find any signs of being infected with the virus. unexpectedly, from an elevator, grigoriev appeared. he told anna and the others to hurry back upstairs. apparently, anna prefers to tell the soldiers where grigoriev is. suddenly, even though he was shot, gregor managed to escape, trying to use the locked tunnel to get to the deepest lap. and then at the tunnel door, they saw writings that seemed like written by employees, which indicated that there was indeed something mysterious there, which is never satisfied. [Music], after the tunnel door was successfully opened, they also prepared themselves by wearing heat resistant clothing. soon they opened their own closed doors, and from outside, there was a frail woman walking towards them. as the other members continue their journey. anna checks the condition of the woman, who is known to be from the deepest laboratory. they were surprised because he managed to survive the high temperature place. anna tried to ask what happened to the woman. she was olga's assistant in the laboratory downstairs. he just kept quiet. [Music]. anna checks the condition of this woman's body, which looks like she has a fever, very terrible wound. the woman looks infected with something. after opening the back, it was seen that he had an oddity on his back. olga didn't feel any pain. anna tries to take a sample from her back. instead of feeling sick, olga actually felt cold after the sample. anna tries to find out what it really is. and it turns out that something that is eating away at olga as a parasite in the form of a fungus. but the type of mushroom he found was a type of mushroom that i had never known. feel that the level of this mushroom is at the strongest level. then olga, who was already helpless, experienced a change in her body. seeing these changes, anna was confused about what to do the algae. was then transferred to another room, again, experiencing other symptoms. the doctor named kira was afraid of everything that happened to olga. they were on guard in case the situation might get worse. after a while, it was declared safe. suddenly, anna saw olga's condition. even more strange, the doctor thinks, seeing olga, is scared. and finally, anna helps monitor olga's behavior. olga looks in pain and wants to kill herself by banging her body against the wall. suddenly, the head of research appeared with a loud speaker, because he had already taken the elevator key with him. he hoped that he would be able to rise to the surface himself. he stated that you will all die here because he wants to blow up the main shaft. when anna searched for the source of the research head's voice, suddenly an explosion occurred. luckily, he survived. then the mechanical engineer found anna and took her to safety. the mechanic and the lieutenant colonel got into a fight because of what he said to the major. you're afraid of riot's head. after returning to peace, the major then sent the others to the main axis room. then the major ordered to disperse soldiers go first to the lower shaft elevator. meanwhile, accompanied by the lieutenant colonel, he was ordered to search the room, maybe if someone else finds it, or can find the head of the research after the explosion, anna then stopped in a room, and slowly, the soldier with the rank of lieutenant colonel opened it. while in the room looks messy, full of muddy, made both of them aware of the possibilities that could happen. it turned out that the room was filled with mold, until the fungus covered most of the room. and apparently, the fungus comes from a human body that has been destroyed. anna told the situation. then anna said, don't go in and open the door first. anna finally took samples of the fungal spots on the body. not long after, the lieutenant colonel tried to help anna take a sample. unexpectedly, the visible bubble finally burst and released a large number of spores on the lieutenant colonel. the soldier fainted, while anna was trying to save herself. the big explosion. because all the rooms are filled with spores, and the room becomes dark but fortunately, anna managed to get a mask. it was suspected that she met a doctor who was already in a pathetic condition. anna tried to stay in the room. while anna was walking in the dark, due to the spore smoke, she fell and fainted for a while. he dreams of meeting a strange person. then anna woke up and got a fire extinguisher. anna then sprays the door so the spores don't come out when the door is open. after exiting the mechanical head, who was already outside, he immediately sprayed fire extinguishing gas to neutralize his body from the spores on his face. looks pale. she is short of breath because she survives in a room full of smoke without using oxygen. anna then cleans the body because it sucks a lot of spores from the explosion earlier. then anna entered the sample she got, which had managed to retrieve it at the time of the incident. anna examines the leckel affected by the fungal infection. then anna told the officer that the mushroom can survive in hot temperatures, just as olga complained of being cold. eating the fungus will release spores before it finally dies in cold temperatures. anna told him to bring in a team of experts because it would be very difficult if he had to carry out inspections in extreme heat, which is located at the bottom of the underground. the officer said that no other team would go there. actually, the facility will be permanently closed in five hours. they must quickly complete their mission to go to a depth of 12 kilometers. anna said that the sample could not be carried because it would be destroyed if it was exposed to cold temperatures. but anna was desperate because the doctor thought it would and died while the lieutenant colonel could not be brought upstairs. major continues to encourage anna. if the world needs like anna, this is not war, the ordinary world was destroyed because of this. major said, our major must persevere onward from dying in vain, while the anna will continue to travel to the bottom. parent meanwhile, lieutenant colonel also plans to join a team with anna. but the other troop team, edgarov, told the lieutenant colonel in a panic, he told me to open the door. sounds like they're asking for help. lieutenant colonel was angry and wanted to help immediately by opening the door. but others promise and forbid it because it is very dangerous to open the door. deputy head of research that if we go to the module, the hope is slimmer for us to survive. after the soldiers change into anti-scalding clothes, they opened the door from another door. after it was opened, several soldiers came forward to explore. and there was a gunshot. the sound was from the gunshots of the group that went first. the group of anna was told to stop first. and he saw the soldier was injured and took him inside. the soldier was asked by anna, who did you shoot? after a few minutes, another soldier came staggering with his hands after the door was opened, they waited for another team, the team that originally asked for help. together with the sound of gunfire, he says, actually, don't open it, because there is a strange creature trying to chase it. and the creature knows their whereabouts, creatures who are now hunting them. in the midst of a panic situation, suddenly, the strange creature is heard chasing them. there are several soldiers trying to block the creature whose shape is not yet clear. at that time, the lieutenant colonel suddenly began to feel the effects of the fungus that had spread in his body. he groaned in pain because of his body temperature. because he was panicking, they backed away and ran away from the creature. anna still brought the lieutenant colonel. [Music], anna is afraid that she will have the same fate as olga. and the doctor thought, give me a minute. at that time, the lieutenant colonel suddenly began to feel the effects of the fungus that had spread in his body. he groaned in pain as his body temperature rose. the other soldiers continued to repel the creature. mechanical engineers eventually used to repair elevators. with a heavy heart, they left sergey and the other soldiers to confront the creature. finally, the elevator lit up and left the soldiers at high speed. they glided the magnitude of the high air pressure they felt as they approached a depth of 12 kilometers. mechanics trying to reactivate the brakes in the elevator failed. anna tries to help, and the elevator finally breaks, and they all survive, arriving at the deepest laboratory, they saw the surrounding situation, which was full of icy snow. in that place, they found a tool like a musical instrument. out of curiosity, the coconut laboratory representative played the cassette tape. from the recording came a statement from the head of research, who was the founder of the facility. in the laboratory, he deeply regrets that the project he made was disturbed by the figure of a creature that is thousands of years old. all this time, the creature was held back by a layer of ice beneath the ground. the head of the research also said that the creature was already able to adapt to the environment. and if the creature came to the surface, it would certainly be a big threat to mankind. the ice age could actually stop this creature. sooner or later, this creature used to break out and threaten the entire world, because it can control the muscular and nervous systems and melt everything together. because warm temperatures are a place for that creature power. said gregoria, the chief mechanic, informed that the cooling system had failed. without cooler, our clothes are useless. the outdoor temperature reaches 200 degrees. after hearing the recording, they wanted to find grigore's whereabouts. he was knocked out because he was running with the keys to the elevator. they were very difficult for those who were going to the end of the land, which was 300 meters away, with a temperature of 200 degrees, then c mustache delivers. if without a cooling system, people can only last about five minutes. the officer intended to carry out the search himself. he said goodbye to anna and the others because this was an officer's job with the risk of being roasted to death. the officer finally went out after five minutes past. anna looked worried because the officer had not yet returned. unexpectedly, anna actually did extreme actions without any protective clothing. she tried to go out to find the officer's whereabouts. from a distance, she could see a path that the laboratory representative had said which the road is connected by a bridge. what is certain is that the temperature where the child is standing is really hot. by enduring the extreme heat, anna suddenly saw the officer lying in the middle of the lane. when i tried to approach him, it turned out that the officer had been burned to death. luckily, he got the elevator key. nana rushes back inside. anna looking hot, and the chief mechanic helps anna with his action earlier. but suddenly, the deputy chief shot the mechanic's leg, forced them to give the keys to the elevator. apparently he wanted to be famous for this great invention. he kept insisting. and finally, the key was given by the mechanic. the deputy head hurriedly left the two of them, but he finally took them and told anna and the mechanic to go first with the injured leg. anna helped the mechanic walk. when they got there, they headed to the main elevator to return to the surface. they saw that the tunnel door was now broken. again, peter, the deputy chief, ordered the mechanic to go check it out. finally, anna, who was told by the priest, to look around the tunnel that connects to the elevator. slowly. anna look at the conditions around the elevator. anna finds a gun. when you try to take it, the father knows it. anna had time to ask about the mechanical condition of the priest. father only answered, maybe he was dead. but suddenly, the creature appeared from behind and devoured the painter. then you get a knife not far from where it is. anna turned out to be in a food cooler room. apparently, the creature continues to look for anna. very afraid, anna continues to hide. many human bodies became one in that strange monster's body, so that anna doesn't get hot and gets the virus. then she takes off her clothes so that her body is cold. he instead, saw a bucket filled with cold water and immediately splashed it all over his body. a few moments later, anna came out of the room to dare to face him. then suddenly he saw the elevator keys stuck to the bodies of many humans clinging to the monster. yes, trying to take it very easily without knowing it, because the body is cold due to the ice water earlier. after the key, yes get, anna rushed to the elevator. then he found the mechanic unconscious. anna wakes him up and takes him to the elevator. but suddenly, on the way, apparently, the creature broke into the room and continued to chase anna. in the mechanic they ran as fast as they could to the elevator. luckily, they managed to get into the elevator first. [Music]. when closing the elevator, the strange monster entered a little and was cut off by the elevator door. they were shocked when they found that the piece in the elevator was the lieutenant colonel, who had no shape, only the faces of the other bodies were covered with mushrooms. knowing anna was nearby, he spoke telling anna to just kill him to get rid of his suffering. anna confused what to do. anna feel that they should not go to the surface. they will only spread a very dangerous fungus to all humans on earth. but apparently the mechanic did not agree. moreover, he did not want to die in that place. the mechanic is angry, in anger, he just wants to destroy the elevator. he tried to change the wrong code. it could be seen from his face that the leckel was annoyed and angry at the treatment of anna. then he strangled anna and wanted to kill anna. then anna takes the elevator key and intends to enter the wrong code three times so the elevator will descend quickly, but his efforts were clearly opposed by the mechanic. lieutenant colonel seemed to want to help. he groaned and tried to wriggle. in the end, he was able to move his own bones, and he managed to stab the mechanic in the neck to death. anna, who has sucked a lot of spores, now feels tightness and has difficulty breathing. in a state of panic, he survives and tries to enter the wrong code. he tried one time and failed. the second time failed. and when he only had one left, there was pressure, and he was already weak and passed out. and unexpectedly, the elevator had even reached the surface. after arriving, the door opened and anna was rescued by the rescue team. after exiting in a matter of three the automatic system immediately blew up the elevator. anna was then taken by car with the captain and other officers away from the place. in the middle of the trip, anna was able to grab a grenade, and the car stopped and everyone got out. all the guards were ready to secure the anna who was carrying the grenade earlier, and anna immediately killed herself. summary, in this film is a woman who is brave and manages to uncover a secret state research place. he was willing to end his own life for the sake of research that threatens the safety of all humans on earth 