listen, there's always been this big hype around Mary Poppins, who still has that perfect score on Rotten Tomatoes, for those who care about that. but this was the only Disney film nominated for Best Picture while Walt was still alive, as a record for the most Disney wins. but as beloved as this story of a nanny is, this wholesome tale, are y'all really gonna tell me that she's not pushing? let me explain. now, the most interesting part to me about the original Mary Poppins is the backstory to it. you know, originally was a book by Pio travers, who was a very strict lady, and had very strict rules about the adaptation of her book. I mean, we're talking about a single lady who adopted when she was 40. but when she saw that the baby was a twin, she she declined the BOGO and just took the one. and the rest of that story is the complete opposite of magical, if you read up on it. so it was obvious that Pio Travers wasn't gonna like the adaptation. you know, they even made a whole movie about how she really didn't like the adaptation, which, ironically, stars Emma Thompson, who played a very similar nanny in another movie. well, it's funny that the movie covering a problem that someone had with Disney is made by Disney. I thought it was interesting to see the perspective of why Travers held the book so close to her, because to her, it was the story of her father struggling to raise them, how if he just had a little help by someone coming out of the blue, maybe things would have turned out differently. but Disney put in dancing penguins instead. so the first person we see in this movie is this dude named Bert who has like 25 different jobs. he's not only breaking the fourth wall and talking to the audience, but considering he's the one guy who knows Mary Poppins, I'm a little iffy if she's even real, because, you know, this guy's not completely there. [Music]. we then meet the banks family, who's literally falling apart because their neighbor is always blowing a cannon. but we see that their kids are so bad, nannies are just quitting left and right, and I'm blaming this all on the parents. mrs. banks is pushing forward the suffragette movement, and she's all about that, but she can't push her kids to be well-mannered. mr. banks is always all on about being on schedule, but this is an entire musical before he realizes his kids are missing. so when they decide to put on an ad for a new nanny, be it the magic of Walt himself, Mary Poppins flies in and literally blows away the competition to get the spot. and here's how I know that Mary's popping other things on the side. you know how the keys in Atlanta always looks down on people every time he says, you know, crazy mansions, like an invisible car and stuff like that? well this lady does the same thing, right? like this lady sliding up banisters and flying in, but then gives the dad a crazy look when the paper he burned shows up again. and for anyone who doubt says she's pushing look at this never-ending Halloweentown bag. you don't think she's got contraband in there? she sings a whole song about consuming narcotics. it's very clear that she's got a bigger ego than Kanye. as I expected, Mary Poppins practically perfect in every way, and not long after the drugs hit, they conveniently jump into the world of toxin with Bert. and they pulled the original Roger Rabbit as they sing with the animations, and things get really trippy. now, I personally still think these effects are pretty cool, especially if you're on what Mary sellin. but I do think that they earned their special effects Oscar back in the day. and I just love the diversity of it, of my people and humans working together. they then sing the original mumble wrapped [Music]. everything gives them more narcotics, as she takes one ourselves, and she's addicted. they hang out in the streets, hotbox a chimney so much that they float. and then meet up with Uncle Albert, who's literally so high he can't stop laughing, you promised. now, this might reminded me so much of the Mad Hatter, and to my surprise when I looked it up, he actually is the man had her. but even madder than that is the whole finale of the movie, where it turns out that the dad may actually be in some financial situations. and he decides to, ironically, teach his kids to invest. and when he takes them to the bank, Van Dyck yet again, is playing another character with this bad grandpa makeup on. and with all this stress and the buffoonery going on, one man just loses it on Mary Poppins. what is the meaning of this outrage? good enough to explain all this? I never explain anything at this point. it's clear that he just loses it in the sights that get on whatever Mary selling because he decides to give everything up and not pay up, because he's gonna choose his family instead. [Music], he's run once yes, supercalifragilisticexpialidocious, brah, you're broke. lucky for him, this is really dumb. lucky for him, that final Mary Poppins joke that he said at the bank before he left was so funny that the head honcho of the bank literally laughed himself to death. he left an opening for a new partner. congratulation. how they all get high as a kite and live happily ever after, as Mary Poppins vanishes with the wind, innocent as can be. so with the new one, Mary takes a page out of Batman's book and decides to return one generation after the first, making this a sequel and not a reboot. like a lot of people, or thinking that it actually is pretty much the kids from the first are now grown up. and if you remember how that boy didn't want to invest in the first movie, well, yeah, now his house - getting repossessed. his wife and parents have passed, so it's just him and his sister. and it's two kids struggling to keep things in order. guy next door is still blasting his cannon, but it's five minutes late. there made it so bad. Muriel from Zack &amp; Cody probably does more work. and colin firth, for whatever reason, is the evil banker who wants to ruin their entire lives. so obviously mary was gonna pop in again. [Music]. she's still got her bag of contraband. and just like the first eight in Narconon anyone. so even though these kids are getting high and seeing all these crazy stuff happening, Mary Poppins is like, not I'll see nothing. just like your neighborhood drug dealer, the only ones who can actually smell her coming are the people on the streets. nice to see you, jack. good to see you too. Mary Poppins, on a serious note, I lovely my no enemy, Rhonda. I love how he's doing these big movie musicals now, and I can't wait for him to get his he got but boy, does he solid as marbles in his mouth. he pretty much has Van Dyke's role in this movie and also serves as the not at all creepy admirer to the sister. I personally love how he has this bit where he gets to rap. but in order to not call it rap in the movie, because it's the 1930s, they tell him to do that really long song. just sing it fast and bright. this man turn London into in the heights in a second. now, I know a lot of people are gonna say that the seek was just another trip down the same block. and I agree. it's it's Mary, so it's a trip. but I guess that that's kind of the point. obviously, every set piece mirrors the first one. it's a very similar story arc with the kids trying to help their father, and then a joke saves the day. by the end, they still don't answer anything about how Mary Poppins works so she doesn't go to jail. but I guess that's kind of the point. an old story for a new generation. so marry pickpockets, then decides to break into this house hidden in an alley. and you already know where she learned that from, and that's being her cousin, meryl streep. now, to me, the scene serves two purposes. one, to marry the first Uncle Albert scene. and two, so mayor who can get another nomination just for cosplaying as queenie from fantastic beasts. other than that, they should have flipped the scene upside right and cut it out. now here comes the funniest part of the movie. throughout the entire thing, they're looking for this banknote that'll save them from their debt. and then it turns out that, at the end, the note they needed was a glue to the kite the entire time. but even worse than that was that it wasn't even the kids who drew on that piece of paper. it was still father. lucky for them, Dick Van Dyke is still playing different roles in this one, and he comes in to rescue them from his bitter banker of a son and sets them free. the family then lives happily ever after, as we get more drug symbolism from them getting high off balloons. and then we get the weirdest cameo of them all with Angela Lansbury. now, I love Angela. she's a legend. and mrs. Potts, which is probably why she's in this movie. but it's hilarious how Julie Andrews, who actually played Poppins, did a cameo as a sea monster for Aquaman instead of doing one for this movie. now, I don't know the whole backstory to why she wasn't in this one, right? but the fact that Lansbury wasn't in the original, but instead a movie called Ben hubs and broomsticks that is considered one of the biggest Mary Poppins ripoffs, had me questioning, if I miss something like, can you imagine if they did a finding Dory sequel, like, I don't know, 30 years from now, and they can't get Ellen DeGeneres back, so they just cast someone from shark tail? by the end of it, the family gets money, until, you know, they eventually go broke again. by the third Lin goes to the sisters protest because he's not throwing away his shot. and Mary Poppins, once again escapes imprisonment as she gets high for a new generation. but if I'm being honest, that Bedknobs movie is actually better than both of these. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. y'all can say that my theory is crazy, but, I mean, they're dealing with bricks. there's a lot of blowing. y'all know what six blue stands for. they're always getting in debt every other generation. I'm just saying there's a but there's a bunch of things that are hidden into this movie. and you know, y'all know that Walt Disney, back in the day, was putting a lot of symbolism. but I'm curious, are you a fan of the original? I've never had this attachment to the the first one. I obviously feel that the second one just force awakens' it. but a fun for what they are. I think they're cool. my favorite song out of this I say, if you guys were naming yours from the new one, it would be trip, a little light fantastic. and that's only because it reminds me of ski masks. baby wipe. that's just me. I'm here. so no, you guys starts that the movie worked for you. I've been watching a lot of Broadway, and a lot of 20:19 videos come in soon. but as I always say, sometimes the medium actually can boost the story. some stories are better in a particular way. you know, when this movie makes it to Broadway, that's where I think this Mary Poppins Returns is going to shine the most. but if your scenario sounds down below in the comments section, let me know. anything else? do you want me to wrap up towards the end of the year? don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and Mary will send you a brick 