marine captain yoon seok is driving his elder sister, her husband, chalmin, and his nephew, donghuan, to a ship leaving south korea, which is being swept by a zombie outbreak. on the way, he encounters a family with a young child who needs a hitch, but he ignores the family's pleas and drives away. they reach ship. in the cabin of the ship, they are setting down, suddenly, an infected man turns into a zombie and infects numerous people, including dong wang. yung seok then unwillingly decides to leave dong won and his mother behind, and stops chalmin, who returns after getting some supplies, from entering the cabin numerous people, including dong wong. four years later, in hong kong, a guilt ridden yoong seok, with chalmin and two other koreans, are briefed by the hong kongers of an operation that requires the four to return to inchi and in the quarantine peninsula and retrieve an abandoned food truck, which contains bags of cash totaling us. 20 million dollars. the four arrive the following night, and after some searching, they find the truck. the four escape the area unharmed with the truck, as zombies begin chasing them. on the way back to incheon port, the four are ambushed by a rogue militia unit 631, led by sergeant first class wang. truck accident causes jung seok gets thrown out of the truck, while chalmin hides inside the truck. the other two die from the ambush. jung seok is then rescued by two sisters, jun who drives the car out of the scene, and her younger sister, you jin. the three arrive at a hideout where the children live with their mother, minyun and grandfather, elder kim. jung seok suddenly realizes that menyung is the lady that had asked for a hitch four years ago, and he feeling guilty. the truck, taken by unit 631, arrives at the militia's compound. chalmin is then found inside and becomes a captive. private kim and captain sayo subsequently discovered the bags of cash in the truck and also found a satellite phone. then secretly hatch a plan to get themselves out of the peninsula with the truck. keeping their escape plans a secret from the belligerent wang. meanwhile, minyung learns from jung seok that there is a ship at incheon port waiting to extract him. she then decides to steal the truck from the compound, so that the five of them, including her own family and jung seok, escaped the peninsula together. the following evening, near unit 631's compound, as jun yoo jin and elder kim wait in the car, jung seok and min yoon sneak inside where they discover the truck and encounter private kim. seo saw min, and min knocked him for a while and take the phone while holding private kim at gunpoint. jung seok learns that chulmin is alive in the compound and moves to rescue him. he briefly succeeds after shooting both multiple zombies and unit 631 soldiers. but then chulmin is killed by huang, after saving jung seok from being murdered. jung seok is then saved by min yun, and the two quickly escaped the compound with the truck. numerous unit 631 soldiers, including huang, give chase on them. also joon join with them. in the ensuing chase, jung seok deliberately shoots and shatters the glass tunnel, freeing the horde of zombies inside, which then quickly attack wang's vehicle, presumably infecting huang and his driver. the five reach inchian port, where sayo rammed his vehicle into june's car, then holds her at gunpoint. eugene manages to distract seo that allows june to escape, but he then shoots elder kim. as the latter protects you jim from getting shot, he drives the truck into the cargo hold of the ship, but is then brutally shot by the hong kongers. as he bleeds to death, sayo reverses the truck to prevent the cargo holds gate from closing. this causes the zombies outside to enter and kill everyone inside. after elder kim dies from his gunshot wounds, the remaining four spot a united nations ch-47 chinook helicopter flown by malaysian un. troops. an injured minion requests that jung seok bring joon and yujin to the helicopter while she clears the path of zombies. minion then traps herself in the truck and presses on the horn repeatedly, intending to lure the zombies to her and sacrifice herself for the three to escape. recalling an angry claim chalman made in hong kong that jung seok did not do his best to save their family four years ago, ying seok rescues min jung by dispatching the zombies that have trapped her in the truck. she quickly makes the run to the helicopter, and jung seok covers her by shooting the zombie hordes. the pair board the helicopter with june and eugene, which takes the four away from the desolate and zombie-ridden peninsula. you 