welcome to the man of recaps. it is Walking Dead, Season ten. and this season I'm gonna do individual episode recaps as we go because, you know, I mean, the show's really good. again, obviously, if you haven't yet, watch my season 9 recap to catch-up, link in the description. but now let's get started with Walking Dead, Season ten, episode 1. the good guys Alliance is training all medieval style, with like, phalanx structure and and all that. if you've ever complained that the show doesn't have enough awesome zombie killing, well here's the 15 minutes for you. and at the end, the story kicks off when Judith finds an abandoned Whisperer zombie mask. apparently no one has seen the whispers since last season. I guess they migrate during the winter. but now finding this mask washed up, is it from before, or are they back? so a group goes out to look for the whispers, find out if they're actually back. remember, they're in a tense, cold war kind of situation. alpha marked the line of her territory that they cannot cross. if they do, she promised to unleash this giant zombie. heard that her people are controlling everyone agreed to respect this truce for now. they don't want to start trouble if they don't have to, except for Aaron, who crosses right over the boundary line to take out these walkers. Aaron doesn't care. he's a bad boy. now. he's all torn up cuz his boyfriend's keep dying, especially Jesus last season hit him real hard. his characters come a long way. you remember in my season 5 recap, I called him nerdy Justin Timberlake. and now look at him. he's got crazy apocalypse beard and a fake metal arm. next we check in on the baby crew. Rosita's had her baby, and Eugene is the awkward 4th wheel in this postmodern family. because, remember, Siddiqui is the father, but it's Gabriel that Rosita is currently dating. Eugene seems to love the baby, though it looks like he's doing all the actual parenting while Rosina's just working out. city comes and helps out too, but he's having PTSD. flashbacks to last season. remember when the whispers killed everyone for the heads on pikes situation? Siddiq was there. they let him go to tell the story. a new doctor has apparently joined Alexandria. his name's Dante, and he's a real friendly guy. and this is a very strange scene, because Sadiq is just like, staring at his mouth. what I took away from that is that this guy's mouth remind Sadiq of one of the whisperers mouths the night they killed everyone. and it made me realize, oh, my god, it's entirely possible that could just be a whisper. so watch out for this guy murdering everyone later. then we hang out with Lydia. she was alphas daughter of the whispers, but she's been taken in by Alexandria. it was all cool when she had Henry there to vouch for her, but now she's kind of all alone in this community, you know, and no one really trusts her. so she talks to another outcast, negan. yes, he's growing tomatoes. apparently he's allowed out of his cell sometimes. now, we don't know negan's endgame yet, if he's playing a long con to seize power, or if he really is kind of just chillin back at oceanside, there's a thing with the deaf girl, Connie and her sister Kelly. apparently Kelly's hearing is starting to go, which is pretty sad. but Connie has actually survived incredibly well in the zombie apocalypse being deaf. she says it's not a disability, it's a superpower. and then who should show up but mister Daryl. yeah, we were all shipping him and Connie last season, and it looks like they're going that direction. Daryl's starting to learn some sign language to talk to her better. and then Carol comes home from a fishing trip. yeah, after Henry's death, she was totally broken up and broke up with King Ezekiel. seems like she's not ready to get back together yet. she and Daryl spend the day hanging out. these two have always been close friends, and they make friendship bracelets now. anyway, now we finally deal with the big explosion in the sky that started out this episode. yeah, an old satellite is, you know, crashing down to earth. it starts a huge forest fire, which is a serious problem. it's all hands on deck to contain this thing. but the big tension is this crash is on the whisperer side of the border, and it's like, well, any reasonable person would be like, yeah, it's okay. you can cross to put out a fire, but, I mean, the whisperers aren't reasonable. plus, a bunch of zombies show up, so there's more epic forest fire zombie killing. and the cool thing was, this scene was incredibly tense, because every single zombie, I was like, is that gonna be a whisper? luckily, none of them were. so the gang saved the day. since they are already on the whisperers side of the border, Daryl and Carol decided to go check on the giant zombie. heard that the whispers were holding and it's gone. does that mean the whisperers have moved on? just forgot about this place? no, it doesn't. right? then, as if she was watching the whole time, alpha walks out and stares right at Daryl. oh-ho. it's on. so there you have it, Walking Dead, Season tennis started. I'm very excited for this season. make sure you hit that subscribe button weekly Walking Dead recaps, plus lots of other awesome ones. till next time. mana recaps out. [Music] 