listen, we had an entire franchise of a guy who truly bonded with a girl, a lifetime series about a legit psychopath that's getting his second season. a real life story turned into a podcast turn into a TV series. it got more hype along the way of a dude who's also Bundy like and tried screwing over this family. we got several Manson movies coming out just this year. oscar-winning Octavia Spencer even dipping their toes into the mix. there are so many movies and TV shows about Psychopaths out there that it's become a legit, thriving genre. there are podcast talking about real-life murders, documentaries, all hosted by blue apron every weekend. violence pretty much is selling more than sex right now. and there's one thing out there that's combining the two with this movie called extremely wicked, shockingly evil and vile, which I personally feel is doing something different that a lot of people have accused it of being. let me explain. so I had got this one back in January during Sundance, and there was a huge uproar happening online because the trailer had just dropped. and I'll agree that the editing for the trailer was a little bit off. it wasn't the best representation. but nothing's funnier than people reviewing movies they haven't seen. a lot of people said the movie should be more like the Netflix documentary series, now realizing it's from the same people who made the Netflix documentary series. I heard others say that these violent acts shouldn't even be portrayed on the screen, not realizing they weren't gonna be portrayed on the screen. but I think the biggest one is what truly affects how you see the movie. it's the literal perception of the film. and that was people complaining that it wasn't respecting the victims viewpoints, not realizing it's based off of the victims viewpoints. it's her story. she is getting compensated for it. she was on the literal set giving advice. so I don't know who these people that said, I'm not defending the whole movie, just the obvious cuz to me, it's still a low-rent it for the fact that the movie doesn't say consistent, or at least gets the biggest punch that I feel I could have got the whole perspective of the movie is supposed to be from Liz's viewpoints. that's why it comes off as a romantic thriller. it's literally taking from pieces of her novel, with the message being, according to the director, that it's supposed to be a warning for people. obviously, you can tell people to be careful about things, but I've always felt that movies are the best way to portray that on screen. and that's what a director thought when he no that his daughters had no idea who Bundy was. and considering that his daughters are living in an age where they can get catfished from home, he went to work. so that idea of casting a hot Rob that's beloved by a certain demographic, you know, a guy who people follow like he's the second coming of Christ. he's still Troy Bolton to them, to cast that person who they automatically have trust in, and then flip that on its head, is the exact message you want to get out there. when it comes to Ted Bundy, who did just that. it's kind of like the Matt Damon technique that we've been seeing in a lot of movies, where they have him appear like super late in the film and you had no idea was in there as almost like a cameo. and the reason for that is because seeing Matt Damon has a certain impact, a familiarity that a random extra or smaller actor wouldn't be able to get across. so for Zac Efron to take a role like this, give his best performance, and my opinion, if that means anything, but also supposedly taking a ninety-nine percent pay cut the other day, I their promise, Troy and Oscar or, he's got his head in the game. the director himself has also come out talking about the responsibilities he feels he should have when making these crime dramas, which I don't know how many of y'all remember, pain and game-winner Michael Bay did the complete opposite, where he directed the deaths of real people as if it was an SNL skit was whole it was supposed to be funny, like the family of those victims are still very much alive from this tragedy that these two buffoons did, that for two weeks, every theater in America was laughing at their loved ones deaths. Newsweek calls pain &amp; gain outrageously entertaining. so if we're talking about a guy who's trying to do the complete opposite, this is a dude who walks it like he talks it. he has a series called Paradise Lost that actually helped free three innocent people from prison. so again, you can definitely judge the movie and critique it. it could be completely bland. its Arendt sit for me, but every time I see people assuming the filmmakers and crews intentions, I'm like, what do you mean? so knowing that it's from her perspective, it does make things a little scary. you know, they don't really show Ted brutally killing anyone, which people, for some reason complained about. and you know, they would have complained about it if he did kill someone. so it's a damned if you do, damned if you don't. but the purpose for that is that it keeps Liz's character on edge. she has no idea. it's a wild ride where at one point she even blames herself because she after police about him. and at one point, I was sitting there with the audience, and all of us were kind of thinking, is is Ted innocent? again, I 100% get why people don't want to get into that mind state, even though, you know, that's the mind state that everyone was in during the trial, especially for Liz. but, I mean, look at those eyes. you know, he is the greatest showman. if anyone could pull off the Ted Bundy on screen, it would have been someone like Zac Efron. this guy is so smooth with his excuses, even when they don't make any sense. Oh, what was that for? how many stop signs did you run? I didn't tell you because I didn't want you to freak out. Oh, Oh, cos eating the papers would have been a better outside, right? in fact, there were people fighting for Ted. hi stranger. what are you doing here? do you live in Utah? no, we just got engaged. so, and he's smooth enough to get out of every scenario. the craziest part about it is that Ted does nice things. and I think that's what's been the hardest part for people to embrace. because it's easy when the villains are fictional, right? you can create sympathy for those easily, and it flushes them out. it adds layers, if you will, for Joker and Bannos. but when the person is real, when they've hurt real people, it's way harder for people to get into that mind state. crucial though, I believe, because you don't want characters that are one-sided. and you don't want something that's gonna strip away the scariest parts. because realizing that they're human, realizing that they did all these atrocities, and they still took care of a little girl, had a long-term girlfriend, paid taxes, people owed him favors, that's where you realize that while some people want things to be black and white, opening up your eyes and seeing that it's someone who's in your own neighborhood who can hurt you, that should be getting your guard up, including this man who went to court dressed better than a groom on his wedding day. I literally just autographed my own wanted poster. Ted even had a girlfriend while he was inside. and those are the moments where we shift to his perspective, which every rose is taken away from Liz's idea, you know, her viewpoint. but you quickly realize that it's because they're playing with perception. Carol's big push was to counter all the negativity and to create a narrative through the reporters, and she did it. why this case was televised, still to this day, is beyond me. but it's hilarious when people question why, today, in 2019, there's such a big craving for crime serials. when they televise this in place of other shows. in other words, they practically pitch this as entertainment for people to follow along. with point being, if it was that easy to manipulate perception back in the 80s, that some people were defending Bundy, people defended OJ, can you imagine what's going on during this digital age, during the age of outrage? because it makes it about getting ratings, not about getting the truth. again, I know there's going to be way more incarnations of the story in informs a different media. this one may only be a rented for me, but if it reminds people not to be bozos and to keep the guards up, it so be it. it's an insane story of a guy who had mad conjugals, created his own courtroom drama proposed in that same courtroom. and considering all the nasty things that he did and the big persona that he became, obviously there's going to be people who feel strongly about it. but if I may, let me explain the difference between a movie like extremely wicked and what's possibly the worst movie I've seen this year. I guess you could say I live in a fairy tale world, looking at everything through rose-colored glasses. see, it's easy to go with the flow when people are complaining. again, some people want to fit in so bad they talk about a movie they haven't even seen. but as someone who's seen 260 movie this year, whenever I hear people say that a big blockbuster, or, you know, like a really big movie, is the worst thing they've ever seen, I usually recommend them to watch more than 10 movies. because it's rare for me to really hate a movie, like, I'm disappointed all the time, but being mad at a movie, like I say, things are goofy, or they may not be the best, but it's very rare that I want to collect all of the Infinity stones to go back in time to make sure that a movie was never directed. I rarely take my hyperboles to 11, but this will be called the haunting of Sharon Tate is by far the worst movie I've seen in 2019. I didn't even want to give it its own thing. I don't want to put all that negativity out. but you guys know, it's rare for me to give something a coaster rating, where it's so bad the only thing you should be doing with that DVD is using it as a coaster. I see a lot of bad movies, but this is an abomination. those who don't know, as this horror thriller genre based off real events keeps growing, you start getting people who are turning real victims stories into fantasies, or, in this case, hauntings. if you're not aware, Sharon Tate was a famous actress who was married to director Roman Polanski. a bunch of issues there. but she was eight and a half months pregnant when Charles Manson and his cult broke into their house and killed Tate, her unborn child and her friends. and this student made a movie about, well, what if Sharon had visions like that's so raven about the murders? boy, what? now, yeah, there is another movie coming out this year, also about the Manson murders, that's directed by Quentin Tarantino. and I'm sure a lot of people gonna hate that one. but that one at least got the blessing of the family. and if I may get my little theory here. I think he's gonna go all inglorious basterds and kind of switch history. it's gonna be one where tape maybe survives, and they do take down Manson. but not only does this guy, for this movie, pitch, it is an empowering alternate version, which does kid during those events even know what happened? I don't know. but if we're contrasting what extremely wicked did, all this guy did with the visions gimmick he wanted to do was repeatedly brutally show Sharon and her friends getting murdered, over and over again, more than once. I don't know what the goal was there. even at the end, it's some weird fantasy where they do kill the murderers, but then the Sun comes up and they're standing over their own dead bodies. it's the most selfish film I've ever seen. now, the only reason I'm speaking about intentions here is because he literally wrote a letter to Sharon Tate's sister after the entire stay, practically told them, don't make this movie. this man had the audacity to tell the family of the victim that her story was also his story, that surely you may have lost a sister, but you gotta understand, I felt away when I saw it on the news. and I feel haunted. like this dude had so many eyes going on in this thing, that it was just like, I wanted to give them a chance. one of my favorite quotes. I truly wish I just wanted everyone in this room is now Dumber for having listened to it. he's even got a whole point where he's talking about the what, what if she had been able to escape? what if she'd been able to but what if you asked for permission? and did it make something that other people who are literal victims, that I want you to make? you know, this is where movies become terrible for me. forget the bad acting that is in there, the clumsy cinematography that's there, even the bad script. think about how ignorant your movie has to be when you don't pay attention to the literal subject of your film. then it turns out this man is making a Nicole Simpson one. I swear to thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. and a shout out to those who bashed extremely wicked and didn't say anything about this other one, which is a true bad movie. in fact, real big shout-out to the ones who gave positive reviews to Sharon Tate's movie and try talking smack about her. that makes absolutely no sense to me. again, certainly, wick is just a movie. it makes it's not the biggest story out there. it doesn't make up for the actual murders. but I think a lot of people are adding in tension, whether or not really there. I think it could still be a cautionary tale. and I think that some people complain about certain things, and then for a completely different movie, they're okay with it again, just to rent it for me. interesting performances. I thought that they both, Lily Collins and Zac Efron, gave some of their best performances. it was in the last couple years. I know a lot of people don't think that they're the best actors, but I thought they did a good job. I thought I was interesting that the Metallica guy, I'm not the biggest Metallica fan, so apologize to those who may be angry here, but a little tidbit, he was in the movie. he was actually playing a sheriff. so that, I thought was pretty interesting. I'm here star guys, thoughts down below in the comment section. again, I also really wanted to talk about how bad shared the haunting of Sharon Tate was. I didn't want to make a whole video cuz I'm just giving the movie more attention. but I figured here within this video was the perfect chance to talk about it. you do not watch that movie. do not watch it. illegal. I was recording this, realize that he has another one, that he's making it, but I have no idea what's wrong with this dude right here. you guys know, I don't complain that much about bad movies. I take bad movies and try to make something entertaining. since you guys may have felt you already wasted your two hours, I'm not gonna be boring with my videos. but when it comes to a movie like that, yo, yeah, that's a bad move, guys, a terrible movie. and then I'm curious to know you gots thoughts down below in the comment section. I already know you guys comment, liked and subscribed, because I always bet on 