welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and it feels like a long time since I said that this episode were going to be breaking down the newly released Falcon and Winter Soldier plot details that leaked on 4chan this morning. throughout this video, I'll be recapping what the leaks say happen in the show, as well as giving my reaction to them. now, there will be heavy spoilers here. and as with all leaks, they should be taken with a pinch of salt. but in the case of Avengers, endgame, Joker, Game of Thrones, and now terminate a dark fate, the leaks often turn out to be true. so you have been warned. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of Falcon and the Winter Soldier plot leaks. okay, so the leaks say that thunderbull Ross, played by William Hurt, and the government don't want Sam Wilson, played by Anthony Mackie, to be the new Captain America due to not signing the accords. they instead enlist John Walker, played by wire Russell to be the new Captain America, who prefers to go by the name US agent. this keeps in line with the law of the universe. and even at the end of Avengers endgame, you get the feeling that one of the main reasons that old Steve Rogers has hidden from the eyes of society, it's because he may still be arrested. did you do not signing the accords, the fact that he passed over the mantle to Sam as well, for them to just overwrite it makes Sam furious, and he gets the help of Bucky Barnes, played by Sebastian Stan to fight low-level crimes. Sharon Carter, played by Emily VanCamp, begs the government to replace Walker with Sam. but Sam and Bucky grow close with Walker, with Sam accepting him as the new Captain America. I'm guessing they will meet on a street level, and Sam will just resign himself to the fact that the job is no longer his. however, the peace doesn't last long, and Walker gets a chip implanted in his brain by Zemo, played by Daniel Bruhl, resulting in the character going rogue. this is in line with the comics as in several storylines, u.s. agent has been her villain. and watching the government appointed Captain America going head-to-head with the real one will be an awesome plot aesthetic that I think many fans want to see. Zemo plans to implant ships similar to the one he put in walker, in the entire population. he gets Rachel Layton, played by body right, to help desperate Ross and the government hire Sam and Bucky to stop Walker. the leak also says that alfre woodard is Myriam shape, and Martin Freeman as Everett Ross, returned in major roles. in addition to this, Chris Evans is back as old Steve Rogers. and he will appear in two episodes, possibly to give moral advice to Sam and Bucky. now we did hear rumors that Chris Evans wasn't done with the MCU, and if this is how he returns, I think he'll be an amazing way to bring him back. I'm probably the most excited for this news. and if it's true, then I think it'll be great that the character is sort of acting like a mentor to the pair. it may also flesh out what he went through in the airs that we didn't get to see when he went back in time. and overall, it makes for an awesome plot device. lastly, the leaks say that Yelena Bulova, played by Florence Pugh, and Emil Blonsky, played by Tim Roth, are expected to cameo sometime in the series. this is going to tie the series in heavily with Black Widow, and I really can't wait to see how the movies begin to interact with the shows. now after hearing this, I'm massively interested in the series. I think it sounds really, really engaging, and they're ticking all of the boxes for things that I want to see. and a show that centers around these two characters, it doesn't really mention their relationship together and how they're gonna struggle being basically cast to the side by the government, which I think will definitely be a big factor in the production. it also doesn't mention the ending of the series and how things go, which most leaks tend to. but plot wise, this seems to line up with things that we already know about the upcoming Disney Plus shows. how will all of the TV shows that being announced? I think that this is the one I'm most interested in after one division. and there's already a lot of potential here to create a sort of spy thriller akin to Captain America, the Winter Soldier, which is definitely one of my favorite MCU movies. overall, there's a lot here that I'm really interested in, and I can't wait to see if the show delivers on its concept. because if these leaks are true, then it sounds brilliant. now let me know your thoughts on the leaks. and if these have got you excited for it, comment below to tell me. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out my full movie breakdown of Terminator doc fade. would you be linked at the end we go over the entire film and give our thoughts on it. so it's definitely worth watching. if you want to know more. if you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server, which would be linked in the description. those are the best ways to keep up to date with all the latest videos and the channel. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the marble phase 3, part 1 box em blu-ray, which contained Civil War Doctor, Strange homecoming or Ragnarok and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning, it's like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the leaks in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of November, and the Celt be shipped out from then to against the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 