welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead, season 11, episode 3. and remember, the best way to watch these new episodes is on amc plus. click the link in the description to sign up now and join in for the epic final season of the walking dead. at the end of last episode, our group was ambushed by the reapers, and it starts right off with an intense battle sequence. oh, these reapers are crazy. i hope you didn't get attached to maggie's new friends, because a bunch of them die. and these reapers are like ghosts. they're very good at vanishing into thin air. our group all ends up separated, but our main characters get away. but for now, it's time to check back in on the rest of our characters in alexandria. first, magna and kelly talk. remember kelly's sister, connie, was trapped in the mine, and they still don't know she made it out. we also get a check in at the kids table. yeah, we got little judith and her brother, rj. then of course, there's maggie sun herschel, who seems like a real wise kid. he's been on the road most of his life. he's been through the ringer. then it's aaron, who seems to be the de facto leader here these days. his top priority is repairing the walls. carol, though, is like, hey, i'm no good at repairing walls. i've got a different plan. we've got to go out and catch the horses that ran away. carol meets up with rosita, and together with magna and kelly, they go on a girl's trip to try to wrangle some horses. first, it doesn't work out, but eventually they come across their horses running free. and it's a beautiful back to nature, post-apocalyptic moment. and they manage to get the horses into a pen where it's like, hey, easy there, girl. oh, yeah. we're friends now. so the mission was a great success. finally some hope at alexandria where people were starting to lose it. but remember, people are also out of food. so right off the bat, one of these horses now, i'll look away. yeah, carol has to kill one right now, because it's horse steak for dinner. now, back to the exciting plot. maggie finds herself alone, but she makes it to the haven mall. this is theoretically her old settlement, but remember, the reapers took it over. and as maggie's having a look around, she lights her lighter, and oh, there's one right behind her. yeah, these guys are masters of stealth. but luckily, maggie notices him just in time and, oh, kicks him down the stairwell, soon she finds alton, but some more reapers pop out of absolutely nowhere, and they have a big fight. negan's here too. he helps maggie out. but this one reaper drops a flashbang grenade, boom, and once again, vanished without a trace. and bad news for alton, that reaper got him pretty good. he's in bad shape. they soon find some more mag's old friends who survived. this woman, agatha and duncan, who seemed like a great guy. unfortunately, he dies now elsewhere. father gabriel made it out too. he got stabbed in the knee, but he says a little prayer to god and yanks it out. now, they managed to injure one of the reapers, so father gabriel tracks him down. and this guy's bleeding out on the tree trunk. he's praying to god too. he's like, hey, man, i see you're a priest. want to say a prayer for me. but father gabriel's like, no, you tried to kill my friends. he's like, hey, sorry about that. i mean, that's how life is now, but please give me my last rights. but father gabriel's having none of it. he's like, god isn't here anymore. and, oh, stabs this guy. yeah, the reapers may have some sort of christianity thing going because negan, maggie and alden come across this one zombie that's been burned up, but somehow still alive. they've nailed it to a post that says judas, so, you know, watch out for that. but now some walkers catch up to him. oh, it's zombie fighting time. and, oh no, agatha gets bit. yeah, remember, this is the arm from the trailer everyone was theorizing about. turns out it was agatha all along. so negan, maggie and alden are still trying to make it to the supplies, but dalton's slowing them down. they stop at an old church to rest, and alden's like, hey, maggie, i know i'm slowing you guys down. you gotta leave me here now. this is tough for maggie. she knows all done well remember, back during the savior war, alden originally was a savior working for negan, but he surrendered immediately, like, hey, i want to join the good guys. and he spent the season at hilltop with maggie. they like, formed a friendship. maggie tries to blame it on negan, like, hey, don't even tell me i should leave him, like, i'm not gonna but he's like, this is your call. you've gotta make it. and she knows it's the right one. she gives him a weapon and a ration. like, hey, lock yourself in here. we'll find you later. and so now their big group that set off on this mission is down to just maggie and negan. of course, now it's gonna be that awkward situation where you only tolerate this person because you have mutual friends. but now, without the buffer of the friends group, it's just you two. and now that they're alone, more than ever they need each other to survive. so next time we check in with them, they're going to hash it out one way or another. and that's where episode 3 comes to an end. this season is intense. you want to be watching it. and you know the best way to watch these new episodes is on amc plus. stream each new episode ad free, from any device, plus watch the episode one week early, the sunday before. they've got the special deal right now. the annual plan is just 4.99 a month. so click the link in the description and start your free trial of amc plus now and join in for this epic final season, the beginning of the end of the walking dead. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 