[Music]. welcome to the breakdown. when we break down all the messed up [ __ ], I'll be all are safe and healthy right now. while you're stuck inside with nothing to do, let me give you something to watch. feel free to not watch this video if your situation is overwhelming right now. we are all going through things because of the sickness, and sometimes the last thing we need is to see stuff like men behind the Sun, also known as hey tae-young 731, or black sun 731. simply show some new arriving youth corps in manchu, co-viewing the sick experiments done on natives of the puppet state and other prisoners. they are dehumanized by General EC and his band of militarist ass-kissers. general EC actually wasn't prosecuted for his crimes. the United States was too interested in the research gained from unit 731. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up ours, stay tuned for the breakdown. Q, to go on. the movie begins documentary-style, showing the history as well as the geographic location of unit 731. some youth corpse of the empire is sent to manchu code to help out at the unit. general EC arrives back at the headquarters to oversee what's going on. as of right now, it's 1944. according to general issue, the goal is to produce bacterial weapons to help the Empire of Japan win the war. meanwhile, some of the youth core trying to Splinter Cell until one part of the compound just to get a ball back. it has some sentimental value, I guess. too bad. the superiors discovered a whole group of missing kids not in bed, and everybody gets slapped for it. the whole building is alerted with sirens, like what you would hear as a tornado warning. and the team who started this whole idiot mission dodges gunfire left and right, only to run into an electrified fence. this whole act is embarrassing towards the higher-ups. and general each she begins to lay down some law from the top up. but he hears from his brother here that a rival named naka Tomi is talking [ __ ]. turns out he made a water purifier, and not a told me, said, it's a terrible invention to prove not that old me wrong and embarrass him a she pees in his water purifier and then drinks what comes out. and everybody is saying in their heads, what was the point of all that? so soon the logs are brought in. the generals are designated the prisoners as being logs. a lot of scenes in this movie is the generals trying to dehumanize the prisoners. to signify other people as simply other is a terrible lesson to teach others. one of the prisoners is a mother with a crying baby named Xiao Cheng. the Imperial unit dragged the woman away from her baby and kills the baby by burying it in snow. back to the whole dehumanizing thing. the youth corps seemed new Chinese boy playing behind the gaze of the compound, and chased after him, thinking that he has the ball of an old friend, you know, the one that died from running into an electric fence. they let him go after realizing he has his own special ball, and just overall, they become friends with him. meanwhile, generally, she walks upon some doctors vomiting. what was some doctors doing that made them vomit turns out they was doing some live dissection on some poor guy. that's not fun to watch at all. remember Ishii's rival named Nakatomi? well it turns out naka told me, has been officially designated to the southern front of the war, the same front where the Japanese are losing badly. and it is a death sentence to be sent out there. it was all generally she's doing. the mother of the baby who was killed. his name's jowl face shoot. and she's taken by some generals for testing. she owes a pillow to cope with the loss of her baby. in the beginning, it was 1944, but now time has passed, maybe over a year later. Joe is tied up and has her arms frozen solid over time. then she is brought back in with frostbite and is dipped into 15 degrees Celsius water. and as her arms both degloved by the lead scientist. another victim named Jin is put into an instant freezing station of negative 196 degrees Celsius. and it takes only a few smashes to his arms to completely shatter them. the youth core have seen both experiments, and they struggle to watch them so slowly moved through time. and now it's the summer of 1945, the Empire of Japan is suffering across all fronts, and a survival depends on the biological weapons that the unit can create. according to this general they are produced a virus 60 times stronger than the Black Death virus, and has enough of it to wipe out all of mankind, apparently, I guess. but there aren't any successful ways to spread it by bomb or anything. I guess you can't really rely on just rats and fleas generally. she gets an idea soon though. one day is is sexually relaxing with some geishas. one geisha comes in, though, and each she decides that he wants her all to himself. he awkwardly lathers up her body and pinches her. when you pull his hairs from her, she knocks over a little pottery Bowl, and it's pressed pieces everywhere. it gives him the idea to create bombs that spread the virus like that. it's such an idea that gives him a standing ovation from anybody too scared to question him. they are still testing single people behind the scenes, though. I'm more of a computer scientist than anything, so I can't really understand the point of some of these experiments like what was the point of the freezing when they can't stop shutting up about black death this and plague that. this next experiment is nasty and gross. they put Chu hua here in a decompression chamber and crank it up all the way to the highest setting. it eventually makes him bloated, and he bust out his boughs and intestines outside of his booty. Oh, sounds like a terrible way to go. hopefully his pain ended quickly. but again, what was the point of that? maybe this film could explain the point of the experiments better, but perhaps it helps for us to be in the dark, like how the prisoners themselves were a Russian woman named Natasha and her daughter are then slowly killed by some gas as the youth watch. I told y'all a lot of children would be dying in the next few uploads. we just getting started. -. one day of the Meucci knees boy, who plays on the other side of the compound, is led in by his friend. the superior generals asked him to leave the boy in, but didn't tell him why. the boy is excited and happy, and the doctors have gained his trust easily. they ship him new, put him to sleep and then get right into dissecting him. they harvest all of his organs. I can't showed the scene because I hear from many sources that the director includes Ryo dissection footage into this scene. anyway, his friend is forced to push the boy's corpse all the way to the cremation room. you see, the youth core didn't like that at all. they band together to punish the superior officer for killing the mute boy during a disinfection scene. they all jump him and beat him with wooden sticks. previously, they were forced to beat a Chinese prisoner just like this. well, here comes the famous cat scene. a live cat is thrown into a den of rats and is slowly munched on by them until it becomes a bloody mess. probably won't show the ending result because I hear, of course, that this scene could have been real. I don't want to show real animal abuse anymore. at the Cannibal Holocaust, that's one of my biggest regrets. regardless, things are wrapping up for a unit 731. the main prisoners want to escape and survive so they can alert the outside world to the presence of unit 731. but they still got to survive the experiments. one experiment is tying prisoners to cross us and having planes drop ceramic bombs on them. feel with fleas. but the airfield were treated. why did they retreat? because apparently Hiroshima and Nagasaki had been bombed. unit 731 is called to retreat as well. in the midst of the bad news, the prisoners all escape from their bounds. still, they got outrun the trucks and machine guns. it doesn't go too well for the prisoners, but they do have some balls, though. only one of the prisoners survives, and his name is stone. he was like the young hope for some of the prisoners to let the outside world know about this establishment. the youth Corps actually hide him, and he cremation later. generally, she gets the orders saying to retreat, and he just sits a reflection about it. the Empire lost big time, huh? he assumes the responsibility to destroy everything that could prove the existence of unit 731, which includes documents, infrastructure and prisoners. everybody is also ordered to commit suicide if captured with cyanide. but the generals soon disagree with that and just say that everybody should just go back to their families. this scene right here is a scene of huge loss. you can just feel the failure. somebody is hiding along though. it's the single living prisoner stone. but he eventually gets found out. now, clap it up for stone. clap it up for stone, because this dude was ready to defend himself against a dozen of Japanese soldiers, like like he was care you or some he dies though, but he died hard. you see what I'm saying? his goal was to escape and alert others outside of Manchu. though, I guess about the presence of unit 731, it's fine though, because we know about it now. the movie ends as stones blood splatters on the Japanese flag, and a crying baby is heard along with his mother and a youth core being driven away. the general is watched silently. World War two was just a ridiculous time. I can read about it all on one but I can't imagine a fraction of what it's really like. how do we got through black son 731? let's talk about the mostess third moment and most enjoy a moment, and that spooky stuff. so let's get right into it. the mostest thermometer is for me either the pressure chamber scene or the newts boy organ dissection. the pressure chamber scene was just gross, and I don't want to imagine death in that way. the dissection was sad, because the boy had no idea what was going to happen. the most enjoyed moment is probably the youth poor. they basically disregarded their superiors a lot and didn't fall victim to the dangerous rhetoric that generals would use to dehumanize the prisoners. empathy is lacking in many people today. and that's it. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. I got a lot more time on my hands, so I'm gonna be uploading as much as I would like. I might even play some games or some I don't know. well, um, I'll see y'all next week. spooky out. 