if you were aboard the international space station as humanity made contact with the first aliens, however that alien happened to be the apex predator of mars, would you know how to survive? in this video, i'm going to be teaching you how to beat calvin from the movie life. our movie starts off aboard the international space station, where a few members of our crew are attempting to go on a spacewalk in order to collect some samples from mars. inside they might find dirt, they might find life. they're not really sure. this just seems like a routine check of the samples. however, once the dirt samples are brought back from mars, they find something truly astounding. they end up finding a microscopic organism that proves undoubtedly that there is aliens on mars. it's only a single cell, so it's not that scary. the media on earth starts going into a frenzy, and they invite one lucky school from across the nation to name the creature. who's calvin. what the actual [ __ ] you're telling me you didn't name it cockman69 or bloodripper420. instead, you named it [ __ ] calvin. the movie starts getting extremely bizarre when the crew decides they want to experiment on the alien from the comforts of space. although i think it's better than bringing the alien to earth, where it could potentially harm other people, it doesn't make any sense. it's an alien, meaning you don't know the qualities of what it can do. you never know if it could come alive and just start breaking glass or something. so if it were up to me, i would definitely await further instructions from nasa for them to send up a bigger crew and better containment before you start poking it with random [ __ ]. plus, i'm sure if you did find the alien, even if you got directed from nasa, they would still want to send up a bigger and more well-equipped crew than just a few people. now this is where we're actually going to try to beat the movie, because from here the crew starts making a bunch of mistakes that inevitably result in all their doom. luckily, or unluckily, should i say, for the crew, the biologist, hugh, is able to resurrect this alien, proving that life can still exist and that is technically dormant and not dead. the cell comes to life because hue exposes it to a different atmosphere, similar to that of prehistoric earth. soon the creature starts to evolve. it goes from a single cell to this plant-like structure, and doesn't seem to be harming anyone. it's just vibing. listen, i'm no scientist, but according to the scientific method, i definitely think that you should be observing the alien before you stick your finger in and touch it, because you want to get a good observation of the controlled state, which is the neutral state the alien is in. this could not only help with research, but allow you to give variables in what affects its behavior, and maybe stop it from [ __ ] killing you. continuing with the movie, most of the crew appears happy with their experimentation results. and another crew member ends up having his wife give birth on earth, which is pretty wholesome. however, the baby is soon to grow up without a father. however, the celebration is cut short when the containment chamber that stores calvin ends up malfunctioning, resulting in a leakage of the atmosphere. as a result, calvin appears to be dead. the scientist, hugh decides the best way to wake calvin up, other than restoring the atmosphere, is to electrocute calvin. so he used one of these electrocute sticks things and stabbed it into calvin. as a result, calvin wakes up, gets really angry and attaches himself to hugh's gloved hand. calvin's grip is extremely tight, meaning the guy can't just pull his hand out of the glove, so he's trapped there with calvin. i have two theories on how you could get out of this situation. one is probably something you should try. the other is something only used in desperation circumstances. the first method is to reduce the atmosphere back to the previous one, because we could see calvin ended up going dormant. the second solution is get an eye for an axe, and then drop your hand off, so then you can move your body away from calvin. calvin will take your hand, but at least you won't be able to break the containment cell. you'll see in a little bit why it's definitely better to chop your hand off than do nothing. calvin eventually uses the taser thingy to rip through the glove and break the containment cell. which is why i'm saying it was definitely much better to get your hand removed. still, hugh and calvin are inside a sealed container. so the crew have to decide, do they go inside and break containment to go rescue hugh from calvin, but risk calvin leaving, or did they just sacrifice you? in my suggestion, i would definitely say sacrifice you. because if you go inside and calvin gets out, then everyone's dead. and that's exactly what happens in this movie. we later learned that calvin doesn't immediately attack you, because hue is too big. instead, he goes over to the small mouse and starts absorbing it. and that's how you gain size and power. so from here, if i were the crew, i suggest removing all organic material from the area. the last thing you want is for calvin to start absorbing your food and becoming more powerful. the crew obviously never take my suggestion, because one of them goes in to try to save hue. he's able to get hugh out, but he isn't able to get himself out in time. so he's now the one trapped in the containment cell with calvin. what i definitely think they could have done differently is they're on the international space station, so they have access to puncture proof and airtight astronaut suits that they could definitely use to go inside and rescue hue, as well as making it so calvin basically can't affect them. the guy inside probably wishes he has an astronaut suit, because he attempts to get a flamethrower to burn calvin. we find out calvin is not only fireproof, but he can go inside people's mouths and eat their organs. and remember, each time calvin goes inside of someone and starts absorbing them, he gets bigger and more powerful. this is why you don't want to invest more people into fighting him, because each time you do it, he's gonna get stronger. and the flamethrower idea ends up [ __ ] up the whole thing, because calvin is able to escape through the emergency vents after the fire alarm goes off. from the situation, you know that calvin's on the loose. inside every space station, there should be multiple air type compartments that nothing could get into, including calvin. i suggest, before calvin can figure out exactly where you are, bring the entire crew to one of these airtight compartments and seal it and bring as much supplies as you can. you could use this place as like a base where you can figure out what to do next. however, before the crew can take my vice and react, they realize there's something wrong with the ship. calvin has made it outside of the space station and is now drinking all the coolant. because of this, someone has to manually go and repair the ship, or else the entire ship might fail. obviously, in this situation, every member of the crew is technically capable of going on the spacewalk. so if you really want to save yourself, try to get someone else to volunteer and go on the spacewalk while you wait inside the comforts of the space station. it's evil, but it certainly will keep you alive for longer. so that member of the crew ends up going on the spacewalk to make the repairs. however, as she finishes the repairs, she realizes that calvin is attached to her. calvin breaks the coolant inside her suit. as a result, the coolant starts leaking inside her helmet, and eventually she knows she'll suffocate. she's eventually able to make it to the door with the coolant inside her helmet, and she starts to drown. but instead of going inside the ship, which would let calvin in, she decides to lock the door and keep herself outside. this seems like a good idea at first, until you realize calvin immediately just goes straight back into the ship through a vent. now this is where the lady on the spacewalk makes her first mistake and her last mistake, because she [ __ ] dies. instead of just slowly floating away from the ship while drowning, she could have used her last energy to grab calvin, cut the little rope right here, and then pushed herself away from the space station. that way she'll fly away so far, since you don't stop moving when you're in space, she could potentially drag calvin away from the entire space station and save everyone. the crew then quickly realizes that calvin is inside the ship, so they start locking down every compartment. this may seem like a good idea at first, but they never do a check ahead of time of where a calvin actually is, so they could be locking themselves with calvin. a tip i can give to the crew is they should use military tactics to tactically sweep every room to make sure calvin's not there, and then lock down the room, perhaps with the aid of a thermal camera. i'm not sure if calvin emits body heat, because it's never specified in the movie, but i'm sure to release some signature that shows that he's there. we see minutes later, why not tactically sweeping the rooms and checking to make sure calvin isn't attached to anyone was a big mistake, because one of the crew members falls extremely ill. it turns out that calvin was attached and feeding off his leg the entire time. i have two [ __ ] questions, how do you not feel an alien [ __ ] eating your leg? and how do the other people let the alien get to the injured dude's leg in the first place? should there be someone watching the injured the crew try to figure out how to get the alien off the dude's leg. but if i were in this situation, i just let the alien eat the other dude. he's dead anyways, so while he's eating the other dude, you and your crew can get a chance to escape. however, of course, they don't do this, and they end up freeing the [ __ ] alien. in this situation, the only thing you can do is run. however, there's three people in the room, so what you definitely want to do is make sure the first one out of the room so the alien goes after the other two people. while running away from the aliens, i realize a good strategy is wait for the alien to get in view and stand behind a door. the alien will charge at you, and then you can simply close the door and strand the alien, potentially in a room. another strategy one of the crewmates uses is hiding inside the sleeping pod. i don't think this is a good strategy, considering, you know how strong the alien's grip force is, so would easily be able to break through the glass. the movie gives a nice pov of the alien, showing the alien eating drops of blood, like in a trail. so what i thought of is you could use the dead scientists from earlier, chop him into pieces and use him as bait for the alien. i would not only suggest using parts of him as bait, i would suggest keeping his body parts around you, so if the alien did chase you, it might latch onto his body part instead of yours, and you could just detach it. i also noticed you could definitely use an oxygen candle to remove calvin from your body. so all the crew members should definitely be carrying one at all times, as they're plentiful all over the ship. we see that calvin eventually follows the blood trail to the dead guy's body and absorbs all his mass, and calvin becomes bigger and stronger. i think it should be common sense that even if he's dead, you should either dispose of him or at least lock him in a room where calvin can't access. after the crew locks calvin out of the room and they're stuck inside, they look outside and they see what appears to be a rescue pot approaching them. however, they contact houston, and it's not actually a rescue pod. it's a pod designed to push the entire space station into orbit, thus trapping the monster in space, but also the crew as well. personally, i couldn't really find a way out of this, other than maybe lying to nasa and saying, you have the alien under control, but otherwise, i think you're pretty [ __ ] if you're in this situation. cho the dude that was hiding in a sleepy pod earlier. believes it's the rescue pod because he's not with the other people, so you can't see outside. so he goes to open the door. however, as he opens it, he starts slowly getting sucked out into space. the other two crewmates attempt to save him. however, they realize that calvin has attached to himself, to his leg. so they realize they're pulling in a dead man, basically. honestly, if i were the situation, i would cho i would just sacrifice myself and get sucked out in space with calvin, maybe saving the other two crewmates. and after the other two crewmates, i would definitely not save cho one. thing i did notice though that whenever a character leaves the area, they never close the door behind them. how do you not know calvin isn't behind you? the remaining two members of the crew, out of desperation, decides that one of them needs to sacrifice. there's two final escape pods. one decides that they're gonna lure calvin in the escape pod and go to space, and the other is gonna take the escape pod back to earth. now, can anyone tell that this plan sounds incredibly stupid. why don't they just lure calvin to the other end of the space station and both take the space shuttles back to earth? unluckily for the guy, he never had my advice in front of him, so he decides he needs to sacrifice himself. so the dude brings a bunch of oxygen candles to his escape pod, luring calvin inside, and then the girl goes to her own escape pod and launches up. they both leave the space station at the same time. the final scene of the movie is left purposely confusing. the dude's pod starts getting controlled by calvin, and the pod starts flying deep into space. or so we think, because it actually turns out calvin forced the dude's pod to go back to earth, and the girls pod ends up malfunctioning and going to space. so they sort of swap positions. the pod lands in china an ocean where a bunch of fishermen are fishing. they open up the pod and they see calvin has formed a cocoon around the dude's body and is slowly eating him. now, with a fisherman, i definitely would not open a capsule containing an alien. that's best for the government agencies to handle. now overall, i rate this film as not beatable, mainly because you're trapped on the international space station. so even if you manage to defeat the alien, i'm betting the government is going to take the safe route and blow you into space. and that alien is literally indestructible, so you can't actually kill it. anyways. thank you all so much for watching. make sure to like and subscribe if you enjoyed the video, and comment what video you want to be done next. thank you all so much for the support. we're almost at 9 000 subscribers, so i thank you all so much for that. and hopefully we can get that number up higher. 