welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition, aka your insider on the outside air. and this video, are breaking down episode 7 of the show. last week ended on a big cliffhanger. in this episode definitely feels like one of the most tense yet. we're gonna be going over the entire entry as a whole and giving our thoughts on it. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything potentially ruin it, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, thank you, as always, for clicking the video. now let's get into our breakdown of the outsider, episode 7. okay, so episode 7 centers around Holly and where we left her last week. the episode does an excellent job of making us think that she's on the highway to hell. and while she comes out of it okay, by the end, the 50 minute long ride really has he fearing for her safety at points. D'Andrea itself has a feeling of people being doomed to their fate. and this is exemplified in the opening shots when we see a cockroach sprawled on its back. this signifies a lot throughout the episode, and it can be applied to several characters. when a cockroach has had its nervous system compromised because of insecticide, the creature will often flip onto its back and have spasms. it's pretty much a death sentence for the roach, as it's very unlikely that it will ever return to its upright position. it is possible that it will, but oftentimes the cockroach is stuck like this until it dies instantly. this can be applied to Jack, who is now 100% connected to the outsider. and should Holly survive, she will bring this to people's attention. jack has gone fully off the deep end and is unlikely to come back to his normal, upright position. and at points, similar to the cockroach, he himself ends up in the woods, scrambling on his back from the roach. we cut to Ralph and his bed on his back, and then he sits upright. Ralph's belief in the rational has impeded the case and left him unaccepting of the truth behind it. many police officers before him have to been solid in his mindset. and the cell cuoco has been able to continue its killing spree for centuries. similar to the cockroach, they have been stuck in a position, unable to move. but what's interesting about this shot with Ralph on his back is that he sits up. this shows that he may have broken free of being stuck and is now willing to progress on the case with an open mind, though he's still not fully on board. there are hints throughout the episode that he's slowly starting to come around. keeping an open mind pretty much became a catchphrase in the source material, and personally, I believe that's what's represented here. it's a beautiful introduction. and I can't believe I've spent over a minute talking about something that happens over about the space of three seconds. this hub of Ralph's coming around is quickly squandered, though when he tears down sketches of the creature. I believe that these may be put up in the future to signify his acceptance of the supernatural. and this episode is very much about him beginning to believe. Jack does tell a joke about how many shrinks it takes to change a light bulb, and he says that it's only one, and that it's the light bulb that really has to want to change. this highlights that Ralph can do it, but he has to want to. it's not long before he realizes that Holly has been kidnapped. and Ralph could also have other big problems on his hands. we learned that glory could be contemplating soon the police department. and though she initially states that she doesn't really want to, this mindset changes throughout the episode. we also see that they finally found a nanny that wasn't a reporter, and she's returning to work. so she has turned to an upright position. however, she quickly flips back over and becomes stuck when shiba rights clients and we realized that three weeks was probably too soon to return to work. she gave us a strange pitch to them, and it's a bold one, I'll admit, but, you son of a [ __ ]. I mean, it really seems like she wants to be as far away from the case as possible and not see the police department. but after being said to be broke, she changes her mind and decides to go ahead with it. we then finally could to Holly and Jack, and the tension is at fever pitch. jack spews dialogue about how he didn't really believe in anything growing up, but now he does. since encountering the outsider, he doesn't even seem like he's hiding anything. and instead, this car ride, early on, even sounds like a therapy session. he spouts about how the creature is endless and could date back to before the Big Bang, and how there may even be others. Holly did say last week that the creature wasn't of this world. and because of this, we guessed it could be from another dimension or from space, similar to penny wise. both penny wise now cuckoo, feed on emotion and shape-shift. and it is possible that they are both millions of years old. we do know from Kings work that there are also others out there like it. Jack feels like he's the dominant one here, and this is why he doesn't mind confessing to Holli. it seems like he wants to work with her. but every time he does, the rash flies up. he asks why al cuoco chose him, and is said that it focuses on people who are dealing with loss and pain. as mentioned earlier, it feeds on emotion. and where Pennywise fed on PA her kooka feeds on grief and despair. jack, as we know lost his mother recently and his wife left him, and this is why he was in a vulnerable position that enabled him to be chosen. we've theorized that claude will be the next target, and this is given wait here when we see him losing his job because of the fight of the strip club last week. he's clearly a man down on his luck. and we already know that al cuoco is transforming into him, due to the fact that when it was Terry and cut him, al cuoco operates by cutting someone, and then from this, it takes their DNA and is able to mimic their appearance. we know the monster is currently going through a transformation, and as Claude has just been let go, it provides the outsider with the perfect victim. the manager does say later in the episode that he quit, but it doesn't really come across like that. I could imagine that ship could be found as the suspect of a crime, that many would hold this job loss against him is something that could have pushed him over the edge. later in the episode, Holly confirms that Claude is the next victim. there is a ticking clock against him that I'll talk about at the end of the video, Ralph and Polly discover Jack's room and see that as blood everywhere because of the fight that he had with his mother. instantly they assume that he's kidnapped and killed Holly. and they managed to track the two using their phones. Colin says that she's transferring from the department due to life being easier out of the way of the murders. Polly does the old I need the toilet trick, and the tried and tested method of getting out of something nearly works, but Jack asks more questions, and then she uses the next-in-line excuse of having a period. God knows, saying, I'm on my period has gotten me out of some tight situations, am I right? girls? she even tries to climb out of the bathroom window, and clearly Jack hasn't seen, well, anything other than a strip club dance before she manages to get away. and Ralph and Pelle have similar conversation to Holly and Jack about the supernatural. pally discusses his childhood in which he encountered something strange in the woods, but Ralph shrugs it off, showcasing he refuses to believe in the woods Jack puts a gun in his mouth, but kampala trigger and the ends on his back, sprawling around, much like the cockroach at the start. Holly makes it back to Ralph's and she discusses what's been going on. this confirmation that the outsider only feeds on children and that Jack may have wanted to take her to a kill box. there is some way given to the theory that he may have been grappling with everything, as the gas station was in the opposite direction to the barn, but we just don't know for definite. Jack is a slave to Al cuoco, similar to how Tracy Powell was. and we see that Ralph's refusal to believe anything is what's holding the case back. Ralph is pretty much standing in the way of everything, and it's time he either gets with the program or gets out of the way. he goes to his therapist and tries to find someone who was on his side about it. and Holly has a nightmare at the end that she was murdered by Jack, which could indicate that Al cuoco is in ahead and haunting her. it is possible that Jack could now be hunting her, as we did see that he was alive and making his way back to town. Ralph needs to get into the investigation ASAP, otherwise she could become someone that'll cuoco tormance next. and whatever happens, something needs to change. from next week's episode, we can see that jack is now out and about killing people with his rifle. this indicates how far he has come and what he is willing to do. is a police manhunt out for him. so he'll have to do whatever he can to avoid the long arm of the law. the investigation seems to be making headway, as they brought Claude in for questioning and asking if he feels like something is fixated on him. Ralph isn't there, but as we know, he's slowly starting to open up. and this could also be cemented by his first encounter without cuoco, which appears to be in his home. there's also a masked festival in which a child goes missing at the person who looks to be escorting the boy away appears to be caught on the surface, though his base is hidden behind a mask, but body-wise, they look very similar. this could show that the outsider didn't have time to fully change its appearance. but as it was about 90% there. it's decided that it's close enough. Claude looks like he's being locked up, and the fight for his freedom will likely be what concludes the season. there's lots of things going on. and overall, this was another gripping episode, and with just three left, I can't wait to see what happens. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on episode 7 and what you thought of this season so far. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our entire breakdown of the season so far. we've got a big playlist of a ton of videos on the show, so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to support the channel from is that this 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. you get access to content early, and can also suggest video topics and breakdowns. you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey, I'll click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people or subscribe to the channel. and this month, you can win the nfinity saga box. set. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you soak with notifications on the winners. gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of march. it's the best of luck that everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 