it's a boy girl thing, is a romantic comedy movie which got released in 2006. let's now get into the plot of the movie. vody and nel are neighbors and former childhood friends who go to the same high school, but are otherwise completely different. woody is a popular varsity football player, while nell is a girl who loves literature but lacks social skills. they loathe each other and are constantly in dispute. one day, the class goes on a school trip to a museum, and they are forced to work together on an assignment. they quickly began arguing in front of a statue of the ancient aesthetic god, tess catley poker. as they argue, the statue casts a spell upon them, causing them to wake up in each other's bodies. the next morning, when they arrive at school, they immediately blame each other for the body swap, but agree to pretend to be the other person until they can find a way to switch back. at first they seem to succeed, but then they return to arguing quickly when they feel the other is misrepresenting them in the opposite body, such as vody in nell's body answering a question oddly, and surprising a teacher. the following day, nell, in woody's body, arrives at school wearing she knows and an oxford cotton button down, making woody's appearance look docky, which frustrates woody. and he's even more frustrated after he hears about how nell invudes body failed woody's football practice the previous day. as payback, woody, in nell's body, dresses in inappropriate and provocative clothing. the following day after school, nell, in retaliation, breaks up with bryanna, woody's girlfriend, much to the disappointment of foodie. the humiliation competition continues when woody drives off with a biker boy, nikki, and makes nell think she is going to lose her virginity. however, woody decides it is so gay and leaves nikki just as he is removing his clothing. the following day, rumors are being spread around school by nikki about his night with nel. when nell finds out, she gets very upset. when woody finds nell, he admits that he didn't actually lose nell's virginity, that everyone was simply spreading nikki's lies. however, nell is still let down. and so woody decides to confront nikki. it turns out that vody in nell's body can't fight him, and nell in woori's body runs up and punches him in the face. after this, nel and woody reach a truce and realize that the statue of tess catley poker at the museum had something to do with their body swap. they head down to the museum. and even after confronting the statue, they failed to return to their original bodies. they realized they are going to have to help each other in two important upcoming events. nell must learn how to play football for woody's homecoming game, and woody must learn about poetry and literature for nell's yale interview. later that night, nell in wuri's body is getting drunk at a party, while vodi in nell's body is stuck at a slumper party, listening to all the gossips about himself and is surrounded by nail polish, pajamas, slippers and gets a bikini wax. after spending so much time together, nell and vodi become very fond of each other and start to understand each other better. the night before the interview and the game they agreed to go to the homecoming dance together, as not a date. the day of the interview and match, woody goes to yale for the interview, and at first messes things up and is asked to leave. but he starts to speak about poetry in rap, which impresses and astonishes the interviewer. after that, he goes to the full board match and watches nell running the winning touchdown. in the closing seconds. a college recruiter witnesses his good performance and wants to talk to him later. after the game, they congratulate each other for their successes. shortly after this, the spell lifts and they returned to their original bodies. the scene finishes with woody being kissed by bryanna and nell going home very upset about it. the following day, worry tries to talk to nel, but is stopped by her mother, who sees woody's family as uneducated. nell receives an acceptance letter from yale, meaning that her interview, done by vodi in her body, was successful. however, she's still upset with woody and decides not to go to the homecoming dance. meanwhile, nell's father has a talk with her on the poach about woody, during which she confesses she truly likes him. and her father surprises her with a dress. woody and dryana are selected as the homecoming king and queen. and as the homecoming king and queen prepare to dance, and upset, woody sees nell and both confess their love for each other. and they leave the school together and share a kiss in front of their houses. there ends the movie. movie is a pretty good watch. however, the imdb rating for the movie 6.3 out of 10. 