quite an experience to live in fear, isn't it? that's what it is to be a slave. released in 1982, Blade Runner is a benchmark piece of cinema that puts an arthouse lens on the cyberpunk genre, and, for the first time on film, gave us an all-too believably human and overcrowded future. adapted from the book Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep by philip k. dick, this film was directed by Ridley Scott and stars Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young and Daryl Hannah, as well as an incredible score by Vangelis. this is Blade Runner crammed early in a 21st century the Tyrell corporation advanced robotic evolution int of a human-like Nexus phase known as replicants, which were used offworld as slave labor. after a bloody mutiny by a replicant combat team in an offworld colony, they were declared illegal back on earth, where special police squads called blade runners had orders to kill any trespassing replicant. this was not called execution. it was called retirement. across a hyper industrialized future la landscape, we track into an office room of a Tyrell corporation, pyramid superstructure - where a test is being performed for a series of questions designed to measure a person's level of empathy and weed out possible replicants. the examiner is caught off guard, however, during this voight-kampff test, as for Tyrell employee. across from him is indeed an Android, who blows him through a wall with a high-powered handgun down in the dense, multicultural street level where he's enjoying some noodles. Rick Deckard is found by a vice detective called gaff who flies him out by hover car over the nighttime skyscrapers to the police HQ. his old chief pulls him back into active duty as a Blade Runner in order to hunt down for replicants that have returned to Earth in a stolen shuttle and have already attempted an attack on the Tyrell corporation that made them. originally a group of six, which prompted the voight-kampff tests on four new employees to catch out any infiltrators conducted by Deckard's unfortunate predecessor, as well as the simple heavy-lift Accord Leon. the group includes a trained combat killer model called Zora, a simple pleasure model called Priss, and is led by Roy batty, an advanced Nexus 6 model with increased training and intelligence. gaff makes origami figures, while Deckard is sent over to the Tyrell corporation himself in order to ensure that the void camp test could catch out in advance Nexus 6 model like Roy batty, by testing it out on a model of their own. in the decadent upper levels of a pyramid, he meets dr. Eldon Tyrell and his assistant, and Rachel on, whom he wants to see for tests return a human negative result before seeing a positive. worth work girl, approve, indulge me. it takes some time, but Deckard discovers that she is, in fact, an advanced prototype replicant, but believes she is human. she's been implanted with the memories of Tyros nice in order to give her an emotional framework for a more human response, as a safety measure in order to stop them from developing their own off-the-book personalities. over an extended period of time, replicants are hamstrung with the ultimate failsafe, a four-year lifespan. as Liam's registered apartment is being investigated for clues. he and Roy walk the night streets to visit Hannibal Chu, a genetic scientist responsible for designing their replicant eyes. if only you could see what I have seen. Roy seeks information from his Creator that can help extend his 4-year lifespan. and once access to dr. Tyrell, he learned of another gifted designer called jf. Sebastian, who might be someone they can use to get inside the Tyrell corporation before killing - as he drives around the city, Deckard keeps listening to Leon's interview with his predecessor, and returns home to discover Rachel has been waiting for him ever since his visit. dr. Eldon Tyrell has lost interest in Rachel as a project and won't see her. she tries to prove that she is a real human but Deckard has read her file and can recount personal memories for only she should know. he's hard on her, but regrets it once it's clear that she's deeply upset. Deckard tries to offer her a drink, but she leaves instead. the replicant press waits outside of jf Sebastian Department under the guise of a scared, homeless orphan, and he lets her in to stay overnight and have a hot meal. he's a gifted and odd man who built his own toy animatronic friends in his spare time and lives alone in a complete apartment block. so he's happy for a company. Deckard dreams of a unicorn before enhancing one of her photographs taken from Leon's apartment to discover Zora was fair along with the scales from an artificial snake thanks to a cellular level serial number. he tracks down the person who made the snake, and but one was recently sold down in Chinatown for use in an exotic show. he visits downtown and rubs shoulders with some old contacts, but after a drink or two, called Rachel to see if she'd like to join him. that's not her kind of hangout, however, and she hangs up feeling guilty about her he remains at the bar to discover Zora is working Vera's a snake dancer, posing backstage as somebody from the entertainment industry. he approaches aura to look for clues in her dressing room while she changes, but she sees through the ruse and nearly kills him before escaping onto the streets. it's a cramped chase fit is more cat and mouse for a densely packed Chinatown with an incredible range of people and cultures all living on top of each other, before Deckard gets a line of sight and manages to gun her down on the street. Leon watches honors at least disperse four crowd and a visibly shaken Deckard stops for a moment to collect himself. with a drink, gaff takes him to meet the chief, who tells him that Rachael is now on the hit list too, as she has recently left the tyrell corporation--. pyramid without authorization, making her another illegal replicant on the streets, he spots Rachael out in the crowd, but is accosted by Leon. nothing is worse than having an itch you can never scratch. he demands to know about his own life span before easily disarming him and beating him of superior strength. he's about to kill Dec heart, but he's shot through the head at the last moment by Rachael. they both returned to his apartment for a drink, and Rachael is still struggling to understand herself as being a product of business development instead of an actual person, trying to reconcile her implanted memories alongside her own self-awareness as a rogue replicant, she's now a liability to society. and asks their card if he would hunt her as a Blade Runner if she tried to flee north. he explains that he owes her one for Leon, but if somebody would be sent after her, she asks after her own files on her lifespan but decade. pretends he hasn't seen the information. you know, that flight contest of yours? ever take that test yourself? Deckard and Rachael gets close before he makes an aggressive, passive-aggressive, mixed move on her, until she agrees that she wants to sleep with him. over at Sebastian's proced dolls herself up, much to the concern of his other toys, and quizzes him on his medulla syndrome that makes him grow old. it's an accelerated rate, keeping him busy, until boy turns up. the implied threat of their present starts to dawn on jf, despite his apparent lack of social experience. and struggling with his new emotions. Roy tells pris that they are the only two left as a genetic designer. Sebastian conceived a Troy is a high-level replicant, and he's coerced by the two of them into taking them up to meet dr. Tyrell face to face. jf and Tyrell have a long-standing chess game, and Roy uses Vicis bait when Sebastian gets into the higher pyramid levels in the late night. Bishop keen servant, checkmate. I think, as an intellectual Tyrell is intrigued by the sudden excellent moves in bed chess game, and invites jf up to the final levels as he's curious to see what's on the designers mind. it's his undoing, and Tyrell recognizes immediately what's going to happen. [Music]. Roy has come to query Tyrell on a number of advanced genetic and cellular technics that might be used to extend his replicant lifespan. but Tyrell has already fought off and tried from all with no success. Roy is sweating freely now, and doesn't appear to have much time left. I've done questionable things with no hope of reprieve. he kills his maker, to Sebastian's horror, before killing him to again, processing his emotions as he leaves. following the discovery of their bodies, Deckard goes to visit Sebastian's apartment block, wandering the atrophied maze of the building before finding Sebastian's quarters and all of his toys. Chris hides in plain sight, is another one of the dolls, before trying to scissor his head off and going in with an acrobatic attack for the kill. he manages to shoot her down in a horrifying scene of agonized spasming like a haywire machine. Deckard then hides for an ambush shot as Roy laments the end of his friends with a kiss, but is unable to score a hit on for superior specimen. Roy knows fit he's going to die, and that Deckard is no match for him, so he toys with a Blade Runner, breaking his fingers for his lost comrades, before returning his gun and allows Rick ahead starts before he comes for the kill, experiencing another moment of genuine grief over Crist's there is a nature of an animal hunter about Roy. as Deckard realizes he is completely outmatched and loses his gun in a bid to escape, Roy's body starter shuts down, but he forces himself on word through the experience of pain, just to last a little longer. Deckard makes it out onto the ledge, still taunted by Roy, and climbed to the roof of a building. he tries a desperate leap to the structure next door, but barely manages to grab onto a beam. as he struggles helplessly, Roy leaps over to join him, but at the last moment, decides to save Deckard's life. it's the end game for the replicant. and in the final moments of his life, Rory reconciles with his own mortality. I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. and expresses the loss of the accumulated experiences that made up his life. all those moments will be lost in time like tears. [Music]. it's hard to read into what Deckard is thinking in this moment, but it clearly has a profound impact on him. he's picked up by gaff who seems to be aware that Rachael is staying with him. and he returns to his apartment, fearing that she too might be dead. he's relieved to only find her sleeping. and despite replicants being illegal, he appears to run away with Rachael in the end, but not before finding one of gaffs origami figures outside of his apartment. it saw a unicorn, like for one in Deckard's dreams, indicating four gaff has a literal insight into Deckard's mind. [Music]. thank you very much for watching, guys. I hope you've enjoyed having Blade Runner crammed inside of you. here on film cram, I'm trying to offer a full-on recap of a film, instead of just some sort of two minutes and Optus in a manner that can hopefully both tell the story, but also invoke some of the feelings and tones of a full version. so I hope this gives you a better impression of Blade Runner with an element of nostalgia if you've seen it before, all in the space of the tea break. so get in the comments and leave me your feedback. and of course, these things take ages to put together, so I'd love it if you'd subscribe. take care. 