you've been there all through the years? Lucy, well, actually, I have gone home. and Andy and I have taken some vacation. one year we went to bla Bora. hey everyone, welcome back to another breakdown of twin peaks' Greg and Ryan here. this is part 14 of the return. now before we get started, make sure to hit that subscribe button, because the universe Channel has all kinds of good stuff, recovering Game of Thrones, recovering Rick and Morty, and of course, we got Twin Peaks. alright, everyone, let's jump right in and talk about Judy. oh, damn it, not again. right off the top. this is my favorite part. I guess not episode their parts. so this is my favorite part of the return so far. I'm a floor guy. but you know, tell me, what is? what is it the did it for you? on this the episode was titled we are like the dreamer, but you can also call this the Blue Rose episode, if you feel inclined. every single scene ends with a weird blue rose occurrence. Cole's dream and ease trip to the White Lodge, Chad's jail-cell experience, Freddy's blood story, Sarah freakin Palmer, and even the Roadhouse seen as a weird vibe to it. what's your mom's team penis? there is also a distinct theme of storytelling in this episode that goes with some of those things. in particular, there are at least four times the characters tell stories to other characters. Albert tells the story of the blue rose case to Tammy. Cole describes his dream about Monica Bellucci. Freddy tells about how he got his pile-driving green Club. and Megan tell Sophie about the night Billy went missing. I think you could also make the case that there is a fifth story told when the fireman, by the way, he has a name, now, gets Andy up to speed on the whole plot so far. and that theme of storytelling has a lot to do with more building and world building. and I think that like just rests squarely on the mark frost side of the Twin Peaks morning. part 14 opens with a phone call from Gordon Cole to sheriff Truman. this begins with what has to be the most enduringly typical Twin Peaks interaction between Cole and Lucy Brennan. Cole conversation with Truman is almost painfully brief. given everything that you should be telling each other. Truman does not pass on any specifics of their investigation. does not mention major Briggs or his notes, and does not bring up the room. 3:15, King only communicates the discovery of the missing pages of Laura's diary. and quote to Cooper's. something also worth noting there is that we are still missing a page with Laura Palmer's diary. and that's starting to feel like a weird, like, you know, who gaze at this point, like we're supposed to be thinking about that, and then ain't never coming back. it's going to be, it's going to be one of the hanging chads of this series. we're not going to have any idea in any case. to Cooper's dovetails nicely into the next scene with Albert and Tammy. yes, Albert lays out the history of the terminology of the Blue Rose, tracking it all the way back to a case that Cole and Phillip Jeffries worked on involving a woman named Lois Duffy. Blue Rose cases seem to be more than just weird phenomenon occurrences such as the x-files, and actually deal with cases involving doppelgangers, or s cami puts it once, still alive at Oak Sona quick Google search, a sofa is defined as theoretical in nature, and originates from Tibetan mythology, where Tobi's are described as extra bodies that were created from one person's mind in order to travel to spiritual realms. I also like a lot about that scene, is that the way that Albert talks to Tammy, like he tells the story, but then he asked her what she thinks is the most important next question. and that's sort of like that mentor style that we actually saw in fire walk with me, with that with Chuck Desmond and Sam Stanley in their car ride problem. so it's cool, this still has that echoed, still feels like the same show. I thought somebody said that the window washer reminded them of the way the woodsman move, which is kind of actually almost interesting enough. like, there could be some spies out there trying to figure out what they're up to, and like, you know, window washer kind of almost classic, you know, bad spy movie. like, you know, trick to have a window washer out there. we find out that Diane may be the estranged stepsister of Janie, the e stands for evans, apparently. okay, sure. at this point you can't tell whether or not, okay, who's got the upper hand on who, right? because they know that she's going to lead them to Vegas, right? so at this point, she knows that they are going to ask her about Vegas, yes? like, can't tell. mr. C has this all planned out in advance, and he knows that he just needs to get them to Vegas no matter what, right? like, something else to about this is that we only got a couple of episodes left of the show. like, they can't dilly-dally a lot more with, like, trying to get to Vegas, try to get to dougie there. there are 23 Douglas Jones's in the Las Vegas area. and how are the FBI going to be able to find all of them? don't I and by the way, those two guys, they seem like, maybe mildly more confident in the go brothers, we don't know if I'm Motel, like they don't. they can't bumble around for two episodes wait for Prince to come back in a night like this is it has to go quick style. hmm. I knew this was going to be my favorite episode, right? Wayne Gordon Cole says, and last night I had another Monica Bellucci dream. I just sunk into my couching way. so to me, this is like, this is like David Lynch doing, like, a, like a David Lynch perfume commercial as a dream, with very like, self-aware recognition that he is now David Lynch doing David Lynch in a David Lynch movie, like a dream. okay, but whose dream is it? right? that's the question. that's the question she poses. I don't even want to start listing off names or anything, but it obviously, it could be anybody. I'll toss a couple out there. okay, David Lynch, mark frost, those are mine right now. the audience us, yeah, I'm going outside of the plot on this one. this feels so much more meta than, yeah, then just like a plot angle. I think this is almost like Lynch and Frost, like admitting that there's like a sort of, you know, self-discovery angle to the concept in the whole series. please just don't egg on the last seen with someone waking up from a dream. I don't want that something else. Dale Cooper is there, although he can't see Dale safe, not yet. and he's able to sort of look back in time to the moment in fire walk with me when Phillip Jeffries appears at the FBI office. some very astute viewers noticed that there is a slight dialog tweak between the original fire walk with me scene and the scene in the show. apparently they got a voice actor to do his lines over. what's great about this is that that moment in fire walk with man stood out for so long, and to like kind of finally have it recognized again, I think we would, we sort of saw this coming. but the last time I watched fire walk with me, that scene was bothering me, and not because, like, I knew David Bowie wasn't coming back to the show or anything like that, but it was just this, like, he him pointing right at Dale and saying, that was just like, okay, there's me. it's how much of this did they know 25 years ago? last little detail in that scene is that, as Monica Bellucci is talking, she's got her hands in a very, like, specific sort of gesture that some people have pointed out, looks like really good Twin Peaks. symbols. okay, back up between Peaks. Police Department. we start off with the gang spending Chad up the river, and you are under arrest. [ __ ], so long. [ __ ]. next up, Truman Hawk. Bobby and Andy finally head into the woods to the location on major Briggs a secret note. they arrive at Jackrabbits palace and sit here and think up great tall tales. from there, they put the soil in their pockets and had 253 yards east to the exact location on the interpreters note. when they arrived, it gets really weird. there's a cloud of smoke and a naked woman lying on the ground. it's the woman with no eyes that Cooper saw in part 3. according to the credits, her name is na ito. the clock hits 253, portal opens up, and then we get one of my favorite scenes of the entire run of the return, and maybe Twin Peaks in general. Andy goes to the White Lodge and II suddenly has an object in his hands, and smoke forms above his head. he looks up at the ceiling and watches a neat nothing but the hits. Twin Peaks clip show, we get the birth of Bob the old convenience store with the woodsman. the pain and sorrow brought to the town of Twin Peaks. a picture of Laura and too dangerous, because, you know, a clip of Nadeau Cooper mr. C a phone ringing. Lucy and Andy. Nadeau again, and the electrical post with the number six from part six and fire walk with me. once everything is downloaded into Andy's brain, he tells the gang they need to protect me. i Ito. we need to get her down the mountain. she's very important, and there are people that want her dead. lastly, at the beginning of that sequence, when they get out of the car, before they go to jack rabbits palace, there's a humming, buzzing electrical wires. and that just got me thinking, like, you know, electrical wires are everywhere, and they're like spread out over the landscape. and electricity is like, sort of like the evil technology, and it's sort of spreading its tentacles out over the pristine wilderness. I gave me this kind of sense of dread, where it's like if they're watching over everything that is everywhere. next up we get Lucy giving Nadeau her pajamas that were in her locker. Chad and another guy are locked up down there. the other guys at drunk bleeding from his mouth, and mimics everything in the room. chad is basically in his own personal hell, which I think he totally deserved. he has quit policemen a bad name. also something else, Thanks. the drunk looks really messed up. there's something really bad about his face. and I like that this is still continuing. that, like Cronenberg asked, body horror. that like, there's the in the continuing mystery of, like, what the heck is wrong with the bodies of people incoming people? drugs. you don't know what it is just yet. just when you thought you finally had the show figure it out, we get a guy with a magic green glove. I know nothing. you know nothing at the Great Northern. we find out that James is a security guard. oh, and it's his birthday. well, happy birthday, Jimmy. this is a real occasion. here we meet Freddie Sykes. he has a green rubber glove, and apparently he's destined to be in Twin Peaks. once you've got the glove on, to Twin Peaks, Washington, United States of America, and then you will find your destiny. okay, all right, all right. yeah. it would be awesome to see Freddie arm wrestle mr. C, or something to that extent. but the storyline may end with something very anticlimactic. it just doesn't seem like they would have a scene where he punches mr. C, or something weird happens. I think it's going to be something completely different than anything. we think, well, he probably won't take out mr. C, but he could get Chantelle or hutch or something like that. but I gotta admit, I the very first thing I thought about was arm rest until our starting positions more comfortable. the scene also raises a few nagging questions. if the fireman could open a vortex in some random London alleyway, what is up with this epic search for coordinates over the entire season and up to the last 25 years? at some point wouldn't major Briggs ask a fireman, can you hook me up with a portal to over here or over there? furthermore, if the fireman could talk to this London party animal so succinctly and clearly, why the esta T speaking codes and riddles to Dale and in wild confusing imagery - Andy. and further, furthermore, what's with this elaborate plan to convince this kid from England to go to Twin Peaks? wouldn't it be simpler to find a dopey party animal in Twin Peaks and lead them to a much closer green gardening glove? the message is so straightforward, but the plan is so convoluted. how do we even know that he saw the actual fireman? I mean, this is more the mo of Duncan Tod modus operandi. anyway, this part ends with James checking out the furnace room, where we again hear the mysterious ringing sound of the Great Northern Hotel. people have fairly pointed out that this would be the furnace room at the end of the European version of the clink. teks pilot for Dale Cooper, and sheriff Harry Truman finds Bob, who is murdered by Mike. and now for our weekly check-in with Sarah Palmer. we're cool. it's all good. you know what? you have a nice night. in short, Sarah Palmer Gore is a truck driver at the Elks Point number nine bar. shortly before that, she does a Laura Palmer style face-off, revealing a swirling cloud of electricity, a hand with a darkened spirit mount finger and a spooky grin. going back to the sort of Blue Rose theme of the episode, I'm starting to think that there could be two Sara Palmer's. like there is a hysterical, panic, frightened Sarah Palmer, and then we also see the Sarah Palmer who is cold, calculating, and now can not someone's neck off. yeah, sure is a mystery. could it be that the thing in Sarah Palmer's kitchen is Sarah Palmer? I kept watching that boxing scene over and over just to see if there were two different set of Palmer's that are walking in and out of that room. Candell couldn't tell. but we do know now really conclusively, that there is something way scarier, mr. see ya in the show. part 14 closes out with yet another detached scene at the Roadhouse. however, this time the two women, Megan and Sophie, are talking about the missing filly, and, to a lesser extent, Paula's sweater, which Megan borrowed or stole. the main thing here is that Megan gives the glory account of the night Billy went missing, there was blood coming out of nose and mouth. he goes and hangs his head in the sink, such as gushing like a waterfall. the ties us together even more is that Megan says her mom is named Tina, which we can infer is the Tina who Charlie called in part 13. that would make Chuck Megan's uncle, not Tina's husband. for everybody trying to make sense of the Roadhouse. Audrey Horne plot, Charlie, all right, guys, we're going to get into Easter eggs and some theories we have. and a few comments. too many people noticed in the closing credits that this episode was dedicated to David Bowie. and to me, I hate to say this, I think that means we're not getting any new Chloe material. you know, they they pulled an old shot out of fire walk with me, and that's what they use. and they chose this time to dedicate the episode to him. I think that's what we're getting. another thing that I liked was at the beginning of the Twin Peaks Police Department scene. at the very beginning, Andy is perfectly arranging these matching Twin Peaks Police Department lunch boxes. and they bring in a box of sandwiches from the Double R diner, and he's just, he's placing the sandwiches out and saying exactly what they are. and that just made me think instantly of the scene in 2001 where they're going out to the Tycho crater to see the monolith. and these guys who know nothing about what is happening, and there's like hapless twits. all they're talking about is how good the sandwiches are in space. it just reminded me of that. also, that Jackrabbits palace would seem felt a lot like Wizard of Oz which, hey, makes sense for this episode. we already had David Bowie, like we said before, from the fire walk with me. seen my favorite line of that whole entire thing is, I'm not going to talk about Jude. in fact, we're not going to talk about Judy at all. we're going to keep her out Gordon to this day, until Frost and Lynch tell us otherwise. many fans and I have theorized that the Judy he's talking about is Judy Garland, aka his nickname for Garland bricks. that make sense. girl, OH. [Music]. jeweler's garland hands. he doesn't wanna talk about Judy because the guy writes their next film, he assumes is mr. Steve flash bomb and not Dale Cooper. he'll god damn baby. I found something, something cool from Ramone to rent a on Twitter. Andy's little wooden memory box that he gets from the fireman actually seems to resemble some of Lynch's artwork from the past. actually, you should just go over to his Twitter. we've put it in the description. there's a lot of comparisons of Lynch's art to parts of Twin Peaks. return ya. when you're done here, go straight to that. it's pretty freakin awesome. the Jambo one in the YouTube comments says, after watching this episode with Audrey, I personally believe Lynch is not just rearranging these timelines and sequences, but showing different dimensions, a sort of subconscious and conscious in Twin Peaks. I specifically think about how the people in the diner are changed just in a frame during that credit scene. also one of the different frames, including the missing Billie storyline. like in Audrey scenes, I have a hunch that Audrey scenes are not based in reality. and the corresponding storyline during the diner scene makes me also believe that some scenes in Twin Peaks are not based in reality. this is actually kind of a good point, which is that most of the time when we've been talking about the different timelines, we've been talking about where events occur in relation to each other. and the idea that there actually are, like there is a conscious and a subconscious to the town, or that there are different dimensions, actually take things to a different level that is totally plausible. Coffee time. thanks everybody for watching that. we only have four episodes left. we'll see you all next week. again, if we missed anything, let us know in the comment section down below. and you can only set us up on Twitter throughout the week, even leading up to the next episode. our handles are in the description below. later guys, 