Dougy, you're on an interesting fellow. hey everyone, Greg here. welcome back to the universe and our breakdowns for Twin Peaks, the return. this is episode 6. now you'll notice that Ryan is not with me this week, as he is away at e3. he'll be returning next week, and we'll get back to our regular scheduled programming as we answer your questions and theories on everything going on so far in the season. now first, make sure to subscribe to get spot universe. you can stay up to date with the rest of our TV coverage. we got American Gods covered by chastity and buddy, as well as Fargo covered by the other Ryan. now before we get started, I just want to give a quick shout out to the legend Gene Kelly. [ __ ], Gene Kelly, you. [ __ ]. Thank You. Albert, all right, so let's jump right in. we finally know who Albert and Cole were talking about during the Blue Rose conversation. don't know where she lives, I know where she drinks. it's Diane, who, of course, is played by Laura Dern. the second Albert said, Diane, I think we all knew would be dirt Diane, 7:30 a.m. at where a 24. after 26 years, we finally are introduced to the women who long ago received Dale Cooper 's dictated tapes and sent him a pair of earplugs. now during is a long time Lynch collaborator, having starred in blue velvet, wall, dead heart and Inland Empire. next up, Balthasar Gettys character reappears after the last time we saw him in the Roadhouse at the end of part two. but this episode formally introduces us to the criminal character named red. have you ever studied your hand? red engages in some criminal activity with local [ __ ] richard horn and then shows him a very creepy magic trick. the whole scene felt very blue velvet. the only thing missing was someone huffing gas. so last week, Lorne was sexually harassing women at a Roadhouse, and this week, in an attempt to top his actions from last week, he runs over a kid, and barely seems to notice or care. he's hopped up on whatever that new drug is, and is completely blinded by his own rage just from red calling him kid. kid [ __ ], you man, I'm actually pretty happy that Richard isn't the kingpin of this drug organization. he seems to just be a tool to explore this dark, youthful vice. entering Twin Peaks, these [ __ ] little towns are pushover. law enforcement's asleep at the wheel. [ __ ] Sheriff here's like 90 years old or something. Harry Dean freakin, Stanton finally returns. the last time we saw Carl, rod was in fire walk with me as a proprietor of the fat trout trailer park. apparently this is the new fat trout trailer park that is located closer to Twin Peaks. in a secret history of Twin Peaks, the Trailer Park moved locations. now, one of the most interesting parts about Carl's return this week, after witnessing the hit and run, he sees the young boy's spirit leave his body and ascend to the sky. now, his visions could stem from his abduction as a child with the log lady. so already gone places, I just want to stay where I am. and it looks like dougie isn't the only one to have weird visions from beyond. as we mentioned earlier, the sound design is done by David Lynch. I noticed a few things before the hit and run that play well in Lynch's audio-visual themes. and Twin Peaks, Lynch sets us up with this idea like well-being of a small town America, represented by Carl on the bench, watching the trees as the birds chirp in the background. now this too good to be true happiness doesn't last too long, as Carl looks back up to the sky and notices that the birds have stopped chirping. it's just the wind blowing through the trees with that ominous hum. this segues right into Richard barreling down the road as his truck's engine is roaring in the background. now I may be thinking too far into this, but I see this as nature versus industry. as Richard represents this drugged youth culture taking over twin peaks and literally running over the idyllic vision of the town. I knew this episode is going to be pretty brutal after we got that shot of the traffic lights, given a sense of loneliness and impending doom to come. so Hawk finally finds his clue. the scene starts off with Hawk dropping a coin into a stall of the men's restroom the face on the coin was Native American. and perhaps he recalled the log ladies advice about his heritage. the way you will find it has something to do with your heritage. he then noticed that the door in the stall was created by the Nez Perce manufacturing. now, the Nez Perce, which is Hawks tribe, are mentioned a lot in the secret history of twin peaks, as they are the largest tribe. Lewis and Clark meet between the Missouri River and the Pacific coast in mark frost book, in an excerpt that will probably give Ken Burns an aneurysm, the tribe brings Meriwether Lewis to their chief, twisted hair, who gives him the Al Cave ring. back to present-day, hawk rips the door open to find some random pages. this is most likely Laura Palmer's secret diary. long story short, Annie Blackburn, played by Heather Graham, tells Laura, I've been with Dale, and Laura, the good Dale is in the lodge, and he can't believe write it in your diary. now, a lot would need to be explained for this to work. did Mike leave those pages in there? did leland leave those pages in there? the way the show is going, i fully expect this to probably just be a recipe for chocolate bunnies. it's not about the bunny. okay, I'll admit it, I'm starting to grow tired the dougie Jones Eraserhead Cooper character. I really hope he snaps out of it soon, or finds the light yet. the good news is we might not have to wait too long. one can look at Badalamenti score finally kicking into high gear in this episode. this could be a score rising back from the depths below as Cooper slowly regains his memory. [Music]. even Mike's tired of dougie. get might calls out from the Black Lodge to try to wake cooper up. learn yeah, good advice, Mike. Thanks. we then see Dale Cooper somehow manages to save Dougie's job this week, with the help of the green lights. again, dougie seems to make this ladder staircase. do it all across several pages. notably, though, all the drawn cases were presided over by a shady colleague, Anthony. apparently, Moen saw something in dougie scribbles that he liked, which he probably interpreted the notes as a secret clued Anthony shady business dealings. this scene was absolutely hilarious. thank you. alright, so coops got the coffee, he's got the suit and he's got the concept of being an agent again. what do you guys think is gonna be the final piece to bring him back? let me know in the comment section below. I have a feeling it's gonna be a familiar face, maybe Audrey's, that brings him back. or maybe a badge. he just needs a badge. I don't know. now, whatever Dale needs to wake up, you better [ __ ] hurry, because I to spike is coming to stab him in the face. Duncan Todd reappears for a brief moment when he's pinged by some mysterious entity on his computer, which, again, may have something to do with Phil Jeffries or this unknown billionaire. this leads to Todd sending an IKE to take out Tammy for not following through with Dougie's murder. and now Ike has a sight set on dougie. now, Mike may need to be a little bit more direct with dougie the next time he sends him a message. like a little man with an ice picks coming to stab you in the face. right? finally, I just want to bring up how bizarrely awesome Naomi Watts acting has been. we are not wealthy people. we try cheap, terrible cars. we are the 99 percenters, and we are [ __ ] on enough, and we are certainly not going to be [ __ ] on by the likes of you. in this scene, Janie was able to talk down the thugs fifty-thousand with compound interest, to only 20,000. keep note that these two thugs are not the same dudes we saw earlier in the series. this leads back to the idea that the guys from earlier are set on a completely different mission than the guys who just want this 20k from Dougie. oh, and Jeremy Davies, loved the stache. by the way. we are living in a dark, dark age, and you are part of the problem. now, some quick notes and Easter eggs I noticed in this episode. now, the intersection in the hit-and-run looks to be the same part of town or Mike Phillip Gerard yells at Leland and Laura and fire walk with me. the famous spark would in 21 lights. finally, appear in episode. after that hit-and-run, we can hear bottle women t-score kicking in, which may be a callback to his composition for city of the lost children. a new character shows up with Karl and his car ride in a town and mentions the name Linda. we may finally have our Linda to our Richard. all we know so far is that she's in a wheelchair, and she may be a veteran, due to Karl blurting out war. while gene Kelly's quote was awesome. I also love the line, Kate give to writes. Oh, bet she did. we may have finally heard that crappy hip-hop track for the last time with the death of Tammy. I just attributed that song to an audio visual cue for the audience to remind us who she is. also, I just want to bring up a quick note about Chad. you could take big soldier cue Chad, you and everybody who looks like you. and finally, I want to end this on the same note as part 6 has, with Sharon Van Etten's she's one of my favorite performers, and they absolutely love that Lynch had her played terrific in the Roadhouse while Lynch has been known to bring men to tears on camera multiple times throughout the history of the show, well, Anton can do the same. love surance music a stupidly large amount, and have for many years. and I'm a bit overwhelmed by this. thank you so much for watching. now I know we probably missed something in this episode, so let me know what it is in the comment section below, or just hit me up on Twitter at Greg ft 155. and as always, keep it here the GameSpot universe. bye, bye. 