welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about icu. 10 year old justin witter is abducted while riding his bicycle through a local park. greg harper, john tenney, is made lead detective on the case. evidence in the form of a green pocket knife is found, connecting this case to a previous series of abductions which resulted in the conviction of another man many years prior. harper's family is shown to be going through its own troubles based on an affair his wife, jackie helen hunt, had been engaged in. their son, connor judah lewis, is very resentful toward his mother because of the affair. mysterious events begin plaguing the house. all the silverware goes missing. several pictures are removed from their frames. jackie's favorite coffee mug goes missing, and a window repairman is let in by someone inside the house while the family is away. jackie goes into connor's room to pick up laundry and notices a strange mask under his bed. she doesn't ask about it. one day, jackie's former lover, todd sam trammell, arrives at the house, and while jackie is telling him she can't see him anymore. jackie's coffee mug comes from somewhere and strikes him on the head. jackie hides him in the basement so she can take connor to school. while looking around the basement, todd is hit over the head by an unknown assailant, and jackie comes home to find him dead. she panics and assumes that conor has killed todd. she and greg take the body to a wooded area and bury his body, hoping to give conor an alibi. while conor is on the computer, someone sends him a link to a video of someone walking around his own house. we see someone wearing the strange mask in the doorway to his room. greg and jackie return home to find connor tied up in the bathtub with a green pocket knife nearby. jackie drives connor to the hospital, while greg searches the house and is attacked with an axe by the frog masked figure. the film then jumps back in time and reveals that the mysterious happenings in the house are caused by two people, mindy blightbearer and alec owen teague, who have been frogging hiding in a house unbeknownst to the owners. in the harper home, mindy, an experienced frogger, tries to keep a very low profile so that she never gets caught. while novice frogger, alec, decides he wants to make the family believe they are going insane. every mysterious occurrence in the film is shown to have been caused by alec, including the missing silverware and todd's incapacitation. however, while todd is in the basement, mindy witnesses greg killing him. she goes to alert alec, only to see him putting connor in the bathtub. she argues with alec, who accidentally pushes her down the stairs, knocking her out. alec hides her in greg's car. greg and jackie return and find connor in the bathtub. jackie takes him to the hospital. after jackie leaves, greg takes his own car unknowingly taking mindy with him. mindy awakens in the car, and when she finds a bag of green pocket knives and justin witter's shirt, realizes that greg is the kidnapper. when greg parks the car in the forest, mindy sneaks out of the car, and calls 9-1-1, but doesn't have good enough reception for them to hear her. mindy finds an old trailer with all the abducted children trapped in makeshift closets. as mindy tries to free them, greg ambushes her and takes her back to his house. he forces her to stand up before shooting her dead. greg finally discovers mindy and alex things in the attic room. alec gets greg's attention with the record player and attacks him with the axe. greg knocks alec out, then stabs himself to make it appear that he's been attacked. alec reappears holding greg's gun and tells him he knows he's the kidnapper. greg recognizes alec and attempts to explain himself, but alec makes it clear he doesn't care and shoots and kills greg. greg's partner, spitsky arrives and, seeing alec holding the gun, shoots alec. but when alex says, detective spitzky, he recognizes him. spitsky finds the bag of evidence in greg's trunk. the trapped boys are rescued from the trailer. jackie and connor arrive home to find their home swarming with police cars and ambulances. flashbacks are shown of a younger alec and a friend encountering greg, who hands alec a green pocket knife. as the present day alec, obviously a previous victim of gregg's, is carried into an ambulance. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music]. you 