[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna ground ourselves back in familiar territory as we revisit the campsites and boiler rooms of our youth in the 2003 film, Freddy vs. Jason, a film that's huge on promises and potential, but does it live up? let's get to it. we open on a boiler room fit for any self-respecting child murderer. Freddy takes some time to provide narrative exposition, going over his backstory in detail for all the Friday the 13th fans. it is his sincerest hope that rejuvenating Jason and setting him loose on Elm Street will get Jason's rampage credited to him instigating fear in the youngsters and revitalizing his own power in the process. and how that we know all this, we just have to sit back and watch it in a fool hey. thanks to start. we observe a nighttime skinny dipper getting spooked for reasons unknown. and by wandering through the woods, she eventually manages to find actual danger and begins running with a purpose. she's eventually caught and succumbs to CGI that looks exactly like it's from 2003. when Jason's mother appears, we know we're in a dream where apparently all it takes to reinflates desiccated corpse is the power of persuasion. we then transitioned to Elm Street, where our main group of ladies, Lori, Kia and Gib are doing lady stuff, trying to unwind and blow off some steam to help Lori get over the disappearance of her boyfriend. we'll right on. cue Gibbs boyfriend, Trey shows up with a Rando, throwing off the party dynamic and bringing everyone down. Trey and Gibbs sneak off for some alone time and make me ask you twice. gross. after which kid has to go wash Trey off her, which isn't a good sign for the relationship. after leaving him alone, he's visited shortly by Jason. he submits by immediately rolling over and presenting. but Jason only uses this opportunity to pre sever his spine before folding him up in the sleep master. all this apparently makes Jason sleepy, because he kills no one else. kid finds Trey and runs out, screaming to the first officer available who happens to be right outside the plan, begins to come together in a town unfamiliar with Jason, but more than willing to break their own safety rules. it's got to be Freddy Krueger. like a bunch of ding-dongs, Lauri heard but can't remember, so she assumes the classic thinking position. this inevitably leads her down a path of fake blood, past the missing children and finds her hanging a left toward the crying girl, who turns out to be a total freak, but she is kind enough to give Lauri the details on Freddy. now with that part of the plot, we find Blake somewhat stuck in between. he wasn't murdered, but he also has no idea what's going on. so he's the perfect test subject for Freddie to check his power, which is just enough to scare him, but not much else. fortunately, Jason's power doesn't require belief. you get your head lopped off regardless, which he does. oh, just like Daddy. we're then introduced salary's long-lost love, will and his buddy mark. they've been tucked away in the loony bin and sustained on a steady diet of hypnocil as a result of preaching the gospel of Freddy. when will gets a glimpse of murder on Elm, he becomes concerned with little prompting Markos full 12 monkeys to distract the guards, and when returned to his room, quickly rips out the set of keys. hiki, stirred in the pier, heads out back on Elm Street, the girls are comparing notes on what happened, while the local stoners are handing out pamphlets for a memorial party. you know, teen stuff. Lori begins to describe her nocturnal experiences and finds an instant audience. when will appears before her, it's too much and she swoons. while recovering at the nurse's station, kia has a dream experience. while a will and mark run off to the library, excited about studying. they find that the town has attempted to redact Freddie's existence and that they're part of that redaction. that night, the Kornfield memorial, the kids are partying pretty much exactly like it's 2003. Lori's unrequited romantic interest is introduced in Linderman, who hits the insufferable Kea with a third grade burn assuming, of course, you can think, well, that makeup weighing down your head. nice. he's quickly forgotten when will shows up and fills Lori in on his convalescence at the institution. during this Gabe wanders drunkenly into the cornfield, passing out and attracting the attention of several predators. Freddie's about to cement his resurrection when the unfolding sexual assault attracts the attention of Jason, stealing Freddie's opportunity. Jason then crashes the party in what must feel to him like his birthday. everyone runs off in confusion, knowing about Freddie, but not knowing what he looks like or anything about Jason. Kea and Lori, having just discovered their dead friend, get into an acting competition. do you know, Mike, I can't believe she will then confirms that Lori's dad is involved in sequestering the teens at the asylum, but mistakenly believes it to be the result of witnessing him murder his wife, a confusing situation that Laurie's dad hopes to clarify with some light choking. he doesn't do much else to earn Laurie's trust after the alarming news, why did I give you? so she heads into a room and then out the window. she's picked up by will, and they try to regroup with mark, but her too late. at least he goes out adorned with some bitching scarification. they're forced to regroup elsewhere, and are able to piece together the whole thing, including the part involving Jason's name was Jason Voorhees. they devised a plan that requires hypnocil and getting Jason to take out Freddy and hopefully wander off to terrorize the Crystal Lake area after he finds himself free of Freddy's influence. the idea that they can pit them against each other comes after things get crass. ooh, and then Lauri comes out of her dream with a piece of Freddy. their plan goes awry at the institution almost immediately when Freddy takes over free Burke's body and disposes of the hypnocil. however, when Jason shows up, Freiberg takes a stand and provides them with a different opportunity. since they can now drive the unconscious Jason directly to Crystal Lake, along the way with Jason being stuck in dream Lee, and Freddy has another opportunity to try to take him out by utilizing a weakness that is contradicted by every film in the series, including this one. well, there's little consequence in dreamland, regardless. so Lorie heads in to try to retrieve Freddy and feels compelled to help Jason, until she sees that he looks kind of funny and gets grossed out. as a consequence of this dream sequence, Lorie learns that her dad did not kill her mom, confirming that he's only a slightly different kind of scumbag, having experimented on children at the institution. in the real world, Jason clumsily starts a fire and has his murder spree attempts, lured in by a simple table. the heat brings back Laurie and Freddy with her. Jason starts flinging him around like a rag doll, while the others flee. they reconvene in the woods, where he tries to lay down a distraction and will unhesitatingly accepts her sacrifice like a true gentleman. she tries to goad Freddy with some witty quips about his manhood, but fails to follow the first rule of improv which is to always be watching out behind you. Freddy then, in turn, does impersonations of chow yun-fat and wily coyote, while Jason squirts absolutely everywhere. they pick each other apart in brutal fashion, while Orion will put down a layer of gasoline, eventually blowing both villains sky-high. they're then confronted one last time before each gets his favorite weapon used against him to finish the fight. the next morning, as a fog rolls over the lake, Jason emerges carrying Freddy's head, which winks in consolation to his fans who now have to live with the fact that they picked a loser. and that was Freddy vs. Jason. the current penultimate film of the franchise. was it good enough to bridge the eight year gap between solo projects? I'm on the fence about that. I hope you enjoyed the video. thanks for watching. 