listen the Johno meghan trainor married juni from Spy Kids. I just got a video where this dude was busting moves like the thumbs head back in the day. and even read a press release for her new album that was a TMI. but I also bring this up because Robert Rodriguez's new movie feels like he was just remaking Spy Kids, but with a bigger budget. now that wouldn't be so much of a bad thing, because those movies were my childhood. like everyone nowadays is talking about representation and getting their own version of a superhero. while Latinos had the og Fantastic Four whoopin Figgins Loops foo Glee's back in the day. but as much as I respect Robert Rodriguez and James Cameron's crazy imagination, this is a warrior who has to find her humanity. we need a movie like this right now. you always need a movie like this. front no, we let me explain. now, like I said, I respect the hell out of Rodriguez. this man sold his literal blood to fund his early movies. he has one of the best books out there about filmmaking. he's made future Criterion films. but man, was this movie a stream if for me, I don't think it's bad. but there's a bunch of big-budget world-building movies that have been coming out recently that just flop. and they don't even feel like the movie has even started with their story. like Aleta's based off of a manga with nine volumes. they've already kind of skimmed through the first four in order to tell you this story. and if they're thinking of continuing it with sequels, they're off to a rough start. and that's where the budget confuses me, right? like, yeah, Papa Cameron is like John Hammond when it comes to movie budgets. I spent no expense but a hundred and seventy million dollars for production. I'm sure there are a lot of fans out there, right? but like, The Avengers don't even use that much when they're dealing with one of them, even when they have that many people, at least as a stat cast to attract some Alita. and then on top of the 170, who knows how much it was for the two years of advertising that they've done. i felt like they've been promoting this movie for so long. there was an ad for it in spy kids 3d. of course, you can see where the money's going to, right? there's a lot of beautiful behind the scenes to it. you know, I'm not a big fan of 3d, but I can see where they put it in there. I'm just always asking, right? but where's the money coming from? there is an anime adaptation that was done in the 90s, in case that one piques your interest, but spoilers for the rest of this video, as I tried to figure out if this story was really worth this much. so the movie begins with Academy Award winner Christoph Waltz pulling a wall-e at the junk yard. supposedly, Aleta had been trashed for 300 years, and luckily, nobody else has found this incredible technology, or it didn't even get buried. so dr. Dyson sucks up her body parts and starts reconstructing her. as you may have heard, a father wanting to bring back his deceased child has been a running theme in Hollywood, for whatever reason, the last couple of months. so dr. Octavius actually uses this robots brain to try and recreate his deceased daughter by plugging her into the spare body that he had for his daughter. it's the future. he even gives her the daughters Dora the Explorer clothes and even the daughter's name, Aleta. and while I get that she looks like what every anime fan wants to be, I never really got why her eyes are so big. I guess it was to see who she was fighting. but, like, can you imagine if Aleta had to put on contacts? which, I know she's a robot, she doesn't eat them, but Aleta also eats, so I literally don't know where that crap goes both ways. the problem with dr. Dyson is that he's taking Morell's and Tory Lanez in this universe. like, not only did he lose his daughter jigsaw style, where it was actually a patient who came in and killed his loved one, but his wife also left them to be with the higher ups. man doesn't even get paid for the human repairs that he's doing. what do legite comes in and pays them in fruit. fruit? even a pseudo daughter, who's walking around in a Mean Girls shirt, is doing everything to get away from him. she ends up meeting this dude who looks like he's 6 and 26 at the same time. and he's trying to protect her, not realizing that Elite is made of real steel. they come across these bounty hunters who, for whatever reason, keep the skin on their faces, even though the rest of them is metal. but, you know, I guess they paid for the actor, so, you know. but there's, like, so many other questions I have when it comes to this world, like, why does ed skrein play an assassin that has a Mayan calendar on his back, considering that would have ended in 2012? how the hell was Kristoff doing any damage walking around looking like the Underminer with that thing? and also, why did Jai Courtney come out of retirement just to appear in this movie for a whopping 5 seconds? I got to know everything that went into having Jai Courtney therefore, like, oh, you know, it was just that character is important in later stories, so he thought, well, it's hard to cast somebody that's just gonna be there for a blink, but he'll try and convince them, you know, that there would be a part later. it's kind of a strange proposition, you know. but joy was so great. he was, oh, yeah. thanks to her new friends, Elite is able to find an old ship that lets her remember a little bit about her past and the boy she loved before. but it turns out that she was, in fact, a battle angel that fought 300 years ago during the war between planet Earth and Mars. before I even got the chance to figure out why there was a war between Earth and Mars, I realized that Aleta was fighting for Mars on the moon. so is Aleta the villain? obviously, since they're setting up a sequel, prequel and a theme park, they tell you absolutely nothing else about her past. instead, we jump into an action scene where she beats up all of these assassins and a kids gap shirt. and her goal then becomes to enter at least Salem, which is the Mars city that's stationed over there slums, because she believes that will answer all of the questions that the audience are looking for while she's on her quest. do that though, this Wilson Fisk's eyes cyborg, who she messed with earlier in the movie, appears again, looking like scrappy-doo in his new suit. I love Selita. one thing that really surprised me is that we've all seen those Alita posters. and obviously, since she has big eyes were drawn to that area. and we've seen that like, read better, bro, it's dogs blood. like that big cyborg straight stomped on Toto was a dog who's been around the whole movie. and \xc3\xablet\xc3\xads first instinct was to mark her face with the dead dog's blood. we want to see some teardrops headed for the sequel. Jackie Earle Haley, cyborg didn't rips her apart as they battled underground. and let me tell you, I've seen Jordan play with the fool. I've seen chilling pitch with a bloody ankle. but never in my life have I seen a girl missing three limbs karate kick a big mofo like Aleta did, and win this fight. luckily, dr. Dyson arrives in time and reluctantly transfers Aleta's head over to her new body she found, finally giving her the energy and strength she needs to bet. yeah. and then I checked my watch and it was still an hour and 20 minutes led to this movie. I'll say this about the 3d here, right since I watched it in IMAX, cuz, you know, I'm a sucker for IMAX. and I had no choice but to wear those aviators they gave you because it wasn't 3d. I'll say that I was swatting all over this movie. like, even though I'm not the biggest fan of 3d, I didn't think it was terrible. it was able to add death to the locations. but they kept doing this thing where they had a lot of characters walking in the foreground on the screen, which was cool at the beginning, but then it ended up looking like a bunch of people were getting up in front of me to leave, and they were covering the bottom of the screen as they were walking out. but then I remembered nobody showed up to begin with. we learned a little bit about Nova, who's supposed to be this immortal being up in solemn who is able to control other cyborgs and possess their bodies so he can spy on people anywhere. and so he goes after dr. Dyson's wife, Sharon, who, one, is sporting the same look her husband had in another movie, and two, is willing to do anything because, after the death of her daughter, she wants to go up to zalem. now I'm fully convinced that Nova, who, again, we know very little of, is somehow also hacked into Aleta, but again, we won't find out about that until like, Avatar 4. so the movie then decides to stop the action and becomes a teen romance for a bit. does it bother you that I'm not human? you are the most human person I have ever met. I'd give you my heart. that was pretty intense though. okay, so for starters, I've seen some people's think pieces that this is like a transgender story because of that line. she says they're at the beginning. and while I personally think there are way better ones out there for the community, if this one, with it being a big blockbuster, is something that connects with you, then, you know what, that's cool. but secondly, Alina, what are you doing giving a boy your heart? this girl really took out her organs for her boyfriend, which he just met, could run away from her to another city. girl, no wonder you ended up in a junkyard with that logic. they end up coming up with a plan to win at this motor ball tournament, which will give them a one-way ticket to zalem. well, I'm not saying that I was expecting a whole Quidditch breakdown, considering that this is like a brand-new sport we don't know nothing about, I would have appreciated it. there comes a point in that match where no one's even going for the ball to score, but everyone there is actually set up to kill Aleta. so like the announcers, the rats and the audience are well aware they're witnessing a hit going on in the stadium. they're like, no flags on the field to call a penalty. Aleta ends up escaping, because obviously she's Aleta, and goes to help Hugo, since Nova has put out a hit on both of them. and he sadly gets killed by a hit man, but not really. Aleta does end up using her heart to revive Hugo long enough in order to get him back to the lab so dr. Dyson can make him his own body. and Aleta, meanwhile, put some flexi tape on her wounds, defeat some goons and realizes that her mission way back in the day was, in fact, to not go live in zalem, but to take out nova, who's being played by Edward Norton. before she could even get up there to fight Club him. Hugo takes his new body out for a spin, and he tries climbing up zalem and dies again. brought. you get one per movie. Alito then goes back to the mortal ball tourney, where she points her sword to the sky, praying to the execs that they greenlit the seal, or, you know, give them money to Denny in the do remake. thank you guys for checking out this video. again, my verdict is it's weird to spend so much money for what ends up being a streaming in my opinion. you know, my girlfriend thought it was around two and she liked it a lot more than I do did. a lot of other people overseas are loving it, but I felt like for two hours for it to end right where the story seems like it should actually be beginning. it's crazy. 200, 200 million plus for a setup yo wallet. I am curious to see if they continue the series, because, like I said, I don't hate the world. I just wish we knew more about how it worked. you know, it's like when you visit a nice city, you want to go back. you just wish the people were more interesting and that there was no Jai Courtney but I already know this. could be defenders for it out there. and also be were gonna be like, of course, she needs to food. the Adams created and it uses all our energy. she needs the eyes because she's a fighter. sure, it still doesn't make any sense, but yeah, I'm putting that there cuz I can guarantee you're gonna see those comments down below from the Alita defenders. speaking of which, I will say the best scene in the movie, hands down, was when a lead us having our emotional moment and his girl, for whatever reason, like again, this, two hundred million dollars for this, for the stakes. that means that they gotta animate this. right here, she straight up fruit, and Inge's her tear. that's where the money was going in for this. I'm curious to know your guys thoughts down below. did you care for it? did you feel like it was just beginning? are you actually excited for the other four that are coming out? any of your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you your own thump, thump. 