if you were caught up in a purge, how would you get through it? this time we follow multiple characters, highlight their mistakes and decide on better tactics to survive and ultimately beat the purge. Eva, her daughter, Cali and grandfather rico, boycott themselves at home, just like every other year during the purge. now there are multiple things here that are very wrong that i think should and could be avoided. for instance, to block the windows with wood only is way too minimal and unprotective that would not let me be in peace during this horrific event. i'm impressed our two characters are so cool with it. also, having only one gun is a terrible idea, but later, more to that. to elaborate real quick on the wood, wood is inexpensive, but so is metal in reasonable quantities. therefore, if i decided to stay at home during the purge, i would invest a lot into locking down my apartment as secure as possible. and so instead of using relatively thin wood, just like our ladies do, i would use mainly steel, just like dr neville and i am legend. around each window. i would furthermore, fix it a metal frame onto which i can solder additional metal bars for extra security. the frame can also be reused every year, because i do want to enjoy some sunlight during the rest of the year. always remember the vitamin d guys. so my point here is, using wood is not ideal. as you can see in the movie, one can easily shoot through it with common firearms. you see, the defense construction should be your top priority. it must be prepared ahead of time. and additionally, think of solutions. if your defense should be broken, what do you do? how do you re-secure? there are multiple options for that. and i will tell you my ideas for this after we talk about the guns. in the movie, our two ladies only use one gun, which they don't even bother to carry with them. obviously a dumb and unnecessary mistake you want to avoid. plus, having only one gun is just not a good idea, because most purgers are seriously armed and often purge in groups. but perhaps you don't have sufficient funds for better firearms. and if that's the case, then i can't blame you for that. but what else could you use to secure, or re-secure your survival? well, let me introduce you to this, the budget purge survival amazon buying list for those with limited resources, aluminium baseball bats for the swingers out there. four gallons of petrol, because fire never fails to impress. tactical knives, your multi-purpose friends. tasers for a shocking effect. metal wire for all 007 fans out there. and cheetos, because snacking is important. so to sum up real quick, the big lesson here is always carry your weapons and hide others around the apartment. you never know where someone is going to strike from. in addition to that, carry close combat weapons in case you get disarmed. our ladies would have done well if they put in a little more thought into their defense. laying traps is also a great idea, because your apartment is your field of expertise. you know it best, and that could be used as a tactical advantage. the last tip before we move on, and i think is worth to mention, is not to visibly defend your home days before the purge starts, unless it's a common thing in your neighborhood. if it's not a common thing, you might end up drawing the attention to you, and might get attacked just for the sake of proving that your defense is weak. and there you have it. that is my strategy for defending. but what if you can't? what if you are forced into the middle of the purge, just like our next characters? let's go and see what we could have done instead. the second pair of characters we follow is shane and liz. and i can tell you right off the bat, going on a shopping spree two hours before the purge starts is not a very smart idea and should be avoided. we all know stupid accidents happen all the time, and more often than not, they happen in situations it is least desired. we all had to learn this the hard way. so preparation is key, in my opinion. you should have completed everything necessary by the evening before, so when you wake up you can just relax and perhaps go over your defense. once again, in the movie, they are already getting targeted, and their car did get sabotaged. they didn't make it home, and thus were stranded in downtown l.a, the worst possible place during the purge. unfortunately, we don't get to see their home defense. but considering they went shopping so close before the event, makes me feel like they didn't put much thought into that neither. but anyway, the question here is, what do you do when you are dropped into the middle of the purge with nowhere to go and nothing to defend yourself? i have never been to la personally, but i do know if you want to hide yourself in a situation like this, you better hide well. you don't want anyone to find you. furthermore, i think it's safe to assume that none of your friends would come and pick you up. it's certainly worth a try, but let's get not our hopes up here, friends, especially when you're located far off any residential neighborhoods. so how would we get out of this situation, you might ask. well, the first thought that i had was the kennel system. however, having played the division more than is probably healthy, the canal system kind of loses its appeal. who knows what's lurking in there after all. also, if you should be so unfortunate and really encounter any purgers down there, good luck escaping. the second idea that comes to my mind is a rooftop. if you can get on one and block the entrance successfully, you're going to be very safe up there. although you do need to consider snipers from the rooftops higher up. while i love the thought of hiding on a rooftop, i think in the situation of shane and liz, it is more than just wishful thinking. therefore, i have to conclude this, if you are not 100% sure that the hideout of your choice is completely safe, then you might be better off running. i know that running is a desperate attempt to beat the purge, but it still seems to be the slightly better option compared to hiding insufficiently. and so the thing you really want to pay attention to here is hide. but if you can't run, our third protagonist is frank, a regular cop and ready for vengeance. his goal kill his son's killer. now if you do want to partake in the purge, you better be ready. and what i mean is, get guns, lots of guns, and have a plan. while most hunting teams, franco is all terminator. he has enough guns for a small death squad. and his vehicle is armored, a must if you go for a night ride during the purge. nevertheless, he should, and probably could, have placed stronger armory around the motor hub of the car, because if that one fails. it's hasta la vista, baby. and it does fail in the movie. but before we get to this point, all of our protagonists have to meet and team up. first, frank drives spy. when even liz get dragged out of their home, after what seemed to take hours, he finally decided to save them both. meanwhile, shane and liz didn't find a good spot to hide and kept running. good for them, only to find frank's car unlocked. very nice, but frank, i mean seriously, leaving your car unlocked in the middle of the purge is where you're going. but whatever, you just saved 4 innocent people in 6 minutes and 30 seconds, so i can't blame you for it. good job. but really, that's a big no-no for you out there. close your doors, but leave the window slightly open if it's hot, and leave a puppy in it. thank you. let's continue. as all of our protagonists finally meet, they make their way into the unknown. the car breaks down, like mentioned before, and they have to leave it behind. frank is nice enough to hand each of our other protagonists a gun and wishes them good luck. now, naturally, the others have no chance to survive this night without him. after all, he is the only one with real combat experience. eva comes up with a genius idea. thinks she must have read dale carnegie well. she tells frank that if he takes them to her friend's house not too far away, he can have her car. a very smart move, because always remember, if you want something from someone, give them something in return first, and you will receive what you seek. after frank agrees, and our protagonists make their way through the city to tonya's home. six hours left until the end of this year's purge. all of our protagonists have still quite a long way in front of them, but eventually arrive at an abandoned truck where they are able to collect better weapons, which is always a great idea. inside the truck, they come across unusual high technology, especially the access to the cctv system of the city, causes them to wonder who lies behind all of this. additionally, they realized that the death squad related to this truck was the same as the one that tried to kidnap eva and cali before revealing a grand scale plan to purge and implying there are more such trucks around eventually they get spotted and have to continue their journey to eva's friend. but before we move on, there are multiple things here worthy to mention. if you need to travel long distances while the purge is taking place, there are several things you must pay attention to. first, be focused and don't talk needlessly. second, always be ready to shoot. third, cover each other if you travel with people. and finally, don't be a burden to others. all of these, let's call them the golden rules, can and will save your life. unfortunately, all of our characters, apart from frank, neglect them and almost cause all of them to get killed over and over again. like mentioned before, hiding in underground systems is suboptimal, because once you're found, you're dead. besides, it is safe to assume that others would come up with the same idea, making it easy for purges to target those areas in particular. and in the movie, we witnessed just that. when our characters enter the metro they encounter multiple people, seemingly homeless folks, hiding there and trying to escape death. but it's no help. all of them get shot, burned or driven over once the purges enter on their way through the subway, our characters escape some sickles on a beach buggy chasing them with malicious intent. but they do survive the attack with minor damage taken. shane gets shot and frank rips open his knee, but both are okay. and all of our characters make it to eva's friend's apartment. sheesh, what a ride in it. everything is just perfect. at tania's apartment, full glasses, stuffed plates, just what you want after escaping death so many times in just a few hours. it's a great way for our characters to unwind and enjoy the safe and cosy environment. they use the time to treat their wounds and have a chat, which i think is a pretty good idea when you can afford it. take a break, talk to each other, treat the wounded. it lets you remain efficient and motivated, which is very important if your goal still lies ahead. however, it doesn't take long until the peace breaks. frank finds out that eva has lied to him about the car and gets furious, but seems to understand the necessity behind her lie. he packs his stuff and is about to leave when the madness of the purge also arrives at this apartment. lorraine, tanya's sister, shoots tanya because she cheated on her husband. she also tries to kill her husband, but fails as he takes liz as a shield. coward move, but it's life or death, i can't really blame him for it. frank saves them once again, and all of our characters flee to the staircase, where frank experiences a moral dilemma. i guess being a morally responsible dude doesn't go well with the desire to kill someone. well, that's his problem, not mine. he eventually decides to assist our characters further, which is great. what is not so great is that all of them get caught and eventually get sold off at an auction for rich people. but let's go back a little why not say tanya's apartment? frank could have easily overpowered lorraine and held her as a captive until the purge ended, which wasn't too far away. at this point, i would have certainly considered to stay there, as the only other option would have been to go out again. and you really want to avoid being out there. however, we can see that when all of our characters make for their escape the same death squad from before is about to raid the place, promising a sure death if our protagonists were to stay there. let's move on though. the next chapter is fun, although it doesn't start very well. all of our characters find themselves on a stage with their hands cuffed behind their back. they get sold off to the highest bidder. subsequently, all the hostages get released into what looks like a transformed factory hall. it's almost completely dark, and those who bid highest, seven people in this case, hunt down all the captives with weapons of their choice. since they also use night vision glasses, they are at clear advantage. so i would like to ask you right now, if you yourself are stuck with nothing but your clothes in a dark hall while seven people hunt you down with military equipment, how would you get out of this situation? if you can come up with the creative idea, share it with us in the comments. i think we can all agree that this is a rather hopeless situation. however, the fact that you're basically free of any restrictions gives rise to the opportunity to influence the obvious outcome here. what i mean is this, you can use your legs freely and so your arms and hands. this is a typical flight or fight situation. so let's analyze. the only chance i see is to overpower one of the hunters, rob him or her of his weapon, wear the night vision glasses and take out the others. i know it's easier said than done. and if you have played a lot of paintball, sure do it, like frank does. if not, here is my idea. for those of you who are more, let's say, a little less confident, team up with at least one other person, position yourself strategically and be quiet. a great strategic position would be near a light source, for instance, near the window front where the spectators are watching from. if you get a chance, attack one of the hunters in tag team fashion. this is really the only chance here. one must sacrifice and is likely to die. but once a weapon is secured, the chances rise from almost zero to actually feasible. now, to lessen the chance of getting killed, you may consider using your clothes as decoy, or even as tools to attack. if you normally wear a belt, you just won and if it's a gucci belt, then jesus christ, you just gotta swing it like sauron swung as flail and lord of the rings, and you smack those away. so my conclusion is this, if you can trust the people around you, plus you can keep relatively calm, there is a chance to survive this scenario, although you will need a good portion of luck. in the movie, everyone gets saved by the anti-nffa group. however, shane unfortunately dies. but then again, he was chit-chatting in a situation where you just shouldn't. i mean, shut up and hold up your gun. golden rules, you remember. now, in the final chapter, frank drives off with eva and callie. for what reason they joined him is mysterious to me. but then again, staying with him or the anti-nffa squad doesn't make a big difference. this guy is a serious asset. they arrive at the targeted house, and he enters to finally kill the man who killed his son. i have to mention that i found it hilarious how he entered the house. there was like zero barrier. he literally just walked in it as if it was his house. but afterwards, when he steps out again, there's like this full electronic, high-tech door opening. it's like you can't have it both guys. but then again, it seems like you can. the rest of the movie is history. i thank you very much for watching. if you have any inputs, leave them in your comments. it's great to have you here, and i'll see you guys in the next one. 