I want you to hit me as hard as you can. hi. I'm Luke Ryan for Joe. Blow calm and welcome to movie endings. explain, where we'll be taking a look at someone the more ambiguous and discussed movie endings that have left audiences debating their true meaning long after the credits have rolled. this time we're going to be looking at the 2014 sci-fi epic from Christopher Nolan, interstellar. while the modern master is no stranger to leaving audiences with a question mark at the end of his movies, interstellar is a little more simple, and yet entirely more complex than previous finales to his films. set in an understated dystopian future in which the world's food supply is running short, the story follows a team of astronauts on a mission to find a new home for Humanity in another galaxy. the plausibility of the threat to mankind on earth in the film was criticized, and yet the core meat of the story, following the scientist through a wormhole to another galaxy, along with the handling of black holes, was met with praise for his accuracy based on scientific theory. the two central characters on the interstellar mission are joseph Cooper and NASA pilot, and Amelia brand, a scientist and daughter to Professor brand, the mastermind behind the operation. obviously, I'm going to assume here that you've seen the film, and spoilers are to be expected. the galaxies that the crew traveled to has a number of potential planets that could make for a new home for mankind. but time is essential, as the galaxy is also home to a black hole gargantuan. the first planet they investigate in hope of finding signs of a previous crews exploration, is close enough to the black hole that a time dilation occurs at the being on the planet for a matter of minutes. Brandon Cooper returned to their ship to find that 23 years have passed. which makes Cooper's previous joke to his young daughter, Murphy, startlingly real mimmo, time I get back meal, we might even be the same age you and me. what imagine? on the second planet, they find dr. Mann, a member of the doomed crew who tried to find a habitable planet before they soon realize, although too late, that he has to some degree lost his mind, and attempts to sabotage their intention to leave the planets with little fuel left. Brandon Cooper, along with the robots tars and case, try slingshotting around the black hole to reach the third and final planets, their last hope. however, there isn't enough momentum for the plan to work with the ship at its current weight, so Cooper and tars jettison the Landers of the ship to allow brand and case to reach the third planet alone. Cooper then ejects from the lander and falls into the event horizon of the black hole, entering the unknown. [Music]. apparently alive and intact, Cooper finds himself inside a tesseract constructed of a singly endless array of his daughter Murphy's bedroom throughout time. after recovering from his initial desperation to communicate with his daughter verbally, Cooper realizes he can weakly manipulate the bookshelf from the outside and conveys a message in Morse code, the same message that led Cooper and Murphy to NASA at the beginning of the film, Cooper being the origin of what Murphy thought was a ghost in her room. Cooper then re-establish his contact with tars, and begins to piece together a plan to save the world. professor brands primary goal on earth was to solve a gravitational equation that could enable humanity to leave the planet and to journey to their new home in the new galaxy. without the answers of this equation, the earth is doomed, and only the scientist who traveled through the black hole could continue human life. so Cooper decides to code the watch that he left his daughter with before he left, with the answer to the quantum equation related to him by tars into the second hands movements, knowing that eventually one day she would figure it out, which, of course, she does. and then, with Cooper still inside, the tesseract begins to collapse. we see Cooper, presumably traveling through a wormhole, as he reaches out to brand in a scene we saw earlier when the crew first traveled through the wormhole to get to the new galaxy. he then ends up unconscious and floating in space near Saturn, where the wormhole first originated. waking up on a space station appropriately named Cooper station. he finds himself far into the future and reunites with his daughter, Murphy. in the final stages of her old age. at her urging, he decides to take a ship to go off and to try and find brand in the hopes that her journey to the third possible planet was successful. we see that it was, and that she had created a crude Memorial grave for Edmunds, her partner, that a journey there before her. and in the final shot, we understand that the planet is habitable and that a colony is being created. she's settling in for the Louisville. [Music], but the light of our new Sun, [Music], in our new home. [Music]. [Applause]. so what's not to get? pretty straightforward, right? well, at the time of its release, a lot of people were confused with interstellar, or simply rejected the conclusion of the film. for one thing, why was a mind-bending construction of Murphy's bedroom inside the black hole. for me, one of the biggest leaps of the film is the idea that Cooper's connection and love for his daughter is what creates this fifth dimensional space. and I like that interpretation. the characters in the film talk about love and how it can't be quantified or broken down scientifically, unlike the majority of the tasks that they have to face on their mission. the love between the father and the daughter transcends space, time and to a degree reason. but it's not the only leap in the film. as Cooper, who wanders allowed inside the tesseract, as to why it's there and what's really happening, comes to his own conclusion, a conclusion that has perhaps a little more reasonable, if still outlandish, than the tesseract being a pure product of love. he muses that the tesseract and the wormhole that appeared in our solar system to guide the way through the new galaxy, was not placed there by aliens, as they had previously thought. it's wandered throughout the film, if the beacon and pathway to a new home was placed there by some higher being. and Cooper comes to the idea that it was placed there by humans, perhaps advanced to another form far into the future. now, to some, this is still a stretch, and perhaps sours them on the film's ending. and of course, there are many theories out there regarding the third act of interstellar. certainly the idea of this whole story, bending time the way it does, create somewhat of a paradox that doesn't seem to fluidly make sense. you can look at Cooper's comments about time and space and dimensions beyond the realms that we can even comprehend ourselves, as a cheap way of explaining away this paradox. or you can allow the incomprehensible to fire your imagination into the sky and enjoy the quintessentially sci-fi ending of the movie. however, the majority of the skepticism over the film's ending is the coda following the tesseract sequence. through the cross-cutting of the film from Cooper and brands into our adventure to an adult Murphy and professor brand back on earth. we see in the tesseract scene that Cooper's plan works in real time, and that she is able to solve the gravitational quandary, which will save the world. and it could be argued that the film could end right here, perhaps with Cooper's lifeless body floating in space outside of Saturn's orbits, his mission accomplished. the Cooper station coda seems perhaps a little too neat and convenience. the film was written by Christopher Nolan alongside his brother, Jonathan, Nolan, who had been working on the script alone for four years. Christopher then merged it with ideas he had also had for another script, molding it into the film it became. when Jonathan Nolan was questioned over what happened at the end of the film, he simply said, that you've got the wrong brother. as Jonathan's ending to the film saw the wormhole collapse as Cooper began to send the data, leaving the answer of whether or not earth received the message ambiguous. so Christopher Nolan's final version of the story, the one we all saw on the big screen, makes the ending significantly less ambiguous. plausibility pushed definitively to one side. but should we take everything in that final sequence at face value? perhaps Cooper does send the data back, and perhaps he does end up floating in space, back in his own solar system. but perhaps that's the end of his life. his last words were, what happens now? a question that could be drawn very closely to the question of what happens to us when we die before seeing a bright light to boot. Cooper station is depicted as a conical station with an opening at the end, allowing sunlight to filter in. light at the end of the tunnel, yet another possible comparison to either death or a near-death experience, which only begs the question, could this all be an elaborate death dream for Cooper? when he sees an old Murphy surrounded by her own family, he doesn't even look at them, which is understandable given his immensely strong connection with Murphy. but even they treats him with indifference. they're all family, after all, but they're treated in the scene like set-dressing. and if it really is Cooper's death dream, he would hardly be focused on creating a fleshed out family for himself, and would surely be solely obsessed with seeing Murphy again one last time. now, obviously, this is the end of the film and things need to be snappy. but he leaves the room, eyes locked on his daughter, and fades away into the background, his family still ignoring his presence. for all intents and purposes, they're not even gonna say hi. I mean, it's not just a long-lost grandfather or great-grandfather. it's also the man who saved humanity, and he isn't even given a second glance. is this all by design? we can even go further back and look at the tesseract sequence as part of his potential death. people that have claimed to have had near-death experiences of reported visions of geometrical shapes. also, earlier in the film, dr. Mann talks to Cooper about what you see when you're about to die, your children. and what does Cooper see in the tesseract? his daughter. now he does have a son, but the film is built around the father-daughter connection between Murphy and Cooper and Alisha's called a spade a spade. he seems to favor his daughter. and what is the tesseract, this fifth dimensional, unexplainable space in which time becomes Infinite, has no boundaries? if not the ultimate wish fulfillment to Cooper, in which he not only gets to see his daughter again, but magically helps her to save the world. when he awakes on Cooper station, he finds a reconstructed replica of his old home, even a baseball field right outside of the ward he wakes up in. it all does ring a little too good to be true. there are many questions raised in interstellar and fewer answers. I like to enjoy the third act of interstellar at face value, because I cherish the idea that love could be so strong and the no matter what curve balls gets thrown at humanity, we would still find a way to endure, to survive and to hope against interstellar cataclysmic odds. but I still find there to be alternate ways to perceive the ending of this film. there could be perfectly valid to other people. after all, as a great director once said, I can only ever make 50% of a film. the other 50% is made with the person watching it in the theatre. Christopher Nolan himself. kg, as always, simply has this to say for people still unsure about the ending of interstellar, it's there for you to make what you make of it. people do always have radically different interpretations of things I put in there, but I know what I think, and I don't like it to have any more validity than the experience you have watching it. once again, I've been Luke Ryan for Joe Blow calm. let us know in the comments section down below what you think of the interstellar ending and what your interpretation is of the final events of the film. and stay tuned for more original videos right here on the Joe Blow videos, YouTube channel, and thank you for watching. [Music], 