Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2017 American psychological horror thriller film called 'Geralds Game'. There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Jessie and Gerald take a vacation at an isolated lake home in Fairhope, Alabama. Jessie feeds a stray dog outside as Gerald takes Viagra, but when she returns home, she leaves the door open. Jessie changes into a fresh slip and tries sensual postures while placing the tag on a shelf above the bed. Gerald takes another Viagra and places his glass of water on the same shelf as his first. He binds Jessie's wrists to the bedposts with one set of handcuffs on each wrist; she appears shocked, but follows ahead. He starts acting out a stranger rape fantasy, asking her to cry for assistance even though he knows no one would hear her. She goes along half-heartedly at first, but soon feels uneasy and tells him to stop and uncuff her; he responds, 'What if I dont?' Gerald dies of a heart attack after a violent fight in which he blames her of not even attempting to renew their relationship, leaving Jessie imprisoned in the shackles. A few of hours have passed. Jessie attempts to frighten the dog away with the open door, but it takes a piece out of Gerald's arm and eats it. Gerald gets up and starts chatting, expressing his dissatisfaction with the lost flesh and muscle on his arm, but Jessie observes that his body is still on the floor. He teases Jessie about their tumultuous marriage and his sexual problems. He then warns her that she has already squandered hours doing nothing and is beginning to feel dehydrated and tired. Jessie magically removes a hand from a cuff and manages to break free. She gloats to Gerald before turning around and telling herself, who is still confined, that escaping is simple. Gerald and the confident Jessie reveal things about herself and Gerald that she has never had the guts to admit. They remind her of the glass of water on the nightstand above her bed, which she can reach but not bring all the way to her mouth. The hallucinations remind her of the shelf tag she placed there, which she uses as a drinking straw to get to the water. Jessie falls asleep and awakens in the dark to find a towering, misshapen, veiled person holding a bag containing different bones and baubles. 'You're not real,' she says as she shuts her eyes. Gerald, on the other hand, appears to suggest that the apparition is Death, who is about to take her away. Gerald starts calling Jessie 'Mouse,' which makes her uncomfortable. This brings back memories of her father Tom, who fondly called her 'Mouse,' having her sit on his lap as he masturbated to her while the two watched a solar eclipse when she was 12 years old. Gerald and Jessie's image of herself tease Jessie as she loses sensation in her arm, telling her that she never healed from the attack and that she married a guy who looks just like her father. Gerald taunts Jessie about the deformed guy she saw, whom he refers to as 'the moonlight man,' and points to a bloodied footprint on the floor. Jessie recalls cutting her hand the night of the attack when her mother asked her about the eclipse and she gripped a glass too hard. Jessie, now an adult, breaks the water glass and slashes her wrist in such a way that she can peel back the flesh and slip her bleeding hand through the cuff. She drags the bed over to the key, which she unlocks with her other hand. She drinks water and wraps her hand in bandages before collapsing on the floor from exhaustion and blood loss. The 'guy made of moonlight' appears at the end of the hall when she wakes up, and she offers him her wedding ring in exchange for his trinket bag. She gets to her car and drives away, but she notices the man in the rear seat again. The vehicle collides with a tree, but residents in a nearby home emerge. Six months later, Jessie is attempting to write a letter to her 12-year-old self with her injured hand. Voice-overs and scenes reveal how she claimed to have amnesia about the entire ordeal of being confined in order to avoid asking uncomfortable questions. She started a charity for sexual assault victims with some of Gerald's life insurance. However, as she falls asleep each night, the 'guy made of moonlight' emerges in front of her. Her wedding ring was never discovered in the home, and she learned about a serial murderer with acromegaly who digs up crypts, steals bones and jewels, and eats the faces of male victims from the news; this explains why he didn't hurt Jessie at the house, as well as why Gerald's face was deformed. As the moonlit man is being sentenced, Jessie appears in court and demands his attention. He quotes her words before leaving the home, implying that he was present. 'You're so much smaller than I remember,' she exclaims triumphantly as she goes out onto the street with the sun shining down on her. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 