[Music], hey guys. i'm explaining a movie, and named superme. the film starts while showing a man. his name was q, and he was traveling on the train. but then the lights turn off and a dreadful shadow comes there. that shadow attacks him and hits him with the floor of the train. in the next scene, we see that he wakes up. it means this was just his dream, but the worst dream in which that shadow has killed him. here we know the details of you, that he is a writer. he has the skills, but has no ideas. not many people approach him. he doesn't earn much because of it. he doesn't have money. he has taken loans from the people and were asking to repay back. he was worried because of it. a girl named hua works in a cafe here. you likes her. and then we see you with his friend. he was talking with him that i couldn't sleep. i am suffering from insomnia, and this is a disease in which i can't sleep. do you know when i try to sleep, a shadow comes into my dreams and kill me. and it scares me. due to it, i immediately wake up. i am upset because of it. he also tells that he has consulted many doctors, but nobody told the solution to this. his friend says that, leave all this and don't give me excuses. complete the task i have given you. and you have only one week. but you couldn't do this. you was living in a rented house, and he couldn't pay the rent of the current month. he was thrown out of the house. and he thinks that i have to do something for my survival. he starts doing a job in a cafe. he does work on his laptop. then suddenly he feels sleepy, and then the shadow comes to his dream and kills him. he gets up and says that doesn't know what is this problem. i am fed up with my life. i don't have money home, and i also couldn't sleep. i will commit suicide. while thinking this, he climbs up a building to commit suicide. he was doing this because he doesn't want to die again. and again. he was about to jump, but then an old man comes and saves him. he also gives him food. he was the man from whom you purchases the pancakes here. you starts eating the food that the old man gives him. it seems like he is hungry. he tells his problems to that old man. the old man says that, don't get nervous. and when you see the dream and the shadow will come to kill you, you just have to say, i am dreaming. i am just seeing a dream. you will overcome it. then you leaves. from there, he sees that girl who are there, whom he likes. but while seeing she turns into a shadow. she starts stabbing a sword into his chest. and you speaks that i am dreaming. and he wakes up. but the weird thing is that the sword with he was killing it was in his hand. and he gets shocked. then he comes to know that i have woken up from a dream. this is his world. now, he was learning some ways to differentiate between dreams and reality. after thinking, when you seize that sword, he feels that it is unique. he goes to the ancient shop. it buys old and unique things. here he comes to know that this sword is antique and very expensive. he w gets a lot of money in return for that sword. he has good food from this. he lives in a great hotel. he even purchases a new laptop. he feels this life is luxury. and he starts thinking that i see this sword in my dreams, and i have taken this for my dream. it means i have the power that i take things out of my dreams. it is best. he thinks that tonight i will again sleep with this purpose, that tonight, whatever i will see in my dream, i will take it to this world with me. i will sell it, and my circumstances will improve gradually. when he sleeps at night, that shadow again comes. this time attacks him with an antique axe. but he again comes to the real world with that axe. he immediately sells that axe in the antique store. this time he has a lot of money getting them. he was happy, because his life has changed within two days. he thinks that now i will do this. he feels that his dreams are becoming his strength, not his weakness. that's why it is said that we should search for positivity and strength in everything you purchases a book in which there were pictures of a museum. he sees them, and sees the antique things on it, so that they will come to his dream. he will bring tonight a good and most antique thing. when he sleeps, he sees that museum in his dream, he becomes happy, but this time the shadow kills him. he wakes up and takes the tablet and sleeps again. this time when the shadow was attacking him, he picks up some ancient things. from there. then he comes to this world. when he takes these things and goes to sell them again to the antique store. a gangster notices use this activity, that from where he brings those new things. he starts asking questions to him. but you doesn't give him an answer and leaves from there. after a few days, we see that yu's friend comes to him. he says to him, you have become rich. take me with you. but you doesn't give any response on it. now we come to know that hua is selling her cafe because she needs money. but before this, you meet her. he purchases her cafe from her. here they start talking, and they also meet. now u's personality has also changed. he dressed up nicely and takes care of him. he used to stay suited booted. you was also enjoying this time. you again sees that old man from whom he purchased pancakes. he secretly puts a bag in his shop. there was a lot of money in it, getting it, that old man becomes happy. now you every day sees the dreams. and he took expensive things from his dreams. this thing was beneficial for him, because now he has become a millionaire, and now he can fight with shadows in his dreams. seeing this, use friends says to him, that champion, now you have a lot of money, so why don't you make a huge tower that will be taller than burj khalifa? you can place the poor there, because i know my friend has a good heart. you says, yes, it is a good idea. that night, you seize the shadow in the dream, who was wearing a gold belt. as you touch as it, his hand starts burning. but even then, he holds it and reaches home. when he was taking off the shadow's belt, the shadow has made some marks on you's chest with his finger, but you ignored it. now, when he reaches home, the sword stabs in his chest at a far distance, at the same point where the shadow has made marks. then one night, you seize the dream that he has made that tower. when he goes to the rooftop and see, he sees the shadows face for the first time. he was none other than you. and here a mark was made on you's face. the same mark was given by the shadow to you before. gradually, many marks were made on his face. he was walking on the road and thinking this. meanwhile, some companions of the gangsters come there. he kidnaps him. as he reaches there, the gangster says to him that i want 10 million dollars from you through you's friend. those 10 million dollars were conveyed. when the gangster receives the money, he holds use friend also. they all come to use house. meanwhile, hua also comes there, and the gangster also holds her. that gangster says to his companions to kill them. use friend starts fighting with them. all. you also stands up, but then a knife stabs in use back. he gets injured. the companions of the gangster also kill you's friend. you comes out, while taking hua with him, but the companions of the gangster again hold him. they stab a knife in his leg. they were continuously kicking his chest. from this. he feels weak in this attack. hua also becomes injured. when he becomes faint, he comes into his dreams. he sees that shadow there, and he sees some old visions. here, a glass wall comes in front of him. when he sees another side there was hwa. he tries to break that glass wall, but he couldn't break it. then he sees that he has turned into that creature, that shadow that came to his dreams. it means that you was a shadow. he becomes strong, and he goes inside. while breaking the wall, he kills them all with a gun. but those gangsters, before dying, have shot hua. a bullet shoots her arm, and she was also injured. here. she dies. now the shadow moves forward. we see that the genuine you is lying on the floor. that shadow shoots him. and when he finishes, the antique things were also removed, like this. scene ends here. now we see that scene when he comes to his senses in the store, and he was having a sword in his hand. he understands that, i was seeing a long dream. maybe it is happening because of my disease. but from where did this sword comes to me? when he was thinking this, the girl juan, takes him with her. she gives him food and says to him that you can do the job here in my cafe, if you want. you happily accepts this job. and soon he was financially stable, he again starts script writing. soon his scripts sell into a nice amount. he was happy to have this. then one day he meets with that old man. he gives him that bag that you gave him. the man says to him that, this is your money, and i know everything you go through it because i also put my life at risk for all this. you couldn't believe all this. and the state again comes when you can't analyze that is this reality or dream? in the last scene of the movie, we see that when you was sitting in the store, hua comes to him, that shadow was also keeping an eye on them. it means the shadow was also in real life. don't know what will he do with them, with it. this movie ends here. thank you for watching. 