[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a romantic science fiction drama film the time traveler's wife. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. one night before christmas, while heading back home in a car, the little henry is talking happily with his mother. however, just a few seconds before a coming car crash. the little henry is astonished to notice his body is disappearing gradually. and then he finds himself brought home naked, back to the time two weeks before the accident, when his family are reading a book together. however, right then he's sent back to the same street again, watching the accident happening and his mother dying. suddenly, a man shows up and covers him with a blanket. then he tells the little henry he is a time traveler and they are actually the same person. after that, he disappears, leaving only his clothes behind. the 28 year old henry travels back to a library where he works. he puts the clothes on and comes back to work as if nothing has happened. henry has the disease of chronic temporal anachrony, which enables him to make time travel since six years old. after becoming a librarian, henry tries to live an ordinary life, until one day he meets a young artist called claire, whom henry doesn't know about. but claire recognizes him at first sight and seems to know well about him. in order to explain the reason, she asks him out for dinner that night. during dinner, claire expresses her love to him and tells him there is a doctor who might be able to cure his disease. after dinner, and driven by the hormone effect, they rush home for a fast hormone game. two minutes later, claire reveals more details that they actually first met when she was six years old. that time, henry traveled to the forest when claire was having a picnic. claire could not believe what henry said about time traveling at the beginning, until she saw him disappearing in front of her. since then, they have met so many times, claire confesses that she has a crush on him since they first met. later, claire introduces her friends to henry one night. however, the friend is shocked to run into henry, who's in female clothes and behaves pretty weird. but henry explains that he travels from the future. the friend doesn't believe it until he sees henry disappearing before him. the friend is astonished and finds claire right away, trying to convince her to stay away from henry. however, claire seems to care nothing about that. one day, henry travels to the past and happens to meet his young mother. he couldn't help but strike a conversation with her and tells her his affection for claire. the mother doesn't know henry is actually her future son, but she still sends her best regards to them. henry tells his father he's gonna propose to clear. the father, who's still unable to recover from his wife's death, gives the wife's wedding ring to henry. henry puts the ring on claire's finger while she's sleeping. claire fees happy to says yes without a doubt. at last, it seems that henry has found the love for his wandering soul. the marriage is blessed by their parents, so they start to prepare for the big day. henry even has his hair cut for the wedding. his father attends their wedding in a nice suit on the wedding day. however, henry travels again and disappears while he's getting dressed, which frightens the friend. fortunately, he shows up on time, so that the wedding is able to run as planned. though henry looks older when he travels back, claire also notices that, but she knows her honey just traveled back from the future. that evening, the younger henry travels back and catches up on his own wedding. so they have a great time dancing together. nevertheless, he disappears again and travels to the time when claire's very young. in the forest, henry finds the clothes and shoes they're prepared and the little claire waiting for him. these two are happily chatting while having a picnic. henry tells her he is gonna get married. however, a few minutes later, henry is brought back to the wedding night timely, so that he could catch up with the hormone bus and drive the bride's horny desires. after marriage, they moved to a new apartment, but claire is unsatisfied, since henry time travels very often and disappears out of a sudden, which makes it so difficult for her to fit in, she loses her temper and rushes out for an art show. after seeing henry was waiting for her on the couch outside, claire feels better and then follows henry to a store where he gives her a lottery he bought after his traveling back from the future. as a result, they hit 5 million, large enough for them to afford a big house. they invite some friends to their new house. during their visit, they are distracted by some strange noise and go to check it, but only to find a future henry lying on the ground injured, with a gunshot on his stomach. as the future henry disappears, soon the present henry is confused by that. he turns to worry about his future days, claire comforts him and tells him she's pregnant. then claire persuades henry to turn to the doctor for help. henry visits the doctor on the next day, telling what he has gone through in his whole life. but the doctor, who just meets henry the first time, finds it hard to believe that and doesn't take it seriously. without any choice, henry just leaves in despair. one night, while having dinner at a restaurant, claire suffers a sudden pain and finds herself bleeding. she's sent to the hospital right away. however, when henry arrives, claire has already miscarried. unwilling to accept that, henry finds the doctor and tells him their baby is also a time traveler and might have traveled to other times rather than dying, promising to conduct more examination on him. though the doctor still can't believe his [ __ ] until the time he actually sees henry's disappearing during the examination. however, the doctor is not able to come up with an effective method to prevent the future baby from miscarriage. the couple feel extremely disappointed and start their quarrel worrying about the possible miscarriage in the future. henry decides to have a sterilization surgery in the hospital so that claire won't get pregnant again. when claire learns that, she turns into tears and blames henry for that. someday, at midnight, claire receives a phone call from the young henry, who travels to the past. they are excited to meet each other and shake the car violently for a fast 6-9 hormone game because the past henry is not sterilized yet. claire gets pregnant later. henry is pretty worried about that, for he doesn't expect another miscarriage suffered by claire. however, the innocent claire is very happy about her pregnancy and begins to pick a name for her unborn daughter. weeks later, henry travels to the future where he hears a voice from a little girl who calls for him. it's shown that she's actually his 10 year old daughter. as expected, the daughter also has the same time travel power as he does. and most importantly, she's even able to control that ability, choosing the exact time and place for her travels. henry is surprised by her ability and his first meeting with his daughter. however, before they separate, the daughter informs him that he would die when she was five years old. after traveling back, henry tells claire about seeing their daughter in the future, but hides the truth of his own death. sometime later, the daughter is born. the family of three live together happily. finally, the family welcomes the daughter's five-year-old birthday. however, henry gets more anxious, for he knows he would die someday soon. the older daughter travels back to meet her younger self on that day and even tells her to be ready for daddy's death. as the daughter gets confused by what she's been told by her older self, claire talks to her in private, but only to find that henry is going to die. the couple hold a frank talk that night. the husband falls into great horror towards the coming death of himself, while claire kisses him on the forehead, trying to remove his fear. one day, hearing a cry in the house, claire rushes inside and sees henry lying naked on the floor. henry gets hurt badly on his feet and is rushed to the hospital. because of that, it would be extremely dangerous if he still travels during this period. although the older daughter tries to teach henry how to manipulate his power, henry is trapped into another travel during their talk, he shows up in front of their house, lying in the snow on christmas eve. looking through the window, he sees his future self dying on the floor, and his family and friends in great sorrows. after traveling back, he decides to spend his remaining days more positively. he teaches his daughter how to deal with all sorts of emergency and later invites their friends to come over and spend the last christmas eve together. because he's unwilling to make claire suffer everything all by herself. he tells the friend that he's going to die right that night, and then hugs claire, who's that in tears for what's going to happen later, he's brought to the same forest where he used to meet claire. he's totally naked in the snow. while he's confused and turns around, claire's father shoots at a deer close to him, but ends up missing the damn deer, unfortunately, and hitting henry's frozen dick instead. the badly injured henry is sent back to christmas eve immediately, where he's surrounded by his family and friends, passes away. finally, after the husband's death, claire raises the daughter up all by herself until the daughter is eight years old. someday. to their surprise, the younger henry travels from the past to the same forest. the family get a quick reunion before henry disappears soon. but to claire and their daughter, it feels like henry has always been there. so as always, they have his clothes and shoes ready in the forest, waiting for henry's next return. this is daniel cc movie channel. bye. 