welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka the guy with ghost puns so bad you'll just say boo. the hoarding of bly manor is now out on netflix. and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down all of the background ghosts in the season. we've binged the entire series from beginning to end and put together a full list of every time one pops up in the background. so definitely make sure you stay until the end of the video. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't seen the season yet, then i highly recommend that you you go into the lake and get the hell out of here without the way. thank you for clicking this. now let's get into the breakdown. okay, so for this video, we're not going to be covering the more obvious ones, such as all of the appearances by dany's ex-fiancee. this list is purely reserved for the more my new details. and from the off, the season is absolutely packed. the first episode actually has more ghosts in it than all the other episodes put together. and the first one we get comes at the 21 minute mark, when we see the characters walking up the stairs stood just to the right of the staircase is the plague doctor ghost, who plagues this episode, popping up at several points. this ghost was actually used in the promotional image for this season with it appearing under an archway in the photo for the mana. the character reappears a mere minute later when miles, or rather quint, pops up in dany's room. in the mirror, we can see the doctor standing there once more, and the character is gone when the camera cuts about the rest of the scene. so we know that this was definitely him. he sure gets around. and one of the more subtle moments comes at the 22 minute and 30 second mark, when we can see the ghost standing beside miles. it's extremely subtle, but we know that this is definitely the figure once more, as he's not there when everyone gets up. at 26 16, there's also dany's ex-fiance, which appears for a split second as she wipes the mirror. i didn't know whether to include this or not, but it's so brief that it just flies by, and i think a lot of people will have missed it. at the 27-22 mark, we can once more see the plague doctor standing in the doorway. the doctor is not there beforehand, even in the shots we get over dany's shoulder, which clearly shows that the space beside the doorway is empty. a figure of the ghost also appears in the dollhouse just after this moment, and it teases to the audience that we need to keep an eye out for him. 30 seconds later, dany picks up the doll off the floor, and when we cut to the mirror, we can once more see the doctor standing in the reflection. the next bit is a bit difficult to make out, but at the 29 12 mark, as dany tucks flora in, we can see over her shoulder that the plague doctor is there in the shadows. initially i was unsure over this, but he does move ever so slightly, so he can indeed confirm it. confirm it's just perfectly splendid when you crap your pants. now, at the 31 59 mark, as dany walks towards the kitchen, we can also see the doctor standing to the left of her in the shadows. cut to a minute later, and danny walks out of the kitchen, and we realize that it's been standing there in the forefront the entire time. this is probably the most obvious one, as the character moves, and it lets us know to keep an eye out for him. at the 3442 mark, we can see what looks to be a tree behind dany. however, when we cut back to this shot later in the conversation, we can see that it's in fact gone, confirming that this was the doctor. when the group are all sitting together in the kitchen, we can also spot the character kneeling down in the fireplace, watching over them as they eat. he next appears at the 44 50 mark, when dany goes to tuck flora in. we can see through her bedroom doorway into the hall, and there he is, standing against the wall. when dany kicks the doll and then picks it up, we can also see the doctor in the mirror for a split second. it's a blink and you'll miss a moment, but it works really well to subliminally let us know that he's always there. shortly after this, miles enters the room, and we can see it standing there against the wall between the two bedrooms. dany then goes to look in the cupboard, and though not initially there, when she enters we can see the figure standing at the back of the room just before she's locked in there. the final one in the episode appears at the 49-57 mark when dany goes into the hallway. down the bottom of it, we can see the doctor, once more clearly standing there. and he's making me absolutely hate my life. now, if you're all doctored out at this point, don't worry, because episode 2 had some more ghosts in, namely the child that can be seen at the bottom of the hallway at the 6 25 mark. at 2605, we can also see a quite menacing looking figure under the window of the house as owen brings out the drinks for the ladies. also, i don't know if this is the best place to mention it, but you might notice that throughout the first couple of episodes at least, whenever hannah is offered food a drink, she comes up with an excuse not to have it. the character is later revealed to be a ghost. and this is a nice bit of subtle foreshadowing, which gives away that something is not right with her. now, at 36 56, i don't know how danny doesn't spot this, but when playing hide and seek with the children, she walks into one of the rooms, and right there in front of her eye line is the plague doctor. once more, shout out to my wife for spotting this very obvious one. jump over to episode 3, and at 7 30 we can see a soldier standing right under the stairs as hannah talks to the policeman about calling mr wingrave. the character actually pops up a lot throughout this episode. and at the 12 51 mark, he appears in the church, against the wall. it's very hard to make out, but we've boosted the brightness so you can see him. at the 2006 mark, he appears in the kitchen, standing to the far right of the screen, but you'll only catch him when the lightning flashes. at 30 46, we can see the ghost of the child again, standing in the hallway as dany walks about. again, it's difficult to make out, but it's definitely there. at the 3250 mark, dany enters flora's room looking for her, and she moves past a mirror. in the reflection, we can actually see the little boy's head, and it moves around as dany leaves the room. at 34 51, we can catch the ghost of the soldier standing at the bottom of the corridor. finally, at 37 22, when hannah and owen are in the kitchen together, you can spot the plague doctor in the pantry, standing right at the back of it. episode 4 is where they really start to turn the hidden ghosts down. i think as certain elements take more of a focus, they tend to move away from this. however, at the 1431 mark, we can see a well-dressed victorian figure standing under the staircase where the soldier was last time. it's difficult to make out who this is, but their bright white socks really give it away. now at 49-28, as dany burns her ex-fiance's glasses, we can also see a figure standing further back in the garden, looking over here. in episode 5, at the 1033 mark, there appears to be a figure standing to the right of the stairs, and though i'm not sure exactly who this is, i think it's one of the creepiest out of the entire list. at 3046, when hannah is sat talking to owen, we can also see the creepy doll standing against the wall to the right of her. that's all of the ghosts that i could find in episode 5. but in episode 6, at the 1412 mark, we can see the soldiers standing sideways in the cupboard when flora's mother is trying to prove to her that there's nothing there. there is something there, fake news. now at 2040, when hannah and danny go into flora's room, we can actually see a faceless figure standing in miles doorway. the final one in the episode comes at the hour and three minute mark when dany runs up the stairs to the attic. in episode 7, we only get the one, but at the 27-23 mark, when quinn is talking to rebecca, we can see that over her shoulder in the doorway, there's a dark figure standing behind her. the final one for the series comes at the 52-39 mark in episode 8. and as the lady of the lake viola, enters the body of water. in the smug behind her, we can catch what looks like a figure cloaked in the mist. that's actually the last one for the entire series. and by the few jump scares and the reflections for dany, there's actually very few ghosts in episode nine. however, the season does still have some cooler easter eggs in it. in episode one, when dany enters a room we can see that the number on it is two, one, seven. this is actually a reference to the shining book, which flanagan is a huge fan of. the room was changed to 237 for the film because the hotel thought that people wouldn't stay in the 217 suite if they believed it was haunted. personally, that would that would be the only room i would book out. and flanagan would, of course, go on to direct the sequel of both the book and film, dr sleep, which is one of my favorite horrors of the last 10 years. at the 30 minute mark of episode 1, we also see dany sat on her bed with a head in her hands. the posture of this makes her neck look out of shape. and i believe that it's been done on purpose to reference the bent neck lady from the first season. she was played by the same actress behind dany. i think that flanagan put this in place as a cool, little nod to the prior entry. anyway, that's all of them. and obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the series. and if we missed any of the ghosts, then make sure you comment below and let us know. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our breakdown of all the hidden ghosts and things you missed in the haunting of hill house, which is going to be linked at the end. don't forget, we're giving away three copies of the marvel phase one box set. and all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe to the channel and drop a comment below. the winners are going to be chosen on the 30th of october, so make sure you get involved. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat who's on the discord server linked in the description on heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. paul the headless houseman. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. these puns just so bad every time. [Music]. you 