Hey, welcome back to scary recap. Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children is surely a peculiar movie. Though the film might remind you of 'x-men,' it also has its unique set of twists and enthralling plots. Without wasting any more time, let's dive right into it. Watch out for the spoilers ahead! The story goes something like this\xe2\x80\xa6.. 2:55 to 3:46: Jacob Portman is a very silent kid who lived with his parents. The movie features a beach in Florida while Jacob narrates how nothing he does matters and how it's so much similar to the footprints on the sand being washed away by the sea waves. Jacob is seen working in a department store while a bunch of teens come in and mess around with him. He identified one of the girls as his schoolmate and tried to talk to her. But one of the insolent boys from the group threw a pack of adult diapers aiming at the stacked-up diaper packets, causing everything to fall. This made Jacob clean up the whole mess done by the teens. When Jacob was about to pick up the packages, he was approached by the story lady, saying that he had a call to answer. This scene alone tells a lot about Jacob or Jake, who doesn't have friends and is more of a silent and vulnerable type of person. 3:50 to 8:40: The store lady named Shelly offered to give Jake a ride home to his grandpas. As Jake's dad was busy with work, Jake was pressured to visit his grandpa. On the ride home, Jake called his grandpa to see if he was doing fine. Abe, his grandpa, responded to the call in a somewhat concerned and frightened way and warned Jake not to visit home. From the grandpa's behaviors and overall body language, one could say that Abe was delusional and was suffering from Alzheimer's or dementia. But was it the truth? Abe told Jake not to see him and mentioned something about a key to his gun cabinet. Jake ignored the call and drove up to Abe's house. While driving through the foggy dark neighborhood, both Shelly and Jake saw a strange man with odd eyes; Jake especially found it pretty bizarre. Upon Jake reaching Abe's house, he found out that his grandpa's house could possibly be robbed since the inside was a mess and a few doors were broken down from the outside. Jake rushed to check on his grandpa only to see him lying on the ground surrounded by spooky trees. With the last breath he had, Abe muttered to his grandson to run away from the place. He added, "go to the island, find Emerson. The postcard, go to the loop, September 3rd, 1943". Confused about this statement, Jake asked what it meant, but his heart stopped beating before Abe could answer it. Jake then hears a creepy thumping sound and sees a giant monster with no eyes, a ferocious set of teeth, and sharp claws. When the monster was about to catch Jake, she interrupted them with her gun and shot the trees where the monster was standing because Jake was the only one who could see the monster. 8:45 to 15:30: That incident explained the next scene, which is Jacob having a conversation with his therapist. He asks why he keeps on seeing monsters and is struggling with nightmares and anxiety. Jake told her about Abe's stories in his childhood, which might have had something to do with his nightmares. He also mentioned that, according to the cops and doctors, his grandpa died of a heart attack that night, which didn't make sense since his grandpa's eyes were gone when Jake discovered him. Jakes's childhood was spent mostly with his grandpa while his parents were away for work. Both had a special bond because grandpa shared his exciting stories with Jake, and when Jake grew up constantly hearing these stories, he actually believed it. Not only did grandpa tell him the strange tales, he even showed him a few precious pictures relating to the stories. In Abe's story, he lived in a special children's house with the headmistress as Miss Peregrine who could turn into a bird. Among the special children, there were Bronwyn and Victor, who were as strong as ten men. Hugh was a boy with bees living inside him, while Emma was a girl who was lighter than the air. Abe was a native of Poland. Jake was called "tygrysku" by his grandfather, which meant "little tiger" in Polish. Jake got made fun of a lot as a kid when he explained his grandpa's tales to his classmates, which was why he had no friends. 15:35 to 36:00: On Jake's birthday after his grandpa's death, he received a present that Abe meant to give him. It was a book with a postcard inside of it. The back of the postcard had something written on it, and Jake assumed that the sentence was written by Miss Peregrine, the headmistress of the special children's house Abe used to stay at. The postcard concerned Jake a lot. During his therapy the next day, dr Golan suggested that Jake visit Miss Peregrine, who could still be alive, and confront his fears by visiting Wales, where the children's home was. Jake and his dad set off on a journey to Wales, and somehow Jake stumbles upon this abandoned, shattered mansion which the natives described as the 'special children's home.' This was surprising because this wasn't what Jake expected to see. Jake reached the hotel where he and his dad were staying. He picked up a conversation with an old guy in a wheelchair who was yet to be introduced. The old guy filled in the information that everyone at the children's home had passed away due to a German bomb attack. The next day, Jake crashes at the abandoned mansion and explores the whole abode. As Jake covered most of the filthy ancient mansion, he saw a girl standing in the corridor. To his surprise, she called him "Abe," but before she could talk, Jake fled the place. And during his escape, he encountered more children. After stumbling upon a rock, Jake was carried by Bronwyn to a cave where the other children were waiting. When Jake opened his eyes, he saw the children who his grandpa described. Still, it was hard to believe that they were standing right in front of his eyes when he knew that they all died in a bomb attack. Through a narrow path of the cave, Jake escaped and ran to the hotel where his dad was staying. The manager of the hotel couldn't recognize Jake's face and told him to get out. At the same time, the hotel customers started suspecting Jake of being an American spy who landed here for no good. Just when Jake was about to get hit, Millard, the special kid with invisible powers, started throwing the beer glasses, while Olive, who had the quirks to set a place on fire, lit the hotel up and fled the area with Jake. The children took Jake back to the children's home, where they were welcomed by Miss Peregrine smoking her pipe. Miss Peregrine introduced the children to Jake, while Jake observed all the peculiar powers of the children. Miss Peregrine also explained why other people saw peculiar children as a threat, and the mansion was a blessing to protect them. 37:00 to 1:01:35: Most importantly, she mentioned how she had the power to control time, so the 'loop' could be relived every day. Jake also meets Enoch, who could bring toys to life by placing a heart inside. During dinner, Enoch was the one who caused a fight with Emma because of his suspicious and rude behavior. Miss Peregrine quickly takes the children outside when the bomb attack happens to rewind time. After this, Jake finds his way to the hotel in the present, where his dad was searching for him. Jake finds some bad news relating to the loop at the hotel and hurries to miss peregrine to inform her the next day. Though Miss Peregrine was furious about Jake telling her the news, this was necessary. Jake is then made to visit a dead victor while Enoch played a little trick on Jake and terrified him. 1:02:00 to 1:08:00 After a while, when the children and Miss Peregrine went for a walk, Emma dragged Jake to the middle of the sea and swam below it to reach a sunken ship. Emma tells Jake about the 'bad peculiars' who Barron led. Emma also feeds Jake with the ultimate truth that he was also gifted and peculiar. 1:08:00 to 1:14:00 When disagreed with this, Emma takes Jake to the place where Miss Peregrine would kill a hollow every day, according to the loop time. Hollow is the name given for the monsters who killed Abe. In reality, Jake was the only one who could see a hollow, and that was one of the most significant powers ever. Miss Peregrine explains to Jake about the bad organization that hunts for peculiar kids. They are hideously Crazy scientists who murdered a 'Ymbryne,' which are female peculiars capable of turning into birds. The torturing of a Ymbryne was however a massive failed experiment to capture their potential to gain immortality. Mr. Barron could shift his appearance, and what gave them more power to strengthen their abilities were the peculiar eyeballs. When the hollows ate the eyeballs, they could visibly recover their human form, even though they would get milky white eyes. 1:15:00 to 1:20:19: In January 2016, an injured Ymbryne, Miss Avocet, was discovered by Emma. She said that Barron tortured her at Blackpool, England, killed her children, and tried to recreate a terrible experiment with more Ymbrynes. Jake reminded Miss Peregrine that a 'hollow' might be on the loose since he and his dad discovered a flock of sheeps dead. This news petrified Miss Peregrine, and she prepared to go with her children and Miss Avocet. Meanwhile, Jake came back in 2016, but when he finds an older man dead by the Hollow, he goes back to the cave portal to warn them that the Hollow is near. On his way to the cave, Jake was followed by another visitor on the island, an environmentalist who was actually Mr. Barron, the leader of the hollows, the crazy scientist. 1:21:14 to 1:31:00 Barron had been trying to remove Ms. Peregrine's time loop from his grandpa, but the hungry Hollow murdered Abe before he could. He then disguised as Dr. Golan with his human shifting abilities, asking Jake to visit the island so that Barron could access the loop. Barron then threatened and forced Miss Peregrine to Blackpool, leaving Jake, the other kids, and Miss Avocet as the substitute for the Hollow on the loose to prey on. Malthus, the Hollow on the loose, was coming to execute Miss Avocet, but Jake and the children tried to escape. While Malthus was close to attacking the children, he got dropped over a bomb because it was exactly the time when the German fleet came and destroyed the house by dropping bombs. Now with Miss Peregrine gone, the time loop was closed forever, leaving it locked in 1943. 1:36:00 to 1:53:00 Jake and the children traveled to Blackpool on the sunken ship and entered its January 2016 loop. It was an attempt to fight against Barron and the Hollow allies and free Miss Peregrine and the other captive Ymbrynes. After taking care of most of the hollows with the children's help, Jake goes to find Barron to finish him off. Barron then disguises himself as Jake in the hope that Emma and Enoch will become confused. But Jake could notice the hollows. To prove that he was the real Jake, he points Emma and Enoch to the last remaining Hollow, who attempted to kill them from the back. Since Barron turned himself into a fake Jake, he could not spot the Hollow from the back, and right at this moment, the Hollow killed Barron and Jake used this opportunity to slay the last Hollow. 1:54:00 Before closing the time loop, Jake said goodbye to Emma and the children as they left and returned to the ship in 1943. Jake, on the other hand, stayed in 2016 and visited Florida. He went straight to his grandfather Abe, who was alive since fate changed. Jake explained the tales in Wales and the adventures he experienced to Abe. Abe then offers Jake an international time map that allowed him to go back to 1943 to meet his pals and, most importantly, Emma. After going back to his dear friends and Emma, they tell each other their sentiments and kiss. The movie ends with the youngsters and Miss Peregrine having their happy time loop on their own ship. And like that we have reached the end of this video, we hope you liked it. Do subscribe and smash the like button for more updates. We will see you soon. 