we need to figure out who kidnapped me. i'm fairly certain that my father's behind me. i'm lieutenant marcus pierce. i heard a lot about your lieutenant, and i'm really excited to work with you, aren't you? that crap cop that caught off easy? excuse me, lucifer, i'm not angry with you that you somehow got your wings back, or even that you cut them off again. i was tested once and i failed. i'm not gonna fail again. i suppose this won't bother you. who's the sinner man who hired me to kidnap you? he's so scary, dude. huge crime boss. and where do i find him? you don't he finds you. people come to me to ask for favors, and more often than not, i'm happy to oblige. what do you get? simply to be repaid at a later date? a devilish iou, if you will. now that we are stuck here, i need to figure out where i fit in. i got paid as a bounty hunter. look, if you're upset about what the lieutenant said, you're not alone. he's not a fan of mine either. and i still can't believe he called me the lucifer's partner. doctor, someone is forcing those wings on me. they took away my devil face. i won't stand for someone making me something i'm not. i'm loose of a bloody morning star. i do favors better than anyone else, or at least i used to. and i think that maybe it's about time i got back in the game. and even though he doesn't realize that everything he does seems designed to hurt me, to test you. my test is lucifer. it's always been lucifer. you okay, yeah, i'm fine. i mean, thanks to lieutenant pierce. he saved my life. don't worry, pal. luckily pierce was with her and i wasn't. for the cold shoulder, you seduce me, you almost die, and then you ghost me for weeks. nothing about any of that makes any sense to me. it doesn't make any sense to me either. i used to see a light in you. all i see now is darkness. we're separated. we sign the divorce papers. happy birthday, detective beautiful. what is it? it's the bullet from when you shot me. being good takes practice. keep at it, and you don't get better. i guess i should take that job then what job? being a celestial insider really sucks. i was in a really dark place, but someone helped me gain perspective. i can see why lucifer's so affected by you. it's because you're special. becker, so why is your gift desire? desire is the ultimate expression of free will. i help people do whatever or whomever they want. cinnamon is not a myth. i bought it. heads with them in chicago did not end well. i quit my job. today is my first day in the district attorney's office. surprise. hello. i thought you were looking for me. come on, let's talk. i want to do you a little desire. why is this case so important to you? the sooner man killed my brother. just read the crime scene report, and holy marino has just stopped talking into my eyes now you'll never know what i want. i figured out that you're the one who grabbed the center man. i told you, i did this fast. i had your back on this, and for whatever reason, you still felt the need to go behind mine. the world's first measure, marked by a guard and doomed to walk the earth alone for a tortured eternity. it's quite the monika when you agree kane, weird seeing you and amanda deal so chummy. i don't want you two getting together. i understand. as a thank you for watching trixie. maybe we can go grab that coffee sometime. dinner would be more romantic. hey, lieutenant, are you going somewhere? i put in for a transfer. maybe you don't have to go. has it, you know, for an immortal, you really do bleed a lot, don't you? i'm still human. i still feel all the pain that comes with death. just the wounds heal. did you know that linda and amanda deal are a thing? so are old flames having a fling? i don't care. why should you? unless you're still hot for angel? no, do you sing? ask me, kane, what is it that you desire to die? i will find a way to end your infinite misery if it's the last thing i do. my dad screwed us both, but perhaps there's a way for us to screw him back. if we're going to kill you, we have got to do it together. missing time someone else was living my life. i've been pretending like i remember it all, because otherwise everyone would think they're crazy. i really appreciate how you handled the whole me, not wanting you and amen to deal with the bone thing. i do really like you. thanks. i'd like to try and help you. don't have to treat me. i think i do. you know, don't you? you're the ones who've been lying to me about this fling for weeks. in my quest to help you die, i've done some research. i've read every book. i've analyzed every language. i'm completely out of ideas. we can't rewrite history. detective. you're a genius. you've just given me my idea. i know this is scary, but we need to start in your health. i shall fly down to hell [ __ ] your brother's soul and drop it into a vacant body. this would make you innocent, so many things that father can still take away from i've never done it without you. without me, you wouldn't have been in danger in the first place. the one man i've cared about, i still gave him up. that's how much i care about a future. go to the house. if the detective had died, it would have been my fault. i know i promised to help you end your curse, but we need to dissolve our unholy alliance. the risk is too great. you're terrified of letting someone get close to you because you know they'll eventually leave you. you'll outlive them in the surveillance van. when i asked you to stay in l.a, we did have a moment there, which is why i had to tell you that i'm not relationship material. you got to have faith, because life can surprise you. now if my brother the devil can have that, maybe i can too. mom lucifer said that you were gone. do i know you? you know, lucifer, you do know me. there's only room for one immortal in the detective's life, and that position has already been filled by you. the detective and i are a team. i am sick of your goody two-shoes ex-wife and that stupid little brat about you. you deserve someone who's gonna let you in, and i wanna do that, if you're good. charlotte richards is back. i think that maybe she deserves to know the trouble. she's the key to finally getting what i've always wanted. just wish i knew the piss his intention. you 