Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2008 American monster film called 'Cloverfield'. The film is directed by Matt Reeves, produced by J. J. Abrams, and written by Drew Goddard. The movie follows five young New Yorkers running for their lives while battling giant monsters and other lesser beasts in the streets of the city while throwing a goodbye party. Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. According to the DVD presentation, the footage seen in the film is that retrieved by the United States Department of Defense, and it bears a disclaimer that details numerous Cloverfield-like creatures appearing in the area 'previously known as Central Park.' On older video, Rob awakens at Beth's father's New York City apartment to have a wonderful day before setting out for Coney Island with her. A few little pieces of this overwritten video occasionally emerge throughout the film. The gathering includes Jason's fianc\xc3\xa9e Lily and Jason's brother, who are celebrating Rob's new job in Japan. Hud shoots testimonials for Rob as the celebration is in progress. Rob's prior relationship with Beth causes a new man to attend the party. Rob and Beth quarrel over who her visitor would be, and during this argument, Beth flees just as a large earthquake strikes, creating a local power outage. In the aftermath, the local news reports a sunken oil ship in New York Harbor. After the guests leave, the head of the Statue of Liberty is thrown onto the road in front of them. One of Hud's entries recounts a gigantic monster destroying the Woolworth Building in downtown New York City. When the creature's tail destroys the Brooklyn Bridge, many additional people die. It appears like the 42nd Infantry Division, a component of the Army National Guard, is fighting the monster. It comes with smaller parasitic organisms that try to harm people and troops nearby. [a] As Rob listens to the voicemail message from Beth, who is locked in her apartment in the Time Warner Center, he realises she is trapped there and is unable to move. Rob, Hud, Lily, and another party-goer, Marlena, travel into Midtown Manhattan to rescue Beth, who is now in a deserted section of the city. At 3:17 a.m., they are assaulted by parasitic beings who rush into the subway, and find themselves in a struggle with the monster. Marlena is bitten by one of the monsters during the scuffle. Bypassing the metro, the four make their way to an underground mall, where she starts to feel sick. They are captured by soldiers and brought to a military base and medical clinic located nearby. Marlena is bleeding from her eyes in response to being bitten. She explodes in a tent, which is why she is in this state. Rob hopes to free Beth by influencing one of the military commanders, but the result is a trap that entraps them all. As he is notified, the military's 'Hammer Down Protocol' is triggered and the monster is killed. Beth was impaled on exposed rebar when she arrived at her apartment building after it had been knocked down. When they reach the Grand Central Terminal evacuation location, they come face to face with the monster once more. With only minutes to spare, Lily is hurried aboard a Marine Corps chopper and manages to escape. A few minutes later, Rob, Beth, and Hud are evacuated by a second helicopter, which also takes off in time to see the creature's destruction. With the bombing, the creature fell, and assuming victory, the participants believed the task was over. In fact, the thing continued to attack the helicopter in Central Park, forcing it to crash. Fifteen minutes after the radio device aboard the wrecked helicopter warns of the Hammer Down procedure, a voice announces the protocol's beginning. The three companions come awake, and one of them attempts to return to the wreckage to grab the camera. They run into the beast, who kills Hud. Beth and Rob pull out the camera and duck under an arch, as bombs start to drop. Beth and Rob each give their final statement of the day. Rob's camera is buried in rubble when the bridge falls. Before another bomb detonates, both Rob and Beth declare their love for each other. Then, all of a sudden, the monster roars and they both scream while holding on for dear life. After the climax of Rob and Beth's journey to Coney Island, the movie comes to a close. While the surface of the water looks calm, an inaudible yet tangible item falls into the water. During the film's transition from one scene to the next, Beth says, 'I had a nice day.' If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 