Welcome to Movie Shortens. Follow us today to a movie titled: Cube. Be aware, there are spoilers! The movie begins as a man, Alderson, awakens in a strange box-like room. He is clad in what appears to be prison overalls. He is clearly confused and has no idea where he is but he finds a number of handles around the room. Alderson soon realizes he is able to twist these, each opening a square shaped door to another near-identical room. The rooms appear to vary only in their colour. He steps through another and triggers a booby trap. He is brutally killed, cut into many small pieces. Cutting to another room, we see another man, Worth, asleep. He is wearing similar prison-style fatigues. A bloodied hand emerges through one of the doors, followed by its owner, Quentin. He is more alert and agitated. As another door opens, he runs and grabs the person emerging from it and tosses her across the room. Her name is Holloway and she is in a state of panic. Almost immediately, Quentin hears someone yell in a nearby room and so he goes to investigate. Here he sees Leaven. He warns her not to move and checks for traps, before helping her back into the room where the others are. The last to enter is an older man named Rennes. It is at this point that Quentin warns the group about the traps, suggesting that they don\xe2\x80\x99t go climbing about. Upon entry, Rennes immediately begins unlacing his boots. Meanwhile, Holloway, who is a doctor, tends to Worth who has been hit on the head. Rennes uses his boot, checking another room for traps, hurling it through and hauling it back using the laces. The boot is immediately torched. Rennes suggests this trap has been activated by motion sensors. The group attempts to establish how they arrived in the cube, but all they can remember are their final actions outside of the cube. Their conversation is interrupted by a grinding noise and a brief but heavy tremor. The group contemplate their next move, with Rennes suggesting they move in a straight line until they get out. Quentin agrees while Leaven wishes to stay, but she is persuaded to join them. Worth is dismissive of their plan and suggests there is no way out. It is during this conversation that Quentin reveals he is a cop. In the next room, the group speculates as to the cause of the vibrations. They rule out ventilation as a possibility. They also notice that each room has a lengthy set of numbers at each entry point. Holloway draws the other members\xe2\x80\x99 attention to their plight. With no food or water, she suggests, they can only survive for about 3 days. Quentin soon works out that Rennes is actually The Wren - a famous criminal who has successfully escaped from 7 different prisons. This gives Leaven hope that he\xe2\x80\x99ll help them escape, but Wren declares that he is only taking them with him because he needs their boots. Clearly overconfident, Wren hops into the next room and triggers a trap which squirts acid into his face. Though the others are able to help him out of the trapped room, he quickly dies as the acid eats through his face and into his skull. Next, Quentin begins to contemplate why the group has been selected and begins interrogating the others. Leaven is dismissive of her talents, telling them she\xe2\x80\x99s just a student, and Worth says he is merely an office worker. We find out that Quentin is a father of three and he\xe2\x80\x99s desperate to get out. Holloway is angry and openly speculates about who or what has put them here. Quentin realizes that Holloway\xe2\x80\x99s rings have been taken, but not Leaven\xe2\x80\x99s glasses, suggesting there must be a reason for this. He draws her attention to the numbers on one of the cell doors. She quickly concludes that only the rooms with prime numbers have been a trap thus far. It is soon revealed that she has a gift for working with numbers. The group believe she has decoded the system as she jumps excitedly through to the next room. Eventually the group find themselves in a room in which all the doors appear to lead to a trapped room, with the exception of the one in the roof. Quentin climbs up to open this. As he does so the final prisoner, Kazan, falls through the door, knocking over Leaven in the process. Kazan appears almost catatonic and bangs her head against the wall. He wants to go back to a blue room. Holloway signs him off as mentally handicapped. While the others wish to leave Kazan behind, Holloway says that she\xe2\x80\x99ll take care of him. As Holloway springs into the next room she appears to choke. The others assume this to be gas and summon her back. However, she is actually choking on a button she had been sucking on to keep her saliva flowing. The room is safe. The next one isn\xe2\x80\x99t though and Leaven spots this just in time. This gives Quentin the chance to dive out of the way before being cut to pieces. He sustains injuries to his arm and leg, but survives and remains mobile. The room code did not contain a prime number so their system has failed them. Tensions rise and Quentin begins to blame Kazan for this, claiming he knew about the trap. Meanwhile, Leaven gets to work re-exploring her number theory. Quentin also challenges Worth about his negative attitude. As they argue, Worth finally admits that he helped to build the outer shell of the cube. He claims to have had no knowledge as to what it was or what it would be used for. As Holloway, Quentin and Worth continue to fight about its purpose and their plight, Quentin turns violent and punches Worth. Leaven interjects, claiming they need Worth. She soon discovers he knows the cube\xe2\x80\x99s dimensions. This allows her to work out that it is probably around 26 rooms across in each direction. Then, using the numbers as coordinates she is able to discern their location and the quickest route to the edge of the cube. En route to its edge the group come across a boobytrapped room blocking their path. They figure out this one is trapped using sound sensors. Rather than turn back, they decide to push on and attempt to move through it in silence. Each member makes it through with Quentin the last to follow. As he approaches the exit door, Kazan yelps and activates the trap, but Quentin makes it through. Clearly angered by this, a further argument ensues. As they fight, Holloway - who is increasingly protective of Kazan - suggests Quentin was probably an abusive husband and that he clearly likes young girls. This seems based on the affection he has been showing towards Leaven. Quentin loses control and aggressively slaps Holloway. Now at the end, the group are desperate to find a door on a wall facing their edge of a cube. They decide to make a rope using their overalls so one member can swing across to investigate. Though Quentin eventually volunteers, they decide on Holloway as she is considerably lighter than the heavier police officer. On the outside of the cube, at the bottom of their rope, Holloway swings across 3 times but cannot see a door. On the third occasion the remainder of the group lose grip on the rope, shaken by the cube\xe2\x80\x99s vibrations. As the rope slips from the cube, Quentin dives and grabs it, saving Holloway. However, as she climbs back up and clasps his hand, he decides to let her go. She plummets to her death. Though Quentin claims she slipped, it is clear that the rest of the group have their doubts. With the relationship between the members of the group more strained than ever, Quentin attempts to head off with Leaven leaving the others behind. In the next room, he approaches her from the back in what appears to be a sexual advance. She attempts to resist him, but he tightens his grip. Luckily, she is saved by Worth. As a result of his intervention, Quentin turns violent beating Worth. He then drops him through the door in the floor of this room into the one below. From there we hear Worth begin to chuckle. He has landed next to the corpse of Rennes. Devastated, the rest of the group conclude they have been going around in circles. It is in this room that they make two major discoveries though. Firstly, Worth realizes they have ended up in the same room, the rooms have been moving every time they have felt vibrations. Leaven, meanwhile, is once again confident she has decoded the system, with the trapped rooms identified not by prime numbers but by the powers of prime numbers. Sadly, she tells the others, calculating these is beyond her capabilities and she\xe2\x80\x99d need a computer to do it. As they argue about this, Kazan begins to speak. The others quickly realize he is an autistic savant and can do these calculations with ease. They use his amazing mathematical powers to help them continue their journey, occasionally having to bribe him with the promise of candy if they make it out. Desperate to be rid of an increasingly volatile Quentin, the group lay a trap for him. Initially, as he attempts to make it through a door, Worth traps him in it. When Quentin is able to clamber through he is lured into the middle of the room by Leaven and Kazan. He falls through the door on the floor that Worth has opened. With Quentin lying lifeless on the floor, blood emanating from his head, they continue on their journey. The group make it to what they believe to be a bridge room which, ever so often, moves into a position in which they can escape. Here, at what they believe to be the right moment, they open a door to the outside. A striking white light shines through. While Kazan and Leaven start heading out, Worth remains seated and tells them he wishes to stay behind. He has lost the will to live. As Leaven tries to persuade him to join her, Quentin re-emerges from the door behind her and stabs her using one of the door handles. He also attacks Worth, severely wounding him. He then closes in on Kazan who has made it to the bridge, but is held back by Worth. The cubes change position and in doing so it tears Quentin in half, whose upper body is now on the outside. In the final scene, as Kazan strolls down the bridge surrounded by light, Worth crawls into the middle of the room to die at Leaven\xe2\x80\x99s side. Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to turn on your notifications. That really helps my channel. Thanks for watching! 