welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and it's Friday, so it's time for the mando. everywhere I go, I make the gang go with the fourth episode of Star Wars, the Mandalorian, now hitting Disney. Plus, it's time to go back to a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away. throughout this video, we'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the latest episode, its overall plot, the Easter eggs and our theories on what could be happening in the future. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch episode 4 yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for breakdowns like this every day and weekly coverage on the mandalorian. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of the mandalorian. okay, so episode 4 opens on the planet of Sauron, namely a small fishing village that we see in the middle of a raid from Cantu nians. this location becomes the main staying point of the episode. and this introduction sort of place into the overall arc of this week's entry. we do see for a split second in the episode that Sauron has two moons, which may echo the two suns of Tatooine. and this is a nice little Easter Egg for fans of the force. during the raid, we see a character known as oh Mira and her daughter winter, hiding out, much in the same way that mano had to hide out as a child. though the settings are different, there are still similarities. and this lets us know that no matter what things suck in the galaxy, the collapse of the Empire has sort of destabilized everything, and we need order, order 66 hashtag make the galaxy great again. now, for me, this is a beautiful introduction, and it really shows how much effort Disney are putting into their productions. throughout those metaphors for the Battle of Endor with an organic, natural location being taken over by cold, hard and imperialistic figures. we jump to the races crest, which is sort become a kindergarten for baby Yoda, who gets cuter and cuter by the minute, touching things and getting told off by his newly adopted dad, Oh and, oh, this scene is adorable. and you really get the care that he has over the creature, which is what the backbone of the series really is, your little womp rat. mando picks up Zorgon and decides that after last week's big ordeal, that they need to hide out from bounty hunters, and this backwater planet is the perfect place to pick. the famous last words are, no one's gonna find us here. and they land on sorg in which mando says he will scout out by himself. you can't leave a little baby out of Hein, though, and he quickly joined sim on this adventure. now I love how they are slowly starting to build their relationship, and this opener for the episode really flashes out their attachment with one another. it's amazing that the creative team have managed to convey such emotion and attachment between what is basically a guy whose face we can't see and a puppet. there's not all that much dialogue between the two, but watching dinner on say, oh, what the hell? come on, is a moment that really solidifies their relationship with one another. when exploring the settlement, we get our first introduction to Korra, Joon, who we learn is an ex shock trooper that was part of the Rebel Alliance. we also see a loft cat, which hisses, a baby Yoda. and these creatures were big mainstays in rebels. now all of the people who were complaining that the Mandalorian didn't have any female characters can shut the hell up now and go and find something else. completely pointless to complain about, because Korra is a badass. and early on, she goes head-to-head with mando, showing that she's a clear match for the character. I love the scene where he follows her out, using detective vision to track her footprints. and just as he thinks he's closing the net, she pops up with a nice surprise. mando may be able to take a blaster bolt to the head without flinching, but one of Kara's punches puts him out faster than Disney managed to get baby older toys out. get it cuz cuz that didn't get them out very fast. just as it looks like the two are about to shoot one another, baby Yoda pops up, instantly calming the situation and subtly saying hello to his new mom and dad. Korra divulges that since the events of Return of the Jedi, that the rebels have been hunting down the Imperial warlords, and that she was a member of the assassination team that tracked them down. this is a very clear metaphor on the second world war, when Jewish forces were tracked down surviving members of the Reich that had went into hiding in countries like Brazil and Argentina. and this made car a call to the galaxy. cora has a very small Rebel Alliance Tatiana cheek, that we catch glimpses up throughout the episode. and this lets you know just how loyal she was to the group. she ended up going into early retirement, finding a home on Sauron. and she was initially wary about boy mando because she believed that he was a bounty hunter for imperial forces that were out for revenge. all I can say is, thank God for baby Yoda. I don't just mean in the show. I mean thank God cuz Star Wars was looking dead til it showed up. I'm still using it as a pronoun for baby Yoda because we don't know if it's a boy or girl yet. however, I have seen some people say that it is, in fact, a girl in the script, though I've been unable to verify this. fully plot twist of the century, though, yeah, baby Yoda could be a girl. guess those people who said that there's no females in the Mandalorian a feeling priests stupid right now, aren't they? I know it's you dislike in the video right now. anyway, after this exposition dump, Cara says that mando and baby Yoda have to move on, because otherwise it will draw attention to her hiding place. and the two look like they're gonna be back on the road again, until two people from the village recruit the Mandalorian to protect their home. initially, he's put off by the idea, but quickly, man--not realizes just how good of a hiding place this could be for the characters. with the help of Cara, they go to the village, and we rejoin winter and other kids, who fall head-over-heels with baby Yoda. this would have been the perfect advert for kids Christmas presents, but dizzy didn't get the toys out in time. so, yeah, well done, guys. great job. now, throughout the episode. I really got flashes of the classic film Seven Samurai and a lot of the atmosphere throughout this entry. I think apes that the way the huts were designed had an almost ancient Japanese feeling to them. and if you're gonna steal, you might as well steal from the best, right? let me know if you disagree or agree with me in the comments. but personally, I saw a lot of similarities. and maybe being Captain Obvious right now, but yeah, that that's what I picked up from this episode. Amira sparks up a conversation with manda at one point in the episode as she notices that he doesn't remove his helmet at all, even when others are eating around him. Mandel confirms that he hasn't removed his helmet in front of anyone since he was a child. and I bet it smells like Banda Pudu in there. anyway, this is the mandalorian way, as we saw in episode 3. and no initially was stated that the character would never take it off throughout the entire series. we do see him remove it in this episode, though we don't see his face. he does take it off in order to eat. and this scene echoes the moment in the Empire Strikes Back, where Vader removes his helmet, and we get a glimpse at the character from behind. in Star Wars, helmets almost used as a way to separate the humanity of the character from what's really going on. and the fact that man who removes his helmet at one point, right next to a window, could show that he is opening up to the galaxy. he talks a lot more in this episode, and as far as character development goes, it's hard to really fault how far he's come. later on, he mentions that once you take the helmet off, you can't really put it back on again. and it's highlights that when you open up, that it's difficult to close yourself off. the helmet really acts as a wall for the character throughout the episode, with a Mira desperately trying to remove it because she knows that if she does, the two will finally have a connection. even if man no rebuffs this and leaves it on for the finale of the episode to show that he's a man of the code, putting his duties above all else. we know that man oh did at one point live life helmet free. so that, to me, suggests that the fan theory that he was found and rescued by the Mandalorians during the Great Purge has a lot of weight to it. some lip service paid to this, and we did see last time that the character came paced a gun with a super battle droid. and it is possible that during this moment, Mandalorians came to the rescue and he ended up joining them. there's also theories that he was saved by a Jedi, most likely Yoda, and this is why he gained such an attachment to the young critter that he now has as a best friend. though this episode doesn't offer up any answers in terms of what's really happened, I am leaning more towards the first theory. now, as mono did not have any awareness of the force, and thus he probably didn't know about the Jedi, which would have been the case during the original trilogy, as they were all but extinct. when out scouting Korra and mono discover the tracks of an 80s Dee, or, as we used to call them back in the day, chicken walkers. this highlights that since the fall of the Empire, a lot of their materials have become scavenged and hoarded by criminals moser, namely the group of clan - nian Raiders, Korra and my manma mando, Oh, so I need to stop calling people my man returned to a mirror and tell them that they need to leave, but they refused to. and in order for them to serve what's going to come, we're gonna need a montage. after everyone gets trained up. they laid the plan out, whether you use a ditch to trap the chicken Walker, sorry, a TST. and during this the villages will fight back against the Raiders. it's an awesome action scene. and I love this sob Mad Max tone that the show has slowly evolved into, even the ending echos that series, of a man on the road, going from location to location, helping people. and this big fight in the second half of the episode really doesn't disappoint. mando and chorus, Niek into the writers camp and blow up their favorite tent, which lulls them into activating the a TST, complete with evil-looking red eyes, and it follows them back to the farm. there was a feeling here of war of the worlds for me. and the tree line shuffling about as the huge machine lurched forward. this episode definitely showcases how intimidating 80's teas are. and if you found them laughable after they got beaten so badly by the Ewoks, then this will definitely return them as one of the coolest crafts and Star Wars. unfortunately for the two the trap doesn't work right away, and the Walker doesn't walk her way into the trap. that's got to be one of the worst puns I've ever done. it fires from a distance while it's Raiders rushed the group. eventually, the 80s D does fall into the trap, after Cora rushes at it with a rifle and din jarring blows it up by throwing a bomb into the cockpit. Raiders retreat, and it looks like the villagers have won. the battle is over, and they just managed to get through it by the skin of their teeth. if only, if only they'd had someone extremely strong with the force, I could have destroyed that Walker in a second. now, speaking of baby Yoda, mono has a tough decision to make. he can either return back to life on the road after the ruckus he has caused, or he can retire and live in peace. he doesn't want to remain, but he realizes that this would be an amazing place for baby Yoda to grow and have a normal childhood, out in the forest of bounty hunters track down the character, and a Mira tries to get him to finally remove his helmet, accepting his place in the village. he refuses, and this actually saves his life, as he unknowingly is being watched by the hunter, who potentially has a sniper shot for the character. the hunter aims for baby Yoda, and he shot last second by Korra, which is when it's revealed that the hunter has been tracking the case. though man Oh destroys this locator, we know that there will be others, and Cora and man know part ways until their paths cross again, with the lone wolf and his pup heading out into the galaxy, ending the episode. now going forward, man no basically only has two choices. you can either keep running, hoping to evade the long arm of both the Empire and the bounty hunters, or you can take them head-on in order to stop them tracking him. it looks like the character actually goes with the former over the latter. with a synopsis for episode 5, saying, the Mandalorian helps a rookie bounty hunter who is in over his head. this could be someone who is trying to track him down that simply can't match up with the bounty hunter, so he decides to help him out and build his own network, rather than constantly having to look over his shoulder. this is kind of backed up by the synopsis for episode 6, which reads, the Mandalorian joins a crew of mercenaries on a dangerous mission. even though it may not be intentional, it does look like our characters a building of group that they can at least rely on should things with the Empire heat up, which no doubt they will, as everyone, including my grandma, wants a baby Yoda. I'm surprised that we didn't get any more backstory this episode, but I do have a feeling that sooner rather than later, we will get an episode that centers heavily on mandos past and answers more questions about the character. overall, I had a great time with this week's entry, and it feels like another solid episode and a show that is slowly becoming one of the best Star Wars properties. and yes, now, obviously I'd love to hear your thoughts on the Mandalorian, episode 4, as well as what your theories for the future. are you enjoyed the video, then please give it a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our full breakdown of the Mandalorian so far, which would be linked at the end. you've gone over the whole series, episode by episode, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to come chat to me after the video, that makes you follow me on twitter at definition whitey. will head over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. also giving away a free copy of the marble phase 3, part 2, boxer on blu-ray, which Taine's black panther, infinity war and game captain table more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the mandalorian in the comment section below. but when it's gonna be chosen on the 15th of december, and the set will be shipped out from the enter against the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 