hello movie fans, and welcome back to another full movie recap with movie reveals. in today's video, we're going to give you a full play by play summary on the extremely thought-provoking sci-fi action movie called lucy. if you like movies with a twist, then this one is certainly for you. when a boyfriend tricks lucy scarlett johansson, into delivering a briefcase to a supposed business contact, the once carefree student is abducted by thugs who intend to turn her into a drug mule. she is surgically implanted with a package containing a powerful chemical, but it leaks into her system, giving her superhuman abilities, including telekinesis and telepathy. with her former captors in pursuit, lucy seeks out a neurologist, morgan freeman, who she hopes will be able to help her. warning, this is a spoiler alert. but at least you will get to know what the movie is about. and whether you want to watch it or not, hope you enjoy. 25-year old american lucy is studying in taipei, and is met outside a hotel by her new boyfriend, richard. making up a story, he asks her for a favor and to deliver a briefcase to someone in the hotel. he tells her to go to the hotel room of mr jay and get him the briefcase. she asks him what's inside the briefcase, to which he tells her to stop being paranoid. at this point, it doesn't take much to figure out that her new boyfriend is a sleaze bucket and not to be trusted. basically, he's tricking her into becoming a drug mule for a south korean drug lord. and the contents of the briefcase is four packets of cph.4, a highly valuable synthetic drug. richard tells her he will be paid a thousand dollars to deliver the briefcase and offers to give her half. she says she is not interested in that. she wants to leave. as lucy turns to go, richard handcuffs her wrist to the briefcase handle. she is very angry and demands that he remove it. as mr zhang is the only person with the key. she has no choice. richard gives her the money and she walks to the hotel lobby. lucy informs the hotel front desk clerk that she has arrived to see mr jang. lucy hesitantly informs him that richard sent her. when he asks her name, lucy returns her gaze to the window where she sees richard encouraging her. mr jang insists on knowing her name, says the worker at the front desk. richard is shot dead as a gang of guys approaches her from the elevator. terrified, lucy is forced into the elevator and taken up to mr james room. he meets lucy, hands soaked in blood. blood splatters across his face, and he walks over to his desk, sits down and makes a phone call to a man who can translate for lucy, clearly distraught, she cries, saying she hasn't done anything wrong and has no idea of what is going on. she explains that she does not know what is in the briefcase and that richard forced her to deliver it to him. jang writes down the number one, four, zero on a piece of paper, hands it to her and leaves the room. as his men follow him, they equip themselves with firearms and seat cover, fearful that something awful would happen, the number, according to the translator, is the code for opening the briefcase. she opens the briefcase and describes the contents as four blue crystal filled plastic bags. jane returns and pierces one of the pouches with his knife. he inserts a straw into the powder. his men then drag in a junkie and force him to snort some of the blue crystals. the man immediately convulses, but then starts laughing. jang then shoots him in the head. jang then orders lucy to do a job for him. but when she refuses, one of his men hits her heart in the face. professor samuel norman, in the meanwhile, delivers a presentation on his brain capacity studies. he talks about darwin's theory of evolution and what would happen if people could employ more than 10 percent of their mental capacity. the topic is extremely thought-provoking for everyone listening. in the next scene, lucy wakes up in a hotel room with a bloody bandage on her stomach. then some of james men enter the room, throw some clothes and ask her to get dressed quickly. they then take her to meet jay, and she asks what they did to her. that is when a british man known as the limey enters the scene. he explains that she and three other men have each had a bag of the cp h.4 inserted into their stomachs, and that they will be used as drug mules. they are each given passports and air tickets and told that the drugs will be removed when they arrive. the limey also warns them not to alert anyone of what has happened. professor samuel norman continues his presentation. at the same time, if the environment is adverse, he argues, the cell will always choose immortality and relocate. it will, however, opt to stay and breed if the habitat is favorable. in the next scene, we see if jiang thug comes into the room where lucy is being held captive. he puts his hand down the front of her blouse and makes lewd comments. after knocking her to the floor, he kicks her repeatedly in the stomach. she is in chains and cannot escape. lucy notices her stomach is bleeding. the beating she took caused breaking the bag and releasing a large quantity of the drug into her system. she begins to convulse and frash across the room, and then strangely, levitates to the wall and then the ceiling, until she falls back down. back during the lecture, the professor discusses how people might influence other humans and even matter if they could use more than 40 percent of their mental capacity. then a student asks him, what would happen if people could access 100 percent? after some deliberation, he answers that he has no idea. we cut back to lucy, who opens her eyes, which are now bright blue, and she sits back on the chair. it would appear that the drug is given her enhanced physical and mental capabilities. the thumb from earlier returns, and lucy smiles at him as she spreads her legs, seducing him. thinking he is in luck, he puts his keys and his gun on the table. he moves towards her, leans over, lucy grabs his belt, flips him over, and then pulls the table closer to grab his gun. framed herself, she walks through the building while shooting the other thugs. as they ate. she notices she has been shot, but removes the bullet without any pain. she eats the food before leaving after walking through the building, she sees two taxi drivers outside. she shoots one in the leg and tells the other to take her to hospital. that is when lucy realizes she has heightened senses, as she clearly hears people speaking outside the taxi. on arrival the hospital, she is able to read the signs as easily as if they were in english. she enters an operating room where physicians are doing a procedure. lucy examines the x-rays of the patient. she kills a man, claiming that they couldn't save him because the tumor in his spine had spread too far. she forces the doctors at gunpoint to remove the bag from her stomach. the doctor removes the pouch of drugs from lucy's stomach. she tells him the bag contains cph4. the doctor is surprised, telling her that this is something that pregnant women produce six weeks into their pregnancy as nutrients for the fetus. she acquires increasingly enhanced physical and mental capabilities such as telepathy, telekinesis, mental time travel and the ability not to feel pain. she also becomes ruthless and emotionless. lucy returns to mr jang's hotel, kills his bodyguards, assault him and telepathically extracts the locations of the three remaining drug mules from his brain based on images of their passports and playing tickets. lucy begins researching her condition and contacts scientist daniel norman, whose research may be the key to saving her. she approaches norman to request a meeting. after reading norman's 6734 page research on the human brain, in a couple of seconds, she appears on his television and describes what she is going through now that her brain capacity has increased to 28 lucy describes the changes in her mind and body and says he is correct in his theory, as she is now able to control other people and matter. she says it seems that all things that make her human are fading away. the less human she feels, the more knowledge she has. after she tells him that she will be dead in 24 hours, she asks what she should do. norman simply replies that she should pass the knowledge onto others. lucy says she'll be at his door in 12 hours. she watches a description of herself on the television as the killer of the patient she shot in the hospital as she walks through the airport. lucy has the ability to quickly change her appearance in order to escape being identified. she calls a french policeman, captain pierre del rio, to inform him of the other drug mules. an airport security dog approaches her and backs away as she looks into its eyes. as the mule arrives in berlin, he is apprehended by the police, as are the others in paris and rome. lucy resumes her brain studies. after boarding the plane, she is asked to switch off her computer by the flight attendant. without even looking at the woman. lucy orders a glass of champagne and advises her to clean her bleeding nose. lucy toasts to knowledge she has reached 40 brain capacity. she sees her tooth at the bottom of the glass, and then she costs three more teeth into her hand. her skin starts to disintegrate, horrifying the passengers and flight attendants. lucy runs to the bathroom where her fingers begin to disintegrate. her face starts to melt. she retrieves the rest of the cph.4 from her bag and frantically eats it. after the drug restores her back to normal. she passes out. lucy awakens in a hospital ward, her brain working at 50 percent of its capability. she immediately sits up and gets dressed. del rio and his guys approach her. as she walks away, the men fall asleep as she moves her hands. lucy informs him that she requires his undivided attention. del rio assures her that the other parcels are secure with him. she walks away after responding that they would be safer in her care. one of jane's henchman, jai, arrives at the hospital with more armed men to find the other mules. del rio looks apprehensively at lucy as they sit in his police car. listening to the police radio. jang orders his men to find lucy after being told that she has escaped with the drugs. lucy drives del rio at high speed through the streets of paris. james men go to the hospital to remove the drunk pouches from the mules. when lucy and del rio arrive at the hospital, the thugs are shooting their way out to escape, jabber trees the pouches, stepping over the dead bodies on his way out to the passage. lucy is standing there with del rio. jai orders his men to kill her and to get the pouch. with her brain now functioning at 60, she used her mind power to create an invisible wall to prevent jay from escaping with the briefcase full of drugs. the men's weapons levitate to the ceiling, and lucy approaches them, using her powers of levitation on them as well. lucy snatches gia's briefcase and immobilizes him. she offers del rio the briefcase and stuffs the last bag she took from the mule's body inside it. he tells her that he is no longer useful to her. and she comes over to him and kisses him, telling him that he reminds her that she is human. when jane notices them walking away, he sends his henchmen to pursue them. professor norman and his colleagues at the university meet lucy and del rio, and he explains her superhuman powers with them. lucy is asked by one of the instructors to demonstrate her talents. even though lucy has never seen the doctor, she grabs his shoulder and tells him exactly how his daughter died. jai gives jae an update on lucy, and jane declares that he will murder her himself. jang and his men arrive at the university. lucy is asked by a professor how she was able to keep all of her dana safe at the cellular level. she uses her hand to demonstrate how cells deform and regenerate to find her. jane's men infiltrate the building and begin firing. lucy gives the cph4 to the professors to synthesize it into liquid form. she tells professor norman that when she is at full brain capacity, she will build him a computer so he can access all the knowledge she has. all of this, according to professor norman, may only bring turmoil and instability to humanity. lucy informs him that it is ignorance, not knowledge, that causes turmoil. the cops and del rio opened fire on james men. her hands turn into a black, gooey material that spreads and attaches themselves to the computers in the room. as her brain function climbs to 70 percent, lucy is hunting for energy and matter. professor norman explains to his colleagues the sludge quickly spreads throughout the entire room. she manipulates matter, wiping everything in the room as her brain capacity climbs to 80 percent in white space. the lecturers now stand as everyone watches. and all lucy develops a next-generation computer. her mental ability has grown to 90 percent. jay fires a rocket launcher at the door as james men are shot by the police. the explosion blows lucy to new york. she discovers that by moving her hands, she can travel back in time. lucy travels from early 20th century new york to colonial times and then all the way back to prehistoric times. jang is standing behind her, aiming his pistol at her head. she reverts to a single cell when her brain achieves 100 capacity. jan shoots his gun at the empty chair, many times, demanding to know where lucy is. del rio arrives and kills jang, the black dude in the room. hands a flash drive to norman to assist him to complete his research. del rio asks where lucy is. a message appears on his phone saying, i am everywhere. lucy's voice is then heard stating, life was given to us a billion years ago. now you know what to do with it the end. don't forget to subscribe and turn on the notification bell if you want to watch more videos like this. if you like this video, don't forget to comment. thanks and see you in soon. 