hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2014 film, Captain America - the Winter Soldier, the second film in the Captain America series. so let's get started. this summary does rely in part that you've seen the previous film. if you'd like to see a summary, check out the link below, as well as check out the other summaries for the other Marvel films. the film takes place two years after the events of the first Avengers film, which, if you haven't seen, check out my summary. Steve Rogers, aka Captain America, is working for the government agency shield under director Nick Fury. Rogers and agent Natasha Romanov, aka Black Widow, are sent to save hostages aboard a shield boat that has been taken over by mercenaries. Rogers discovers that Romanoff has another job, however, to extract data from the ship's computer for fury. Rogers confronts Fury later about this, where fury reveals a plan to build three massive helicarrier's equipped with advanced weaponry and spy devices to try to preemptively destroy any threat through a project known as project insight. fury, however, is unable to decrypt the recovered data and become suspicious of project insight. Fury is later ambushed by a group led by a mysterious assassin known as the Winter Soldier. fury escapes and finds Rogers, telling him that Shield has been compromised. after giving Rogers a flash drive containing some data from the ship, fury is gunned down by the Winter Soldier. Fury later dies in surgery, and Rogers is called into the shield headquarters the next day to try to find out what information he was given. when Rogers refuses to give up the information, however, he is hunted down by a group known as strike. Rogers meets up with Romanoff, and using the flash drive, they discover a secret shield bunker, which has a supercomputer containing the preserved consciousness of dr. Zola, one of hydras leaders from the first film. dr. Zola reveals that Hydra has been slowly infiltrating shield and the world to give up their freedoms for a sense of security, allowing Hydra to become more and more powerful. a missile is fired at the bunker, which Rogers and Romanoff narrowly escaped. and the two realized that Alexander Pierce, shield senior official, is also hydras leader. Rogers in Romanoff enlists the help of Sam Wilson, aka Falcon. the three find out that dr. Zola developed an algorithm to identify who might become a future threat to Hydra, and we use the insight helicarriers and their massive weapon arsenal to eliminate these threats. the group is ambushed by the winter soldier, who Rodgers realizes is actually Bucky Barnes, his friend from the first film. Barnes was captured and experimented on after World War two and became the Winter Soldier. the three are brought to a safe house where Nick Fury is having faked his death for a plan to sabotage the helicarriers by replacing their computer chips. during an important meeting, Rodgers broadcasts hydras secret plans to everyone at the shield headquarters. Romanoff is able to disarm Pierce, and fury forces Pierce to unlock the database so they can expose Hydra to the public. eventually, fury kills Pierce. Rogers and Wilson storm to helicarriers and replace their control chips, but the Winter Soldier destroys Wilson's flight suit and fights with Rogers aboard the third carrier. Rogers is able to put the new controller into the final ship, and shield uses this to have the carriers destroy each other. Rogers refuses to fight the Winter Soldier in order to reach out to his longtime friend. the ship they are aboard crashes into the shield headquarters in Rogers is thrown into a river unconscious. the Winter Soldier rescues Rogers and disappears into the woods, showing Rodgers did reach out to his old friend, Bucky. Rogers and Wilson decide to pursue the Winter Soldier as the film ends, while fury goes to find the remaining Hydra cells in Eastern Europe. there are two additional scenes during the credits. the first shows Hydra leader Baron Strucker finding an energy filled scepter, the one we see Loki used during the Avengers film, as well as two prisoners, one with SuperSpeed and one with telekinetic powers. these two are siblings that we see in the Avengers second film, known as Quicksilver and the Scarlet Witch, who are also magneto as children. the second scene shows the Winter Soldier at a memorial for Bucky Barnes, who the Winter Soldier actually is at the Smithsonian Institute. so that was the spoilers for Captain America to the Winter Soldier. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check us out on our various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 