[Music], uh. [Music]. welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will explain a comedy, thriller genre film about marla grayson, a con artist who likes to steal the wealth of the elderly. after acting for a long time, marla finds a grandmother named jennifer peterson, an easy target. but unfortunately, jennifer was not an ordinary old grandmother. marla began to experience terror after terror. will she be able to get out of the trap of death that keeps stalking her? let's follow the storyline, i care a lot. in netflix original film, the film i care a lot, begins in a nursing home where the elderly live and are cared for by patient nurses. the place looked as pleasant as heaven, but the scene quickly shifts when a man named feldstorm arrives and starts to force his way in to meet his mother. instead of being well received, fieldstone was expelled and not allowed to meet his own biological mother. a commotion ensued between feldstrom and the nursing home staff, until finally feldstrom was repulsed in court. feldstrom couldn't take it anymore and told her that marla grayson had forced her mother to stay in a nursing home when she clearly refused. apart from that, marlo also sold her house, car and all her mother's possessions with the excuse of paying for her stay in the nursing home. in fact, feldstrom was forbidden to meet his own mother. meanwhile, marla's reputation was well known in court. she is even considered an angel who cares for the elderly. marlow also dodged that many elderly people were abandoned by their own children. they are often even left to starve to death. that's why she came and saved feldstrom's mother. on the other hand, she said that the reason for selling his mother's house and all of the property was to pay for all of his mother's needs while in a nursing home. the painful thing is that the judge believes that everything marla has done is right and still gives custody of feldstrom's mother to marla. outside the court, feldstrom was furious and threatened that one day marla would definitely be killed. but marla didn't care of all, and immediately sped away with her lover, fran, back in her office, marla has many employees, and it's clear she runs a profitable business. she has a list of all the elderly who have become victims. that's when marla got a call from james, who is the head of the nursing home. james said that one of the elderly named allen had just died. whereas marlon intended to drain the poor man's fortune for at least a few more years. now, marla knew she had to find a replacement for allen. marla and fran then go to the hospital to meet their friend karen. a doctor by profession, karen is the source that provides the elderly with information if they need care in a nursing home. at that time, karen said that she had one very suitable target and would definitely benefit marla. but this time, because of asking for more bonuses, she even wanted shares if marla were to get this next target. karen provides data on a patient named jennifer peterson, a grandmother who has symptoms of senile dementia and does not have a husband and children or family. a grandmother living alone who wouldn't give marla a hard time like feldstrom did. fran then researched jennifer and found out that the old woman was clearly living alone and retired with a lot of money. she even owns a house in a private car. marla decides that her next target is jennifer peterson. the story continues into the trial, where karen asks if jennifer is old and unable to take care of herself. so karen recommends jennifer be taken to a nursing home. amazingly, without thinking twice, the court judge immediately granted the request. one morning, jennifer was at home enjoying a cup of tea, without her knowing that her life will not be the same again. shortly, marla came in and started explaining that the court had asked her to take care of jennifer because she wouldn't be able to take care of herself. even though jennifer is very sure if she is fine and can still take care of herself, because she was old and didn't understand everything marla said, jennifer finally agreed to go with her. a big wrong decision. jennifer immediately packed up and was taken by fran to a nursing home. but before jennifer could go any further, marla asked for her house keys with the excuse that she would take care of them. jennifer arrived at the nursing home and was greeted by james. they're the nurses, greeted with smiles, as if welcoming a new lump of gold into their home. arriving at the room, marla assured the jennifer would be fine and just enjoy her time in the nursing home. marla asked for jennifer's cell phone, and she quickly took it. now the poor old granny is caught up in marla's dirty game. marla and fran act quickly and start robbing jennifer's house. they immediately vacated her house, took her valuables and sold them. the antiques in the house were auctioned off. meanwhile, back at the nursing home, jennifer was completely dazed by what was going on. she is not allowed to leave the orphanage, even she can't get her cell phone back. even when she rebelled, the doctors would inject her with various drugs and silence her. behind a drawer, marla found a key, the key that will lead her to even greater treasures. so with the key she found, marla came to the bank and started opening jennifer's safe. what she found was astonishing. marla finds a lot of money and jewelry, but in a book, she actually found an envelope containing diamonds, a massive pile of diamonds. obviously, jennifer really is the perfect target that made her rich. meanwhile, at jennifer's house, which is being painted for resale, the yellow taxi approaches. a man named alexi came and looked astonished by what had happened to the house. but when asked by fran, alexi immediately left. on the other side of town, a dwarf man named roman lunav bought some cakes and macarons. it seems that the man is an important person because he has a private driver with a luxury car. it turns out that roman actually went to a parking lot and waited for alexi, who was supposed to come with jennifer. but at that time, alexi came alone. roman seems very angry because he can't meet jennifer. alexie was confused because jennifer's house was suddenly sold, and all the furniture in her house was gone. that's when we are surprised if it turns out that jennifer is not an old woman who lives alone. so while pointing his gun, roman asks alexi to bring his mother to him as soon as possible. the next day, alexi returns to see roman and tells him that his mother was somehow appointed by the court to live in a nursing home. roman is furious of all this, and knows that his lawyer, dean, must do something to get his mother out. dean, roman's lawyer, then came to see marlon and ask jennifer to be released. but it seems marla is not easy to beat. she insisted that she would not let jennifer go for any reason, even though dean has repeatedly warned the jennifer is not an ordinary person and the person assigned him has is powerful and can threaten marla's life. even when dean offers so much cash that it fills a suitcase, marla insists she will keep jennifer. marla then meets with jennifer and asks if she knows dean. but jennifer insisted she didn't want to tell marla who had come looking for her. this clearly made marla furious. she then meets with james and asks james to make jennifer's life miserable in a nursing home. she asked james to reduce her pain medication, feeding her bad food and forcing jennifer to work out harder. not even entertainment anymore for jennifer. marla wanted jennifer to apologize for bothering her. roman then comes to the bank and finds that all of his mother's diamonds have been robbed. and that only made him angrier. dean then brought this matter to court and tried to explain if jennifer was forcibly kidnapped by marla. but dean can say who appointed him as a lawyer because he has to protect roman's identity. dean also couldn't show any evidence that he knew jennifer. this makes dean lose in court, and jennifer remains under the auspices of marla, unable to take his mother by the court. roman finally asked alexi and his two bodyguards to come to the nursing home and forcibly pick up jennifer. alexie admitted that he was interested in nursing homes and wanted to take a look. but because he couldn't find jennifer, he finally electrocuted james body until he passed out. he and his two bodyguards immediately tried to find jennifer's whereabouts. finally, alexi took jennifer out of the nursing home while threatening people with his carrying gun. unfortunately, just about to step out of the main door, alexi was knocked back by marla, who was already on guard. and jennifer was brought back into the nursing home. meanwhile, roman, who was waiting in the car, couldn't do anything because he couldn't be seen in public. after being interrogated by the police, it was finally revealed that alexi was a member of a russian drug dealer under the auspices of roman lunaf. obviously, they are a very dangerous organization. sure enough, an angry roman immediately sent people to the hospital where karen was practicing and killed her. this is an early warning for marla to free his mother from the nursing home. marla and fran know that if their lives are now in danger, they intend to run away. but before leaving it seems that marla still has an idea to hurt jennifer. she then met jennifer and tried to make her angry, until finally jennifer lost control and strangled marla. the cctv footage evidence is strong evidence for marla to throw jennifer into a mental hospital. this time it would be more difficult for jennifer to get out of marla's trap. marla and fran start to move and decide to immediately go abroad with all the money and diamonds they stole. but it turns out that roman acted faster than she imagined. while on her way to her car, marla is shot by an anesthetic injection, and she is easily kidnapped by roman's henchmen. fran, who was in her own house at that time, did not escape death. she must be the next victim. marla was then taken to meet roman, who seemed quite impressed to see marla. marla is indeed a tough person, and she is not afraid, even though roman has threatened her many times. roman even threatens to kill marla's mother, and marley easily replies that she doesn't care about her mother, even though she was threatened with death, marla didn't show any fear at all. marla asks for 10 million dollars if roman wants his mother released. but roman doesn't seem to mind. with one instruction, marla was immediately executed. marla, who was sedated, was then put into a car. she was given liquor. she was then made as if she had an accident because she was drunk. marla's car sped up and pierced through the forest and into a lake. amazingly, marla is a tough woman. she came to her senses just as the car hit the surface of the water. with all her might, she was able to get out of the vehicle, dripping wet. marla arrived at a roadside grocery store and bought some clothes and food. she did not forget to write down the license plate number of the russian drug lord's car in her hand. she was sure that the number would lead her to her revenge in the future. full of worry, marla finally arrived back to her apartment. true to her suspicions, fran was found lying helplessly on the floor. she also managed to get fran out in time before her apartment exploded. now marla and fran are safe. but marla is not someone who is not ambitious. she knew she had to do something to get a revenge. marla still has the stolen diamond. marla and friend then tracked down the car's license plate, which led them to a house. marla settles and manages to get into the garage where the vehicle is lodged. but apparently roman did not live there. it is the chauffeur's private house. now marlon and fran have managed to track down romans whereabouts. disguised, marla manages to get into the parking lot and sabotages his car. roman, who got into the car, did not expect that marla was waiting for him. with one injection, marla managed to kidnap roman, who was now fast asleep. marla and fran took roman into a deserted forest and silenced him. they also put many fluids into his body before stripping him. the two of them left roman alone, helpless. marla and fran then set roman's car on fire to eliminate his tracks. one morning, a man was jogging and found a body lying in the middle of the forest. an ambulance was called and roman was taken. roman begins to regain consciousness in a hospital, helpless. meanwhile, marla was waiting for him there. roman couldn't do anything at all. marla said that if roman was diagnosed with an overdose, and because he was alone, the government would appoint marla as his guardian. now like it or not, roman is under her auspices, and marla can blackmail roman whenever she wants. this time marla proves that, even though she is a woman, she is no less than the most terrible drug lord at once. marlo and roman then talk one afternoon. and marla still wants her original offer of 10 million dollars to free roman, her mother and return the diamond. but now roman saw something different in marla. instead, he offered to cooperate. roman wants to get marla to be a partner in their dirty business. and now marla not only manages a nursing home, but under roman's power, marla can control almost all businesses in the world, and both can be rich. marla took jennifer out of the mental hospital and shared the diamond. marla later became the most successful woman in the world. her business is rampant in various countries. and she often appears on tv to share her success stories. now nothing can match the success of a marla grayson. but is that the end of this story? unfortunately, not that easy. as she came out of her office with fran feldstrom, came back and took her life with one shot to the chest, just like feldstrom had said before, if he swore one day marla would be killed. now the super ambitious con woman has died in the midst of her glory. subscribe for more storyline videos. let's unpack it together. [Music]. you 