[Music], the film begins with bradley fine infiltrating a black tie party with the guidance of susan cooper. he quickly makes it to the head honcho underground and holds him at gunpoint, who reveals himself as theomir boyanov, the father of reina boyanov. he is about to sell a nuclear-bombed terrorist. suddenly finds allergies act up, and he sneezes as he shoots boyanov's father in the head. susan is shocked, but she quickly leads him out as fein escapes on a boat back to the cia. [Music] the next day at cia headquarters, head elaine crocker briefs the agents on the mission at hand. nobody knows where the nuclear bomb is, except reina boyanov. she then sends off fine to boyanov's residence. as cooper is insulted and sent out by agent rick ford. during the mission, finds cameras and tech are acting up at boyanov's residence. cooper tells him to back off, but he goes inside and disarms both guards. boyan often suddenly appears and holds him at gunpoint. to cooper's horror, boyanov shoots fine in the head and exposes all the agents in the cia. the funeral for fine happens, and crocker decides to carry on the mission despite losing fine, after confronting cooper on calling boyanov a [ __ ] in the official report, cooper discovers a list of numbers from fine's spy feed before he got killed. the numbers link them to deluca, a businessman long suspected to be linked to terrorists and who has an office in paris. crocker has no idea who to send until cooper volunteers. to the chagrin of fort after crocker announces cooper as officially on the case, ford quits. crocker then calls cooper in her office and shows her a video from cooper's training days. cooper was the top of her class and was considerably aggressive, but placed herself in a job of analysts to the advice of fine, instead of being an agent. crocker then gives cooper her first identity and sends her off to gather her gadgets and head to france. [Music], upon touching down in paris, cooper is brought not to a grand hotel, but to a cd motel. in her room, she is surprised by ford, who has gone rogue. after telling her a variety of exaggerated stories about his exploits, he tells cooper to stay out of his way and that she will fail. the next day, cooper finds out that the office of deluca was burned down. he knew the cia was coming. she then spots one of his associates on a photo taken by a bystander, and goes to a cafe where she is startled by ford, who once again chastises her and walks away. suddenly, delucas henchman appears and follows four. cooper then follows them as an unidentified woman swaps ford's backpack with an identical one containing a bomb. cooper then chases and warns ford in time for him to throw the bomb into the river without any casualties. but one of deluca's goons snaps a picture of cooper, blowing her cover. cooper chases him to the burn down office and loses him, until he appears behind her and threatens her with a knife. she then takes out her gun and threatens him, at which he laughs, or rather, it is lying on the ground beside her. [Music] cooper, however, successfully fends him off and knocks him off a balcony, whereby he is impaled on the stake. back in her motel room, cooper, who took the camera, sends the footage to cia. they then hear de luca talking about ronaldo, and they figure out that ronaldo was the name of a rolls-royce car, and that it is presently in rome. cooper is then given another identity and flown off to italy. in rome, a spy is sent to drive cooper to intercept ronaldo. cooper then spots deluca going inside the casino. and to go in, she buys herself a nice dress and makes herself up inside the casino, ford once again spots cooper and insults her. cooper then enters the private casino, and upon getting kicked out, she spots a waiter slip poison in a drink, and alerts the customer, who is rayna bullion off in the flesh for her thanks. boyanov takes cooper out to dinner as a thanks for saving her life. [Music] boyanov spots ford, sends her men to kill him, but cooper sends out a morse code message to cut the power of the casino. while the power is out, she creates a diversion to let ford go. upon waking, raina brings penny morgan to her private plane in route to bulgaria, where cooper is poisoned with her drink and knocked out. upon waking, boyanov is confronted by the pilot at gunpoint. cooper quickly subdues him and the other hostiles while getting the plane under control on autopilot. boyanov then holds cooper at gunpoint, saying she knows she is from the cia. cooper then lies and says that she's a bodyguard that her father sent out to protect her. now put the plane on autopilot. [Music] believes her and lets cooper fly them to bulgaria. [Music], and you're wrong. in budapest, nancy surprises her. she was sent to keep an eye on cooper. boyanov then spots them, and after cooper saying that nancy is an assistant bodyguard, an unknown assailant shoots at them, killing boyanov's associate. cooper picks up a pizza delivery scooter and gives chase, while nancy runs with boyanov. upon catching up, cooper is surprised to see that the assailant is none other than the agent karen walker. walker is then suddenly shot in the head by a sniper. while cooper flees back at the hotel, boyanov screams at her two incompetent bodyguards and tells them that her client is meeting her that night at a party. they then hire an additional bodyguard, who is none other than the spy from rome. at the party, cooper spots ford yet again, as well as the woman from paris. she then follows her as nancy attacks musical guest star 50 cent on stage to get arrested and cause a distraction. cooper then follows the woman to a restaurant where they fight, with cooper overpowering her and accidentally launching a knife through her hand. as she arrests her, under the fbi, someone launches a knife in her heart. fine, who faked his death and is now with boyanov. cooper is tied up and locked up with the spy from italy. fine then comes in and tells cooper that his entire plan was to get close to boyanov by faking his death, and that he was actually going to stop her. he tells cooper to hang tight as he leaves. but cooper has had enough. she gets help and frees herself and the spy from italy. as she drives to the estate of deluca. deluca, who doesn't trust fine, tells boyanoff that the deal is off unless fein gets killed. cooper then pops in and gives deluca a deal. she'll allow the deal to happen if fine lives. she then confesses about how shitty the cia was and how she knew that fein would never be hers. deluca accepts cooper's deal. deluca's customer then arrives and gives him his payment, millions of euros worth of diamonds. boyanov then leads everyone to where the nuke is, inside ronaldo. the whole time, yes, it is. deluca then suddenly shoots his customer and holds everyone at gunpoint. ford once again interferes, but accidentally knocks himself out. better and better. thanks for the performance, folks, but sorry reyna. deluca runs while cooper shoots and kills every one of his henchmen with fine, getting shot in the process. cooper then gives chase to deluca, escaping in his helicopter with an awakened four chasing after them. cooper catches on his helicopter while ford grabs her boobs. deluca tries to shake them off, but only succeeds in dropping ford and cooper's shoes. cooper then swings herself inside the helicopter and throws the diamonds and the nuke in the lake below. [Music], oh my god. [Music], an anger. deluca then attempts to kill cooper, but nancy, who is now in a helicopter with the help of 50 cent shoots him with a sniper rifle and kills him. cooper then lands the chopper. her first ever mission is complete. upon landing, ford congratulates her and drives off to sea, which is now a nuke contaminated lake. the spy from italy is actually mi6 and fine ass cooper out on a date. she declines to have a girls night with nancy, and the two walk away as cooper gets a new assignment. 