hi. let me start with this short. I'm gonna be an ally. I thought this was the weirdest thing Pixar has ever done, because they had, like, this lady cooking up a dumpling, and then it literally becomes a child. she starts raising the boy. had this food baby eating dough as if like humans eat skin. he grows up and tries to move out before his momma eats him. I was like, bro. look at the end. it turns out it was actually a metaphor dealing with her real son, who is moving out, and how they had a connection with food. and sometimes your mama just wants to put you back where you came from and not leave. but I'm gonna tell you, as a cartoon my face for the first three minutes of this thing was appalled. but it was good, as Incredibles 2 was also good, in my opinion. and I would give it an ecstatic combo price. as a matter of fact, even say that it's better than the original. get at me while I explain. see, I didn't really grow up with the first one, because when it's a DVD, but also because I was so busy watching Finding Nemo, more than anything else to recap it before I spoil the sequel. I think it's a great movie. I saw it just the other day. you know, it takes place in the 70s, where the original sokovia accords happened, where they signed a thing making sure that all superheroes were eight legal, which could look building a wall for those who can fly. has everyone's noted. it's pretty much the only good version of the Fantastic Four out there. it's very family centric. the score is iconic. and, you know, Holly Hunter only works on the most prestigious superhero movies. coincidence? I think not. mr. Incredibles power, I think, is a white privilege. Elastigirl is our best play. better than me - is fast, vile. it is invisible to boys. and Elastigirl is, she's known for being thick. I know screen rants always whoring her out on their thumbnails right, putting her out there with Lola bunny. but after we watching the first one, this woman straight-up knocks out dudes unconscious with that'll s. as soon as I saw Donny jr. over here, I remembered why I was so happy that he actually becomes the villain in the first because I just really wanted to see his Leno chin get punted hard. but I also love seeing Edna mode again, and noting that she, she was rocking that Jon Snow fitted suit right there. now, even though it took 14 years for the sequel to come out, it literally takes place 14 seconds after the first. they all get in trouble for trying to save the days, and superheroes are still illegal. they're living in a motel as if they're being directed by Shaun Baker. and it isn't until Saul tells them that they better call him that they actually get an opera presented to them where they are able to be superheroes again, as long as they manipulate the public perception of them actually being good. thing is, they want to last, to go to be the face of this new revolution. and mr. incredible is like, brah, I thought this when we took place in the 70s, not 2018. and they're like, set your creatine looking self down. and he becomes mr. mom for the rest of the movie, while his wife is out there in tight spandex leather boots, fighting and making physical contact with men, drinking with a-list. is this, this is a kids movie, I don't think all the messages were heavy-handed, like, I know a lot of people are writing articles about, like, yeah, they cover real Eagles, Equal Rights, common core, jack-jack having special needs, media manipulation. I mean, there's a lot, but that's like a video for another day. I personally like the action sequences with the bad guy. you know, every superhero movies gotta have that train scene, but there's that one where they straight-up Jack. the apartment scene from seven, they're fighting in this, like, light-up cube, like it's Skyfall. there's a scene where violence snorts at the diner, which isn't an action scene, but it was the most painful one of the movie, and I laughed. and everything with jack checking 217 powers, I thought was fantastic. I'm already saving up for that raccoon matchup because I want those front row seats. but when it comes to the twist of the villain being the sister, the wozniak of the two, I know a lot of people aren't really liking her character, but I thought it made sense. you know, Bruce Wayne started dressing like a bat cuz villains killed his parents. well, she's mad at superheroes because her parents dedicated their entire lives advocating for them, and I didn't show up when they needed them. does it seem like this girl saw one too many episodes of black mirror and I was taking it out on technology? yeah, completely. but her brain washing all the superheroes is some Justice League doom slash Tower of Babel stuff. I loved the movie, and I liked that it focused on perceptions and how they can easily be manipulated, how you should always be able to rely on your family and not take each other for granted, and how every country in place has superior beings that should shine because they're better than the rest of us, cuz I guess we're not created equal. Pixar. what the thank you guys for watching this. video. I'm Kirsten. oh, your thoughts? I know some people are split on this. some people don't like it seeing them back-to-back. I like them both. maybe I would choose the second one a little bit more. like I said, I think it's worth the combo price. I think it still delivers. and what it does, I don't I think it's better than other sequels like monsters University and finding Dory, but ash is my opinion. I like the villain. I think Jack Jack and Edna are still like, the standouts. but I'm curious know your thoughts. let me know down below in the comment section. comment like, subscribe and I'll send you a Pizza Planet truck. 