this is your shiny gold shop, two coats guaranteed. shovel your way out. what's up everybody. it's Ryan and Greg, and we're back to talk about Twin Peaks, the return, episode five. but first, make sure to subscribe to gain spot universe so you can stay up-to-date with all of our coverage, including movies, TV, anime, comics and wrestling. this week we're going to go over the main plot lines, followed by some Easter eggs and theories, then we're going to get to your comments. now, grab your gold [ __ ] digging shovel, because we've got a lot to cover. Wow, hey guys. just a little fYI. in the background, they are jackhammering above us and also to the side of us. so you're gonna probably hear a little bit of it at the depth throughout the whole video. we're sorry about that. alright, let's get started with Dale Cooper. mr. jackpot. dougie Cooper, dougie Jones, you know who we're talking about. the coffee from last week that many people thought may be equal turn dougie Dale Cooper will spark something. not exactly. it definitely seems like the coffee had an effect, and that there are other triggers that are also still having effect. somebody mentioned the word agent, and that sort of caught his head too, yep. but we're definitely, he's not, he's not getting pulled out of it anytime soon. I really wanted him to come out of it there at the last, the last fire that I think we all did. and there were also a lot of comments last week saying the exact same thing. it's like, it's, it's driving people crazy that Dale is still like like this. it reminds me of Deadwood season two, like the first four or five episodes, Al Swearengen is bedridden, and it's just reliving, you crazy as a pro knows - or the season finale, the first part, they have set a Tony in a coma, right? it's that classic drive you insane with the main character being completely out of the action. but in any case, we see him at work. he's assured in by like, an intern who gets him on the elevator and gets him some coffee and says, damn good Joe. there's definitely something there. but it wasn't enough. hahaha. damn good Joe. hi doggie. damn Joe. after that, we get him into a sort of a conference meeting, and he sits down. there's a hilarious moment where the person who's coffee he's been drinking gets the but was it the green tea? green tea latte? and finds out that he loves it. it's adorable, and like just some classic Lynch moment. then we get into one of the other business partners, played by Tom Sizemore, talking about a current contract. and during that talk, dougie Dale, mr. Jack pots, seems like a flash of green light on him, and recognizes that he's lying. he's lying. now I'm starting to wonder if these flashes the green light, and we saw like a little portal to the Red Room. I wonder if it's actually something that has to do a subconscious with Dale in there. that's what I was starting to wonder too. like I really felt like at the casino, it seemed like there was help coming from the lodge. and this almost seemed more like it was representing his ability to recognize things. so maybe we were wrong about last time. maybe we were wrong last time about my just helping him, or that exactly that scene with Sizemore, I thought he was got a punch, I'm straight in the face. it was pretty intense. so we get a little bit more of Dougie's day out of the way. he has trouble using an elevator, and at the end of the workday, he finds himself outside with the statue. and before we say anything about that part, I think that's something worth noting, is that when he's dropping off at work at the beginning of the day, Janey says, are you having one of your episodes again? so it kind of gives a little bit justification for everybody at the office not really thinking it was that weird that he was acting the way he was. now, in Episode five, there's finally a lot of plot points that really tied dougie to mr. C Bob Cooper. and one of them is something that I kind of feel like we were wrong about last week, yeah, which was that we really dismissed those hit men that were going after dougie as just the, you know, whoever he owed money to going after him, a big deal. but in this episode, we see that they're actually tied to a higher purpose. we see this with the Hitman actually on the phone with their supervisor, and she looks very disturbing, but they can't find dougie. she's positively freaked death. yes, you can tell when she takes out that blackberry that she does not want to take out that black bear. yeah. and she uses it to dial argent which could be Argentina. and we think it's probably filled Geoffrey she's talking to. yeah, that device that like, receives the transmission in the place that we don't yet know where. it is, Lille, a black box. later find out it's Argentina. but that looks like sort of the same tech that Bob Cooper was using to communicate with who he thought was Phillip Jeffries, yes, in a previous episode. and we see that box again, turned to a little silver ball after Bob Cooper gets on the phone and tells it the cow jumped over the moon. so there's definitely a lot of weird stuff with that scene that's worth looking at, right? yeah. so there's the silver ball. we think that that's a silver ball. it does maybe resemble a little bit this sort of shape we've seen with like, the head on the tree. and what dougie became? these more images there's also a box card in the previous episode where he shows like, you know, this weird creature on the front. also argent, which was typed into the BlackBerry me and silver, yes. so there's maybe something, hmm, no, I don't think I'll call mr. strawberry. I don't think he's taking calls. I know, I think for starters, and I know we were wrong about this in the past, but I think mr. strawberry is a red herring. I think that that's an example of Bob knowing how to manipulate the people that have incarcerated him. I don't think there's a plot point there. yeah, there's a couple other things going on there. he dials a bunch of numbers in. I think basically what we're seeing here is Bob knows how to hack the Justice Department's computers through a bone somehow. and as we pointed out, that leads to the shrinking of the box that may belong to Phillip Jeffries. but there's some other things that go into there's a bunch of screens that normally would show the prison, and they display different things. we have one that's a Cooking Channel. yeah. and I think again, it's another distraction. mm-hmm. and but you also got the cobbler there. she seemed right. and shoes are playing a big theme in this I've always played a big theme in series, but a big theme in this episode too. yes, the last connection that we got between dougie and Bob Cooper was the ring found in the body at Ruth Davenport's apartment. the ring is definitely belonging to dougie Jones. now, through a few other clues, this means that I have to apologize to Greg, because last week I said one of his theories sounded a little crazy. okay, I'm not the only one to make that theory though. there's quite a few out there who also need this theory. it's just now starting to build up. and it looks like it might be real, that that body, in fact, is major bricks. one thing that stopped me from pretty much confirming that body to be major Briggs, though, it was Ernie Hudson saying that these prints have come out 16 times before. 16 hits in what? 25 years? right? 16 times in 25 years, major Briggs as fingerprints have come up, and they have never been positive. so there's still a chance that you're crazy. maybe there's a bunch of bricks doppelgangers out there. Oh, oh my, that's going to give me a headache. okay, now I've got some Easter eggs and theories moving forward. and you spotted a whole bunch of stuff in this episode that even I didn't notice. so what do you got? well, first you got that big, giant ass poster that's behind Doug's boss, bushnell battling bud Mullins. now, that might be a reference to Bushnell Keeler, who is a mentor to David Lynch. he's actually in one of his very first little short film Home Videos he did called sailing with Bushnell Keeler. I thought that was pretty cool. so it's a poster for a fabricated boxer who is actually the actor Don Burton's in front of his own monster. now, when she's real-life. son. Riley is also there as well. he's playing with the band trouble at the Roadhouse. I was interesting too. there's like a departure from ending on the music. instead, we get it about 15 minutes earlier. yeah, I'm really glad I didn't hit pause or stop or anything right there and get up and do something. there's another classic, sort of like film TV prop that appears in this episode as well, the Morley cigarettes. yeah. now, that's in everything. you can probably find it in Breaking Bad married with children. it's everywhere. but nowadays, we really reference that a lot to you x-files, cancer man. mm-hmm. okay. there's one more Easter egg, sort of this week that I'm not totally on board with, but why don't you take it away? it's a stretch, but this one, we're gonna take this one straight from reddit. give credit to the rest the horn for coming up with this one. it is that statue? people think it's David Bowie. I mean, I can see it, but I don't know if this really has anything to do with the plot just yet. but I don't know, what do you guys think in the comments section below, this makes any sense? and where does it go from here? why is it David Bowie? then there is just a little quick Easter Egg is a little reference to, I mean, you could make the case that, you know, agent Jeffries is somebody that Cooper was in contact with. he's got a fixation on the shoes. there's something there. but it could just be a fixation on shoes. I think the sheep's yeah, anything. we've also got some new threads, plotlines starting up this week, beginning with the character Stephen, who has a very bad job interview. you'd never get hired here, and I would never recommend you for any work any place. now you can get up and get your ass out of here. so right off the top, were introduced to this character, Steven, who's pretty much a loser, right? that wasn't even actually a job interview. the guy just brought him in to tell him how terrible his resume was and how he wasn't hiring material. and he told me, get out. knows it. now, we come back to them later when we see Norma for the first time, a returning character from the original Twin Peaks. and he is accompanied by Becky, who is Shelley's daughter. if you don't help her now, she's gonna get a lot harder to help her later. she drops off some supplies for the R&amp;R diner, which we also have seen, finally, for the first time in this new series. then she hits Shelley up for some money and heads out to the car where Steven is we're doing Shelley and Bobbie all over again. and there's also some credence of that, because actually, the first thing that Bobby Briggs talked about when he returned to the series was how there was an overdose at the high school that had something to do with possibly Chinese designer drugs. and we see some drug use in the scene. yeah, it could be coke, but it could be also whatever this designer drug is as well. now, the big thing about Becky is she might be a Laura Palmer remix here. I'm not sure about that, Jessie. I do you think she's gonna be hitting the axe sometime soon? I think there actually might be some credence to that theory, because if you look at some of the things we've already seen in the series, which we talked about before, echo the original series. so, you know, we see that there's like, that Hastings is maybe another Leland Palmer. well, it makes just as much sense that there would be another Laura ball yeah, I don't know. I think it's a red herring. that shot of her, like, with our eyes closed, looking up, and I thought there was gonna be a car accident. and right then in there. I was also expecting a car accident. a lot of people think she's totes mcgoats, but I don't know. I think she's gonna be alive for a little longer. all right, I will fall on favor for this theory for once. now, while there wasn't very much going on with the hawk Lucy and II Truman plotline, the search for the missing thing that the log lady told us about, we did get introduced to one more new character at the Roadhouse, where he needs to a real scumbag. here at the very end, we see him first interact with somebody that we've seen as part of Truman's death at the police department. it's looking more likely - he's a crooked cop at this point, and that could tie very much into the drug plotline as well. yes. [Music]. now, the big thing about this new character is, in the credits, you can see that the name is Richard horn. oh, he is a horn now, he could easily be the son of Ben or Jerry horn. we know that they get around eight and bring that up in the first episode, right? but there's also the possibility that he's the son of Audrey one, which I think is much more likely. okay, so to be fair, though, we don't know if she's still alive. we haven't seen her in this corporeal world. she may be in the black lodge, white lodge. but we do know that sherilyn fenn is going to appear in the series. actually, let me cut in here. if you read the secret history of Twin Peaks, she is very much alive. that's all we know for now. she survived the explosion at the season finale. not only is Audrey probably his mom, I think that his dad is Bob Cooper. oh, yes. oh, that's pretty good. yes. I like that. at some point in the last, like, you know, 25 years, he knocked up Audrey left her, which is why he still has the name Richard Horne. and it's not anything different. and that does bring up one other thing. at the very, very, very beginning of the series, the giant says, Richard and Linda, two birds one stone. and this is our first Richard. we still don't have a Linda yet, not yet. but I became a wind is going to show up very soon. yeah. okay. now we'd like to get to some of your comments from the last couple of videos. and there's a lot of good things that people said. and one of the things that I thought was sort of consistent in the comments that I really like about David Lynch, fans and people watching the series is sort of like talking about how to watch it, how to interpret it and how to read it. and there's some really good comments in here, going back to the scene in Cole's office where he's talking on the red phone with the atomic bomb. the war inator pointed out that there is also a Franz Kafka picture in the background during that scene. and it's actually fairly well documented that David Lynch is a is heavily influenced by Franco. I can't believe I missed that background. that's why I was looking at the whole thing. I didn't call the singing license. one of those things were like, you see a theory, but you're like, thank you. comment section. also, there's something to be said for how to even read, like the twin peak series and Lynch things. so something that Sam Muir said was, Lynch is a genius filmmaker. and I love this new series already. Twin Peaks, fire walk with me and the missing pieces is a must watch for understanding what's happening. that's really an excellent tip. it's also true that you should probably be checking out mark Frost's book. and both of those things seem to have a lot more influence on this than even the second season of the show. yeah, they reference that book a lot more than anything, a second season, really. I'd also like to add that Mulholland Drive seems to be playing a role. we've seen what maybe recurring characters from that universe as well. so definitely, when you have some downtime between episodes, dig into those. with 25 years between the second season and the third season, there's been some sadness to some we are lucky enough to have had already shot scenes for the show, but others didn't make it. that includes David Bowie, Don Davis Frank Silva. and there were a lot of people in the comments expressing grief about that. but another thing that was sort of going on in the comments was questions around like, who could play those characters moving forward? could we recast some of those characters if need be? and there were actually some really cool ideas. one of those happens to be David Bowie's character, Philip Jeffries, who has so far a major plot line going on in the story. so we're wondering if they're going to involve this character in any way other than maybe just having him in a computer or just through voiceover, anything like that. Ashford word says, Tilda Swinton could easily play him. I love that idea. I think Tilda Swinton would be perfect to fill in for Bowie. that would be great. I hope they do it. and my favorite comment goes out to Jax Teru, the Battle of Dale Cooper has begun. in the good, the bad and the Dougy. I love that. it's really good. okay, we've talked on some of the previous videos about lynched and the way he does things. and there's definitely, like these conspicuously slow scenes with long beats between dialogue moments. and all I heard from multiple people, what's going on with dr. Jacoby? that gold spraying painting shovel scene takes forever in a previous episode. now we finally get the payoff shovel. you're way out of the [ __ ] dr. Jacoby has become like an online YouTube conspiracy theorist. it's perfect, right? it totally makes sense. really character yeah, it's easy to read these scenes as kind of like flipping us the bird, especially people like us that are trying to like, focus, I for everybody, and take things apart. but it's also maybe lunch having fun at our expense. there's a big five fingers on a middle finger going on here. maybe there's also a little bit more to that. we see Jerry, and we see the return of Nadine. Nadine is classically crazy. this totally falls in line with Jerry an ad to be watching the show. it's definitely consistent. yes, Nadine could be just glued to it, whereas Jerry is maybe just a little bit more of aloof smoking his pot out in the woods. but I love that it's gold [ __ ] digging shovels only $29.99 plus shipping, except no substitute. get snores. one last thing is, I just want to point out that this, the theme we're getting in this episode was a lot of curiosity killed the cat. you're playing with fire by with a couple characters. first off, we got this girl at the bar. he talks to Richard horn, and if the temptation brings her over, only the sealy. this is not a good idea. this is, this is a really bad idea to go over this guy. and then we get it again with the little kid, who will call one for now. got the one on his shirt. yeah? who goes over and, you know, temptation. you want to play. what? see what's going on over there? only two, you know, should have done that. almost got blown up. yes? okay, those are our theories and ideas around episode 5 of Twin Peaks, the return. let us know what you think in the comments below, and please subscribe, and make sure to keep it here to GameSpot universe. later, guys. till next week. 