once you hit me as hard as you can. hi. I'm Luke Ryan for Joe. Blow calm and welcome to movie endings explain, where we'll be taking a look at some of the more ambiguous and discussed movie endings that have left audiences debating their true meaning long after the credits of role. previously on movie endings explained, we've tackled a number of Christopher Nolan's films, as traditionally, they tend to feature perplexing or thought-provoking endings. from The Dark Knight Rises to inception and even into Stella. there are plenty of ideas and theories to talk about, and we have done in this series. yet there's still more to mine from Christopher Nolan's filmography. if we cast our minds back to 2006, at which point the celebrated master director didn't have quite the reputation he has now. he was renowned, of course, and his previous film, Batman Begins, had gone down very well. but when he released the prestige, it was with significantly less pomp and circumstance. though the film itself is all about that kind of showmanship. the prestige is set in 1890s London, and follows two stage magicians, rubber and Gia, played by Hugh Jackman, and Alfred Borden, played by Christian Bale. in an unfortunate accident that Andrea blames Borden for, his wife, Julia, drowned during a magic trick gone wrong inside a water tank. an gia and Borden splinter apart and form an intense rivalry. board and find success with a trick he calls the transported man, where he enters a cabinet and re-emerges from another on the other side of the stage. in a matter of seconds, we see an Gaea in disguise attend one of Borden shows to see the trick in the flesh. he proclaims it the greatest trick he has ever seen, but can't quite figure out how board and pulled it off. angeas assistant cutter, played by michael caine, insists the key to the trick is using a double but an gia dismisses this as too simple. dreadful magician. no, he's a wonderful magician. he's a dreadful showman. he doesn't know how to dress it up. how how does he do it? use a double? no, no, no, it's too simple. this is a complex solution. you only say that because you don't know the method. it's a double that comes out at the end. it's the only way I've seen him perform the trick three times now, mr. Carter, the prestige is the same man? no, no, the same man comes out of that second cabinet. I promise you, it's the same man. he wears padded gloves sides, is damaged fingers. but if you look closely, it is a key detail to this sequence of the film is that we don't see the reveal of board and re-emerging from the other cabinet, only the reactions of both Andrea and cutter watching from the audience. while an gia is amazed an envious, cutter remains fairly unimpressed. as Olivia angeas assistant pointed out, the Borden that reappeared on the other side of the stage also showed signs of missing two fingers, so it couldn't possibly be a look-alike, as Borden has two missing fingers. still, an gia finds his own double, Gerald root, who looks remarkably like an gia, but is an alcoholic. and difficult to work with. nevertheless, he goes ahead with his new transported man show, but finds that he has to be the one to set up the act with his showmanship skills and spend the payoff of the trick offstage, while Gerald root soaks up all the attention. still not satisfied, an gia travels to meet with Nikola Tesla, played by David Bowie, believing that Tesla had created a machine for Borden to create a double artificially. and so eventually, an gia debuts the real transported man act and clones himself on stage every single night. Borden can't understand how the trick is done, and goes backstage one night to find out. [Music]. angio supposedly drowns in the water tank, while his new clone ends up on the balcony and boardin is framed for angeas murder. the whole movie is framed around this murder, with Borden being in president on trial, and the majority of the story being told in flashback. at the very end of the film, an Gaea comes to meet Borden in prison under the alias of lord caldlow Borden, who is set to be hung for his murder. is disgusted by what angio has done as his cutter, who had mourned over angeas death. Borden then says goodbye to his assistant, Fallon, and is hung to death. cold low or an Gaea, perhaps, is set to destroy the cloning machine when he gets shot by Fallon. or is it Borden? that's right. we both fan. we were both border we don't want to win it into the box. or the one who came back out the trick is where we were swamped. you cut in, you. but I told him it was too simple, too easy. simple my paper. no easy of an easy about two men share my life. so hidden in plain sight was Bolden's key to the transported man trick, his twin brother. they both took turns playing Fallon and committed themselves to a life of secrecy, but also sacrifice. and Gaea dies. and we end the film over a voice over from Qatar that we heard at the beginning of the film. now you're looking for the secret, but you won't find it because, of course, you're not really looking. you don't breathe it to work it out. we want to be thus we end the film on a shot of angeas many dead clones suspended in water tanks, dumped in an empty theater. which is about as symbolic as it gets. but cutters voiceover suggests there's more to the story, right? we knew that angio was cloning himself every night, and in some twisted sick penance for the guilty feels over the death of his wife, was drowning himself every night too. it begs the question, why didn't angio just clone himself once and have his very own double to pull off the same trick than Borden had? why the endless cycle of killing and copying himself? the difference between the two is that Borden was able to make the sacrifice of living both a double life and a half life. an Jia could never do that. when he first clones himself, he has a pistol ready to kill his double. he looks frightened, not capable to even try and talk to his clone. and yet, while he could seemingly never make the sacrifice of living a dual life with one double, he was able to make the sacrifice of killing himself every night. however, the entrapment of Borden to the murder of an Jia is clearly Biodesign. and so perhaps the sole purpose for killing himself every single night was to wait for the right moment when Borden would sneak backstage and to finally exact his ultimate revenge on the man he blames for his wife's death. but back to the final voiceover. did we miss anything? anything that wasn't already laid out by Borden in the final scene between the two rivals? ultimately, I don't think so. and the conclusion of the film is actually fairly clear cuts. yet it does invite you to think that you've missed something, that there is something more, another layer to the mystery that will never be discovered, because it isn't there. the words cutter say are summing up the whole story, almost breaking the fourth wall and speaking to us, the audience, about it. for more context, listen to his opening narration closely. every magic trick consists of three parts, or acts. first part is called the pledge. new magician shows you something ordinary. deck of cards, a bird or may [Music]. the socially subjective, perhaps the option to inspecting to see them. is it true about course, it probably isn't. [Music]. the second act is called the turn. [Music]. the magician takes the ordinary something and makes it do some extraordinary yeah, you're looking for the secret, but you won't find it because your coats. you're not really looking. we don't really want to know. want to be food. but you wouldn't clap yet, because making something disappear isn't enough. you have to bring it back. that's why every magic trick has a third act, the hardest part, the part we call the prestige. so the way I interpret the film and its ending and its message is that the whole movie is the prestige. the three acts of a magic trick, the three acts of a movie. the cloning plot is fantastical smoke and mirrors, while it's vital to the story. of course, the real trick is how Borden pulled off the transported man. when you first view the movie, you likely get so wrapped up in it that your mind wanders from that point, and you become more engaged in the flashy idea of an GA actually cloning himself. and the real skill to the trick that Borden was Fallon and Fallon's was Borden was really hinted at all. along the entire movie is foreshadowing and payoff. in the scene where angio is going through Borden's diary, it reads, we were two young men at the start of a great career, two young men devoted to an illusion, two young men who never intended to hurt anyone. angeas perspective on this, imagines that to be himself and Borden. but really it means Borden and his brother Fallon early on. Borden is on stage during a disappearing and reappearing bird trick. a young boy in the audience is upset by the trick, and Borden tries to come for him. when the boy asks where the birds brother is, meaning the double watch, Borden's telling reaction the boy, seeing through the trick, hits a little bit too close to home. in another scene, Angie, I'm bored and go to see Chung Ling, so a magician who can make a full fish tank disappear on stage. afterwards, they spot him leaving the building, and Borden admires his commitment to the illusion, his total devotion to the Arts. he's pretending to be a [ __ ] Borden respects it for a reason. while an Gia scoffs, he can't fathom the idea of committing to being someone 24/7, and even tells his wife it's unthinkable, which is why he never suspects that that is how warden pulled off his transported man trick. and his utter disbelief that it could be as simple as using a double tricks us into believing that two wardens. wife, Sara, even says that when he tells her he loves her, she can tell sometimes he doesn't mean it, because sometimes he's not himself. his relationship with his wife is peppered with clues and little details throughout the entire film. the reveal at the end that Borden, or even Fallon, went through with hacking off his own two fingers, also to maintain the double illusion, is hinted at when Sarah is redressing his hand and says, I don't understand. how can it be bleeding again, let's go back to the very first line of the movie, spoken by Borden. are you watching closely? the entire movie? four shadows. it's reveal. but what be the fun in it if you've figured it out so soon? as cutter says, you're not really looking for it because you want to be fooled. and I think most of us do. there are quite a few wild theories out there about the prestige that all feel a bit too far-fetched from my personal tastes, but are nevertheless going to be explored by those who find the yearning for something even more from the film. one is that the Tesla cloning machine was never real, and the movie is simply tricking us into believing something so fantastical could be real. that just seems like quite a hollow and unsatisfying idea to me personally, as are most of the theories revolving around the film. the 1995 book, written by British writer Christopher priest, plays a little more differently than its movie adaptation towards the end, I won't break it down fully, but Borden turns off the cloning device halfway through one of angeas performances, and his clone becomes incomplete, a ghostly duplicate. and weak. he becomes terminally ill, and his duplicate seeks revenge by killing Borden. the original Andrea passes away, and his duplicate tries to transport himself into the original angeas body. it's then hinted at in an ambiguous way that some form of an Gaea continued to exist into present-day. I don't know about you, but I think I prefer the movie version. but what did you think of the prestige is ending and reveal? do you think there's more to the picture? something everyone else is missed? let us know in the comment section down below. stay tuned to the Joe Blow videos channel for more original videos like this. and as always, thanks for watching. [Music]. 