Aquaman. since 2018 out on a high note. this has arguably been the best year for comic book movies ever. and the film possesses an ending and post credit scene, which both have a lot to unpack from them. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the movie and the post credits scene, as well as where I think the franchise will go in the future. there will be heavy spoilers, and this is definitely a film that I recommend that everyone sees without having the events in it room for them. so you have been warned. for everyone else, I'm definition. and welcome to the channel where I ruin it so you don't have to. the film opens on Tom curry, a lighthouse keeper that discovers Queen atlanna, washed upon the shore. atlanna fled from Atlantis after she was almost forced to marry a man she didn't love. and her and Tom fall for one another and have a child named Arthur. one day, the forces of Atlantis arrive at the lighthouse and attempt to take out Lana. in while she defeats them, she realizes that Atlantis will forever put her and her family in danger, so returns to the sunken sea. Tom still walks at the end of his lighthouse Jay every day, but she never returns an author grows up and heads out into the world. the rest of the film picks up after the events of Justice League and loosely follows the Justice League new 52 graphic novel, throne of Atlantis, in that Atlantis begins a war with the surface world after a naval attack. and this movie too follows that narrative. similar to that story, Atlantis is now led by ohm, who is revealed to be Aquaman's half-brother. we discover that all that a false flag attack. after hiring Black Manta to steal a submarine earlier in the film, Manta was stopped by Aquaman, and his father was killed during the face off after Aquaman refused to save him. this builds a rivalry between the two and definitely feels a lot of mantas motives. fearing that the war will kill billions, mera returns to the surface in order to get Arthur to return to Atlantis defeat his brother and reclaim the throne. Arthur hate Atlantis, as he learned that his mother was sent to the trench and killed for bearing him. but agrees to return after a tidal wave destroys the town that he lives in. however, when he arrives at the city, Arthur is arrested, and all challenges him to combat in the ring of fire to decide who should be the rightful king. Arthur is defeated pretty easily, as he has never fought under water, whereas all has mastered the art. just before he is killed, Arthur is rescued by Mira, and the two set out to discover the Trident of Adlon, Atlantis's original king. this trident will allow the bearer to control all ocean life, but is hidden away with its location unknown. ohm tasks Manta, who is still angry with the death of his father, were tracking down and killing the two. he grants him Atlantean technology, which Manta upgrades and uses to assault Meera and Arthur. however, they apparently managed to kill Manta and head out to the trench. they are attacked by the monsters that lived there, but managed to escape and make it to the Earth's core. this feels like it's been ripped straight out of the Land Before Time. and the to discover that atlanna is still alive and has been living there all along, Arthur gets the Trident and returns to stop ohm and his army before they can defeat the king of the brine and combine their forces to take on the surface world. in what is the best underwater battle I've ever seen. Arthur user2 tried in to control all of Holmes forces and stops them, defeating all in the process. Arthur is proclaimed the king of Atlantis and spares his brother's life. after atlanna returns and shows all that he is being misguided, Arthur will now bring the two worlds together as one and bridge the gap between the species, saving the world from destroying itself in the process. in the final scene of the film, Tom walks to the end of the pier to be finally greeted by atlanna once more. and the two share a kiss, symbolizing the bonding of the two worlds, in what is one of the best final scenes in a comic book movie since the Dark Knight Rises. the post-credits scene of Aquaman brings back one of the film's main villains, Black Manta. Manta has been rescued by dr. Steven shin after falling tears apparent death. dr. Shin is obsessed with finding Atlantis, and Manta agrees to take him there, which beautifully sets up a sequel. those who are aware of shins backstory in the comic books will know that the doctor was a friend of Tom curry, Aquaman's father. however, it is unclear exactly what direction the cinematic universe will take the character in. in the comics, he's pretty much an ally to Aquaman, but his allegiance with Black Manta in the movie makes it seem that he may be an sorry. Black Manta is, of course, one of Aquaman's greatest films. in the comic books, he's been in several teams, including the Suicide Squad, though I doubt that they will include him in the movie version. Aquaman accidentally killed mantas father at one point, and this sent the villain on a crusade to kill all of Aquaman's close friends and family. it's definitely in aesthetic that I'd love to see them adopt in the films, and I hope that this is the way that the rivalry goes between the two. so what are your thoughts on Aquaman? did you enjoy the film? and what direction do you hope that the DC movie universe will take. now, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of the new spider-man far from home trailer, which will be linked at the end of this video. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 