hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2007 fantasy adventure film, Harry Potter and the order of the Phoenix, the fifth Harry Potter film. so let's get started. the spoiler does require that you've seen the previous film, as you need a spoiler for it, check out the link of the cards. a system opens. Harry White's Dementor is attacking his cousin, and later receives a letter saying he's been expelled from Hogwarts for using magic outside of school. a secret organization known as the order of Phoenix, founded by Dumbledore, is able to get a hearing for Harry. Harry is brought to the orders headquarters, and they inform him that the Ministry of Magic is oblivious to Voldemort's return. Dumbledore attends Harry's hearing in convinces the Minister of Magic, Cornelius fudge, he'll let Harry return to Hogwarts. back at school, they discovered the ministry themselves has appointed a new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor Dolores Umbridge. Harry and Umbridge quash immediately, even forcing Harry to write messages on his own hand, saying, I must not tell lies leaving scars. Umbridge slowly begins to gain control over the school. so Harry, Ron and Hermione begin to form a secret group to train students called Dumbledore's Army. throughout the year, we also see Harry and Cho Chang, his crush from the previous movie, begin to develop romantic feelings for one another. but later this relationship falls apart. Harry has a vision involving an attack on Ron's father, Arthur Weasley. Dumbledore is concerned that Voldemort is using these visions to try to manipulate Harry, so he has Sarah take occupancy classes in order to defend his mind from old mort's influence. meanwhile, Bellatrix Lestrange, a Death Eater and cousin of Sirius Black, escapes a screen with nine other Death Eaters. Umbridge is covered dump those army, and they attempt to rest on the door who escaped. Umbridge becomes new headmistress. harry also learns why Snape paid his, Harry's father, James, so much, due to the fact that James were too cool snake. Harry has a vision of Voldemort torturing serious and the students attempt to use the fireplace and um bridges offers in order to alert the order of the Phoenix. quick note, fireplaces can be used for what is known as a Food Network. losing flu Potter in order to transport from one place to another. Umbridge stops them, however, and Harry is tortured. but hermione tricks Umbridge into going into the Forbidden Forest, where she is attacked and kidnapped by centaurs. Harry, Hermione, Ron Ginny Weasley, Luna Lovegood and Neville Longbottom, all traveled to the Ministry of Magic to save Sirius. they arrive and discover a prophecy that Voldemort is after, about the connection between Voldemort and Harry. they are attacked, however, by Lucius Malfoy and Bellatrix Lestrange. Lucius informs Harry that the visions of Sirius tortures was a trap, and he fell for it. a fight ensues for the prophecy, and the order of Phoenix arrives, including serious husband, Tom Kingsly and mad-eye moody. Bellatrix ends up killing Sirius. and fold more arrives, but so does Dumbledore. a big duel happens between fold more and Dumbledore. and Voldemort attempts to possess Harry, but fails. ministry officials arrived before Voldemort disappears. a miniature fudge is forced to admit Voldemort has returned and resigns and disgrace. as the film winds down, Harry begins to realize the significance of the line from a prophecy, neither can live while the other survives. so that was the spoilers for Harry Potter and the order of the Phoenix. if you have a film you like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 