the nun tells the origin story of the demon Ballack littered throughout the conjuring series, the demonic nun has proven to be a thorn in the side of those who fight for good. and her backstory has remained a mystery until now. throughout this video, I will be discussing the plot of the nun as well as the film's ending. there will be heavy spoilers, so it may be worth skipping this video for now if you want to go in with fresh eyes. with that out the way, I'm definition and high ruin the movie so you don't have to. after the mysterious suicide of a nun had the Carter monastery, priest Father Burke and new practice in nun are sent to investigate. arriving at the monastery, the to discover some unorthodox things about the worshippers there that hint at the fact that all is not what it seems. that you all discovered that the castle was previously owned by a mysterious man named the Duke, and he used that to summon dark forces and open a hole to hell. aware of this, the church intervened and sealed the hole to hell by using a special flask that contained Jesus's blood. however, this hole was reopened after a bombing in World War two, which is why evil forces began to take over the castle. once more, sister Irene investigates. she interacts with nuns throughout the monastery. this triggers a vision that instructs the sister to follow the Virgin Mary in order to find the blood of Christ, which can reseal the hole. the investigators, with the help of a man named Frenchy, go on their quest. however, Irene becomes separated and faces danger at every turn, Ballack stalks and attempts to take over her body in order to leave the confines of the monastery. during an attack, we realized that the other nuns who were inhabited monestary were in fact spirits, put there to draw in the soon-to-be nun to become a host for the demon valley. sister Irene manages to spit the blood of Christ into bollocks face, which he believes kills the demon once and for all. however, this is a guise, and instead, VALIC transfers into Frenchie, as he is a world traveler. this will give the demon free reign over the earth. we learn that he has Ballack inside of him, due to the fact that he has an upside-down cross embedded on the back of his neck, similar to the one that bellick tried to put on Irene earlier in the film. this is a motif of the conjuring franchise, as demons often mark or attempt to mock, those that they seek to control. we then see footage of an exorcism performed by the Warrens in which they inadvertently free the demon from frenchie, or in turn, put it into the mother from the conjuring. they're setting the events that happen in that film. a prequel based around a character that appears later in the series was never going to have a scene in which they were defeated. but even so, the nun still managed to surprise me with his ending. it beautifully ties into the series and highlights just how strong the demon VALIC is. it's a nice twist that doesn't ruin the films that preceded it, as prequels often do. I think the film's definitely worth your time if you're a fan of the series. so what did you think of the non-man? how would you rank it? amongst the rest of the series. and what would you like to see next? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, please like it and subscribe to my channel. I create content like this weekly, and I'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of film. recently I discussed the ending of searching, so make sure you check that video out next, linked at the end of this one. again, thanks very much for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 