welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and he now locked into the channel where we break down all the latest movies, new game releases, TV shows and comic books. with the 3rd episode of Star Wars the Mandalorian, out on Disney Plus, it's time to go back to a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away. throughout this video, we'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the new episodes, overall plot and its ending to discuss what could be happening in the future. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch episode 3 yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for breakdowns like this every day and weekly coverage on the Mandalorian. I have spoken without the way. I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of the Mandalorian. okay, so just a quick catch up on what's been going on so far in the show. the Mandalorian was tasked to travel to a planet and retrieve what is the cutest baby way B in the entire universe. and after a couple of trials and tribulations, mando managed to get the prize and escorted off the planet. but there was something different about this bounty. baby Yoda, as it's being called on the Internet, is strong with the force. and through their journey, mando and the child have bonded with one another. mando himself, who as a child had his life torn away, sees this reflected in the young Ling who soon will have theirs taken to episode three, titled the sin, picks up with mando returning to the client, but it looks like he gains separation anxiety. and the episode very much deals with the character struggling with his duty and protecting the little baby we stand for. baby Yoda. to me, the sin itself refers to the fact that mando, aka Dan Joran, sins in the episode by handing over the innocent character. there's a metaphor for rebirth in the piece that has almost a sort of baptism. and it's during this point that a big change for the character comes, with him returning to right the wrong at the beginning. we'll get into this later, but there's a strong sense at the scene in the episode refers to mandos past in which he lived selfishly, and how his actions have basically led to him committing this one big sin. but yeah, there's a lot going on in this episode that ties directly to the title. the opening kicks off with a hologram come in between Greek kaga and mondo that sees the young baby just getting cuter and cuter. somehow. I love the composition of this shot. and he sort of have an angel and devil almost on the characters shoulders, with the two paths being clearly labeled before him. if last week's episode was a video game side quest, then this one is definitely a Mass Effect, choose-your-own-adventure one. and having these two characters and opposite sides of the screen cements the two paths that Dinge Oren has ahead of him. as mando walks the client, we see jours a little astronaut thing that has the sound of a probe droid coming from it, and of course, the returning door guard from the first episode that bears a striking resemblance to the worn at Jabba's palace. the client seems overjoyed to see the prize brought in, and we learn that he was also behind all of the bounty hunters that mando has come face-to-face with, including IG 11 and the ones that he fought in the desert. he rewards mando with best car steal. but our protagonist once more including what the client plans to do with the child. but we learn that asking questions is against guild rules. this subtly starts the show that mando is turning away from a sense of duty in favour of doing the right thing, which is pretty much the arc that he goes on throughout the episode. mando returns to the blacksmith and passes several others of his kind. the mythos or symbol returns as well. I touched on this last time, but I thought I'd go into more detail here as its returned and has more prominence. for those who don't know, mythos ores were native creatures of Mandalore that completely dominated the planet due to their size. the group that would become known as the Mandalorians wished to gain this planet for themselves, and thus they set out hunting these giant beasts until they were extinct. hence the proud use of their skull as a symbol of the race with the blacksmith. man no commissions to have new armor made. and I feel bad for everyone who's already bought mando Funko pops cuz, yeah, they're already out of date. right now, there's been a couple of complaints online that there's no women in the show, but at least we have the blacksmith, who is clearly a female. we're all about equality on this channel, everyone. let's mention that the best gar Steel has Empire markings on it. and then it was taken during the Great Purge that pretty much wiped out their people. it is possible that this was during order 66. and there is currently online a lot of speculation that the Empire carried out the purge of the Mandalorians alongside the Jedi, one in which they invaded Mandalore, stealing their supplies and resources to be used on their weapons and battleships. we see flashes of this once more, and it further adds to the duality. in this episode, the sin could also be a reference to this purge, in which man no is trying to own by reclaiming the armor for himself. now, in the flashback, man no does come face to face with the super battle droid from the prequel trilogy, which were not on the Empire's side. and they were pretty much all wiped out by order 66. however, we know that Darth Sidious was behind both sides, so this could be how the Empire obtained the rest deal. it's also possible that the Mandalorian purge in order 66 are unrelated. but whatever the case, it's clear that a lot of other Mandalorians looked down on this move. and a fight breaks out between mando and another. mando refers to baby Yoda as an enemy that helped him in a vowel. and the blacksmith asking why an enemy would help him, for me, is the moment that it all fits together in his mind, and he realizes that baby Yoda isn't the bad guy, and instead, the group that ransacked his home, killed his family and took his resources. yeah, yeah, maybe they are also on a side note, we don't know the name of baby ro just yet, so I'm referring to him just as that, but make sure you leave your thoughts and what the name could be. we know it starts with a y, like Yoda. and yeah, also, so maybe, maybe, baby Yolo that done this. this channel gets worse and worse. man no refuses the blacksmith's offer of a mud horn Signet and instead gives him one known as whistling birds, which are a powerful defense against multiple enemies. anyone want a group hug? nope, me neither. after getting his new skin available on Star Wars Battlefront 2 as a microtransaction for $4.99, I'm guessing, mana returns to grieve and asks how many other bounty hunters were given the task of hunting baby Oda? grief replies, all of them, which kind of cements just how badly the client wanted BY reef, wants to party like it's $21.99. but mono just wants to put the job behind him, moving on from all of this. there's word of a nobleman skipping bail on Karnak, but I don't think we will get much beyond this little Easter egg that's a reference to ancient Egypt. maybe mando will team up with him down the line, but yeah, I highly doubt it. what didn't Jordan really wants it now, though is what's going having to the baby. and though he tries to leave a behind sing the knob that the child picked off at the start of the episode brings it all back. he returns to the clients headquarters, and overhears the client telling dr. Pershing that he has to extract the necessary material and then be done with it. now, theory time here. so we know from eagle-eyed viewers that dr. Pershing has the badge of kamino cloners on his uniform. and if you've been keeping up to date with my channel and watched my baby out a video, then you know that this is because I think they are planning to clone the child. personally, I think this cements this theory. and whilst never before has it been possible to replicate force sensitive beings, the extraction could be referring to taking the child's midi-chlorians and replicating them before adding them back into either a clone of baby Yoda or a completely new being. there's also some discussions online that one of the big reasons that Emperor Palpatine manages to return in the rise of Skywalker is because they extract the creatures midi-chlorians and use them to re-energize his life force. but personally, I'm leaning more with this cloning theory, especially due to the uniform that dr. Pershing has when coming face-to-face with the Mandalorian. Pershing says that he was keeping the child protected. and this does tie back to the first episode, in which he did insist that it was brought back alive. personally, I believe that this may be due to the fact that it's easier to clone a living creature over a dead one. and when something with the force dies, the force goes with it. so this could be the thinking behind that. the Klein is clearly keeping Pershing alive though. so should he fail, it will likely be what happens to most people who fail in the Empire. that's right, McConkey. Pershing is probably a prisoner, similar to most scientists in the Empire. and we saw this play a massive part in rogue one, in the creation of the Death Star. so he is unlikely to be operating on kids for the fun of it. mando escapes with a child, and it becomes very much John wick 3, with the character having to get off the planet with organs pointed on him for breaking the code. mando has when fully Rogue rogue one at this point, and the end of the series looks like it's very much going to be centered around him having to protect the child and take out all of those that have a target on his head. mono is not alone though, and similar to John wick, he still has allies, which include his mana brethren earlier, who are probably told morally, Bert would much rather support their own then let the Empire get their way. mono uses all of its arsenal to kill those that come face to face with them. and in my opinion, it's an absolutely amazing action scene that shows just how good stalls can be when it's done correctly. watching the bird group attack, flamethrowers and blasters being used in combat is awesome. and he finally gets back to the races crest, only to be confronted by grief and his gang. with help from his allies, mana, makes it to his ship. and I loved watching them with their jet packs on, blasting the group. and this was pretty much a real version of scenes that played out in my head as a kid with my Bubba Fett and Jango Fett action figures. yeah, I know they're not real Mandalorians yet, but still, it still counts. yet, this is the way I have spoken, an e ship. mondo is confronted by grief, who shoots. but grief survives due to having Mandalorian steel over his heart. and with the help of Ironman, DeLorean, baby odor and the titular character, escaped into space, ending the episode. now, going forward, a thing that episode 4 might either center around mondo going across the galaxy to get baby Yoda a new crib, or it could actually just show a flashback to the purge, and we get a full episode of that. this was clearly happening during the Clone Wars, if not after it, to do the super battle droid. and I would say that this was during one of the major complex I think episode 4, we'll fill in the details of how mondo escaped coming gun to face with a droid like this. and we do know that the Jedi were fighting the droids during his time, so we could see an intervention by one of them to stop the machine before it kills the protagonist. there's rumors online that this could be obi-wan, but personally, I don't know if we're ready to go that a list with it yet. however, there is a massive chance that a Jedi could save him. if nano is saved by a Jedi as well, it will explain why he was so torn on baby Yoda. and though in the last episode he seemed unaware of the force, this may have forced, see what I did there, his mind to recall that those that saved him as a child with Jedi, and now he has to do the same thing for one of their young ones. it's all getting really interesting. and I'm absolutely loving the show at the moment, as this is ticking all the right boxes for me. and Disney are knocking it out of the park with this and fall in order. I'm so hyped for Star Wars, and I can't wait to see what happens next week. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the Mandalorian episode 3 as well. that's what your theories for the future are. make sure you leave them in the comment section below, because I'd love to read them. and if you enjoy this video, please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you stay locked at the channel for breakdowns of every episode as they're released. it's my wife's birthday today as well, and she's letting me stay in to make this video. so yeah, show some love with a like. if you want to watch us discuss more of the series, that make sure you check out our full breakdown of the first two episodes, which would be linked at the end, as we go over everything you need to know about the show, all of the Easter eggs and more. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want something else to watch after this. if you want to come chat to me after the video, that, make sure you follow me on twitter at definition white tea, or head over to my discord server, which would be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be. it's free adjoin, and we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3, part 2 box on blu-ray, which contains Black Panther, infinity war and Game Captain Marvel and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts and the mandalorian in the comments section below. but when it's gonna be chosen on the 15th of December, and the Celt be shipped out from then. Topher gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to Definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 