okay, so homelander is probably the most fascinating character in the boys. the guy always seems like he's one second away from turning someone's rib cage inside out. and the superman parody has a lot going on. but who is he? what are his hopes, his dreams? and why is this intro so bad? well, throughout this video, we're going to be going through the character's entire origin story in both the comics and show, as well as discussing where things in the future could be going with him. because of this, there will be heavy spoilers. so if you don't anything in the series rune, then i recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe for coverage on the show, week by week, and drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into homelander. okay, so as with most of the seven, the entire backstory of homelander is a complete fabrication. according to vault, the character is actually an alien that traveled to earth from a dying planet. and after landing in america, he was raised by his lovely, lovely parents in a small town located on the farm belt. here he learned the difference between right and wrong. and i'm sure, i'm sure i've heard this somewhere before. now, homelander grew up to represent truth, justice and the american way. but in reality, he was just a science experiment created by the corporation so that they could mass market superheroes to the public. in reality, homelander, alongside seven other children, were given massive amounts of compound b in the womb. as we know, this drug was created by the germans during the second world war in order to make the aryan superman a reality. it was during this time that stormfront was created, who, as you know, becomes a big villain in the boys. the scientists behind the chemical fled the country after hitler turned against him. and thus he went to america, taking compound v and stormfront along for the ride. from here, he built ball up until we got the mega corporation that we see in both the show and comic book. now, one of the most interesting things about homelander is that he's actually partly cloned from stormfront. when vault was attempting to create new superpowered beings, he used the dna from all the heroes in order to improve on them. so homelander already had a big chance of turning into a psychopath due to stormfront's nature. however, on top of this, because of his exposure to countless experimental chemicals and his upbringing in the science lab, the character has turned into an absolute egomaniac with poor morals and little empathy for those around him. there was a further clone created from his dna, which we'll get into in just a bit. but overall, the character is very much a science experiment gone wrong. in the show, homelander was raised by jonah vogelbaum, who gave him the name jon jon didn't have a mother figure to grow towards, and thus he became attached to a female doctor. however, he accidentally hugged her too hard, which broke her spine and thus killed her. now as for his powers, homelander is pretty much a parody of superman, and he possesses almost all of the same abilities, but none of his weaknesses. obviously, the character can fly, and he's capable of moving at speeds over mach 3. he also possesses super speed similar to the flash, and is quick enough to kill someone without them even knowing that he was there. the character has superhuman strength, and because of this, he can lift almost anything. he's also completely impervious to damage. and it's difficult to physically harm the character in any real way. whether it's bullets, gas explosions or even a nuke, nothing faces homelander. and because of this, he's probably the most invulnerable out of the seven. he also has superhuman stamina, meaning that he does not tire or feel fatigue due to his muscles producing no lactic acid. he also has extra vision and the massively overused heat vision, which he pretty much uses to handle all of his problems and also to make to make the milk taste even more delicious. now, though he doesn't have a weakness per se, he does have an incredibly fragile ego. in preparing for this video, i watched an interview with anthony starr, who plays the character, and he said that homeland is biggest weakness is pretty much the view that he has of himself. in episode 4 of season 2, we saw how stormfront was able to use social media to completely mess with his mind. i've actually seen the fifth episode already, and not to get too spoilery, but they do something very cool with him, which shows humanity actually do have something that they can use against him, and that is his image. homelander wants to be loved by all, but the more that his crimes are brought to light, the more hated he becomes. and if he's dropped by vaught, then he has nowhere to turn. now if that was to ever be the case, he would obviously go off the leash. and this is where the character black noir comes in. we'll discuss this more in depth towards the end of the video, but noir becomes very important. now in the comics, homelander initially started out by actually wanting to do good. however, the further he caused chaos, and the more he saw that he was part of the system, he just became and decided to enjoy what he could. ford had powerful pr teams that would help to cover up the wrongdoings of the heroes, and he pretty much acted exactly how he wanted to. now the show and series differ in some ways. and in the source material, the character started feeling like he was having blackouts due to being unable to remember certain events that he was seen doing. this eventually led to him believing that he'd impregnated billy butch's wife, and depending on what version you subscribed to, she either died or went into hiding. now in the show, the two had an affair, whereas in the comics, homelander believes that he forced himself on her, but again, the blackouts made him question his memories. either way, this caused a rivalry between butcher and the character. and in both the comic and series, billy was brought in by the cia to take the company and homeland it down. now we don't know the exact direction that the show is going in just yet. however, from the way that things are shaping up, it does seem like they're going to be following the comic arc very loosely, with him slowly turning into a full-blown murderer. in the comics, homelander believed that he was going insane, and this emboldened him to act more aggressively and basically do whatever he wanted to. after he realized that ball would simply use him up and then discard him when the time was right, he decided to form an uprising of superheroes that would take over the world. homelander, in the group, killed those that refused to join. and with the remaining supes, he launched an attack on the white house. this led to the death of the president. and butcher confronted him in the oval office, joined by black noir. it's here that we got the book's big twist and discovered that noir was actually a clone of homelander, who'd been the one carrying out the atrocities early on, dressed as the character. he'd photographed himself, and had sent the easter homelander to gaslight him into believing that he was the one behind the crimes. homelander completely lost it and realized that he'd been used, not only by vote, but also noir as well. he went into a full rage, but noir completely overpowered him and killed the character. the biggest tragedy is that homelander actually could have been a hero, but due to the power that he possessed corrupting him, he ended up going on a darker path, which just rubs salt in the wounds of his final defeat. in the end, butcher killed noir, and was able to do this because homelander had severely weakened him. i guess, i guess it's not the big darth vader turn that a lot of people were expecting. but hey, in the end he was a true hero. no, he wasn't really. and what was? and what was with that breast milk? now, we still don't know what the show will be like, and every day i go back and forth over whether noir will be his clone or not. in all of the promotional material, they stand in a very similar position to one another, perhaps showing that they are indeed duplicates. however, the twist is so well known at this point that it's actually difficult to not stumble across it. and i'm still in two minds over whether it will be dropped this way or not. i think the creative team behind the series are unsure themselves, and for now, they're just leaving things ambiguous so they can decide when they need to. in the comics, homelanders says noir is the person that he's known the longest, whereas in the show, it's maeve. and yeah, there's just tons of differences between the two. and it's probably gonna go in any direction still, though, who knows, ryan may not even be homeland his son. and this would break the character even further. if the one person he actually cared about wasn't even his own anyway, that's pretty much everything you need to know about homelander. and who knows, i might even do an update on this video down the line as we learn more about the show's counterpart. make sure you let me know your thoughts on the character below. and if you want something else to watch, then definitely check out our breakdown of black noir, which is going to be linked at the end. we go over everything that you need to know about the character. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. we're also giving away a free copy of the christopher nolan collection on the 30th of september, and all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and drop a comment below. if you want to support us and get to see content like this early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you could also come chat who's on the discord server linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been definition. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 