[Music]. this guy is so happy. his babysitter is a sexy hottie, leg length, small waist. this value enough to satisfy all men's fantasies. go home from school. this day, cole was caught by the school gangster. xiaohei chuwan, pushed him to the ground. at this time, there was a shout from behind. a sexy figure came over. xiaobeo's face is angry. i saw her lying in chowpng's ear and said a few words. the quilt that scared him was wet in an instant. crazy woman. then he punctured the others beloved bicycle tire, fast flow. a few bear kids were so scared that they pee. after driving them away, the little bridegroom walks to coal with a smile. benned down and picked up the glasses on the floor, seeing cole's hand was injured, and blew gently. good guy. who can stand this? the two drove home, talking and laughing along the way, faced with such an ex-oily substance. who is not confused? not to mention a young man who has just begun to love? cole's mother was out on holiday this day. he and the babysitter are the only ones left at home. cole knows opportunity finally arises. the two play dragons and water together. cole, feast your eyes. then they danced in the living room again, playing with such a beautiful young lady. cole thinks wong is happy about everything. tired of playing, just lie on the sofa together. the little guarantor immediately turned into a confidante, big sister. the two talked from poems and songs to philosophy of life. the little nanny also taught him how to be a big boy. cole's face blushed after being teased. but happy time is always short. he should go to bed and rest three times. the babysitter sees coal reluctantly. so i poured a line of ergoloto and handed it to him, coax him to sleep. but when he turned his head cold, poured the wine. because tonight he has a big plan. it's time to be a man. midnight. cole sneaked out of the house, planned to enter the goddess room. i found out that xiaobao married a bunch of friends. play truth or dare at home. the babysitter lost this round. four need to kiss everyone present. she doesn't have ink nibble. seeing the beloved goddess is so enchanting. cole looked upstairs with blushing ears and mouth and tongue. can't wait to join right away. however, the more powerful ones are still to come. when the babysitter is going to kiss the man with glasses, i don't know where, she pointed out two 40-meter big knives directly on the opponent's forehead. the man with glasses instantly turned into a teletubby, cold, dumbfounded. what's the situation? but this is not over yet. little marriage draws a big knife. the other two people actually took the blackjack glasses to the male plasma. not pay attention the blood shot xiaohe's face. then zaobao took out an ancient book. have words in your mouth. original. sexy. little marriage is actually a cult leader. they are holding a guideship ceremony, according to the book. now, only a tube of boy blood. hear this. cole upstairs got wet in his crotch. whoa, nima. isn't this boy talking about lao soo? good guy. i take you as a goddess. you want to use lao soo as a sacrifice. thought of this. cole ran back to the room without looking back. i picked up the phone and called yao yaoling. at this moment, there was movement from downstairs. ruined. they came up to get blood from the child's hand. cole hurriedly hid under the covers and pretended to be asleep. the little guarantor took out a 40 meter thick needle directly into the tiny arm. to survive, he can only endure the pain, let the other party take away his own boy's sperm and blood. after they leave, cole got up hurriedly, throwing out of the bed as a rope hand and intending to escape. but turned around, the little pawn is standing behind. cole fainted before the attack of hypoglycemia. when he wakes up again, has been tied to a chair by the five-flowered big dimension. he is desperate. is my life going to be explained here? can you satisfy my wish before dying? at this moment, there was the sound of police sirens outside. the cultists are terrified. cole thought he was saved. shout desperately. the muscular man saw a flying kick and kicked coal at the same time. fbl breaks in. muscular man picks up the iron rod in his hand, directly lose an fbl. the other party lost consciousness and shot the blonde girl's fake x fortunately, a thick layer of silicone blocks the bullets. this is how i hugged my life. the scene suddenly became chaotic. the little nanny tries to erase another fbl neck. cole never saw the scene beyond everyone's attention. he hurriedly fled upstairs. xiaohei took the lead, but did not expect accidentally stepped on the remote control car, fell downstairs, just like this. i got the box lunch in a daze. saubau's marriage is frustrated. order his followers to catch the bear child alive. cole is not for food either. after all, douay movies. grew up watching home alone since childhood. he jumped down from the window, come to the garage, find a lighter. there is also a monkey. then climb into the basement, bring in female church members, then light the sky monkey. use a mousetrap to trap the opponent. cole took the opportunity to escape, locked her in the basement. with a huge explosion, cole was blown away, tens of meters away. the female religious also received a box lunch on the spot. this monkey is absolutely made in china. before he catches his breath, the muscular man chased. after hearing the movement, two of you chased me. cola flash dangle each other. then he rushed over. one trick to control the legs. beat a muscular man with a long egg take the opportunity. cole climbed to the tree house. muscular man secretly attacked from behind, seeing cole is going to die, but never expected the board is too thin. muscular man stepping on empty foot. the two fell together, rope and tangled his fat a muscular man becomes a hanged ghost in an instant. cole goes back to the house, planned to make a big hit, but i ran into a blonde girl who was still not dead. blonde girl is very annoyed by the explosion of fake x. she vented all her grievances on coal crisis. a gunshot. the blonde girl's head is gone. it turned out that the babysitter rescued him. cole looked dumbfounded. oh [ __ ] zaobao sees that the matter is so big so the king dropped everyone intend to push a crime on them. he also said that he will live well with cole in the future. but at this time, cole is no longer a child. he no longer trusts the little guarantor. while the other party is not paying attention, cole picked up the cult book, direct ignition. the little nanny will be broken. after seeing this, cole rushed out of the house, circled to the street, stole a neighbor's car, kicked the throttle, firm and brave eyes, rushed into my own home. sister zaobao, the leader of the cult. just like that, was dropped by coal. such a gentle and fierce little guarantor. would you like to leave her to challenge her weakness? this is the end of the video. 