[Music] after intercepting nerve gas being sold the Chechen terrorists in Minsk, IMF agent Ethan Hunt is determined to prove the existence of the syndicate, a criminal consortium the CIA does not believe exists. hunt is captured by the syndicate at a record shop in London, while their leader, a blond man in glasses, kills the IMF agent stationed there. Hunt escapes a torture chamber led by syndicate member Yannick bone, dr. winter, with the help of disavowed mi6 agent and syndicate operative, Ilsa Faust in Washington, DC. CIA director Allen Hundley, an IMF field operations director William Brandt, testified before a Senate committee. the IMF, currently without a secretary in charge, is controversial because of his destructive methods and various misconduct. Hunley succeeds in having the IMF disbanded and absorbed into the CIA. Brandt, knowing Hundley will try to capture hunt, warns him to stay undercover. cut off from the IMF, hunt follows his only lead, the man in the glasses later identified as former mi6 agent Solomon Lane. six months later, hunt still a fugitive living in Paris, luring a CIA team to a decoy safehouse in Havana, and lists former colleague Benji Dunn to attend an opera in Vienna, predicting that an assassination attempt will be made on the Australian Chancellor at the performance, and that Lane will also be there. the two stopped three snipers, including Faust. but the Chancellor is killed by a car bomb, and Lane is still not found. Faust drops hints of lanes plan to a hunt before leaving. Dunn stays with hunt instead of reporting back to the CIA, despite knowing his action amounts to treason. Hunt blamed the Chancellor's death is pursued by the CIA's special Activities Division. Brandt contacts Luther stickell to find hunt before the CIA does Stickle tracks hunt done and Faust to Casablanca, where they acquire a secret file from the secure building. Faust flees with the data, evading both hunt and syndicate members. although hunt kills the pursuing agents. Dunn reveals he copied the data onto a second USB Drive. as stinkle and Brandt catch up to them, Faust returns to London attempts to use the file to quit her mission to infiltrate the syndicate for her mi6 handler at Lee compels her to continue, whilst discreetly wiping her drive. meanwhile, Ethan learns that the data is an encrypted British government red box that requires the Prime Minister's biometrics to unlock it. lanes men abducted and used Dunnan Fauss to blackmail hunt into decrypting the data and delivering it to them hon degrees - the ultimatum. despite protests from Brandt, as part of Hunt's plan, Brandt reveals the location to Hundley at a London charity auction. Hundley, Brandt and athlete take the PM to a secure room to protect him from hunt. Brandt has the PM confirmed the existence of the syndicate, a project proposed by Attlee to perform missions without oversight, effectively making the PM judge, jury and executioner, a zero accountability or. at Lira, Veals himself as hunt in a mask. when the real Atlee arrives, hunt forces him to admit that he began The Syndicate without permission and that he has been covering up its existence after lane hijacked the project. and went rogue, turning the syndicate against him and mi6 with the PM's biometrics, Stickle discovers the file contains access to two point four billion British pounds in various bank accounts, which would allow the syndicate to continue their operations unnoticed. Hunt promptly destroys the data. at the meeting outside the Tower of London, he tells lane he memorized the data and offers himself in exchange for done and Faust. done escapes after the bomb on him is disarmed. while Ethan and Faust are chased through the streets of London by lanes Men. Faust kills vinta in a knife fight, while Ethan confronts Lane and lures him into a sealed, bulletproof glass cell where he is gassed unconscious and taken into custody. Hundley, having witnessed an IMF operations success firsthand, returns with Brad to the Senate committee and convinces them to restore the IMF by covering for Hunt and his team. after the meeting, Brandt congratulate Hundley, who is now the new IMF secretary. [Music] 