hello. welcome back to recap central. today we will be recapping captive state 2019, a sci-fi thriller about aliens invading and controlling chicago. well, let's get started. after a global alien invasion, chicago is placed under martial control. in 2019, aliens ambush the drummond family as they seek to depart the city. the aliens vaporize the parents, but save their two boys, gabriel and rafe. by the year 2027, the earth has bowed to the legislators from outer space, surrendering to their rule. humans have been drafted to construct alien homes known as closed zones, to which only the highest government officials have access. chicago police special branch commander william mulligan, john goodman, who was paired with gabriel's father before the invasion, confronts gabriel drummond, ashton sanders, a resident of the poor pilsen area. gabrielle refuses to provide any information to mulligan, who believes the phoenix resistance organization has not been neutralized, despite popular perceptions to the contrary. gabriel meets with a phoenix member to sell a hand-rolled cigarette containing confidential information obtained from a colleague, his brother, rafe majors, the head of the resistance, meets him in wicker park. rafe snatches the coated cigarette from gabriel and tells him to get the hell out of dodge because phoenix is preparing an attack on the forthcoming unity rally at soldier field. mulligan, who had been watching gabriel, shows up at gabrielle's apartment just as he's about to leave, and he confronts him once again. gabriel manages to elude mulligan by slipping into cover beneath the earth. after deciphering chicago's surveillance code, rafe's team can see where police enforcement is stationed and how many officers are on duty. during the onslaught, rafe and other phoenix members use an unseen alien explosive device against the invaders. they also attack the unity rally. although the attack looks to be a success at first, the city is quickly closed down and overrun by security personnel. in retaliation, the aliens are enraged and send out hunters from another planet to find the offenders, which leads them to reef and his cohorts, anita. when rafe is about to consume cyanide to escape, mulligan shoots and arrests him before he can do anything about it. during a police raid, gabriel comes out of hiding, but he gets arrested. mulligan shows him his brother being tortured for information, and encourages him to send a message through the phoenix network to see the purported ringleader, number one. gabriel is ultimately brought to jane doe, a prostitute who runs a brothel in pilsen, and calls him by name, confounding him. police conduct a raid at the residence and doe is assassinated. doe used a bug in her house to record talks with special branch agents and get sensitive information. according to the inquiry, the tapes indicate that police commissioner eugene aigo kevin dunn disclosed critical information regarding the arrival of the aliens at soldier field, allowing phoenix to prepare their attack strategy. igo reef and a slew of others are exiled, and mulligan is elevated to acting commissioner after proclaiming the chicago threat handled. rafe's scheme failed. and gabriel bemoans it to mulligan privately retrieving from dozebox. mulligan discovers a blackberry phone, which he gives to gabriel, along with the memory card, implying that failure was the plan all along. gabrielle takes a look at what's inside the card, which includes a video of his baby shower and information on jane doe, who worked at the same school as his mother. mulligan was presented to them at the shower by various members of phoenix. and the film concludes with mulligan leaving a message for gabriel, urging him to carry the flame of phoenix. mulligan, on the other hand, has been permitted to speak with the legislators who are hiding underground. there is an unseen material that surrounds him as he falls. this shows him to be an agent of the resistance, and that everything that has happened thus far has been arranged so that he may take out the legislators with one final lethal stroke. during the closing credits, a map shows that the closed zone has been demolished, as well as other resistance strikes and rallies in places throughout the world, implying that the opening exhortation to light a match and ignite a war has driven mankind to overcome their alien rulers. thank you for watching. if you enjoyed the recap, consider subscribing to see more recaps like this. tune in. until next time. 