Story Recapped here. Today I'm going to explain a Mexican horror film called The Day of The Lord. Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care Menendez is a retired priest. After performing an exorcism on a boy who died in his hands, he was imprisoned. Upon his release, numerous security measures are observed. He is in a police vehicle shackled in chains and handcuffs. Additionally, two officers also guard him. They are on the way to his new home. He dreams of Marisa, the mother of the boy who died. In his dream, Marisa is on top of him and gently gives him a kiss. She gets up and asks Menendez to bless her with a child. The speech sounds like seduction at first, but Marisa\xe2\x80\x99s tone changes. She adds that he caused her son\xe2\x80\x99s death and that he brought her little boy to hell. Menendez sees the lifeless body of the boy, all bloody and beaten. He wakes up while breathing shakily after the terrible dream. He gets up and immediately drinks a bottle of whiskey by his bedside table. Menendez now lives in a tumbledown house in seclusion. He struggles daily to hold on to the last remnants of his faith. He receives a call on his telephone from a mysterious caller. But he has a conversation as if they know each other well. He tells the caller that he is fine and starting a new life. All of a sudden, Menendez gets angry about something, but promises the caller that he will hear from him again. He enters a room and opens a box of old newspapers. He sees an article about him being found guilty of killing the boy. It upsets him very much so he closes the box. Before putting the phone down, Menendez promises the caller that he gave up drinking. He enters the kitchen to pour the bottle of liquor into the sink. However, after doing so, he regrets his decision and starts scouring the kitchen for a filled bottle. He finally finds one in a lower compartment. After finding it, he embraces the bottle in happiness and relief. Recently, he relies his sanity solely on liquor. That same day, he hears a heavy knock from his front door. A man outside commands him to open the door. Menendez thinks it through as he is not ready to be in contact with anyone just yet. After some convincing, he finally opens the door for his friend, Sebas, whom he met in prison. They hug each other after not being able to see one another for a significant amount of time. Sebas checks out the new place, and says that he likes it because it is spacious. He shows Menendez a bottle of liquor that he plans on sharing with him to celebrate their reunion. On the table, Menendez refuses to have any, because he abstains from alcohol in order to fix his crippling mental state. Sebas persuades him to have a shot, and even call him \xe2\x80\x9cFather\xe2\x80\x9d. Menendez tells him that he should not refer to him with that name, because he has left the clergy after the tragic exorcism. Sebas used to be an addict, but Menendez helped him back then to get his life back on track. He breaks down in front of him, so Menendez asks him what is wrong. His manner changes completely. Sebas desperately begs for the former priest\xe2\x80\x99s help after revealing that his daughter, Raquel, is possessed by a demon. Menendez is taken aback because the topic triggers him very much. Sebas claims that he has gone to everyone else, from physicians to therapists, but no one has been able to help his daughter. Menendez reminds Sebas that his methods are very particular and might harm his daughter. Knowing that the process could get violent, he asks Sebas if he is truly willing to go through it. He responds by saying that he would rather see Raquel die and go to heaven with the Lord than for her to be alive with the demon. According to Menendez, Raquel may be going through a bad phase, or have bad influences in her life, causing her to act strangely. But Sebas is convinced that she is possessed. One reason is because a cat that was once inseparable with Raquel disappeared one day. He found it buried headless in their garden. A few days after that, he found the cat\xe2\x80\x99s head under Raquel\xe2\x80\x99s bed, in a shoe box. He has no doubts that his daughter did it. He describes seeing sinister- looking eyes in her daughter. Menendez takes the shot of alcohol and agrees to exorcise Raquel. Menendez opens his laptop to search for graphic content on the internet. He contemplates on this, and decides to avoid temptation. Moments later, his doorbell rings; Marisa visits him on a regular basis to check up on him and the place. She offers to clean and do chores for him free of charge. Menendez says that it is unnecessary for her to keep coming and help with daily tasks. Marisa tells him that it pains her to see the former priest lock himself in the house and have lesser will to live as days go by. The more they talk, the more they get intimate with each other. Marisa realizes that what they are doing is wrong, so she walks away to leave. Before she exits, she tells him to move to the guest house so he can have clean clothes and warm food. Left alone, Menendez takes a deep breath as the telephone rings again. He admits to the caller that he has not given up alcohol and that he lied when he said he did. Menendez tells the caller that he knows it is him that sends Marisa to the house every week. Also, he apologizes to the caller for not inviting him to the house. The identity of the caller is unclear, but it seems that he knows a lot about the former priest. Menendez\xe2\x80\x99s bedroom is filled with crosses. He is still plagued by nightmares about the incident. He dreams of Marisa entering his room. She is holding scissors and looks like she is planning to do something brutal. She climbs to the bed to cut off his private parts. As he screams in pain, the figurines disfigure and scream as well. Menendez wakes up with a frightened and disturbed mood. He goes to the bathroom to fix his appearance. A sense of urgency to change makes him get up to clean the entire place. He also prepares the house for Raquel\xe2\x80\x99s visit. Despite the time of not being an active servant of the charge, he still remembers the preparation for routines and rituals. He sprinkles holy water around the house, and prays the rosary in his makeshift chapel. For the first time since his release, he gets out of the house to throw the trash. He hurriedly runs back inside before anyone could see him. After grabbing the bottle of whiskey for him to throw away, he notices another newspaper with him as the headline. It makes him recall memories of seeing Marisa\xe2\x80\x99s son. From that time, his faith was shaken and gradually lost. Menendez is hopeful that saving Raquel will bring him redemption for his failure with Marisa\xe2\x80\x99s son. A couple of minutes later, someone knocks on his door. Sebas arrives with his daughter who he claims to be possessed. Raquel immediately gives Menendez a very menacing look while she listens to heavy metal on her headphones. Sebas introduces them to each other awkwardly. Raquel enters the house and observes the place. She does not seem to have any emotions or reaction toward staying there for days. While she walks around, Menendez apologizes to Sebas for making them come all the way there and wasting their time. Apparently, he is not ready to perform an exorcism just yet. This annoys Sebas because he thought that they already had a concise agreement. They get into an argument, and Menendez claims that he only agreed yesterday because he was drunk. Sebas takes out a knife and points it to his neck. He tells the former priest that he will end his life on the spot if he does not help him cure his daughter. Menendez stops him and says that the things he will have to do to free Raquel will destroy him forever, just as what happened to Marisa\xe2\x80\x99s son. Raquel stares at them blankly, so they both get up and arrive on the decision to forego the exorcism. Sebas tries to embrace Raquel before leaving, but she refuses to be touched. After he leaves, Menendez tries to talk to Raquel about how her father loves her very much. She replies that her father is completely out of his mind. Menendez gives Raquel a quick tour of the house, and shows her the room she will be staying at. He leaves her alone, but before that, he sees Raquel looking at the crucifix. She puts her belongings down to sit by the bed, and finds a bible inside the drawer. She calls one of her friends to plot her escape from the house; a sound from the closet catches her attention so she opens it. She finds someone watching her from a tiny hole, so she screams. Menendez comes to her room to comfort her, but she storms out. He notices that the crucifix has been inverted. She finds that this is the perfect time for her to flee, but the door is locked. She commands Menendez to unlock the door right away, but just shows her the keys tied to his neck. She frantically tells him that if he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t hand her over the keys, she will shout that he is harassing her. Menendez calmly says that it is no use to do that because he does not have neighbors. Out of frustration, Raquel brings out her taser, but she is holding it backwards, causing her to receive the shock. She falls unconscious, so Menendez drags her all the way to the couch. As he lays her down, he removes her jacket and her top. In a very disturbing manner, Menendez sniffs it while she is asleep. Eventually, Raquel wakes up and notices that she isn\xe2\x80\x99t wearing her jacket anymore and that her top slightly shows part of her shoulder. She adjusts her clothing just as Menendez hands her a cup of tea. Now that she is calm and relaxed, Menendez explains to her that the exorcism is for her own good. Sebas loves her very much, that is why he is leaving her in his care. The priest lights up incense in one corner of the room as part of the process. All of a sudden, Menendez strangles her mercilessly while saying that he won\xe2\x80\x99t stop until he takes the devil out of her. She wakes up and realizes that it is just a dream. At this point, she is now ready to have a proper conversation with him. Menendez admits to spying on her from the closet because he overheard her plan to sneak out with her friends. Raquel tries to persuade him that her father is the crazy one. According to her, she goes out a lot and acts weird simply because she is a teenager. While explaining this, she gets more agitated and says obscure words out loud. Menendez kneels in front of her to go into a praying position. The act confuses and silences Raquel, and she starts to calm down. They continue the consultation; Raquel shares that she has a dancing group with her friends and they have hopes of being in a talent show on TV. She gets excited once she starts talking about her passion in dancing, and even offers to dance for Menendez. However, her mood suddenly changes and she calls him a dirty old man when he seems to like the idea. She confronts the priest about her being undressed by him; his eyes widen, and she just laughs at him for seeming guilty. Raquel gets up and goes to the bathroom to smoke. She sees the toilet paper covered in text, but uses it anyway. She pees while smoking, then all of a sudden, the door knob moves uncontrollably. She thinks that it is Menendez, so she shouts at him. Menendez answers from a distance saying that it was not him. Raquel talks to herself and admits that her father may be right about her being crazy. She tries to flush the toilet, but it is stuck. She goes out to look for Menendez. He frightens her as he is standing right by her side. He explains that one of the beams is loose, and he will fix it right away. Menendez acts very weird, given that Raquel is a young woman. That night, Menendez cooks meat and vegetables for Raquel. He initiates a conversation about the cat that her father saw headless. She denies the accusation and tells him that he should not believe her father at all times. She firmly believes that she is not possessed. Menendez says that he knows Raquel can feel the entity inside her, but she is clueless about his remarks. She does not feel anything contrary to what they keep telling her. The strength and inertia to disregard everything and question everything makes it evident. However, Raquel tells him not to lecture her. To lighten the mood, she asks him about his relationships in the past. He replies that he met a girl once and fell in love, but their relationship was different and abrupt. Menendez tries to break her walls by persuading her to open up about her past relationships as well. She is hesitant at first, but she eventually tells a story about dating an older man named Javi. He invited her to a party, but Javi and his friends just made fun of her. She cries in the priest\xe2\x80\x99s arms. After crying, her mood completely changes and she tells Menendez that she will dance for him. Back in the living room, Raquel lets Menendez wear her headphones. She moves some of the furniture so she can move more freely. She starts to dance to upbeat music. The face of Menendez is both puzzled and amazed. As her movements become more extreme, he walks out after saying that it is time for bed. Raquel is now in her room preparing to go to sleep. Suddenly, she hears a knock from Menendez. Raquel tries seduction to see if Menendez is true to his faith. It ends when Menendez knocks her out, takes her to the basement and ties her up. Raquel gains consciousness and gets a sight of Menendez smoking. The clock hits midnight, it is now Sunday\xe2\x80\x94 the day of the Lord which means that he will start the exorcism in a few moments. Raquel is hysterical while trying to persuade Menendez to let her go. She assures him that she won\xe2\x80\x99t say a thing to anyone. He gives no attention to her pleas and sits in front of her instead. He brings out a long electric stick to taunt the demon, but it is unsure if a demon is even there in the first place. He tells her that his working methods are very rough. At this point, Raquel becomes more panic-stricken because she has no idea how to make him believe that she is not possessed. She begs him to let her go, but Menendez is focused on talking to the demon whom he believes is there, but just unresponsive. Because of fear, Raquel pees herself on the chair. Menendez points the electric stick on the wet surface, which electrocutes Raquel. She twitches excessively as she is in great pain. When he begins torturing her to purge her soul of the quiet demonic influence, Raquel shrieks in great pain that her voice even changes. Now, she is a victim of terrible abuse. It leaves a deep impact on Menendez as well, as he fears that this attempt might also result in the death of the person he is trying to save. He goes upstairs to contact Sebas using Raquel\xe2\x80\x99s phone, asking if he could help him with the process. He also uses the telephone to talk to the mysterious caller, who seems to be a divine being. He tells the caller that although the possession is a strong one, Sebas can handle the sight of his daughter being tortured. He also thanks the mysterious caller for listening and giving him words of encouragement. As he prays and prepares himself for the exorcism, Sebas arrives. He seems very nervous about how the outcome will be. Menendez reveals to him that he secretly conducted experiments on her to see if she is possessed by a demon and discovered that a malevolent being is certainly using her as a host. He used a special incense that stinks; Raquel does not notice the smell, which is the first symptom. He also gave her rotten meat, and she ate it without a problem, which is the second symptom. During her naps, she spoke in a strange language and he saw that her body has marks with specific patterns. According to him, he has seen it with his past subjects. Menendez shows pictures of Raquel\xe2\x80\x99s body with demonic marks to her father. Sebas questions him why he took pictures of his daughter\xe2\x80\x99s body without clothes, but he brushes away the topic by saying that they have to check on her. Menendez seems to be the abuser at this point, and conceals it with believing that a demon is taking over Raquel. Both of them prepare to go down the basement. Menendez gives reminders to Sebas about the things that he should and shouldn\xe2\x80\x99t do. He highlights parts of the Bible that Sebas should read during the process. According to him, reading it will drive the demon crazy. He also asked Sebas to bring a mask to cover his identity while they perform the exorcism. They make their way to the basement. Sebas is concealed with a funny-looking mask, so Raquel won\xe2\x80\x99t recognize him. While reading, he also changes his accent so she won\xe2\x80\x99t know it\xe2\x80\x99s him. He reads the passages out loud while Raquel worries about the pain that she will surely undergo. Menendez lays the equipment he will use on a corner. He wears a knuckle ring and approaches Raquel. She commands the demon to leave her body, then punches her the first time. He punches her another time, and wounds start to cover her face. He continues to torture her, but Sebas stops reading. She does not seem possessed. Menendez asks him to continue because if he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t, the demon will take full possession of his daughter. He even slaps him so he could focus and not give in to her pleas. Raquel recognizes her father and calls for him. Sebas continues to read as Menendez removes one of Raquel\xe2\x80\x99s nails. She shrieks in pain while he does the same with the rest of her nails. Raquel\xe2\x80\x99s father is now convinced to release her. He could not stand the sight of her being hurt any longer. Sebas knocks Menendez to the ground and apologizes to his daughter for the pain she has been through. After embracing and letting her go, Raquel\xe2\x80\x99s eyes change to a different color. At this moment, he knew he made a terrible mistake. The demon has played the victim perfectly. She moves in a monstrous manner, and pushes Sebas across the room. Raquel\xe2\x80\x99s possessed body is able to drag the body of the priest across the floor without touching him. She also makes him levitate. On his drop, he passes out. Menendez has a vision of himself, dressed up in clerical attire, and wearing the mask of a plague doctor. His teeth are pulled out one by one, later formed as a rosary. He sees his animated self directly in front of him, so he shouts in complete terror. He wakes up to a crying Raquel on the phone with the police. She reports that she is being tortured and forced to do things against her will. She notices that Menendez is awake, so she approaches him. She touches the priest inappropriately, but he commands her to stop it in the name of the Lord. Raquel continues to tease him, while her voice changes in different tones. Menendez realizes it is also the same demon he dealt with several years ago. The demon that now inhabits Raquel\xe2\x80\x99s body once plagued Marisa and her son. The demon taunts the priest by saying that he failed to save the boy\xe2\x80\x99s soul, and he has ended up in hell with them. Sebas wakes up to find his possessed daughter sitting on his friend\xe2\x80\x99s lap. She puts on a demonic laugh as she approaches her father. She performs a sensual act on him, which disgusts him. Menendez tells him to be strong, but Raquel continues on doing the deed. She gets on top of him and does the deed against his will. Sebas is distraught by this because Raquel is his daughter and the act is highly inappropriate. Menendez is able to untie himself from the chair. He knocks Raquel on the floor while commanding the demon to leave her body. Raquel gets on top of him and breaks his fingers one by one. Seeing what Menendez considers the biggest failure of his life, the demon tortures its old enemy, aware that the former priest hasn\xe2\x80\x99t forgiven himself for it. Sebas manages to knock Raquel out with a fire extinguisher, but Menendez stops him from killing her. They bind her with the chains from the time of the Inquisition. As Menendez explains, the chains contain the suffering of all the possessed souls, which will torment the demon. He starts to set up a flickering light which will keep the demon in place when it leaves the body. Sebas continues to read the holy passages while Menendez punches her tirelessly. After numerous hits, Menendez gets tired but continues to do so. It still pains Sebas to see his daughter that way, but he has no choice. They say the final lines of the passage together and wait for the result. They then complete the exorcism, forcing it to take a physical form for the first time, appearing as Menendez. The demon congratulates him, and he uses a makeshift cross to condemn it. He hallucinates and sees Marisa and Sebas reminding him of his sins. The demon then takes its true form; a big and ugly creature. With the cross, he manages to defeat it. He comes upstairs to reunite with Sebas and Raquel who is now free from the demonic influence. He urges sebas to go as quickly as he can because the cops are about to arrive any minute. He stays behind, all bloody and exhausted. Raquel takes a look at him one last time to express her gratitude for saving her soul. The telephone rings once again; Menendez says that \xe2\x80\x9cit\xe2\x80\x99s done\xe2\x80\x9d and he is now at peace. However, the phone\xe2\x80\x99s cable is severed, meaning that the call might just be in his imagination. Moments after, an entity, which looks like a nun levitates and approaches Menendez in a demonic manner. 