welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and it's time to put a smile on that face with a full plotly breakdown of Joker. I put together this entire story from the script that was leaked last year, as well as some of the newly confirmed details that we have. in a recent interview, Todd Phillips did say that some details had changed from the initial script leak, and there would still be some surprises, but on the whole, things are quite similar. now, all leaks like this should be taken with a pinch of salt. and now we won't be able to confirm if this is right or wrong until we see the movies for ourselves. these line up a lot with trailers and behind-the-scenes footage, so it makes a lot of sense from here on out. its full spoilers ahead. so if you don't want anything about the film potentially room for you, then I highly suggest that you turn off. now, with that all the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into my breakdown of Joker. okay, so the first thing you need to know is that the movie is set in 1981. Gotham, which is when the city is at its lowest point due to a seemingly unending crime wave. in addition to this, there's a garbage strike, which means that Gotham is pretty dirty, both literally and figuratively. and the recent trailer that was released, we did see that there were trash bags pile up in alleyways everywhere. and this seems to line up a lot with what we know so far. the film itself follows the rise of arthur flack, who is initially just a clown for a talent agency. flack has severe mental health issues that include laughing when he's nervous. and because of this, a social worker keeps a close eye on him. black wishes to become a stand-up comic, but due to his nerves, his sets are often ruined, and thus he never really gets anywhere. one day he's assaulted, and his friend tells him to get a gun for protection. Arthur develops a crush on his neighbor, played by ZZ beats, a single mom who works in a bank, and he begins stalking her. she treats him well, out of pity, which he missed, constructs his genuine affection in addition to this, Fleck is a caretaker for his mother, who just so happens to be a former housekeeper of Wayne Manor, the household headed up by Thomas. Wayne is currently in the spotlight because Wayne is running for mayor. those who read Batman earth-1 will remember that in that Thomas was running for mayor against the penguin, and that the character was killed for it, so that the miniature crime boss come elected and control the city. however, this doesn't seem to be popping up here. and the main conflict seems to be between Wayne and the city itself. flex mother is obsessed with the mayoral candidate, and apparently Wayne fired her from working at his property because of this. in the film, Thomas does get elected, and people begin protesting against him for neglecting the poor. black, desperate for money, takes a new job. but after he's mocked in the subway, he cracks slightly and violently kills three Wall Street guys who were also harassing a young woman. and these murders inspire resist movement against Gotham's wealth easily. basically, this film will center around the poor uprising against the rich, similar to The Dark Knight Rises and due to this, Thomas Wayne, who is viewed as the voice of the wealthy, becomes a target. during this time, Arthur's mother has an episode and is taken to Arkham Asylum. and Arthur also discovers his neighbor has a boyfriend, which causes him to have a violent outburst at the bank. she works out, which gets it fired. it's at this point that Arthur tries his hand at stand-up comedy once more, but he completely bombs so badly that the footage of his performance is picked up by Murray Franklin, a TV show host played by Robert De Niro, who completely ridicules the character, making him a national joke. now in the original pot leak, it was stated that police are investigating Arthur for the murders committed earlier, which is when he apparently stumbles across a pretty major revelation in his mother's letters to Thomas Wayne. she claims that they had an affair, and the Arthur is the illegitimate son of Thomas, thus making Bruce Wayne and the Joker related. however, the new details from the plot have stayed that this is, in fact, a lie, orchestrated by Arthur's crazy mother as a last-ditch attempt to get Thomas to pay attention to her. Arthur will, throughout some of the movie, believe that he is, in fact, Bruce's brother. however, when he discovers the truth, he goes completely off the deep end. repressed memories of Arthur's childhood re-emerge, and he remembers that when he was a child, he was abused by his mother's boyfriend, who actually turns out to be his real father. at this point, Arthur goes to Arkham Asylum and kills his mother. and he's also invited on the Maury Franklin show as a guest. Joker appears on the show, shooting Franklin in the head, delivering his speech to rile up Gotham City. he fully embraces the Joker persona during this and from this point onward, is seen in full costume for the rest of the movie. this is, of course, pretty similar to the scene from the Dark Knight Returns, in which Joker kills a chat show host before going on a rampage. and in the film, he goes out murders people who wronged him. throughout the film, however, he spares zzs character now, we had heard rumors that the movie ends with Thomas and Martha Wayne being gunned down. however, the new pot leaks suggests it's after this speech that it happens. this is because Joker sends the city into a riot due to his words, and attackers kill the Wayne's during the uprising. even going to Wayne Manor to kill them directly. is some back and forth on this, however, with some leaks thing that they're gunning down in an alley, while others say that it's at Wayne Manor. and the one that centers around Wayne Manor, Bruce, scared of what's going on, runs out of the mansion and off into the night, which is when he falls into the cave, thus setting up what will happen in the future with the character. he's found by Alfred, and a couple of days later, he heads to their memorial, which is when he encounters Joker. Joker has been on the run for several days, but with police looking over Wayne, they notice him and begin to go after him. the police chase officer who got them, but they finally managed to catch him after he's hit by a taxi. and the movie ends with the character in Arkham Asylum, dancing around his cell maniacally to health. and John's Bennie and the Jets. now, in the new leaks that have been going around, many people have stayed that the film ends rather ambiguously, with there being a hint that Joker might not have even committed the things in the film, and that they may have been all in his imagination, as we did see in the trailer, that he kisses Easybeats character. but this is apparently just a fantasy. this does, however, tie back to the Joker as a character, most notably The Killing Joke, in which the character says, if he going to have a past, why not make him multiple choice? meaning that this could have been his origin story, or perhaps it's something completely different. I'm normally against the Joker getting an origin story, as I do tend to believe that he's a force of nature that shouldn't really have one. so at least there's a nod to that in this, so it doesn't potentially break things that a lot of people love about the seeing it get tens across the board has got me really hyped up for the film, and I think that it could potentially be the best comic book movie of the year. these new leaks get me even more excited, and I can't wait to see what happens in the film next month. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on these leaks. and if you're excited for the movie, make sure you drop them in the comments section below. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you don't forget to check out my video that breaks down the leak first look at Marvel's new animated series. what if I go over everything that you need to know about the brand new images? so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more. if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. well, suggest one. let you know that we're giving away a free copy of John week three on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Joker in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random on September the 10th, and the blue arrow be shipped out from then whoever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone he takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 