[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in the ninth puppetmaster film, axis of evil, let's get to it. we opened a bodega bay familiar in well Trent territory. we find a young Woodsmith cleaning a plank and gently sanding, making that grain pop as he constructs the perfect chair. we find out the chairs have to be ready for a party tomorrow, which seems an unlikely goal at this pace. Danny is getting hit hard with the melancholy as he listens to the sounds of the party upstairs. through the conversation between Danny and sung Colby, come to find out that he had polio, preventing him from enlisting into otherwise participating in fun times. his uncle encourages him to explore his gift of wood craft, but Danny just wants to kill. when he shows an enthusiasm for tool ins puppetry, uncle suggests he tried to get a job assisting him. when he goes to pursue this, we come to fear that we've been tricked into another clip movie. but they're actually just Forrest Gump. and Annie into the background of the original storyline. he immediately runs to the secret hiding spot and snags some free toys. then he returns home to his mother's Chinatown apartment, where he and his older brother catch up and bond over which nationalities they'd like to kill the most. while the brothers engage in shenanigans and knots. the assassins meet up with their Japanese contact, who's hiding in a Kabuki opera house in the middle of Chinatown. they find out their fellow Nazi contact proved untrustworthy and was killed. although hesitant, they all agree to a temporary truce. we cut back to Danny so engrossed in giving his puppets a delicate sponge bath that he forgets about his date with Beth, his best gal. he arrives at the bomb factory right at the end of her break. the boss, mr. Gifford, comes out and gives him hell for having polio and not sneaking his way onto the front lines, the exact thing danny already hates himself for now. wallowing in his self-loathing, he goes home and lets out his frustration in front of his puppets, giving the trunk a good kick, revealing the formula and a new puppet. he immediately puts two and two together and starts injecting some puppets, getting the animation underway. excited by his new discovery, he arrives back at Beth's job just in time to witness himself getting cuckolded by a man named Ben, but whom Danny recognizes as a Nazi assassin. he tries to warn Beth, but can't overcome her in credulity. besides, he's not from Germany fillies from Burbank, for heaven's sake. that is silly. Danny leaves in a huff, determined to prove Ben's loyalty to the Fuhrer, and files him to the Opera House where his suspicions are confirmed. luckily, for the sake of demonstration, the group is having a meeting around a table on the stage that is lit for a performance. they're poring over some schematics of a plan to blow up the factory where Beth works. as they work on this, blade and pinhead sneak up. they've almost finalized their plane when pinhead yoinks a piece of the blueprint, and blade creates a diversion by sticking a Nazi in the calf. despite this, the bad guys mostly stand and watch as Danny picks them up and flees safe at home. Danny's unwinding from the excitement when Don wakes up winded for reasons likely best left unstated. now, Wow, that sandwich, though, is great. they have an interaction in which Don plays drunk like an absolute mad lad. this puts the idea in Deena's head that's stopping this terrorist group is his opportunity to contribute to the war effort. the next day, he tells Beth the whole deal. she doesn't believe in that first, but he reveals the puppets to err are they while he's on a reconnaissance mission. the Nazis have already contacted his prior employers, who are fast and loose with the concept of privacy, and hand out his home address. when his mom answers a knock at the door, they immediately shoot her. Danny gets home and finds the carnage. his brothers momentarily alive, so they share a good cry. and when he expires, Danny gives his bro the juice and animates the final puppet before setting out the same Beth, Danny arrives at the lair and sets to work, taking out the first guard with a leech. and then the ninja, Shahrukh ins this guard in the process of saving Beth. as they engage in a showdown, Danny's wandering eye gets his brother stabbed, and they continue with their double crosses and explanations on stage. he manages to get a second wind and stabs man in the butt, which must have deeply perforated his colon, because he ends up dying in the confusion. no Zuki manages to make off with the bomb, setting up a sequel, of which there are two more in the series, with another completely new release in 2018. unfortunately, most box that's only included the first nine. so this is where we're gonna leave the series. but don't worry, we'll have some more Dahl action next week before starting in on an entirely new series. so come back and check it out. I hope you enjoyed the video, and thanks for watching. 