so we all knew that this was going to be a huge episode, and we saw a lot of [ __ ] go down in today's episode. but of course, the main talking point is gonna be canon killing detective howard before he even finds out that he's his real father. this involved unix jacket, which we're gonna break down later on in this video. and also, i have seen the episode 10 trailer, but bear in mind, this recoup will just talk about the events from this episode itself, and not the trailer for episode 10, because i don't want to spoil anything for those who don't want to know what happens in episode 10's trailer. but if you do, then i will be talking about this in my second video recap, which i'm going to upload later on this evening. but there was also going to be revenge on the cards this week, and that's exactly what we saw with marvin's rampage and marvin's rage with juke. this is something i expected to see, but this scene was something it was filled with raw emotion, heartbreak and a lot of hurt and anger. but we're gonna get to this as well. but as expected, lou does survive the fire, and the attack, but he's gonna be out for a while. but we're gonna break down all things in episode nine in this review and recap. but of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscribe button if you don't see everything power book three and power universe related. let's start with the episode started, which is two days after the events which unfolded in episode 8, and that's with marvin's rampage. because even though he was kicked out by the family business by racking episode 8, there was no way he was going to let ud get away with hitting his brother lou marvin, along with little rob, roll upon unique and jerome, by the looks of it. now this is the first time we've seen jerome, whose unique son, which was mentioned in the very first episode. we didn't know how old he was or whether we'd see his son. but marvin gave zero [ __ ]. and he didn't care who was standing in his way. he was out for blood, and he was out for unique's blood. but he missed again. and as expected, he drops a body or two in the process. we all knew little rob had to go as well. he was on my death predictions for this episode or next week, because he snitched on kanan, and that's one thing you don't do in the world of power. so unfortunately for little rob, he had to go. but just sticking with this whole situation with marvin and rack, we saw them at the chapel in the hospital where raqqa said that she was asking for forgiveness for what she was about to do, and that was having kane and kill howard. but we're going to come to that in just a moment. but raquel told marvin that if you take a shot at unique, you better not miss. and marvin got some [ __ ] off his chest in this conversation. he told her that she stepped in and took over because she's better than he is. she sees what he can't see and thinks what he can't think. but he still deserves respect. and i definitely agree, he does deserve respect. marvin had praised both rack and lou when they were younger. and rack tells him that she can't do this without him. she needs him. and she also needed duke and kanan in this episode as well. but before this happened, while marvin was trying to get revenge for lou. we need tried to finish the job that he started with the help of someone from the inside. two of unique's men got access and walked straight into lou's room, or what used to be his room, because luckily for rock and loo, detective howard still smokes, and he saw what was about to happen. but this is where howard told raquel, i'm gonna get a warrant for kanan if i don't speak to him. and as the older king his narration told us, there's nothing more dangerous than someone who's desperate and someone who has nothing left to lose. and he had this written all over his face. and at this moment, raquel knew that detective howard had to go. but then we cut to jukebox at nicole's grave. and jukebox was a key chess move in raqqa's plan. i'm sure most of you caught it, but we're going to play out exactly what she did. but coming to jukebox and opening up to her about her past, about who she is, how she was madly in love with a girl named megan back in high school, and how her older brother died, and she felt as if it was her duty to become a cop, because that's what her brother's plan was. this told duke and rak that this is a cop that likes juke and someone who duke could turn to and someone that would listen to duke. and of course, we were going to see duke tell raquel all about how berk was approaching her and questioning her. jew told her about how detective burke stepped to her. and she knows that kanan is behind the bad crack on the streets. and she thought there was a connection between the death of d whiz and book 20. duke told her about how bert came to her before, and she never said [ __ ]. but rak told duke in this conversation how sometimes police are good friends to have. and she's right. sometimes it is very beneficial to have law enforcement on your side, just like our ghost had with angela, where she got ghost out of many sticky situations and even started to work with tasha at 1.2 to help tariq. we even saw harmony used a relationship with ramirez to get more protection. and he was someone who got k9 out of a sticky situation as well. and this is why soul is good to have someone on the inside, someone who's on your side. and this is what rap was teaching duke. but more importantly, duke was a huge chess move by raquel. she put the wheels in motion with feeding the information to back through jukebox, with duke telling berg that unique was planning to hit the cops who hit unique's rehab, and that was detective howard. and now that detective howard is dead, of course, duke's story to berk lines up. the jacket and the gun will also line up. and this is our rap plan to frame howard's death on unique. and we are definitely going to talk about rack having kane and kill howard. but we have to talk about this scene first. this was actually something i brought up in my previous predictions video yesterday, but i said we might even see this confrontation between marvin and jukebox. and this picture gave it away to me. marvin is known for snooping around jukebox's [ __ ], just like we saw him doing before in episode three. and this is what led him to find the pictures of nicole and juke and the videotape of nicole and duke singing, which, of course, was going to find its way back to marvin. and in typical marvin range, he smashes [ __ ] up, and he actually tears apart jukebox's room and then confronts her about her sexuality. he even shows no remorse, even when jukebox tells him that nicole's now dead. she tells jukebox that she got what she deserved. but jukebox isn't someone who backs down from a fight. we've even saw how she confronted situations head on before in episode 3. and this is where we see duke spit directly in marvin's face, which leads to marvin's slapping jew and stepping on the tape of harry nicoles, which only provokes jukebox even more. now i knew there was going to be a confrontation sooner or later between these two characters, but this is something i did not expect when i was watching this. it was very reminiscent of the scene where tommy strangled holly to death. but this scene tells us a lot about these two characters. one it gives us another piece of the puzzle as to why jukebox was so savage in power she suffered a lot, and even at the hands of her own father. and two, this explains why we're gonna see marvin having a therapist in the second season, where he's gonna try and control his anger a lot more with this therapist, renee. but we're going to dive deeper into this scene and this relationship between marvin and juke in the coming week. so let's talk about raqqa's plan to kill howard. and initially, this was actually supposed to be lulu killing howard instead of kanan, because we all remember harak made the phone call to lu telling him to buy the rob and this is the plan that she had with unique's jacket. but after the conversation that iraq had with detective howard at the hospital, she knew that he had to go. she already made her mind up. and as ken came into the hospital, he told raquel, i wanna help, i wanna help you. i wanna help uncle lou. just let me know what i gotta do. and we saw marvin pulling our gun for kanan as they were cleaning the guns and scraping the serial numbers off the guns as well. and just another little easter egg for you guys, which some of you may have caught, marvin told kanan, you're king of stock. don't [ __ ] it up. and we all know where we've heard this before. it's something i've spoken about before with how jukebox used to tell kanan to not [ __ ] it up. but kanan goes to raquel, who's helping him aim, making sure he's ready. this is also where she mentioned how tech nines are always jamming up and you can never aim right with them, which is why we saw lou miss with warrell a few episodes ago. but rak told kane and here, when you put someone down, you better make sure they stay down. she told him, you hit them twice where their heart beats and once where they used to think. but raka never wanted to bring kanan into this game. even in the very first episode, when they were out in the beach, booking of shots and looking about the stars, she never wanted to have this conversation that she was just about to have with him. she told kanan that i'm gonna ask you to walk up to a man, look him in the eye and put him on his back for good. and she was asking him to kill a man because the man on the other end was someone who was trying to take everything from them. and she even referenced him to shooting bug 20. she said that this isn't some [ __ ] when you're running on the corner and spraying some fool. this is up close. this is personal, and it's got to be you that pulls the trigger. now does this sound familiar? let's rewind it back to power and the hallucination that tariq had, something we spoke about earlier on in the week. kanan told to read the exact same thing in his hallucinations, that it's going to be him who pulls the trigger. why? because ghosts would never see it coming from tariq. and the same could be said about this scenario. raquel told kanan that she runs through his veins, and he was in this [ __ ] before he was even in it. something that unique told her in the very first episode, the rack told kanan that he needs to pull the trigger and save her. so let's talk about kanan pulling the trigger on detective howard, putting on unique's jacket just before he pulls the trigger. because when he did this will make sure that there's gsr that is on unique's jacket. but kanan walks into the courtyard and he sees the man that he's about to put down, and that's detective howard. he walks right up to him, with howard telling him that he spent his whole day thinking about what he was going to say and how he was going to say it. but before he even got a chance to say anything else, kanan does exactly what racquet tells him to do. he hits him in the heart and in the head. and kanan kills detective howard before he even gets a chance to tell him that he's his real father. and it does make sense as to why kanan, in season five, told us that he never knew his real father in a conversation with tommy, because he didn't. and i don't think caiden would ever find out that howard was his real father. but another throwback to power was in the older kingdom's narration, he tells us that he calls his best friend to deal with the body. and that's the throwback to season three, episode three, when duke said that she was his first call when kanan dropped his first body. but this is something we're gonna dive deeper on in my part two of my recap later on this evening with some of your comments. but elsewhere in this episode, we saw raquel breaking up with symphony because what means more to her is family. and she took a ride off her family. but symphony does care. just before he left, he told rak to tell marvin that tony can't be trusted. we also saw raka's mom in church, and this was while kanan was killing detective howard. nicole's mom said that she was going to try and take justice into her own hands, and we know that's not going to end well for her. and we also see lou waking up in hospital with nobody else by his side, apart from jessica, because they were at war rack finishing what they started in episode 8. but that was episode 9, and again, one of the best episodes of the season so far, with kanan killing detective howard his own father, just like tariq did, and that's why he saw tarikan himself. so drop all your comments down below in the comment section, because i'm going to be back with part 2 of my recap later on this evening, where we'll talk about what we saw in episode 10's trailer. so drop all your thoughts down below on marvin and jukebox, caden and detective howard and some of the power easter eggs that we saw during this episode. but of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscribe button and have the notification bell turned on, so when i drop my second video this evening, you're the first to get it. but as always, thank you guys for watching, and i'll see you next time. 