welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and with Dracula now dropping on Netflix, it's time to break down everything that you need to know about the limited series. after the show premiered on the BBC earlier in the week, it's had the Internet in an uproar. and throughout this video, we'll be discussing the overall plot, the meaning of its final few scenes and the Easter eggs that you may have missed. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch Dracula yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of Dracula. okay, so Dracula initially starts out as a rough adaptation of the Bram Stoker source material, before it veers off massively towards the end. initially, we are introduced to Jonathan Harker in 1897, who recounts his time at Dracula's castle. the two sisters. these two sisters become key figures in the first entry, and it's revealed that one of them is Jonathan's fiancee, and that the other is van Helsing. the former has been brought in because Jonathan has pretty much had his memory and life force strain from him. though he is able to discuss his time with Dracula in great detail. van Helsing, on the other hand, has completely lost her faith. however, after hearing the tale that Jonathan provides, she slowly begins to recapture it. and we watch as this transforms a belief system throughout the show. in the beginning though, we follow Jonathan as he arrives at the castle where he is met by a very frail and weak old Dracula. however, throughout the first episode, Dracula, Benjamin, buttons his way back to the prime of his life, whilst Jonathan deteriorates rapidly. from the off, the show uses its own unique style that updates the classic legend massively. in addition to this, there is, of course, the gender switch with van Helsing, as well as hints that Dracula may be bisexual. now this sent some corners of the internet into an uproar. however, Steven Moffat, who helped develop the show, stated that Dracula isn't bisexual. he's bi homicidal. the writer later went on to say, he's killing them, not dating them. he's not actually having sex with anyone. he's drinking their blood. the way that I looked at it is that when humans eat meat, we don't really care about the gender that we're consuming. if you stray, you don't care whether your steak is a male or a female. and this is murdered. and Dracula, who consumes without prejudice. Dracula is able to take on the intellect of those he consumes. and he picks up Jonathan's English skills while straining him. he can take a person's memories and intimate details about their life. and thus he gains more knowledge the more that he feasts. later in the show, he refers to this as downloading. this also adds motive for why he wishes to travel to England, as he views the population is sophisticated, and thinks that this will refine his tastes, though he probably hasn't met me. angle what an idiot. it's a really unique take on one of our civilizations oldest villains. and in this first episode of Dracula really caught my attention Jonathan discovers a message carved into a window one night that says, help me. and he begins searching for the lost soul. the castle itself is an inescapable forest full of twists and turns. and as he delves deeper into it, he discovers more of what is going on beneath the surface. the place is littered with the undead, and, as Dracula calls it, his Brides, who he is trying to use to reproduce this is a slight differentiation from the original work, as in that gypsies took refuge in the castle. haka is eventually bitten by one of his Brides, and Dracula takes him to the high point of his home, breaking his neck and seemingly killing him. however, the character reanimates, and with the help of a cross, he's able to escape the castle. this is how he made it to the Covenant to tell his story. and yet, it kind of fills in all of the gaps. we realize that he's been brainwashed by Dracula, and that the initial account he provided to the nuns were just ramblings of how he worshiped the count. Jonathan's fiancee me now reveals herself. and similar to the book, we discovered that she's travelled over from England. there's a little sherlock easter egg dropped here when sister Agatha reveals that she used a detective acquaintance in London to help find Mina. for those who don't know, the team behind this also created the BBC version of the show. so, yeah, it's a nice little callback. it's also a moment where Jonathan reads a letter from his Yonsei, Mina, who jokingly says that in his absence, she might have an affair with a barmaid from the Rose and Crown. during the Doctor Who Christmas special, the snowmen companion, Clara Oswald, worked at a bar known as the Rose and Crown. and this is a clear title Moffat, who also wrote that episode. before they get a happy reunion, though, bats attacking by Mina. and after this leaves Jonathan craving blood, he decides to commit suicide in order to save her. outside the convent, and lurking black dog prowls the premises, and this is revealed to be Dracula. I loved watching him rip his way out of the creature. and it's one of the most terrifying transformations that have seen in a long, long time. as Dracula is a vampire, he cannot enter the convent without being invited in. I get the teases him with her blood, and it's from consuming this that Dracula is able to see her memory, and he discovers that her true identity is van Helsing. left with little options, Dracula goes to Jonathan, who he learn is not actually dead, because the undead cannot commit suicide. in exchange for an invitation in, he promises to kill a character, which he does, taking his skin as a costume in the process. now this is a massive change up from the original work, as in that Jonathan ended up surviving till the end. when Mina arrived at the convent, she nursed him back to health, and the two ended up marrying as well as having a family together. Dracula ravages the convent and finds Mina and Van Helsing using sacramental bread as a barrier. this hammers home that mentally, Dracula is still bound by the legends that surround him. we learn that due to his feeding on peasants, who were god-fearing at the time, that he has developed a hate of the cross and slowly his own mental state as what's caused him to believe that he has weaknesses that fit the typical vampire archetypes. we'll get into this more at the end of the video, but a massively placed into the recruiter ization of Dracula and wise the way that he is using Jonathan's skin. Dracula tricks Mina into inviting him into their circle. we learned that van Helsing sacrifices herself in order to free Mina. and Dracula catcher ser is an awesome call back to the Christopher Lee depiction, with a look of the character being almost identical. and we learned that meaner later went on to create the Jonathan Hawker foundation that ret diseases throughout the world. similar to the first episode, the second entry opens with van Helsing questioning a character, however, this time it's Dracula, and he recounts his journey to Whitby in England. though it seems like she may have outsmarted the character last time, it is revealed that he put her into a deep trance, that he's been using her body almost as a milking cow and slowly feeding upon her. it's creepy as hell, and a definitely thing that out of the three episodes, this one is probably the high point. Dracula begins making his way to England aboard an ill-fated ship known as the Demeter. though this entry is a lot simpler plot wise in the prior episode, it still packs a punch. and it's where we really get to know the titular character. as the boat makes its way to England, Dracula begins picking off the crew one by one, slowly, making them all paranoid that they'll be next and that there's no one on board that they can trust. I actually got a lot of vibes of John Carpenter's 1982 film the thing, however, at this time it's from the perspective of the monster. we learned that Dracula intentionally hand-picked all of the travelers. and he begins hunting them. he improves his German, creates a fog around the boat and manipulates the people onboard into turning on one another. however, after they discover sister Agatha, and almost hanger, she proves that it is, in fact, Dracula behind it all. there's also a nice little Easter egg here, as Agatha is located inside room number nine. Mark Gatiss, one of the Dracula TV show creators, worked with Steve Pemberton and reshare Smith on the hilarious show the League of Gentlemen. Pemberton and cher Smith themselves created a show called inside number nine. and it is possible that this is a reference to his partners work. together, they form one last attempt to take Dracula down, and he's seemingly defeated. but we later learn that he remained on the ship, hiding out on a bed that possessed soil from his native land. and a last-ditch attempt to stop him, Agatha decides to destroy the ship, and with the help of the captain, they manage to sink it just off the coast of England. Dracula's coffin sinks at the bottom of the ocean, and we learn that he remained in a coma restorative state that allowed him to lay at the bottom of the ocean for a century. he was discovered by members of the Jonathan Harker Foundation, and they accidentally fed him, which ended up reviving him. this is a big twist in the series with the character in fact, arriving in modern day. initially the creative team deny that this would be anything more than a period piece, but a dracula arrives on the shore to come face to face with the woman who appears to be sister Agatha. now, unfortunately for me, I do feel like from this point onward, the show did drop the ball quite a lot. time jumps can always destroy period pieces, and I do feel like this was the case here, with the creative team being better equipped to write classical dialogue than what they do with the teenage characters. they pretty much spend way too much time on characters that we don't really care about, and almost cut two credits mid-sentence, which left the finale feeling a bit hollow, in my opinion. this episode centers around so he found Helsing, we learn, is of the same bloodline of sister Agatha, and she's been attempting to track dracula down so that she can study him. zoe has cancer, and this could add motive to why she wishes to study the character, and why she ends up taking a drop of his blood. dracula is enabled to feast upon her as her blood is poisonous due to the disease, and we watch is it slowly ravages her from the inside. throughout the episode, this studying could be that you wish to find out the secret to his immortality, though her motives are never really developed fully. as we spend fifty minutes of the episode in a nightclub, this is where were introduced to a doctor named Jack who is a member of the Jonathan Harker foundation. jack has unrequited love for a girl named Lucy Westenra. those familiar with the original work will remember that Lucy was a character in the book, and that she was the best friend of Mina Murray. similar to the source material of Lucy ends up becoming the undead, and the show mirrors her arc, with her eventual death being a big part of it. there's a nice little shining Easter egg with the wallpaper in Jack's room possessing the same pattern as the carpet from the Overlook Hotel. but overall, I felt like the modern setting lacked a disturbing horror vibe that the first two entries had, except for, except for the graveyard kid. god damn well, there what the hell was a after dracula is caged in almost laughter s prison. a lawyer comes in freeze him because it is against his rights to be detained. left with little options, Zoey drinks Dracula's blood, and this reawakens this pair of Agatha, who's been traveling with him through his blood to the new world. dracula discovers Jack's phone and begins seducing Lucy, which is when we get another time Jim of three months. through Dracula and Lucy's conversations, we discover that sometimes when people die, their consciousness remains and they become the undead. it's also at this point that Dracula warns Lucy not to be cremated when she dies, as this will be extremely painful. it seems like he's finally found the bride that he's been searching for this entire time. and he drains her blood almost completely. a friend reaches out to jack, who in turn reaches out to Zoe who is haunted by visions of Agatha. Jack isn't able to say, well, you see. and she becomes the undead, conscious in a body, but completely paralysed. she is cremated and then reanimates, becoming horribly disfigured. do you to have vanity and twisted perception of the world. Lucy isn't able to see this, and still believes that she is beautiful. together, Jack and Zoe confront Dracula, and Lucy arrives. discovering how she really looks upon taking a selfie, which, ya gain at one small kind of comments and a vanity and how the camera never lies, she breaks down and Jack kills her in some blade CGI death scene, which left me thinking, where's Wesley Snipes when you need him? anyway, after Dracula confesses that he was besotted by Lucy because of her fascination with death, Agatha takes over Zoe and the two begin to talk because she's finally realized what's going on with the character. now this is where the show probably takes the biggest turn from the source material. and after she proves a Dracula that sunlight cannot harm him, she slowly begins to deconstruct his psychology. Dracula is a coward that has been afraid of death his entire life, possibly because all of his ancestors died in combat on the battlefield. because of this, he is subconsciously gained a low opinion of himself, and thus he lurks in the shadows, cannot confront God and won't even look at himself in a mirror. it's a nice little subversion of the character. and we realized that the main reason for the characters immortality is because, deep down, he doesn't have the courage to die. what he's most afraid of is the finality of life. and because he won't take this final step, he, in fact, has lost and is doomed to live forever as a coward. zowie, on the other hand, is at death's door, accepting of a fate and ready to go to the afterlife, leaving the character behind to wallow in the shadows. however, Dracula has a huge change of heart, and he steps into the light that also has crosses on it and what are some of the best iconography in the show. Dracula finally accepts that he must die, and he drinks so his blood, killing himself in the process. the two dream that they are drifting off into the siRNAs lowers, which is when the show cuts to black. this is important because Dracula was obsessed over the Sun his entire life, and he longed to see it once more, finally drifting off into it at the end. and this shows that he has embraced the thing deep down that he wanted the most, a death that would come at the hands of it. and the van helsings, Dracula believed that the Sun would kill him, and yet he still longed for it, which also shows a deep down, he still longed for death. the to lock with one another and fade off as credits begin to roll. but what did I think of the show overall? well, I had high hopes for this, and after an outstanding couple of episodes, I was really hopeful that the finale would nail the landing. however, from about the time Jim onwards, this really lost it for me. I do think that they could have kept it in the past and retained all of the plot elements that were in place in this finale. and the time jump, it just feels a bit cheap, looking back as a whole. oh, I did enjoy the show and watching it on the BBC night after night. it's pretty much made of most of my activities in 2020 so far. I did have a lot of fun with it. but it's difficult to not get the bad taste out of my mouth from the ending, excuse the pun, so it is quite hard to rate. overall, I did enjoy Dracula more than I didn't, and that's why he gets a 7 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on Dracula and it's ending. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our full breakdown of The Witcher Netflix timeline, which is gonna be linked at the end. we go over the entire show in chronological order, from beginning to end. so it's definitely worth check if the show left he confused. if you want to come chat to me after the video, that makes you, follow me on Twitter at definition YT or head over to my discord server, which would be linked in the description below. we drop videos on that early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be. it's free adjoining. we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of Joker, which is one of our favourite movies of the last year. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video. make sure you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Dracula in the comment section below the one. it's gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of January, and the cell be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. 