take a look into a vertical prison where human greed of those above causes those below to suffer and to turn into cannibalistic animals. an endless nightmare trapped in the hole. welcome to total recaps. today we will explain a 2019 sci-fi mystery horror titled the platform. get ready for some spoilers. take a seat and enjoy. the video starts with a scene of a gourmet dinner being skillfully cooked, and a voice-over explains that there are three kinds of people, those who are above, those who are below and those who fall boring wakes in a concrete jail cell and is met by trimagassi, an elderly man. trimagase informs him that they are on level 48 and in the pit. trimagassi worries what they'll eat. and when goring asks him to explain, trimagassi says, it'll be whatever the ones above leave behind. boring glances through a rectangular hole at the cell's bottom, showing countless similar cells beneath theirs. he sees the same thing when he looks above trauma. gassy tells goring not to cry out to those below them, and adds that those above will not react either. a platform holding food leftovers then descends through the opening in the ceiling. trauma. gassy starts to eat ferociously. boring refuses to eat, horrified at the prospect of having to eat food that others have already consumed. but he discovers a perfectly undamaged apple and tucks it into his pocket. boring notices that the chamber is becoming hotter as the platform lowers. trimagassi claims that until goring returns the apple he took, the temperature in the chamber will continue to increase until they are boiled alive, and that the penalty for trying to retain any of the food is being burnt or frozen to death. boring tosses back the apple, and the temperature returns to normal. the two then talk about how they ended up in the pit. boring admits he deliberately participated in exchange for a diploma. trimagassi says one day he got enraged because of the knife sharpener he bought, and he threw a tv outside the window, killing a random passenger. every participant of the pit can bring one item with them. boring shows he brought a book, and trimagassi shows him he brought a knife. boring then tries to talk to others below them to ration their food, but nobody listens. trimagassi, on the other hand, says nothing and starts to piss all over them. the following day, a corpse falls through the hole, but trimagassi seems undisturbed. goring then believes that trauma gassy cannibalized his former cellmate. the platform suddenly comes carrying a battered and wounded asian lady called meru. while goring is worried about her, trimagassi assures him that mirou descends the whole every month in pursuit of her kid. trimagassi further reveals that mirror murders her cellmate each month in order to increase her chances of being paired with her son. during the following months, cell rotation, miyaru was assaulted by the inmates on level 49 as the platform lowers, but she kills the two guys in self-defense and returns to the platform. once meeru has left. goring starts reading don quixote to try magassi. many days later, the two guys became friends. trimagassi tells goring that soon the room will be filled with gas, and they will fall asleep. when they wake up, they will be randomly placed on another level. boring is tied and gagged in his bed. as he awakens, trimagase arrives, revealing that the two have been transferred to level 171. trimagassi explains that hunger can drive a person crazy, and that goring's flesh is more desired since he is younger. he tells him he will slowly cut him and eat his flesh later. try megasy tosses the platform in anger as it comes in their room with nothing but empty dishes. he adds that after eight days, he would begin removing pieces of flesh off goring, carrying to the wounds each time to prevent goring from bleeding to death. boring begs for his life, but crazy old man is determined to eat him alive. the old man claims how it is not his fault, but those above them. trimagassi takes a piece of goring, but then all of a sudden, mirou arrives on the platform. she attacks trimagassi and releases goring, who ends the old man's life. voring falls asleep and awakens to see mirror chopping into trimagassi's flesh, which she is using to feed herself and goring. she then descends further. boring now has no other option but to eat trimagassi in order to survive. he slowly descends into madness. he is awakened the following morning by a dog and finds that he is on level 33. the dog belongs to imahiri, his new cellmate. imahiri claims she would never have entered the pit without her dog, but goring scoffs and claims that taking a dog into the pit was a bad idea since he would surely die. the two have a chat, and goring realizes he met her earlier. she actually worked for an organization that created this pit. she admits she entered the pit on her own will, just like goring. goring informs her that people die in the pit on a daily basis, to which imahiri replies that it is really known as a vertical self-management center. boring inquires as to the number of levels, to which she replies that there are two hundred. goring claims that there is insufficient food for 200 levels, while imahiri claims that if everyone ate just what they required, the food would reach the lowest level. the platform is delivered to their cell. they eat and imahiri prepares plates for those below them. but when the platform reaches them, they start to eat ferociously. every day, imahiri tries to reason with people below them, only to have her please disregard it. one day, meeru appears on the platform, badly wounded and barely awake. miroo speaks for the first time in the film, saying simply, it's chilly. goring notices that the temperature in the room is being reduced in order to freeze them to death. imahiri's dog has saved a piece of flesh. the temperature returns to normal when he battles the dog for the scrap. mihuru remains in their cell, and goring wakes in the middle of the night to a violent fight between the two women. he breaks up the fight and learns that mehru has murdered the dog. mihuru rides the platform down again. the following day, boring observes as mirou stabs the guys in the cell below them. while limahiri remembers her conversation with miro before she claims mia root wanted to go in on her own and that she has no children. the platform returns the following day with goreng's favorite dish. he tells imahiri she should eat because they are soon moving to another level. goring wakes up in cell 202. he finds out that a mogiri hanged herself when she found out there are more than 200 levels in existence. at level 202, without any food, he has no other option but to eat the poor lady. days go by, and goring loses the track of time, spending his time only with the rotting corpse that serves him as food. goring learns that he is now in cell number six and that his new cellmate is a religious black guy called bharat. bharat informs a couple above them that god came to him and told him to leave the pit. throws his rope up to them, hoping they will help him to escape. and a lady defecates on his face. as he starts ascending, bahrat drops his rope down and almost falls into the hole himself, but is rescued by goring. despite the fact that the platform is almost full with food when it comes at their cell phone, does not eat goring convinces baharat to ride the platform with him to convince the other prisoners to ration their food, despite being mocked by the couple on level five. the two guys begin their dissent. the following day, one of the guys on level seven begs them to let him eat since he was on level 114 the month before. but goring seems unconcerned about his situation. before trying to forcibly remove a portion of food from the platform, the guy makes racial remarks at bahrain, and enraged bharat wax him to death. from then on, the two fiercely guard the food from angry pit inhabitants. one prisoner says they should protect a fine dish of panacada and send it back to level 0 to the boss as a powerful message. when they reach level 51, the two passionately protect the ponicata, ensuring that it stays undisturbed, and begin rationing food, attacking inmates who attempt to steal more than what they are allowed. the platform continues to descend, causing the guys to discover there are more than 250 levels. when they hear miroos cries, they realize she is being attacked by two other prisoners, bahrain and goring leap off the platform and assault the guys aggressively. miyaru is tragically stabbed. goring momentarily mourns her death before being taken away by bar rod. as the platform departs, the platform eventually comes to a halt at level 333. boring then sees a young girl cowering beneath the bed. they exit the platform, but it continues to descend. before they can re-enter, boring orders bahrain, who is still holding the panacada, to return it to the platform, but he refuses. as the platform moves away from them, both guys notice that the temperature in the room hasn't altered at all. the girl slowly creeps out from beneath the bed, showing that she resembles mirror. despite their reservations, they give her the panna cotta before passing out. goring has wild nightmares. he sees everyone he shared his cells with. then he is awakened by bhararat, who informs him that the girl is the message. he realizes he is hallucinating and that bahrat died protecting the food. he wakes up myra's daughter and takes her to the platform. when it comes finally they reach the bottom of the pit, but there is nothing there. at the very bottom, he has a vision of the guy from the first platform he was in. he realizes the little girl is the message, and she should go up to level 0 alone. he watches her go as platform rapidly carries her up to the very top. thank you for watching. if you want to see more, make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications. see you later. 