hmm. monarch is on the cusp of being shut down. brooks, we're broke. it's a satellite photo of an uncharted island in the south pacific. it has defied discovery until now. skull island, the land where god did not finish creation. i believe there's an ecosystem out there, the likes of which we can't imagine. tomorrow night, the russian knows that passes over this sector, and in three days, they're gonna have the same images we have. that almost makes sense. thank you. i'm going to need a military escort. i'm here to execute whatever orders i'm giving, sir. scientists called landsat discovered a new island on their satellite. they need helicopter transport for a survey job an uncharted island. i want five times that, plus a bonus if we make it back, if only satellite images. so we need someone like you with your skill, your unique expertise in uncharted jungle terrain, 1800 tomorrow. thank you. i really owe you. when three sources tell you the same thing word for word, you know they're lying. the island is surrounded by a perpetual storm system, allowing it to remain hidden from the outside world, flying over the south shore and then strategically drop seismic charges to better help us understand the density up here. three days later, refuel team will meet us here on the north end of the island. that may be our only safe departure window for an unknown period of time. the bedrock is practically hollow. [Music], five, prepare to crash. [Music], how many left? there's seven survivors. you are going to tell me everything. i don't know. my agency is known as monarch. we specialize in the hunt for massive, unidentified terrestrial organisms. planet doesn't belong to us. ancient species own this earth long before mankind, that there are these massive underground spaces isolated from the surface world. oh no, no need for that. come on now. lieutenant hank marlow, the 45th, you probably noticed a lot of weird things on this island. if you like your hands, don't touch anything. some of the things they were afraid of started protecting them against the things that were eating them. this is where they honor the last of their saviors. that's calm comb's god on the island. but the devils live below us. those bombs woke up a bunch of them. you don't want to wake up the big one. how long's the last of his kind? but he's still growing. gunpay. spent six years of our lives building this thing. this mission to the crash site is folly. you don't like the way i'm running things. i know an enemy when i see it. yes, this is goodbye. thank you. [Music], i got a son out there, grown man. i've never met anyone out there. hey, this is fox 5. we're here. i thought you were crazy. i wish i had west. we can't go west. that's where those skull things live. oh [ __ ]. [Music], chapman is dead. we're still going to that crash site. what's at that crash site that you want so badly? weapons enough to kill it? because the only thing keeping the lizard things in the ground. you're gonna get us all killed off. you'll find your sea stallion three clicks up that ridge. now i'm gonna take these civilians back to the boat. saddle up. let's go kill this thing. let's be around that bend. wait for us till dawn. if we're not back by then, just go. we're going to save don't do it. put it down, sir, that's the big one. [Music], this is the edge of the island. weaver, get up on those rocks and fight. [Music], uh so uh. [Music], welcome to the monarch. this island is just the beginning. kong is not the only king. [Music] you 