Story Recapped here. Today I'm going to explain a fantasy, horror, and mystery film called \xe2\x80\x9cTigers Are Not Afraid." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.  At the height of the drug war in Mexico, Estrella, a young student, attends a local elementary school. On that day, their teacher assigns them to write their own version of a fairytale. Estrella decides to write a story about a prince who wishes to be a tiger. Meanwhile, a street orphan named Shine awaits the perfect timing to steal valuables from people passing by. He sees a drunken Caco, a henchman of an infamous crime boss, and sets him as his target. While Caco is taking a piss, Shine steals his gun and iPhone from his pants. Still unnoticed, Shine aims the gun at Caco, but he is unable to shoot. Once Caco turns around, Shine hides in the dark, and breaks into tears because of his miserable life. Back in the classroom, the school is disrupted by gunfire from outside, causing the kids to get down on the floor amid panic. To calm the poor Estrella, her teacher hands her three pieces of chalk which, according to her, will grant three of her wishes, just like in fairy tales. The shootout finally subsides, and classes are suspended until further notice. On her way home, Estrella stumbles upon a dead body covered in a thick carpet in broad daylight, but she remains unfazed and continues to walk home. Unknowingly, the blood follows her in a thin line and traces all around her house. Estrella calls out to her mother several times, but she does not seem to be at home. She sits on the couch watching some television, where she finally notices the traces of blood surrounding her.  Meanwhile, Shine reunites with his friends Pop, Tucsi, and Morro, who are orphans as well. Their group is the closest thing they have to a family, and all of them grew up together in the streets. At bedtime, Morro, the youngest one, always asks Shine to tell him stories. Shine then tells him one about a tiger who preys on orphans. That same night, Estrella is still waiting patiently for her mother\xe2\x80\x99s arrival, but to no avail. She waits until the sun rises and endlessly tries to reach her through the phone, but still, her mother is unresponsive. She sees Shine walking in the neighborhood from the balcony and waits for her mother until night falls. While waiting, she recalls when the two of them were still together, living happily despite their modest conditions. Estrella makes use of one of the three chalks she has and wishes for her mother to come back. Suddenly, she hears subtle whispers around the house that sound like her mother. A ghostly figure touches her from behind, frightening the little girl, so she spends the night outside.  The following morning, sounds from inside the house awaken Estrella. She sees a boy in a tiger mask looting their house. She tries to stop him from stealing, eventually unmasking the thief, who happens to be Shine. Before running away, Shine tells Estrella that her mother was taken by the huascas, a human trafficking ring run by a gang. She refuses to believe him and chases him away. Estrella hears the same whispers again from the night before, and she runs outside out of fear. She sees the tiger mask from their balcony and decides to follow Shine\xe2\x80\x99s tracks. She eventually arrives at their hideout and sees the four orphans sharing a meal while they gather their collection of stolen things. They hear Estrella coming their way, but they warn her that she isn\xe2\x80\x99t welcome in their territory and tells her to go home. However, Estrella tells them that she is hungry and is insistent on staying with them. Shine tries to kick her out, but her cries gain sympathy from Pop. He encourages Shine to let the girl stay with them because she might get abducted by the huascas. Estrella spends the night just outside their fort, where Morro offers her some blankets and a piece of biscuit. Estrella is still hungry so scours through the trash looking for some food. Suddenly, a set of hands drag her. Her screams wake up Shine. He gets mad at her for being too loud and goes back to sleep.  The following day, Shine tells Estrella to get up as huascas are coming. A car arrives with men who are planning on capturing the kids. Caco and another man chase after them, so they hurriedly run through the neighborhood roofs. Estrella is afraid of heights, but Shine helps her flee from the bad guys. Shine shoots the stolen gun at them, and Caco realizes that he was the one who stole his phone and weapon. In an empty alley, the two meet with Pop and Tucsi, who inform Shine that the huascas got Morro, and his stuffed toy tiger was the only thing left behind. Shine is in a fit of rage, knowing that one of his closest friends is in great danger. When Estrella asks what happens to the ones they take, they tell her that the kids are taken to Chino to be chopped off, and then their body parts are sold. They also add that the gang is known to practice rituals, so they must have a deal with the devil. Shine is annoyed by Estrella\xe2\x80\x99s presence and blames everything on her. As the three walk away, Estrella says that she can make the huascas disappear, grabbing their attention. Shine hands her the gun and makes her a deal. If she kills Caco, she can stay in their group. Not wanting to waste any time, the four of them arrive at Caco\xe2\x80\x99s house, where Estrella has second thoughts on doing the deed. After a bit of encouragement, she climbs up the wall and makes her way inside the house. The interior is dark, and she hears Caco in the living room watching the news. She gathers up all her courage and approaches from behind him. While aiming the gun at him, Estrella takes a piece of chalk and wishes that she didn\xe2\x80\x99t have to kill him. Surprisingly, she sees that Caco is already dead. She drops the weapon and it misfires. Not long after, she stumbles upon the house\xe2\x80\x99s backdoor, where numerous children are locked up in cages, including Morro. She sets every single one free, and they make their way outside so the four friends could reunite. Estrella approaches Shine, who is in disbelief that she made it out alive. She hands him back the weapon, but he walks away.  The group returns to the hideout and celebrates their victory, but Shine is still in a cranky mood. He asks Estrella how she managed to pull off the deal, and she simply says that she made a wish. Just then, the phone rings and Shine sees that a man named Tio is trying to reach him from Caco's phone. He turns it off and walks away while Estrella celebrates with the other children. Later that night, Estrella wakes up and sees insects coming out of her mouth. She then gets another vision of her mother. Through an empty cup, a voice warns her that some people are coming for her. Estrella insists that she didn\xe2\x80\x99t kill Caco. The voice then says that \xe2\x80\x9cthe one who killed him is looking for you," and she must bring the man to her.  With the huascas on the lookout for them, the children decide to pack their stuff and look for another home. Along the way, they pass by another gang\xe2\x80\x99s territory led by Brayan to drop the other kids who are part of his gang. They are intimidated by the older members, but Shine remains unshaken, informing them that Estrella killed Caco. They soon find an abandoned mansion that would serve as their new hideout, and the group is amazed by how big the place is. While alone in her room, the trail of blood from earlier follows Estrella into the hallways. As she cleans up, the blood drenches the entire room. As Estrella sees the bloodstains soaking up the walls, she draws a line in the entrance using the chalk to prevent the blood from entering. From there, she sees Shine sobbing from a distance and goes to him for consolation. The phone rings again and they receive a call from Tio, who is furious about finding out that the kids are behind his brother\xe2\x80\x99s death. The two of them realize that Brayan snitched on them, putting them in even more danger. Shine reveals that he keeps the phone because it contains the only picture of his missing mother. Caco took the picture right after kidnapping her.  That afternoon, the children find a box of soccer balls and decide to have fun with it. They play soccer, write jersey numbers on their back, and decorate the balls to pass the time. After all, they are still kids who want to enjoy a little fun in life. Later that day, Morro comes crying to Estrella, saying that his teddy got ruined, so she fixes it for him. From a distance, Shine sees her comforting the distressed Morro and looks at her with admiration. Both of them share a conversation about how a tiger\xe2\x80\x99s abilities are one of a kind. Estrella says that she feels terrible for tigers who get caught and put in the zoo, but Shine tells her that she shouldn\xe2\x80\x99t, as tigers are not afraid of anything. Estrella browses through Caco\xe2\x80\x99s phone but doesn\xe2\x80\x99t find anything. Shine then shares about how the gang burned their home and ruined his life completely. She tells him that the only picture of her mother left is now at their abandoned home. Shine asks Estrella if she could use her final wish to remove the burn marks on his face, but she refuses to do so, claiming that something bad happens whenever she makes a wish.  To cheer her up, Shine goes to Estrella\xe2\x80\x99s house alone to retrieve a picture of her and her mother. He soon gets spooked and rushes outside. Unfortunately, Tio, Caco\xe2\x80\x99s brother, is waiting outside and immediately captures him. While Estrella looks for Shine around the house, she sees Tio just outside, so she hides in one of the rooms. She experiences another series of haunting visions of her mother and other murder victims who demand that she brings the gang to them. Greatly frightened by this, Estrella runs outside, where Tio catches her and brings all the children to one area. In an attempt to save his friends, Morro shoots Tio, but he gets shot back, resulting in his instant death. Pop stabs Tio in the leg to avenge his friend before carrying Morro with him as they flee from the scene.  The group hides in another abandoned place where they lay Morro in his favorite blanket and teddy. They break into tears as they worry about how they can get away from the huascas. Shine and Estrella begin to wonder why the gang wants to phone so much. They examine its contents and discover a video recorded by Caco that shows Chino killing a woman. To put an end to their struggle, they call Chino through the phone and tries to strike up a deal. Chino instructs them to meet him tomorrow in an old spa by the railroad at 7 A.M. If they give up the phone, the huascas will stop bothering them, but if they don\xe2\x80\x99t, he will hunt them down. Chino reveals that he was the one who killed Caco and not Estrella. The revelation angers Shine and he calls Estrella a liar. He takes the remainder of his group and abandons her.  That night, Estrella experiences a haunting vision of Morro and his stuffed toy tiger. Confused, she looks over Morro\xe2\x80\x99s dead body and sees that it has risen while whispering her name. She sees more dead people around the room, who were also victims of the huascas, commanding her to bring Chino to them. She runs to a room and repeatedly says, \xe2\x80\x9ctigers are not afraid," to calm herself, but the souls manage to get to her through a drain. As she runs away, a tiny dragon, who seems to be friendly, follows her around. Meanwhile, Tucsi steals the phone away from Shine. He manages to convince Pop to turn it over to the people, thinking that they might help them. The two then show the footage to two police officers, but they are hesitant to act when they see who the murderer is. Instead of helping the boys, the officers drive them away. Shine grabs the phone back and notices a bracelet worn by the woman in the video, which is identical to the one worn by Estrella's mother in the picture he had found earlier. Realizing that they should find Estrella, they go back to where they last saw each other but they only find Morro\xe2\x80\x99s corpse. The boys then decide to give their friend a proper burial.  In a playground, Morro\xe2\x80\x99s ghost informs Estrella where she can find the boys, and she follows his advice. As they reunite, Shine gives Estrella the picture he got from their house, which makes her teary-eyed. She insists that they must meet with Chino to save themselves and the group finally agrees. After burying Morro in a box that they throw into the water, the children go to the meeting with Tio, Chino, and another man, in an old building. Shine gives up the phone and claims that he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t know the password, Chino suddenly executes Tio and the other man before crushing the phone with his foot. Pop and Tucsi run away to avoid the commotion, while Chino explains to Estrella and Shine that he had honored their agreement to make the huascas disappear. Recognizing the old building, Estrella insists on looking for her mother. However, Shine reveals that Caco\xe2\x80\x99s phone is still in his hands because he gave Chino a different one. He then finally reveals that the woman in the footage was her mother. Shine reminds Estrella that wishes are not real, but she still draws a line on Shine's cheek, making her final wish to make his scars disappear. The trail of blood appears below him out of nowhere, and Chino shoots him in the head after realizing the deception. Estrella runs around the building as she\xe2\x80\x99s chased by a bloodthirsty Chino, who grows more agitated. She climbs up to the ceiling to avoid him and crawls around the vents to see him from above. Morro\xe2\x80\x99s teddy leads Estrella into a shaft where she falls into a room full of dead bodies, including that of her late mother. She tearfully reunites with her mother as her bloody body briefly reanimates, transferring her bracelet to Estrella. She then uses the phone to lure Chino inside the room to trap him inside, granting the victims\xe2\x80\x99 wishes. She hears the ghost of Chino\xe2\x80\x99s victims as they finally get their revenge. As she escapes, she sees Shine\xe2\x80\x99s ghost. She bids him farewell before she hands him a lighter. Shine gives her one last look before going back into the room and setting it on fire. As Estrella escapes, she encounters a real tiger before finally arriving at an open field.  