hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2002 fantasy adventure film, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, the second Harry Potter film. so let's get started. the spoiler does rely in part that you've seen the previous film. if you need to see a spoiler for that, check out the cards listed above. during the summer between his first and second year, Harry meets a house elf named Dobby, who warns Harry that dangerous things will happen to Harry if he returns to school. Dobby reveals that he has been intercepting the letters from Harry's friends all summer long. and Harry chases Dobby, and Dobby ants destroying a cake, and the Dursleys lock Harry up. however, Harry is saved by Ron and his family in a flying car because ron was concerned about not receiving responses to his letters while buying school supplies. they encounter a celebrity author and wizard named Gilderoy Lockhart, who announces that he will be the new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor at Hogwarts. Harry also encounters Draco Malfoy, Harry's schoolyard. nemesis throughout the films and his father, Lucius. Lucius flips a book into the bag of Ron's younger sister, Ginny. Dobby blocked Harry and Ron from boarding the train to school, so they take Ron's flying car, but end up crashing into a whomping willow. Harry ends up finding a message at the school saying, Chamber of Secrets has been open. enemies of the heir, beware. Professor McGonagall explained that one of the school's founders, Salazar Slytherin, constructed a secret chamber in the school and place a terrible monster that only his heir could control in order to purge the school of impurity, witches and wizards. Harry and his friends suspect that Malfoy is the heir, so they use a Polyjuice potion, a potion that allows them to transform into the form of others, in order to question him. at another point, Harry communicates with a snake, something Salazar Slytherin was known to be able to do. and many in the school believe that Harry is actually the heir. they find that the chamber had been opened 50 years earlier, and a girl had died. then Harry finds an enchanted diary owned by a former student, Tom Marvolo riddle. and the Diary begins to talk to him and show him flashbacks, including one where Hagrid had been previously blamed for opening the chain. after her Moines is petrified. Haggard is arrested, but he is able to tell Ron and Harry to, quote, follow the spiders. the boys travel into the forest and meet a giant spider named Eragon, who explains Hagrid's innocence from a page that the Petrified her Moines had. they discover the school's monster as a Pascal esc', a large serpent that instantly kills anyone who makes eye contact with it and petrifies anyone who sees it, indirectly explaining the petrification that have been happening throughout the school year. Ron says, Virginia's taken into the chamber, and the school convinces lockhart, because of his world-class skills, to go into the chamber and save her. Ron and Harry discover, however, that Lockhart is a fraud with no serious skills. and eventually Lockhart accidentally erases his own mind. Ron and Harry also learned that the ghost at the school Moaning, Myrtle, is the girl who died in the chamber when it was open 50 years ago. and she shows them the chambers entrance. Harry is the only one able to enter after a cave-in, and he finds Ginny unconscious next to the spirit of Tom Riddle. Harry realizes that Tom is actually the heir and used the diary to manipulate Ginny into opening the chamber. Tom also revealed that his name, Tom Marvolo riddle, is an anagram for the name he would adopt later in life, stating, I am Lord Voldemort. a battle ensues, and Harry is able to obtain a sword owned by Godric Gryffindor, while Tom summons the Baskervilles. because of Harry's ability to talk to snakes, he is able to look at the Beast and eventually slave it. he then plunges one of the basket fangs into the diary, defeating Tom and saving Ginny. later on, Eric uses lucius malfoy, dobby's master, of putting the diary into Ginny bag, and tricks Lucius into frame Doug. in a post-credits scene, we see Lockhart publishing a new autobiography titled Who am I? a joke on his erased memory. so that was the spoilers for Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 