welcome to the man of recaps. this is West world season 2. at the end of season 1, Dolores killed West world founder Robert Ford. and all the hosts have had restrictions on hurting humans removed. so Dolores is leading them in a robot uprising. season 2 begins with Bernard, the head of programming, waking up two weeks later when the rescue crews finally here. remember, he just found out that he's a host himself, based on Robert Ford's old partner, Arnold. luckily no one else knows this, or they would shoot him immediately. turns out a whole section of the park is flooded now, and most of the hosts are dead in the water. what the heck happened here? Bernards got no memory of it. yes, the show continues to be extremely confusing because we're following multiple time frames. again. back on the night of the party, the hosts were running wild, the notorious milk bandits, doing what they're programmed to, terrorizing people. not all the hosts are violent now. many still just following their programming, but the humans aren't taking chances. Dolores, though, is on a murder spree. she is fully self conscious now remembers all the terrible things humans have ever done to her and has no mercy for him. he's five empty nights. one human that survived is William, the man in black. most of his fellow board members are killed. but he's been shooting robots in Westworld basically his whole life. this is what he lives for. the douche bag story. director Lee Sizemore is in a difficult spot, but he's saved by maze. she can still control other hosts where no one else can. and she's on a mission to rescue her fake robot daughter from her previous role, before she was madam of the brothel. she recruits her love interest, the sexy outlaw heck door, as well as his right-hand woman, arms dis and the two techs, Sylvester and Felix, who are somehow still caught up in this. Bernard meets up with board member Charlotte Hale. she calls for help, but no one's come. until she can secure the data, the super secret data, she stored inside Dolores, his old father's head to sneak it out of the park without for knowing. Dolores meets up with the Confederate oohs. she's already recruited a gang of her own, including Teddy, the master gunslinger with a heart of gold. he's not fully self-aware yet, so he doesn't really understand what's happening, but he'll follow Dolores anywhere. Dolores knows that security will be coming for them with futuristic automatic weapons. so they got a team up to survive. but she betrays the Confederate os--. locks the mountain, blows up the nitro, killing the hosts and humans alike. it's like, what the hell, bro? we're robots just like you. but she's like, nah, you Confederate O's are a bunch of douchebags. Teddy finish him off. but Teddy's not into killing unarmed prisoners, so he lets him go. and unfortunately, he failed the test. sorry, Teddy, I've got no use for a goody two-shoes right now. she makes a text she captured to reprogram him. and now he is full darkside, cold-blooded killer. Bernard through much in Anakin's get separated from Charlotte Hale, but meets up with junior programmer Elsie. it's like, hey, you're alive. I was pretty sure if Ford made me kill you last season. luckily, he just chained her up here. and she is reasonably very mad at him, until she finds out he's a robot and was just acting under crazy dr. Ford's control. they find a secret, off-the-books facility run by the parent company, dillos. what was dillos doing here? remember William and Logan bought Westworld for dello SPAC in season 1. Logan's father, James Delos, was not impressed with their investment, did a robot western theme park. but William convinced him the theme park is not the point. turns out Delos is dying of some disease, and they're planning to put his mind in a new robot body. first, they just have a little interview to establish fidelity, which means that after he's a robot, they'll have the exact same conversation. and turns out this is the after interview. it worked. I'm a robot now. I cheated death. but unfortunately, he can't go home. see, right at this point in the conversation is where he always starts breaking down. it's like, don't worry, I know we'll figure it out. soon, let's burn you up and try again. but years go by, William has grown up into Ed Harris, and they still never figured it out. in fact, Williams shutting down the program for now. it's like, you know, you're a terrible person anyway, and no one's even left alive who wants you back. so he doesn't bother burning him this time. he just leaves him there. so in the present Bernard and Elsie find robot Telos totally out of his mind. they go ahead and set the fire. present-day, William goes and saves his old robot best friend, Lawrence, a funny running joke from season one. his mission is to get to the forge, the big server room where they're storing all the data they've collected on guests over the years, and destroy it. they stopped by Lawrence's hometown, but the surviving Confederate O's have taken it over, men in black figures. he may as well ditch Lawrence and join up with them. but when they're tormenting Lawrence and his family, he's like, oh, I kind of want to be the good guy this time. he has one of the coolest western lines ever, you know, death, you didn't recognize him sitting across from you this whole time? yeah, does what he does best and shoots up all these confederate oohs. now I wouldn't say his alignments shifted too good. he is still a psychopath who makes this guy drink the Nitro and then explodes him. so maybe he's in the chaotic neutral range. may even her party are on their quest when they're attacked by a samurai. yes, samurai world was teased in season one, and now we're going there. they'll get a little deja vu though, as this guy's robbing the bank the same way Hector always does. Lee Sizemore's like, yeah, I may have borrowed from Westworld a little bit. so they're on a side quest to protect Maeve's doppelgangers daughter from the Shogun who kills her. so during the geishas dance, she kills the Shogun. they're gonna be executed, but mave logs into the Wi-Fi and is able to control other hosts. now, without speaking, she has all the Shogun's men kill each other, then picks up the katana for an epic action sequence that unfortunately happens off screen. Bernard and Elsie trying to reboot the system. but they have to go into the cradle where all the hosts backups are held. bernard plugs himself in, and it's a virtual west world where all the hosts, surge, is going about their business. but there is someone who doesn't belong. Robert Ford. yeah, he's the ghost in the machine. he had Bernard make a copy of his mind and plug him in here a while back. the human mind copies always fail once you put him in a body. but here in a virtual world, he's going strong. Bernards like, okay for it. at the end of season one, we still had no idea what your motivations were. are you gonna tell us? but he's like, nope. it's still gonna be totally ambiguous. I am, though, gonna need to hitch a ride in your body. so now Bernards got virtual Ford in his head, and if he doesn't follow his orders, he can briefly take full control. meanwhile, Charlotte Hale finally found Dolores as dad. so the rescues coming in. except as soon as they get there, something's wrong. Dolores, his crew has unhooked the locomotive and is crashing it into the headquarters. so they bust in, ready for a robot human showdown. unfortunately, the robots are in disguise and basically wiped them all out. Dolores finds her dad, but his head is too jumbled. he's beyond repair, so she just takes his brain. Williams on his quest when he runs into a mysterious rider, his daughter. turns out. she was vacationing and yet another part of the park, colonial India world. the host there started killing guests too, including the Tigers. but she managed to get away. she's like, hey Dad, I found you. let's get out of here. he doesn't believe it's really her. he thinks she's a robot built by Ford, set to torment him, so he ditches her immediately. meanwhile, Maeve finally finds her daughter, a beautiful reunion, except, of course, she's been replaced by a new robot mom. just then the savage ghost nation tribe rolls up, so it's a big ol fight. maven her daughter hide in their house, and who should walk in but the man in black. it was the same moment in the past where he first killed her daughter and awakened mames consciousness, names like this time. I'm shooting you. Lawrence goes to save him. hey, he saved my family. names like, maybe this time, darling. but she unlocks his memories of the past where he's killed his family. so Lawrence turns on William, but before he can finish him, oh, he gets shot. our rescue teams arrived. Lee Sizemore figured it was finally time to call for a pickup, but they shoot down Maeve before he can stop him. he didn't mean for her to get her there. a terrible rescue team, they don't notice the boss man dying in the dirt. he's found by ghost nation guy, but he doesn't kill him. turns out he's a pacifist who gets a whole episode dedicated to his backstory. he used to be part of a nice, peaceful Indian tribe, until they decided that was boring and reprogrammed him as something more fun. but he was actually among the first hosts to discover the maze and become self-aware. he had a whole adventure and love story. but long story short, he wants to stop Dolores from killing everyone. in fact, his tribe confronts her, like, hey, stop killing people. and she's like, I don't think so. sick I'm teddy. but finally, Teddy becomes self-aware, remembers he's not a cold-blooded killer. he draws his gun, and Dolores is like, come on, Teddy, you're not gonna hurt me. he's like, no, Dolores, I could never hurt you, but I can't help you anymore. so Teddy kills himself. Oh, even though Dolores is full Mad Queen Daenerys these days, she still loved her Jon Snow, Williams daughter eventually picks him up, and we get his backstory. his wife had a lot of issues, including a drinking problem, mainly because she could tell he was a secret sociopath. one day she saw his West world records of all the terrible things he's done. and this was too much for her. she killed herself. his daughter's like, yeah, I saw your records too. you have some problems. just then a rescue team arrives, but William shoots the ball down. it's like, what the hell, dad? those were real people. he's like, now it weren't, and neither are you. Oh, shoots his daughter. he's like, I know you're lying for it. my daughter never saw my West World Records. but turns out she did. her mother secretly left them for her. so William, as he did, just kill his real-life daughter. so he's gonna kill himself. but then he thinks, wait a second. what if none of this is real? and he sits down to check if he's a robot. Dolores finds him there, realizing that he is, in fact, real, and she's like, come on, get up. I need your help. turns out she wants to go to the forge also. Bernard is heading there too. he's sick. a foreword in his head, though, so he manages to delete him. these three meet up, William figures it's a good time to betray Dolores, but this time she's the one who's immune to bullets. his last shot backfires, and she leaves him there to bleed out. so Dolores and Bernard go down to the forge. the data on her father's brain was the access key. she and Bernard plugged themselves into the server, where the program greets them as Logan deloused. he's like, hey guys, yeah, my job was to decode all the data of what the humans did when they came to the park, and then use it to build an accurate program for their brain. turns out the human mind is deceptively simple. we are just dumb animals who think we're smart, but are basically just working on instinct. in fact, the code for a person fits into a real slim little book. and he's got a library full of, um, every guest that's ever come to Westworld. this is what Dolores is after. she starts speed reading them all because she wants to understand humanity so she can go conquer them. and turns out, Bernard was here before, under Ford's control, and created a virtual paradise for all the hosts to live in peace. many hosts, in fact, are on their way. it's part of the ghost nation guys thing, that a door to another world would be here. and now that Bernards turned it on, boom, the doors opened for him. it scans in their mind, but drops their body off the cliff. but hey, who needs a body when your brains in paradise? Dolores doesn't like it though. she thinks it's just another cage to keep the host oppressed, and wants to delete it. Bernard pulls a gun on her, like, hey, they deserve the choice to live in peace if they want. Dolores ain't backing down, so Bernard shoots her. meanwhile, the humans have Maeve, and they figure out how she's controlling other hosts. they programmed that in to Clementine and have her send out a signal for all hosts to kill each other. yes, it is a robot zombie virus. Maeve's friends bust into rescuer, but she rescues herself, causes a stampede with the robot balls. they had to pinned down, and Hector's like, you go, I'll hold them off. he starts giving the epic speech he never got to finish in season 1, but he's interrupted again. Lee Sizemore's like, hey, I feel bad for betraying Maeve earlier, and anyway, I wrote that speech. so he delivers his epic speech while making a final stand full decision, because as a human, he can die permanently. and indeed goes down in a hail of gunfire. may even friends get to the door, but right behind them is death on a pale horse. its Clementine, causing an epic all-out brawl. may finds her daughter and channels neo from the matrix, stops the fight, just long enough for her daughter to escape. ghost nation guy, - if you care about him. but someone finally shoots her, and she's down for good. Bernard cancelled the deletion, but he can't stop the water's rising. so that's why this whole place floods. but when he sees the human slaughtered all the hosts, it's like, why? they weren't hurting anyone. they were leaving else he's like, I don't know, man, they were killer robots. I don't feel bad. in fact, she doesn't trust Bernard anymore. I they're gonna probably shut him down - first. she confront Charlotte hell like, hey, you were illegally monitoring guests and creating virtual copies of their brains. I'm gonna turn you in. she's like, okay, Ned Stark. why would you tell me first? when you play the game of Thrones, you win or you die. Bernard's like, wow. humans really are the worst. so he summons an imaginary Robert Ford. he's like, hey, the humans probably just gonna kill us all. what do I do an imaginary for it's like, don't worry, I got just the plan. so in the two weeks later story, they eventually realized Bernards a robot. they haven't. lead them back down to the forge, where they finally get the data they've been after this whole time. but what? Charlotte Hale starts shooting everyone. why would she do this? oh, Bernards memories coming back. he an imaginary Ford, secretly built a new host, a robot copy of Charlotte Hale, and put in Delores his mind. then Bernard scrambled his own memories so no one could find out. so future Charlotte Hale has been Dolores this whole time. she's like, hey, thanks Bernard for the revive. in fact, you've made me rethink this virtual world thing. she uploads Teddy's mind into it and transfers all their data to the cloud where they can live happily ever after. she's got other plans for Bernard, though. she kills him. and so the parks basically cleaned up. now they're evacuating the last of the survivors. everyone believes Dolores is Charlotte, but they're still taking no chances with robots getting off the island. but she meets up with Ashley Stubbs, the security guy we thought died in season one. he had a little part this season. in the two weeks later storyline, he has an incredibly vague conversation with her that implies he maybe knows she's Dolores, or maybe he's a host himself, or maybe he's just really bad at his job, cuz he waves her on through. so Dolores as char Hale head in for the real world. Sylvester and Felix both survived and will almost certainly resurrect Maeve. the man in black survived this too. so William will be back. in fact, he had an after the credits scene where he followed Dolores and Bernard down into the forge, but it was all abandoned already. this must be years later, and his daughter was there waiting for him. it's a fidelity test situation, so this is either the future, or he's dead, or a robot. anyway, Dolores managed to smuggle out a few host friends with her, and one of them's Bernhard. she rebuilds him in the real world and is like, okay, I owed you one. this was a freebie, but I am still on my mission to wipe out or enslave humanity. and I feel like you're gonna want to stop me on that so we'll be enemies in season three. so Bernards in the human world, out to forge his own destiny. and that's how Westworld season 2 comes to an end. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out. [Music]. 