welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host the death knight. and with birds-of-prey premiering this week, we have a lot of plot leaks on the movie. throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down what apparently happens in the movie. and it's ending. this leak comes directly from reddit and has been substantiated by a number of sources, so it seems pretty legit. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you don't want anything potentially ruined about the movie, then I highly recommend that you turn off. now, all leaks like this should be taken with a grain of salt, but it does seem very likely, and we wouldn't want to ruin the movie for anyone who wants to go into the film with fresh eyes. if you're still here, thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into our breakdown of birds of prey. okay, so this comes from reddit user alpha fox run, who apparently saw the film earlier in the week. we know that DC have had several review screenings and early showings of the film across the globe, and the person behind the post apparently attended one of these, I'm gonna be taking their breakdown and kind of rewording it, just to make the sentences flow a bit better. and throughout, I'll also be dropping my thoughts in. however, if you want to read the summary in its entirety, then I'll link it in the description below. anyway, apparently the movie starts with Holly eating or writing her origin and cartoon. according to the user, the entire movie is narrated by the character. and I did see this verified by people on Twitter who complained about this choice. personally, I'm not too worried about it, as a lot of films that I love have narration in them, and it can work great if applied properly. in the wake of Suicide Squad, she has just broken up with Joker and is taking it badly. the character is completely alone, feels isolated and has been left to our own devices. according to the summary, the movie is nonlinear, so elements of the film take place in non chronological order, and certain things happen at different times and set other things up that happened earlier in the movie. look, just bear with me. I'll try and explain it as best as possible. early on, Holly annoys Gotham crime lord black mask by crippling his driver in a fight. she goes on a several bender, and while Strunk, steals a gas tanker and blows up ace chemicals, which is what we see in the trailer. somehow, Renee Montoya is able to know that Holly did it as a way of getting over the Clown Prince of Crime. and everyone in this city apparently also jumps to this conclusion. this makes black mask put a hit out on Holly, and slowly mercenaries go after her. we then cut the Black Canary calling Montoya saying that everyone is after a young girl named Cassandra Cain. apparently every time someone is introduced, it cuts to their origin story, and we learned that Black Canary was a lounge singer at black masks Club. after saving Holly from being sexually assaulted, black mask makes her his new driver. and this kind of ties back to the fight earlier on. canary spends most of the movie as his driver informing Montoya from behind the scenes of exactly what's going on in his operation. and this is where they form a friendship. we then cut to Montoya, who is every cop cliche. this isn't me saying this. this is a reddit post, by the way. I'm not sitting about slugging women off. before you start, Mary Sue, I know what you like to do for cliques. anyway, she struggled to EXCI didn't work due to the trappings of a gender, and no one gives her credit. according to the leak, she spends half of the movie. and I shaved my balls for the shirt t-shirt. and then Holly breaks into the police station wielding a beanbag shotgun. from here, we flashback to a time that Holly was being chased by Montoya. Holly steals an exam which which she was craving. and apparently, after the chase scene, Montoya catches up to her and knocks the sandwich out of her hand. Holly swears revenge, and she escapes from Montoya, but is then captured by Black Mask, who managed to catch up to her. black mask threatens to murder her, and she offers to go get Cassandra. came for him after hearing that Cassandra stole a rare and valuable diamond. apparently, Cassie swallowed this, and black mask has put half a million dollars on a head. we don't cut. did a scene from earlier with Holly attacking the police station with a beanbag shotgun. it's revealed that Cassie is at the station, and this is why Holly is hunting there. Holly finally makes it to where Cassandra is being held and accidentally releases all of the prisoners, and they start to run riot. she beats them all up with ballet moves and gymnastics, and then chases Cassandra through police station. they end up in the evidence room. when a bunch of mercenaries catch up to them, Holley beats them all effortlessly, and then more mercenaries appear with guns, and she fights them as well. Holley takes cover behind a pallet of cocaine, and as they're shooting at it, vaporizes into the air, and she begins breathing it in. due to the high she's able to disarm all of the gun wielding opponents and breaks most of their legs. she then tricks Cassandra into trusting her and then starts teaching her life lessons. after a shopping trip and introducing her to a landlord, Holly takes her to her apartment where they eat cereal. there's a knock on Holly's door, so she runs to the window, and someone throws a ball of fireworks into Holly's apartment, blowing it up. in what was supposed to be an emotional scene, her pet hyena dies. so having no clue where is, falls completely flat again. that's that's the redditor say, no, not me. you know, we'll love animals at the channel. Holly goes downstairs to find the landlord packing everything up, and he tells her that he betrayed her. realizing that it's everyone for themselves, Polly decides to turn Cassandra in. it's at this point that we cut to the huntresses origin story, where we learn that she was the daughter of the crime lord that originally owned the diamond that Cassie stole. her entire family was massacred in front affair. but Huntress managed to survive this because one of the goons helped her to play dead, and then he took her out the country to raise her. she became a trained assassin and has been hunting everyone that was involved in her family's death. anyway, back in the present, Holly sets up a meeting with black masks in an abandoned amusement park, funhouse. black mask sends canary and his enforcers as to go and get them. according to the summary, because canary is obviously an idiot, she leaves her phone where's oz can see it. the Montoya text says, saying that you'll meet them soon, Montoya. Black Canary answers. all meet up with Holly as tries to get canary to cook Cassandra open, but she refuses to. and everyone fights, and then Huntress kills as. as it turns out, it was a member of the gang who killed the family. black mask arrives with an army and a fun house fight scene occurs. the user states this is easily the best part of the movie, and it's one that a lot of people will enjoy when watching the film. they beat everyone up, and then, triumphantly, war of the funhouse, and stalking a barrage of bullets shot them, black mask grabs Cassandra and starts to make a getaway. Black Canary then uses her canary scream, and Holly Quinn, who is on roller skates, uses that to propel her towards the car. Huntress comes from out of nowhere on a bike to help pool Holly along, and then flings Holly towards black mask's car, wrecking her bike in the process. Holly causes Black Mask to crash his car, and he flees with Cassandra to a foggy Pierre. Holly uses her last bullet and accidentally shoots a statue, and Cassandra shows that she picked pocketed the pin off of one of black mask's grenades. Holly then throws him over the Pierre where he explodes with the grenade midair. but where, where was Batman this whole time? anyway, that defeats the villains, and we get an epilogue of sorts that wraps up all of the characters arcs and shows where things could be heading in the future. we learned that Rene quit the force, and that Huntress used their money to fund Montoya and Canaries new crime-fighting team, aptly called the birds of prey. Holly pawns the diamonds for cash, and her and Cassandra ride off in the sunset together, probably off to go film The Suicide Squad. I'm looking forward to that. James gun, you better not let me down. now, we did hear rumors earlier in the week that the post-credits scene was Green Arrow looking for canary. and this got widely reported. I didn't have anyone to verify it, so I didn't cover it. but apparently this scene was made up, and Oliver Queen does not appear in the movie. according to the user, there is no real post-credit scene. and grace Randolph did verify this on Twitter, so it seems true. apparently they do sort of have something to stick around for, though. and this continues the narration of Holly Quinn over the credits. she does a voiceover. let's say she knows the secret, and that is who Batman really is. that closes the ending on a cliffhanger. and who knows if we'll ever find out who Batman really is. inside, sources say that Batman is actually Bruce Wayne, but I guess we'll never know. make sure you subscribe the channel for who is the Batman video coming out this April. now, that concludes all of the plot summary, and it's the most detailed one on the film that could find. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the leaks. and if it makes you excited for the film, we've seen the movie, then please let us know if this is true. and if you want to see more DC stuff, then make sure you check out our breakdown of this week's big Batman news. we go over the top stories, so it's definitely worth checking out. if you're hyped for the film. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. your access to content early. and can also suggest video topics and breakdowns. we massively appreciate it, and it goes a long way to helping videos like this get made. every month, we give away free movies to people who are subscribed to the channel. and this month he can win dr. sleep. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you sub with notifications on. the more videos your comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winner is gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of February, and the selfie shipped out from then Toba gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. now see you next time. take care. peace. you 