hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a comedy horror film horns. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. mark loves his childhood sweetheart, marin so much, who was murdered one year ago, right before he's about to make a marriage proposal to her. mark, however, is the prime suspect for the murder. despite his declarations of innocence and being set free by the police in court, he's shunned by the community and suffers huge pressure from the press. mark finds his situation even goes worse when he's told a fire accident happened to the forensic lab where all evidences of the murder case were kept and destroyed. feeling bad, mark visits a local bar for some alcohol. heavily drunken that night, he staggers to the place where his darling, marin was murdered. he then destroys and pees at marin's memorial out of rage. the next early morning, mark is awakened up by a huge pain in his head. he then check himself before the mirror, only to get frightened by a pair of horns protruding from his forehead. he then rushes for a health check at the local hospital, where he's astonished to find that people all around him seems to tell him their darkest secrets and desires. and he can even read their past memories just by touching their body. the doctor and nurse, however, rather than respect his pain seriously, just keep telling mark their true feelings and evil desires. annoyed by all of the happenings, mark urges the doctor to saw off his horns right away. while under anesthesia for the surgery, mark's dreams of his childhood. when he first met marin at a church, they showed a crush to each other at their first sight. the little mark happened to find marin's cross necklace lost in the chair. later, in a game played by mark and his friends, mark risked his life to win a cherry bomb underwater and nearly drowned, but was luckily saved out by his best childhood friend, lee, mark later traded the cherry bomb to lee in exchange for fixing marin's broken necklace, which was later given by mark back to marin as a token of love. while the friendly, however, lost his two fingers due to the cherry bomb going off accidentally. injured badly, though, lee happened to receive marin's comfort from her smiles. mark and marin dated frequently and fell in deep love with each other. they even played the hormone let go game at treehouse with a surgical knife still attached on his horn. mark's happy sex dream is then interrupted by the hormone let go noises played by the doctor and nurse. he's upset by the doctor's malpractice. without better choice, mark comes to the godfather for help. ironically, under influence of mark's horns, the godfather begins to confess his own dark secrets. mark gets no choice, then turns to his child fiend leave for the complaints, who, however, actually can't see mark's horns. lee tries to easy mark down from his illusions, thinking that mark has taken overdose of drug. confused by lee's different reactions to his body changes, mark goes home and confirms that, instead of illusions, the horns do have unknown power to influence not only his mother, who reveals her hate of his being her son, but also his long-loved father, who actually thinks mark is the real murderer. because of that, the father sets the forensic lab on fire to burn down all evidences, presumably adverse to his son. crushed and feeling helplessly by the surroundings, mark decides to find out the truth himself. on his way to the local bar, he's then molested by the chasing reporters, who, instead, under the horns influence, are forced into a fight, competing for an exclusive interview with mark at the local bar. after he learns that a restaurant waitress testified she witnessed him taking marin into his car after the dinner right before the murder night, he then want to find the waitress for more details. the marriage ring in the car recalls him his marriage proposal to marin at a restaurant that night, but surprisingly, he got refused for her excuse that she had turned to love someone else. failing the proposal, the sad mark then drove his car alone to the lake, gets himself drunken heavily and awakened up by the police the next early morning when he heard the death of marin for the first time. mark later arrives at the restaurant and finds the waitress, who, before his horns, reveals that she fabricated her story just to become famous before the public. mark then talks to his brother for more details. the brother before the horns, however, tell him the big secret, that after mark's leaving, he offered marin a ride home. while on their way, the drunken brother couldn't help but touch marin's face, which frightened marin so much she insisted on getting off the car immediately and walked into the woods under heavy rain. while the brother waited in the car for marin's coming back. but passed out very soon due to the alcohol. however, he waked up in the early morning, only to find a rock beside with some blood attached. franked up, the brother set out to search the woods for marin, who he soon found lying dead by a tree, naked and with striking injury on her head. believing that he killed marin unconsciously with the rock last night, the brother then drove his car to the lake where he threw the bloody rock and got rid of all crime traces. knowing the truth, marx then launches strikes at his brother, coming police then detain mark and bring him to police station. the next morning, lee helps bail mark out of the detention. right then, mark notices marin's cross necklace on his best friend. he keeps questioning lee about that, but lee just tells him that he had a crush on maron long ago, and marin turns to love him away from mark. feeling betrayed by his lover and best friend, mark gets infuriated and flees away in his car. with that shocking truth. in an abandoned farmhouse, he struggles hard, sick of all the brutal truths and trying to get rid of his horns. he happens to realize the snakes there seem to obey his orders. he then decides to use the snakes to revenge against the waitress who dares to fabricate the story just to be famous. and later, he forces his brother to overdose on drugs as a punishment for his cause of marin's death. the other day, lee meets mark by the docks, trying to make friends again with mark, who's still upset about their betrayal. during their push and pull, however, mark happens to pulls off marin's necklace. exposed to the horns, lee falls under influence. he then confesses another version of truth. it turns out, when lee learned marin was going to break up with mark, he took it as a good chance to win his long crushed girl. at night, lee followed marin into the woods, trying to comfort the sorrowing marin with kiss but instead, he's refused by her, for she loved mark more than anyone in the world, reluctant to accept that they raped her in a jealous rage, then killed the screaming marin with a rock. he took away her necklace before planted the bloody rock on mark's dead sleep. brother, trying to mislead the police. mark is shocked there and can't accept the sudden truth. while he seeks the chance to attack him, overpowers him with chain and lights him on fire in the car, causing mark to drive into the bay. lee claims to the public that mark confessed to the crime and committed suicide. however, he never knows. the thorns allow mark to survive horrifically burned and disfigured. marin's father, who now believes mark innocent, gives mark the key to marin's lock box. in exchange, mark want to return the necklace to her father, who insists the necklace should be used to protect mark. with the necklace put on his body, is unbelievably restored back to normal with the horns disappear. in the box, he finds the last words from aaron, explaining that she was dying from cancer and didn't want him to suffer from the marriage, so she pushed him away under the pretense of loving someone else. through all of that, mark chooses to forgive his brother and even the best friend, lee, who's led into the woods where marin was killed. lee, however, pretends to confess his guilt to the coming police and mark's brother, but suddenly seizes the gun kills the police. immediately. at that critical moment, mark tears off the necklace, without which he's soon released, and transforms into a monster with flaming wings. despite lee mortally wounding him in the fierce fight, mark impales lee on one of his horns and sends the snakes to sentence the real murderer to death. at last, in the final scene, mark crawls back to the memorable treehouse before he dies from his injuries. and his smoldering corpse turns to hardened ash, while he appears to be reunited with marin in their afterlife. this is daniel cc movie review. peace out. 