now, this isn't normally the kind of video that I make, and with the amount of fake photographs of ghosts and specters floating around the Internet, it's something I'm always very skeptical of. however, with this one being very personal, it's something I feel like I have to share. so my mother lives in a house Queen, Northumberland after marrying my stepdad. the manor dates back to the 16th century and is located in the centre of a huge plot of land. the grounds have a church and graveyard on it, and it is the final resting place of Oliver Cromwell. basically, the entire location is steeped in history. the house itself has three floors on it, with the upper floor pretty much being uninhabited after my stepfather's doorway moved out. recently, my wife and I went up on Boxing Day and decided to have a look upstairs after hearing from my sister that she'd heard people walking around up there when she stayed over one night. we loved ghosts documentaries and thought this would be a great fun place to look. needless to say, we weren't disappointed when going into one of the rooms and discovering a creepy clown doll hanging up in the middle bar. that though, that didn't seem to be anything Supernatural about the place. recently, though, my mother was going for a walk around the house and thought she saw someone standing in one of the attic windows. so she grabbed her phone and took the following photo. our mum is as skeptical as I am, but after sending us this photo, it's pretty clear to me that there is someone standing there. I have absolutely no idea who this is, and he looks nothing like my stepfather. and we don't have any family members that this could be. no one from the family recognises the figure. and this kind of thing isn't something that my mother would stage or try to fake. as you can see from the image. we've not tried a photoshop a doctorate or change it. and it's really freaked everyone out I've shown it to, obviously. if you have any theories or plausible explanations for the photograph, I'd love to hear it, as we're all kind of coming up with our own theories. please leave them in the comments below, and make sure you subscribe to the channel, as I will probably be picking up on this story when we've had it probably lived in two thanks for taking the time to watch this. I hope I haven't freaked you out too much. and if you have any other similar stories there make sure you let me know. if you'd like to use this photograph in your own videos, then please get in touch, as I've left my email address in the description I've been definition. please don't have nightmares, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 