welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition, and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. this episode we'll be revisiting Jordan peels us. love it or hate it, the film is incredibly dense, so we thought we'd put together a list of everything you missed first time that you notice on a second watch. this video contains things I noticed as well as Twitter user Eve wing, who's just created an entire thread that Jordan Peele even retweeted. so make sure you head over to their profile to check out the full list after this video. from here on out, its full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen the movie yet and don't want to know anything about it, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I'm definition, and let's get into the full list of everything you missed from your first watch of us. okay, so the first big thing that you pick up from the opener of the film is the thriller t-shirt that young Adelaide is given at the carnival. in the infamous music video for that song, Michael Jackson not only transforms into a werewolf, but also a zombie. which confirms the notion of duality when discussing the choice of the thriller T your daniil, the film's director, said, the duality with which I experienced him in that time was both as the guy that presented his outward positivity, but also the thriller video, which scared me to death. in addition to this, Michael Jackson also made the song man in the mirror, which is a motif that plays heavily into the house of mirrors scene. Zora, the daughter of the Wilsons, is training to be an athlete. and a father, Gabe, suggests that she should run in the sand under sub optimal conditions to get better at running. this is why she's no match for hombre, who easily chases her down due to the fact that she's been trained to run underground, and is therefore faster and stronger. the name hombre means the dark moon shadow that causes an eclipse, which ties heavily into the shadows, which is what the tethered refer to themselves as. in addition to this, Zora also wears a shirt with the white rabbit on before changing it in the film to one that says, though, which means rabbit in Vietnamese. those who've seen the matrix will be familiar with the fact that white rabbits are often references to Alice in Wonderland, which this film has tons of nods towards. in Alice in Wonderland, Alice follows a white rabbit into the world that is a weird, uncanny version of her own Adelaide's childhood toy is also a white rabbit, and when she sees it in the house, the repressed memories from her childhood come back. when entering the subterranean tunnel, the first thing Adelaide sees is a single white rabbit. if that doesn't affirm the ties, there's also a sequel to Alice in Wonderland, which is called through the looking glass, in which Alice climbs through a mirror to discover a distorted version of her own universe. another item of clothing worn by Zora is a badge with a raven on it. the Raven is a story by Edgar Allan Poe in which a man is haunted at night by an otherworldly visitor that won't leave him alone, similar to the way that the tethered invade the Wilsons family home. in the film, red even begins their first encounter, almost like a story, by stating, once upon a time there was a girl, and the girl had a shadow, which further cements the literary notion of the film. early on in the film, we see a scene in which you're living spider emerges from underneath a fake one, much in the same way that the real Adelaide emerges to start their quest for revenge against the fake one. when entering the house of mirrors, the real Adelaide whistles the itsy-bitsy spider, and this thematically shows that she is coming back to take over. at the beach we meet the Wilsons, family friends, who have twin daughters the gained. this continues the duality mirroring and showcases that there are doubles for everyone. it's also at the beach scene that we see a red frisbee covering up a blue circle on a towel. this symbolizes red coming to take over. when entering the house, red moves at weird right angles. and later, when she fights, her movements are very deliberate and square. this is because she's Easter living underground and having to move through tunnels and their corners. she also knows that the key is hidden under a rock, which is a dead giveaway that she's lived on the surface before. throughout the fight, red tends to stick to the shadows, whilst Adelaide fights the light, once again showcasing their duality. when Adelaide escapes from the house, she starts running around handcuffed to herself. however, she manages to break this, which, of course, shows the separation from red. at the beach we learn that katie has had some form of plastic surgery, and her shadow, Dahlia, tries to copy this by cutting herself with scissors. the scissors to represent the opposing sides of the characters personalities. the design of the scissors looks like heads facing in opposite directions. they can either be brought closer together or move further apart. but if one side of the scissors moves, the opposite side boobs with it. again, this follows the mirror motif. and in the film, the tethered copied the moves of their counterparts on the surface. and finally, the title itself possesses a double meaning. in the film, Adelaide states, we are Americans. and with the title being us. this, of course, can be changed to stand for United States. the movie hammers home the idea that the US. needs to look at itself with the Hands Across America finale. and it's definitely a double meaning to add to the pile. and that's everything you missed on the first watch. obviously, with the film this dense, there's gonna be a ton of things that I miss too. so if you noticed anything that wasn't in the list, make sure you leave it in the comments below. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and share it with your friends. and make sure you check out my fan theory on why Jason isn't the real Jason, which would be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 