welcome to review recapped. today we will be showing you a spanish file and thriller movie named the platform. spoilers ahead. sit back and enjoy. the film begins with a scene of a gourmet meal being expertly prepared, while a voiceover states that there are three types of people, the ones above, the ones below and the ones who fall. an elderly chef walks through a massive kitchen, approving various delicious dishes as he goes. a young man named goring awakens in a concrete prison cell where he is greeted by an older man named trimagassi. trimagassi tells him that they are on level 48 and that they are in the pit. trimagassi wonders what their food will be one goring asks him to elaborate. trimagase states that it will be whatever the ones above leave behind. goring looks through a rectangular hole in the bottom of the cell, revealing countless identical cells below theirs. he sees the same when he looks above. when goring asks how the pit works, trimagase simply tells him that they eat, and that while it is either easy or difficult to do so, depending on where you've been assigned 48 is not that bad of a level. goring asks him how many levels are below them, and trimagassi says there are not many, but that soon there will be less. goring calls out to the ones below them, but trimagassi instructs him not to and says that the ones above won't answer either. goring says he has been in the pit for many months and that they will only remain at level 48 for exactly a month. a platform containing scraps of food then lowers itself through the hole in the ceiling, stopping once it reaches them. trimagassi begins to eat hungrily. boring refuses to eat, disgusted at the thought of having to feast on food that 94 others have already eaten, but finds a perfectly intact apple and tucks it into his pocket, intending to save it for later. after the platform descends, goring points out that the room is growing hotter. trimagassi says that the temperature in the room will continue to rise until they boil alive, unless goring returns the apple he stole, and that the punishment for attempting to keep any of the food is being burned or frozen to death. goring throws the apple back, and the temperature returns to normal. goring offers to tell trauma gassy why he is in the pit in exchange for trimagase's own story. he explains that he plans on quitting smoking, and that he brought a copy of miguel de cervantes don quixote to read, as all inmates are allowed to choose one personal item to bring into the pit with them, leading trimagassi to question if goring admitted himself to the pit voluntarily. goring reveals that he agreed to remain in the pit for six months in exchange for an accredited diploma. trimagassi reveals that he is spending a year in the pit, offended at the fact that he is not receiving a degree. the next day, trimagassi tells his own story. he purchased a samurai max, a highly efficient knife sharpener that he had seen in a television ad before then seeing an ad for the samurai plus a self-sharpening knife. in his frustration at having wasted his money on the samurai max, he threw his tv out his window, crushing and killing a man who was passing by. trying gassy appears to show no remorse for this, on account that the man was an illegal immigrant and therefore shouldn't have been there in the first place. trying to gassy then confides that he doesn't know exactly how many levels there are, but that there are definitely at least 132, having stayed on level 132 before and claiming that no food reaches such low levels. goring doesn't believe trauma gassy could have possibly survived for a month without food, but trimagassi claims he was still able to eat in spite of the platform containing no food. boring wants to try to convince the ones above to ration the food, but trimagassi says it's fruitless. goring then tries to pass the message to those below, but trynagassie unzips his pants and urinates on them as goring watches in disgust. boring shows trimagassi his copy of don quixote before asking what personal item trimagassi chose. trimagase reveals that he brought a samurai plus. boring initially refuses to eat, but he eventually succumbs to hunger and joins tramagassi at the table. one day, a dead body plummets down through the hole. trimagassi explains that many people above commit suicide when they have all their needs mad and have to focus solely on their situation and the things they have done to survive. goring is shocked at trauma gassy's cavalier attitude. he accuses trimagassi of killing and eating his prior cell mate when they were on one of the lower levels. trimagassi denies this and says his cellmate served his term and was released. he says they survived on the lower levels by cannibalizing the corpses that fell from above. one day, a woman is seated upon the table as it descends. trimagassi explains that this woman is named miuru, and is trying to find her young child, who's allegedly held somewhere therein he says that she kills her cellmate every month, theorizing the body that fell may have been her cellmates, in hopes she'll next be paired with her child. she descends on the platform as far as she can go every month in search of her child. when the table descends to level 49, the inmates their attempt to rape her, goring yells at them to stop. mihuru kills the two men and continues her descent. after many days, goring becomes less civil and more like tramagassi. on their last night at level 47, trimagassi admits he's come to light goring, although he doesn't think goring has what it takes to survive his stay. trimagassi says he only has two more months before his time is served. when goring awakens, he finds himself tied down to the bed, with trimagassi standing over him with his knife. they have been moved to level 171. people are screaming upon discovering where they are, and several commit suicide by jumping down the hole. trying, gassy explains that if he hadn't bound goring, goring eventually would have killed him out of hunger, as goring is younger and in better shape. trying, gassy plans to fast for as long as he can slowly mutilate goring so they can both eat his flesh. one goring calls trauma gassy a murder. he says it is the ones above them that have caused this. when the platform descends, not even bones remain on the table for them to eat. after a while, trimagassi begins carving into goring's leg. before trimagassi can complete his mutilation, the platform arrives with miro on it. she wounds trimagassi and freeze goring. now freed, goring kills tramagassi. he and mihuru eat trimagassi before she descends further down on the table. goring begins to hallucinate conversations with trimagassi, who is now part of goring's body, and having sex with miro. goring barely survives. to the end of the month, goring awakens to find a new cellmate name to mogiri, who has a dog with her. they find themselves on level 33. imogiri worked for the administration that runs the pit and the country outside before volunteering to be placed inside. she says that there are 200 levels, and that if everyone ate only what they needed, there would be enough food to reach the bottom. the chefs also prepare the favorite foods of each inmate. emojiri states that the administration hopes that the members of the pit spontaneously come together for the good of all. if the people in the pit can sacrifice for each other, the administration will use that success to convince the people outside to do the same. as the table descends. emo geary asks the inmates below to only eat what they need, but they ignore her. the following weeks, imogiri continues to plead with those on the level below to eat only what they need. they are only persuaded when goring threatens to defecate in the food that said they are unable to persuade those in the levels above their own to ration their food. emojiri believes that goring may be the person who can bring the prisoners together to sacrifice for the come good. one day, mihuru was found deathly ill on the table. the pair treat her, but when meeru awakens, she kills a mogiri's dog. as mirou descends and kills another convict that tries to assault her. imogiri says that meeru's story is bogus. she says that mirou voluntarily entered the pit with no child in exchange for help becoming the asian marilyn monroe to prove she is trustworthy. imogiri reveals she has cancer and signed up simply to try and help those inside. imogieri sinks into depression over the loss of their dog. after reassignment, day, goring find himself on level 202. when he awakens, he sees that a mogiri has hung herself, likely due to learning that the administration lied to her about how deep the pit goes. there are more levels below him as well. goring tries to eat his book. ultimately, he succumbs to cannibalism yet again, devouring a mogiri's corpse. he now hallucinates conversations with imogiri and trimagassi, who are now both a part of him. and the specters proclaim that he is the messiah. the next month, we see that boring awakens on level six with a man named bharat as his new cellmate. bahrat has a rope with him and asks those above to help him climb to the top and out of the pit. the prisoners above mock him and defecate on him. boring, who calculated that there are roughly 250 levels while he was on level 202, proposes that the two descend on the platform and hand out food at each level. he theorizes that if the food makes it to the bottom, they will have beaten the system. if they fail, they can ride the platform back up bahra, being a pious man, agrees to the plan, and they arm themselves for battle. as the pair begin their descent, they beat the other inmates back. they reach a level with a wise man that bahrat knows. the wise men says that the pair must make sure that at least one delicious dish is sent back up the platform uneaten. that uneaten dish will serve as a message to the administration that the pit has been conquered. they choose a panna cotta, a near-perfect dish, to be returned totally uneaten. the pair are successful in forcing the prisoners to conserve the food. as they descend, they reach a floor where mirou is being stabbed by two particularly vicious inmates. boring and bar rod attack and kill the vicious inmates, but not without suffering grievous wounds themselves. meru dies from the stab wounds. as they continue to descend, they mainly find people who are dead or insane on the lower levels. the platform stops at level 333, which they think is the final level. at that level they find minaroo's child. the pair get off the platform, only to be surprised when it descends yet again. they give the panakata to the child and sleep. when goring awakens the next day, he finds bahrain dead from his injuries. the platform reaches their level that day with no food. boring pulls the child onto the platform. goring caresses the child to sleep. the platform finally descends to the very bottom, where light from above is but a pinprick at the bottom. goring again encounters the spirit of trauma gassy, who says that goring's journey is at an end. trauma gassy says that the child is the true message that must be sent back up to the administration. although goring wants to stay with the child, he is coaxed off the platform when trimagassi says that the child must rise alone. in the last scene, we see that the platform begins its ascent to the top. is trimagassy and boring watch tryna gassy assures goring that the child will succeed in delivering the message to the administration, as goring smiles. hope you like the movie. help us to grow by subscribing and turning on the notifications 