hello people. john here from fast films. and today we're covering a 2009 american thriller movie called sorority row. the film begins with a wild party at a sorority house. the girl's going crazy, the couple's getting ravenous at each other, and guys kicking off with the maidens. in all of that mess, five girls gather in a room to drink up shots for their senior year. the leader, jessica, asks claire to bring up the shots, while ellie, chuggs and cassidy gather around. they tell each other's qualities and drink up. during their procession, cassidy asks for megan, and it's known that she's in bed with chug's brother, garrett. jessica turns on her laptop, and all of them start watching their romance. as garrett proceeds to kiss megan, everyone senses that megan isn't moving. suddenly, she starts spitting foam out of her mouth. garrett gets back in fright, and all the girls run up to save their sister. garrett stands there berserk, stating that he simply gave her the pills jessica asked him to. jessica starts giving cpr to megan, while garrett grabs the keys for the car to start it. in the meantime, megan wakes up totally fine. and it's revealed that the girls were doing a prank on the poor guy because he cheated on his already cheating girlfriend. nevertheless, they don't let go of the prank, and they dragged megan's body to the car. inside, everyone plays their role in the prank. while garrett goes hysterical, the girls laugh behind him and carry on the prank, while megan plays dead. at last, they arrive at an isolated place and stop by lake. garrett starts vomiting while the girls drag megan out of the car. they laugh at his situation while deciding how to dismember her body so it doesn't float up the water. meanwhile, megan starts recording everything on her phone. during all of this, only cassidy is concerned about the situation, and she talks with jessica, but she simply remarks that they're doing it because it's funny. unfortunately, their fun transforms into a tragedy as garrett comes with a tire wrench and plunges it down megan's chest. the girls scream in terror, while garrick confirms that there's no air in her lungs. now the girls rush to megan's side as she starts bleeding excessively. garrett gets flabbergasted once he realizes that it was all a sick joke. jessica stands there in horror, watching cassidy trying to stop the bleeding. but it all goes in vain as megan expires. as the tragedy settles on them, jessica presents the idea to leave the body at once, but cassidy disagrees. after that, a heated argument begins between the sisters, as jessica asserts to leave megan here and not let the incident ruin their lives. everyone agrees, except cassidy, who walks away to get a call for reception behind her back. the rest of the girls drag megan to a mine shaft nearby and dump her body down the deep hole. just then cassidy comes back running and stares in horror as jessica tells her that they've dumped the body. after wrapping her with cassidy's coat, the sisters turn against her and plaster the blame of the murder on cassidy. with that being said, everyone returns to the party. eight months later, the whole batch graduates, while cassidy's boyfriend, andy, gives the final speech as valedictorian. afterwards, the whole theta pi sorority group celebrates, but cassidy doesn't join them. later, the scene shifts into the bedroom where andy and cassidy drown in their pleasures. afterwards, he asks her about the theta pie, but cassidy simply refuses to answer it. to make it up to her, he pulls her back to the bed. the camera now flips to the sorority house where the couple walks in with andy's parents. they meet jessica on the way, and after a little argument, she excuses herself. in the meantime, ellie reveals that chugs is busy in an orientation session with the freshmen. and we then witness the overwhelming orientation. nevertheless, the scene shifts to the yard where jessica delivers a final speech of honor, trust, secrecy and solidarity on the behalf of theta pi. in the interim, a girl walks among the crowd, and the girls mistake her for megan, which causes ellie to freak out and faint. later, jessica barges in and states that the girl was megan's sister. just then the girl walks in and introduces herself as maggie. she apologizes to ellie and states that she wants to be a part of theta pie. but jessica simply pushes her out of the kitchen, stating that she can't be part of the sorority this year. she leaves reluctantly in just then jessica's and claire's boyfriends walk in, and they joke around for a moment. jessica sends the boys out to grab the decoration products, when suddenly, every one of them gets a text image of the bloody tire wrench on their phones. the girls freak out, but chug solidifies them by stating that it's just her brother, garrett. she further explains that he has gone psycho after the incident, and he's just messing around. everyone deletes the picture and proceeds on with their regular lives. cassidy calls andy and requests him to be at the party for her, and he politely agrees. the scene then shifts to the sorority house, where the house mother mrs crenshaw gives the farewell speech, while advising them to always do the right thing. at the end of it, she presents each of them a bracelet as a reminder of their sisterhood. upon wrapping it up, she leaves and the girls throw away the cheap bracelets. the scene then shifts to the house where the girls start preparing for the party. meanwhile, claire invites her boyfriend, mickey, into the bathtub, out in the open air. on the other hand, we see chugs going to meet someone named dr rosenberg. she finds the house empty, but upon coming to the bedroom, she locates him being handcuffed to the bed in his undergarments. chugs scoff and proceeds to the bathroom to get prepared. in the interim, dr rosenberg senses someone else in the house as well. he hurriedly takes the handcuffs off and gets up to look for the intruder. suddenly, a black, hooded figure throws a tire wrench towards him, and it plunges into his forehead. in the meantime, chugs calls jess and states that she'll be late to the party afterwards. she gets out and finds the bed empty. sighing and exasperation, she walks to the lounge and sinks on the couch. just as she starts drinking the vodka, someone pushes the glass bottle down her throat and smashes it with the iron wrench until chugs dies agonizingly. in the meantime, jessica goes to dinner with kyle's father, who's a senator. he starts judging jessica whether she's beneficial for kyle or not. jessica assures she'll always be careful, and just then kyle arrives and they start to talk normally. on the other hand, ellie walks to the basement, while cassidy discusses the situation with jessica. she replies indifferently and proceeds to take a shower. the camera then pans to the girls area where claire takes a bath, and suddenly senses someone. luckily, it turns out to be a junior who gets bumped by jessica for using the senior bathroom. on the other hand, another junior observes them and silently slides back into her cabin. unfortunately, claire suddenly discusses megan's death, and the junior overhears it. the ladies leave the area, but the junior gets attacked by the hooded serial killer, and she dies brutally with the custom iron wrench. back at the house, ellie walks in the basement to look for the vodka when she suddenly notices cassidy's bloodied coat hanging on a hook. she almost freaks out, and suddenly kyle appears behind her and asks what is wrong. ellie doesn't answer and leaves immediately to explain the situation to all her girls. ellie whimpers in fright, while everyone else deduces a logical reasoning behind it. at the end, it all comes down to garrett, and they blame the prank on him. the situation with theta pie gets tense while the party at the house rocks on. people go crazy under the overwhelming alcohol and jump into the extravagant, overflowing bubble bath. on the other hand, andy and cassidy discuss leaving the party at once. in the meantime, claire gets annoyed by mickey hitting on her, and they break up. as claire walks away in anger, mickey proceeds to smash the other girls, but everyone rejects him. he walks out to find ellie sitting alone in melancholy. and he tries his attempt on her, but gets rejected as well. he tries his luck with the other two, but gets rejected as well. ellie catches him hitting on various women, and he proceeds to apologize to her. on the other hand, cassidy comforts claire by stating that mickey wasn't worth it. as they talk, we witness mickey walking to the upper floor to apologize to ellie, but he comes face to face with the hooded killer. the creep lacerates mickey's leg, and his bones start to pop. he crawls to the window and cries for help, but the drunk guys beneath don't understand him. with no choice left, mickey dashes to a shaft in order to plummet down to safety. but the killer throws the iron wrench at him and pierces him through the wall, hanging upside down. mickey dies, and ellie watches the whole incident in sheer horror. in the meantime, everyone in the house hears ellie's screams. cassidy and claire run to her, while kyle and jessica watch her running through the crowd shrieking in terror. kyle warns jessica to take care of her, and the girls gather around ellie, but due to the shock, she stutters and can't manage to utter a single word. jessica gets agitated and leaves with cassidy to check the top floor, while claire stays behind with ellie. upstairs, they find mickey's hanging corpse. and suddenly, all of them receive the video clip from megan's phone and a threatening text stating to meet at the same place, otherwise the clip will be sent to the police. the girls get hysterical, and jessica runs down to the street to get the car downstairs. cassidy meets andy and excuses herself after giving him a kiss. meanwhile, jessica blares the horn for all of them. once everyone gets inside, jessica drives away dangerously, but they get stopped midway by maggie, who stands dead right in front of the car. jessica gets out in anguish, but maggie roasts the [ __ ] out of her and walks away, still infuriated. jessica drives to the lake where they expected garrett to be the one pulling the joke. once on the late they take out a flare gun from the back of the car and suddenly come face to face with garrett. claire points the gun at him, but he just stands there crying. with his wrists bleeding out. he starts whining hysterically, when suddenly jessica hits him with the car. garrett gets back up, but jessica finally runs him down and puts an end to his life. as the rest of the girls cry at his death, jessica stands firm and glad that he won't be sending any more clips. but the real paradox hits them as they see garrett's phone and find out that he's been receiving the exact same texts as them during all this. ellie freaks out and states that it must be megan who's alive. now, with no other choice left, cassidy goes down the mine shaft to check if megan is still there. midway, the chain breaks and she falls down the mine shaft. unfortunately, megan is nowhere to be found. but instead, cassidy finds a bloodied writing on the stone stating theta pie must die afterwards, the girls return to the sorority house to find it completely trashed up. jessica insists upon finding kyle and proceeds inside, while claire takes the flare gun and goes to shut off the bubble bath. on the other hand, jessica runs in the empty house, looking for kyle, while cassidy and ellie follow her. in the meantime, claire finds a pipe running through the bubble bath, and she starts to follow it to turn it off, but she steps in a nook back inside. ellie starts to lose herself again due to the gravity of the situation. suddenly, they get a text from chugs stating that she's dead. just then the door starts to bang, and claire appears, pleading with them to save her. the girls try to open the door for their sister, but the tragedy occurs, and she gets pulled into the bubble bath where the hooded killer puts an end to her life. cassidy runs after her and finds a flare in her mouth, blistering her whole face. scared to death, cassidy runs back inside, and jessica proceeds to look for kyle, but finds maggie lying in her bed, as she states that it's the revenge from jessica for sleeping with megan's boyfriend. jessica starts hitting her. they both get into a fight, and the girls run up just in time to pull them apart. ellie cries out that megan is here to kill them, and they send someone around the corner of the hallway. jessica pulls out an axe and reaches the corner, but it turns out to be mrs crenshaw, who hits jessica right up the nose with her shotgun. as she bleeds, jessica suddenly spits out the truth about megan's death. upon hearing that, maggie gets hysterical and charges madly, but everyone quiets her down. in the interim, mrs crenshaw pushes them into a room and runs around to hunt for the killer in the kitchen area, but the guy kills her with the iron wrench. on the other hand, maggie goes to the living room to look for her sister, but gets attacked by the killer as well, who throws a molotov and lights up the whole place on fire. during this, cassidy and jessica run to the upper floor to get mickey's cell phone and get in a fight with kyle. both the girls manage to tumble him down and run to another room. kyle follows them inside, while cassidy hides in the bathroom. suddenly she shrieks out after finding megan's discarded corpse hanging in the bathtub outside. kyle hits jessica and is about to kill cassidy when andy comes just in time to save her and kills kyle. suddenly, reality hits the girls as they find the iron wrench in andy's pocket, and it's finally revealed that he's the serial killer. he then explains that he did everything for cassidy, and he knew from the start ellie told him, and he did all of this to save the secret from spilling out. with that being said, he kills jessica with the wrench and requests cassidy to accompany him and kill ellie. she silently agrees, and they part ways to look for her. but as soon as cassidy locates ellie, she immediately asks her to make a run for it, but andy comes in their way and attacks his own girlfriend. luckily, cassidy manages to break free and comes across maggie, who's trapped in the fire circle. as she's trying to make her go free, andy emerges there as well and tries to kill maggie with the iron wrench. the fight goes on, and he manages to hit cassidy in such a way that she gets trapped in the floorboards. she pleads for mercy as he advances, but ellie comes just in time to save her and shoots andy in the chest with the shotgun. the floorboards break beneath him, and the guy tumbles in the burning fire. with that, ellie saves both of them, and they walk outside where the rescue services arrive. and that puts an end to the movie. thanks for watching, guys, 