welcome to the man of recaps. this is the mandalorian, episode 2. another great episode. I love the vibe in this show. it's shaping up to be a potential favorite. so if you're not watching it yet, get it now, only on Disney Plus. so the Mandalorian rescued his bounty, the baby Yoda, last episode, and it is unbearably cute. it follows him around in this little floating space stroller. and, yeah, plush baby Yoda's topping everyone's Christmas list. some bad guys attack, and boom, little fight scene. Mandalorian pulls out his big rifle, and it's a disintegration gun. that's famously what Darth Vader said to Boba Fett in the originals, no disintegrations. but now I'm sitting here like, yeah, give me more disintegrations. back at a ship, it's a new problem. it's some Jawas you might remember these guys from original Star Wars. they're that desert scavengers. and Mandalorian parked his car in the wrong neighborhood cuz they've scavenged all his hubcaps. so Mandalorian starts blacks tanam chases them right off. unfortunately, they already loaded up most of his ship parts. so he's got to chase down their garbage truck. there's a big action sequence where he's hanging on, trying to climb up and get in there. baby Yoda's crib was set to auto follow him, which is kind of hilarious. but in the end, they zap him, and after all that work, he's failed. so yeah, his ship is totally out of commission. he goes back to his old friend, the I have spoken guy. he speaks Java, so he's happy to mediate trying to get Mandalorian his ship back. negotiations get a little he did. but in the end he has nothing else of value to give him, so he agrees to go on a quest forum. they really want some sort of egg. what animal lives in this cave? it's a giant woolly rhinoceros. the fight is not going very well. Mandalorians getting tossed around. in the end, he's out at tricks, rhinos charging him, and he just pulls out his little knife. what's that gonna do? bro? it's huge. but right before it kills him, what's baby yoda doing? oh, he's using the Force to float woolly rhino tank. fiora so small, but he's already super strong in the force. Mandalorian stabs it, and, oh yeah, it takes it down. I guess that little knife was pretty effective. so baby Otis saved his life. and all the little guys all tuckered out some. and Lorien comes back with the egg. why is it so valuable to these Jawas? is it perhaps a religious symbol? or maybe helpful in building some technology? nope, it's just brunch. not even gonna cook it. just palm in the yolk. ja waz man some and DeLoreans got a ship parts back. and with the help of I have spoken guy, who's, I guess, a great mechanic, they fix it right up. it's like, hey, man, you helped me a lot. can I like, pay you or something? but he's like, no, no. you brought peace to my Valley. that's all I want. so I have spoken guy finishes speaking, and Mandalorian flies off into the sunset. there was some concern that maybe Yoda tuckered himself out too much. but luckily, at the end, he's waking up. he's gonna be fine. and that's how Episode two comes to an end. [Music], 