hi. movie express here. today i am going to explain you a movie called jailbait. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. the movie starts with anna. she was playing a guitar. then her stepfather enters her room. he starts to sexually abuse her. anna kicks him to save herself. then he crashes with a sharp thing. his neck starts bleeding very much, and he dies. after some time, police arrests anna. next day, she was taken to the court. there, anna tells that she was trying to defend herself because her stepfather was trying to rape her. anna's mother was also present at the court. she says against anna, that robert was a good person, and whatever anna is saying is a lie. so court decides to lock anna in the prison for four years. there all the prisoners were divided into two groups, white group and black group. white group's leader name was corey, and the black group's leader name was joey. the name of the jailer was frank, and he tells all the rules to the prisoners. anna was kept with a girl named jenny in the prison. jenny didn't speak much, and she stays alone most of the time. but when she sees anna, she was attracted towards her. next day, when all the prisoners were taken to the compound, corey, who is the leader of the white group, asks anna to join her group. but anna refuses her. corey says, it will not work like that. you don't know anything about the prison. you have to choose a group, otherwise you can't stay here for long time. anna says, i don't want anybody's help. i just want to live alone. after anna's refusal, corey fells anger on anna. she thinks that anna has insulted her by not listening. afterwards, corey beats anna with the girls of her team. when anna comes to jenny, jenny kisses her on the pretext of showing sympathy, due to which even anna is unable to control herself and gets intimate with her. joey's eyes were also towards anna, and she starts quarreling with her. now anna had understand that she can't survive here without a group, and she joins corey's group to take revenge with anna. corey provoked anna to fight with joey. corey was recording all of that, and the police arrives after some time, they make anna naked and send her into an empty room. next day, frank says to her that if you want to get out from there, you have to make physical relationship with me. anna agrees to him, and frank take advantage of her. after that, anna comes to jenny. jenny gives her drug and makes physical relation with her. next day, when joey comes to take revenge with anna, corey's group also appears there, and a fight begins between two groups. again, frank blames anna for that. and by blackmailing her, he again makes physical relationship with her. anna comes back and blames jenny for that. jenny says, stay far from me. at the same time, anna mistakenly cuts jenny's lips. and when guards comes to check all the prisoners, they find the jenny's wounded lips. and again takes anna to frank. but this time frank doesn't do anything to her because anna ruins his mode by saying that he rapes her. but before letting anna go, he says, whatever is happening within us is not called rape. if you want to know what rape is, i can send you to a place where you will find out. listening to frank's word, anna fels angry. then she comes to corey and ask her for drugs. corey says to her that you should buy it yourself from now on. i can't give you every time. anna takes corey words in wrong way. then she says, i want to live alone. i don't want to live with you guys listening to anna. corey feels bad. then she kicks anna from her group. she goes to a group where she can always take drugs. anna says to them, i also want an injection. after taking the injection, she gets drunk. seeing anna like that, corey feels worried about her. she goes to anna and tries to convince her, but anna doesn't listen to corey. now the black group girls find out that anna is no more in cory's group. then they take advantage of it and beat anna badly. after that, anna starts to take more drugs than before. and one day, when anna comes to take drugs, corey informs the officers about it. when anna sees the officer, she starts to scream and tries to run from there. frank feels angry. he makes her nude and keeps her in that cold room for many days. anna feels irritated and tries to commit suicide. anna was kept in the jail's hospital. there were many patients who were suffering due to taking drugs. seeing them, anna understands that she is doing a big mistake by taking drugs. she decides to avoid drugs. then she meets with her mom. her mom says that i have done a big mistake. please forgive me. i shouldn't have told lie to the court. now she wants to take anna out of the jail. after meeting her mother, she returns to the jail, and frank calls her in his office, and he asks her about her health condition. anna says, whatever you want, you can do with my body, but you need to keep me safe from other prisoners. listening to anna's word, he says, i will think about it when anna comes back. corey finds out that anna has teamed up with frank. felling anger, she cuts anna's face. after that, anna understands that no one is going to help her. then she goes to the nurse and says all the bad things happening with her. nurse says to anna that she will help her. her sister husband work for the governor, so you don't need to be scared from frank anymore. anna feels motivated that she will get justice. but frank listens anna and the nurse talking through the cctv and kills the nurse by the help of a prisoner. then he rapes anna again. one day, when anna was on her cell she gets a letter. it was written that she has to go to the court for her bail. after some days, anna decides that when officers will come to the prison at the time of the bail, she will tell everything that frank has done to her. then she goes to corey and asks her phone. frank calls anna again. she was recording everything. and when officer comes, anna showed the clip of frank to them. after that, frank gets arrested. and officers say sorry to anna, because she had to suffer a lot. due to her courage. they approve her bail, and the movie ends. [Music]. you 