listen, we watch a lot of movies over here on LME, so it's easy to catch a lot of the same stories, a lot of similarities. but my cartoons self-doubt for a good two months at these two or this same day, a movie. turns out that one's the story of an outcast kid who rescues a dog in the middle of nowhere, while the other is about an outcast kid who rescues a dog in the middle of nowhere, but it's a robot. I'll give this one a streamit. while the other one earned its junior price mainly because of the IMAX. even though both stories are very forgettable. let me explain. starting off with Axl, it says 4 attack explorations logistics. and it's pretty much this program where they've created these robotic Alexa dogs that I guess do what Jimmy neutrons dog was supposed to do, what? escapes and runs into Taylor Kitsch 2.0, who's pretty much reliving that Disney Channel original movie, Florida cross, except nobody likes some and like an alpha he runs into the dog in the middle of nowhere. it attacks some dog, gets her and befriends it. and then he introduces it to his friend Carly. great problem is that the government is also looking for this dog, so were his bullies. and I don't know about you guys, though, when I used to go to parties, I was just happy they were serving chips. motocross kids got hot, damn flamethrowers. one of them actually tries to burn Axl. so the dog turns into Cujo and takes him out, opps then come in. so Axl commit suicide to Black Hawk Down that copter. tech Creator gets arrested. Axl magically lives on in an OS thumb drive. and the end the movie on a sequel cliffhanger, even even though no one's gonna watch this like it's gonna end up in the Walmart parking. now, I thought this had some of the best 3d I've seen in a long time. I don't even like seeing movies in 3d. they always give me a headache or the screen is too dark. but this one actually worked. story is pretty much the revenant meets this movie I literally just explained. but it looked and sounded really cool in IMAX. and now that it's not in IMAX, I don't know the point Jodee smit-mcphee previously appropriated blue people. and since, you know, there's no indigenous actors that exist at all, my man stepped up to the plate and got this role. home he's got the ugg boots on. everyone in the movie is speaking in a different language to make it authentic. turns out it was actually really authentic. but the problem is that, even though he's the tribe leaders son, kids worse than the good dinosaur when it comes to the basics, right? he ends up getting lost. and the whole movie is him trying to survive in his own when he runs into a dog in the middle of nowhere, it attacks him. dog gets her, and he befriends it. the rest of it is just him needing Carmack's as they barely make it back to the village, when it's revealed that alpha was actually pregnant the whole time. and she gives birth. and for some reason, some lady in my theater actually thought it was the boys. and because of that, I had to make this video, because that was the hot damn funniest thing I've heard all year. thank you guys for checking out this video. super quick when I promise I'll make it up by uploading a couple more in one day. but axel, I'm telling you this forgettable as it can be, alpha didn't do anything crazy that was new. but it did look really cool in IMAX. if you can't see it in IMAX, I don't get the point of it. you know, like it was all about the sound design and how it looked in 3d. which, you know, if I'm saying something looks good in 3d, then you know it must be fantastic. but I know some people hate that movie because of the PETA thing that went on. but, I mean, sure his making any more money. I'm here to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you an ultra HD of Mordor crossed. 