[Music]. in 1996 in Brantford, New Hampshire, teenager Alex freak receives the Jumanji board game, which was found by his father on a beach after was thrown over a bridge by Alan Parrish and Sarah Whittle 27 years earlier. Alex sets the game aside. that night, it transforms into a video game cartridge, which catches Alex's attention when he's awakened by the Jumanji drums, and he is transported into the game. 20 years later, in 2016, for Brantford high school students serve detention. Spenser Gilpin, caught writing an essay for former friend, Anthony. fridge Johnson, also in detention, Bethany Walker, who made a video call during an English class quiz, and Martha Copley, who refused to participate in gym class. they are sent to the school basement to prepare magazines for recycling and to think about their future. fridge discovers Alex's discarded video game system when he explores the basement, and he and Spencer set up the game. although it has five playable characters, the first one cannot be selected. Spencer and fridge choose two characters, and the girls choose their own. when Spencer presses start, they are transported into the game. they land in the jungle in the forms of their game avatars. Spencer is tough, muscular Explorer and archaeologist. smolder, brave stone fridge is zoologist Franklin, Mouse Finbar, who he chose after miss reading Mouse as mooss. Bethany is chubby male cartographer and intellectual. Sheldon Shelley Oberon, whose nickname she mistook for a woman's. and Martha is beautiful commando and martial arts expert. Ruby roundhouse. they each have three lives in the game. Spencer deduces that if they lose all three, they are dead for real, and tend not escape the game. they learn the game's story from NPC. nigel, corrupt archaeologist russell van pelt stole the Jaguars eye a magic jewel from its shrine, cursing Jumanji. Nigel escaped Van Pelt with the jewel, and the players must return it to a Jaguar statue and yell Jumanji to lift the curse. nigel warns them that Van Pelt will stop at nothing to retrieve the jewel, which gives him control of Jumanji animals. they begin tackling the game's increasingly difficult levels, losing lives as they do so the four are rescued by Alex, the missing 5th player, who is avatars pilot, Jefferson, seaplane McDonagh, taking shelter in a jungle house built by Alan. Alex believes that he has been in the game for a few months, and his distressed to learn that it is really 20 years. the newcomers vow to help him return home. they break into a transportation shed, commandeering a helicopter to fly to the Jaguar statue and return the jewel. but fridge drops the jewel into a herd of white rhinoceros. Spencer uses one of fridges lives pushing him out of the helicopter as a distraction, and retrieved the jewel. Alex loses his last life when a mosquito bites him, but Bethenny performs CPR and transfers one of her lives to him. at the statue, the players are surrounded by a pack of Jaguars and Van Pelt's forces. they outmaneuver their opposition, while Spencer and Martha race to the statue, van Pelt confronts Martha, chapt in a pit of mompos and demands the jewel. but she sacrifices one of her lives to respawn and get a dispenser with the players on their last lives. they end the game with Van Pelt disintegrating you to a bunch of rats and return to the real world. Nigel bids them farewell, but Alex does not appear with them. they find Alex's formerly dilapidated home restored and decorated for Christmas family gathering and a doll. Alex arrives, returning to where he left off in 1996, now married with children. he named his eldest daughter after Bethany out of gratitude for saving his life, and introduces them to his infant son, hey Andy. Spencer and fridge reconcile. Bethany begins caring for others than herself and plans a summer backpacking adventure. Martha and Spencer become romantically involved. on the four are now friends after their experiences in the game. when they hear Jumanji drum beats, they bring the game behind the school, and fridge destroys it with a bowling ball to prevent anyone from flying it again. [Music], 