[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a fantasy action film along with the gods last 49 days. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. in hell, one can receive a paragon status not only by living a good life, but also by dying unjustly or prematurely. in the previous episode, the guardians, leader, handsome and cutie, visited the living world, took the sacrificed firefighter kim, to pass the seven trials in hell and finally have sent him to reincarnation. now leader brings kim's brother, his 49th paragon, to the hell of filial piety. defeating numerous underworld soldiers, they finally get to meet the king of afterlife. but king refuses to try brother, for he is a vengeful spirit. after rounds of leaders please and bargains, king agrees to try brother, with a prerequisite. the guardians must reap an elderly grandfather who has overstayed his time in the living world. the grandpa and his grandson are protected by a household god. king has sent grim reapers year after year to perform the mission, but all of them are turned back by the household god. moreover, the household god has appeared as the muscular guy, strong to take care of the grandpa and grandson. king adds that brother will be qualified as a paragon only when they are able to prove he is faultless or his death is unnatural. so the trio splits up their work. handsome and cutie go to grandpa's house to smash the incense burner of strong, while leader escorts brother through his trials in the human world. handsome and cutie put up a fight with strong, but lose to him. later it is revealed that strong was a royal painter, and he was even their guardian back then when handsome and cutie were escorted to hell. as a result. strong knows inside out about their lives and deaths. noting that neither of them remembers him, strong lets out a sigh. he shares with them the reason why he protects this family. it is all due to his love and concern for the young orphan grandson. strong promises that he will let them bring grandpa to hell. once grandson is enrolled in school. cutie and handsome return to health and report everything to leader. in order to prevent any unforeseen change. leader orders his two assistants to eliminate strong as soon as possible. after cutie and hansen take their leave, leader sets brother up as bait to get a quick ride from the sea monster to the hell of imbalance, back to the living world. cutie and handsome discover that strong cannot raise a finger at humans. as such, he has no power to stop the lone sharks who come to disturb the family. in the chaos, frog gets into contact with smelly man and faints right away. handsome takes this opportunity to offer help in exchange for information about the two's past, putting the safety of the grandpa and grandson first, strong agrees with it. in the blink of an eye, hansen has beaten all the lone sharks to the ground. strong, then fulfills his promise by disclosing their past. handsome used to be a great general, and the mere mention of his name would scare enemies out of the way. he was also known colloquially as the white fur general. a mere imagination of his awe-inspiring appearance, handsome is shrilled, and even his character changes as they get closer. cutie and handsome find out that strong has invested all the house demolition, payments into the stock market. in order to secure proper education and good care for grandson, they turn to an orphanage. this proves difficult, as the admission requires approval from the boy's father. but the father had long run away from gambling debts. handsome cutie and strong hence leave the orphanage disappointed. at this time, strong reveals more about cutie's previous life. back then, cutie set up a safe house in the midst of the mountains to protect and care for a number of orphans. she took great care of all of them until she died at the age of 18. back to the trials. leader and brother moved from hell of indolence to hell of violence. but quarrel again breaks out between the two. to win over the troublemaking soul who does not see any point in reincarnation, leader unfolds his painful past. leader's father was an accomplished general. once during a war, his father had adopted a boy whose parents had passed away. the father took care of the boy and taught him well. leader did not understand why his father spent so much time and effort on the orphan and he often bullied the adopted younger brother. the boy's skills gradually improved until one day he easily overpowered leader. but the jealous leader cannot accept the fact that he lost to an outsider. intrigued by such a story, brother willingly follows leader to the hell of filial piety. but when they cross the desert, the ghouls appear in the most fearful images. due to brothers hallucination, at once, the two are besieged and attacked by various kinds of dinosaurs. even so, brother cannot stop his hallucination. in the end, leader and brother are swallowed by a gigantic black dragon emerged from underground. while chatting inside the stomach of the black dragon, brother manages to find out more about leaders past life. leader painfully recalls that his father loved the adopted brother much more and even secretly entrusted the war to him. the battle was a failure, and only the brothers survived. his father and the fifty thousand soldiers all died. later, was then made as the next general to lead the army. right then he sent the younger brother to the frontier as a form of punishment. the black dragon spits out leader and brother. as they reach the hell of betrayal, brother is not aware that he was buried alive by his trusted army buddies. so along the way, leader gives many hints to prepare him for the inconvenient truth. but when they are at the hell of injustice, brother prefers taking the punishment to believing that he was killed deliberately. in order to support his statement, leader requests to call up junior as the witness. unfortunately, before junior gives a full account, time for junior stay in hell runs out, resulting in his death. since no clear proof is provided, god of injustice cannot issue any ruling, so he releases brother as suggested by leader. brother, in turn, cannot forgive leader for causing junior's death. while in a living world, they are getting some special assistance funds for grandpa. however, grandpa is too honest to pass the qualification interview. knowing their tough circumstances, the officer advises them to send grandson overseas for adoption. this way, even after grandpa passes away, grandson will be in good hands. however, grandpa strongly objects to the plan. the issue also sparks off conflicting views from handsome and strong. in their fierce argument, cuny hears pieces about her past that is entangled with handsome. back then the exile, cutie was captured by general handsome, handsome spared her life, feeling pity for her and the orphans she looked after. since then, hansen helped them out in many ways. soon he realized the orphan's parents were actually enemies, slaughtered by him in war. resolute to make amends, he secretly shipped military food supply to them and sent a false report to his superior as far as she knows, cutie cannot forgive handsome so easily. she bursts into anger, holding to the grudges that her parents were killed by handsome. strong's application to become grandson's guardian is approved by the government. before they can celebrate, they are faced with the demolition officers. sensing that troubles are underway, they rush back to the house immediately. as expected, the officers destroy many things in the house and shove grandpa to the ground. worse still, they smash the incense holder of the house, god strong, into pieces. strong is therefore weakened in power as the incense holder is broken. before strong vanishes. he tells handsome and cutie what he knows about their human life. at that time, when military supply was already lacking due to the endless wars, hansom continued to support the orphans with food. his unfaithfulness was finally exposed to his superior. the superior personally came to capture handsome and punish him. handsome endured and overcame the painful attacks by wolves and ran to rescue cutie. he confessed to cutie he killed her parents, and cutie forgave him moments later. however, strong passes away without finishing the story. when grandson wakes up to find strong missing, he flees the house with tears. handsome intends to follow grandson, but he is distracted by grandson's notebook. combining the messages written in the notebook and strong's last reminder to them, he realizes that the superior who put him to death is nobody else but the leader. such a shocking truth has driven both handsome and cutie mad back to the trials. leader has brought brother to the hell of violence. in the face of the prosecutor's accusation, leader requests to withhold the judgment using his own reincarnation as the bargaining chip. as if it is not shocking enough, leader requires to have the lieutenant and king to be the witnesses of the next court hell of murder. on their journey to the hell of murder, brother presses to know the entire story of leader's life. it turns out the adopted brother he drove away is handsome. when the jealous leader discovered that handsome had committed treason by feeding the descendants of their enemies, he could not wait to kill him. at the execution, cutie stabbed leader with a knife. leader retaliated by killing cutie, but succumbed to his own deadly wounds in his dying breaths. king approached leader and offered him a chance of redemption, that is, to become a grim reaper, to work together with handsome and cutie to help 49 souls reincarnate over the period of a thousand years. however, while handsome and cutie's memories are erased, leaders memory would be kept intact. only when he accomplishes the millennium task, his memories will be cleared to enter the reincarnation. brother now realizes that the trial is not only for himself, but also for the leader. cutie wants to confirm with leader if what she heard of is true, but tears run down her face. she manages to regain her composure and updates leader about strong's death. leader quickly leads brother to the hell of violence, where lieutenant is seated in court as a witness to put down the prosecutor's accusation. leader confesses his own sins of killing the innocent adopted brother, handsome and cutie. moreover, he covered up the fact that his father was still alive. fearing that his adopted brother would assume the position of general, leader walked away without saving his badly injured father. as a result, his father was left unattended to die. in the end, over the long stretch of a thousand years, leader is drowned in grief and regret, without any chance to be forgiven. but lieutenant still has a chance if he admits his wrongs. so under leaders persistent confrontation and persuasion, lieutenant truly repents and receives forgiveness from brother. thanks to the lieutenant statement, brother is proven innocent. the last trial softens leaders calloused heart, leading him to forsake his reckless behavior and attitude. with a renewed mindset, leader now gives more time to grandpa to continue taking care of grandson, and even apologizes to his two assistants. right now, their next paragon, junior, is wandering at the entrance in the living world. the stock market sees a revival and surge, such that strong's investment finally makes great returns for the family. the portal of reincarnation. brother accepts the king's offer to serve the underworld. but little does he know that king is actually the leader's deceased father. back to the devastated battlefield, the esteemed general was chosen to take over the job of afterlife king. watching what his son had done, he decided to correct his wrongs. so he tearfully accepted the offer, with one condition, making his appearance changed before seeing his two sons in hell as planned. everything finally falls back on the right track. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 