[Music]. welcome to slash forward into puppet masters, a legacy. let's get to it. we start back at the bodega bay in where a woman in a smoky room is talking about seeking out two loans, secrets, jerking us back in time to explore the history of the master. unfortunately, unlike the prior installments, the story is told almost exclusively through clips from the prior movies. in despoil ation of her plans to loans, new giant Diaries spontaneously bursts into flames, require her to move on to Phase two, holding mr. Hertz at gunpoint and demanding the secrets. mr. Hertz, we come to find his Peter from the third movie. having lived a hard life of escaping from and murdering Nazis, he's not easily intimidated. he acknowledges that he knows the secret. but that's not as easy as just handing it over. you gotta feel it. McClaren tries to help him feel it by pistol whipping the secret out of him. he manages to produce the tape he hopes will be helpful, and stretches our credulity as we find it narrating toulon story of his own past from the prior movie in which he was talking to his puppets with no tape recorder anywhere to be seen. the entire prior movie is thusly summarized by presenting an opening and closing shot. he was about right back at the shop. Hertz tries to offer McLain the juice and get her to piss off, but she's extremely experienced in her puppet master lore and knows that no one has been able to ascertain the core element of the concoction. so not good enough to expound on two long struggle as well. we visit some old favorites and spend quite a bit of time within the third movie. [Applause], join us and I will happen. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. afterward, Hertz attempts to sidetrack her by giving a bum account of how he came to find to LAN in the US. and suggest how she may be able to find him as well. in retaliation for his Liars tongue, she shoots him without warning and informs him of her awareness of his suicide. she questions his explanation of two loans motives and Tenderheart, pointing out the malevolence of the puppets. and they all died, screaming, you know, that hurts. produces another reel to reel to help provide some context. this one involves Rick. luckily, they recast the fourth movie in the fifth one, so they're able to just show that here. this comes as no surprise to her, however, as she confirms the diary she acquired actually came from Rick, and that she pumped for slugs into him as a parting gift. she then somehow is able to provide detailed info about McGrew, a time Lane it seems no one should know much about. we finally get a bit of turnabout as pinhead throws a hammer at her back, injuring her head. it hurts, wastes no time shooting her. this leads to the big twist, which is that the puppets brought Toulon to life. and her goal wasn't to steal the serum, but to figure out how to kill him for good. she was sent by the retro puppets suffering the banality of an immortal existence. she's to help them end their suffering and stop the new puppet master hurts, he responds by shooting the cameraman. and that's the end of puppet master of the clip show. we're now one film away from completing the initial etiology. I hope you enjoyed the video. thanks for watching. [Music]. 