Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2015 Australian post-apocalyptic action film called 'Mad Max: Fury Road'. The film is co-written, co-produced, and directed by George Miller. Mad Max Fury Road is set in a post-apocalyptic desert wasteland where petrol and water are precious commodities. It follows Max Rockatansky, who teams up with Imperator Furiosa to run from cult leader Immortan Joe and his troops in an armoured tanker truck, resulting in a protracted road war. Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Following a societal collapse caused by conflic following a lack of resources, a survivor called Max Rockatansky is caught and transported to Immortan Joe's Citadel by the War Boys, an army headed by Joe. Max is imprisoned and used as a 'blood bag' for Nux, a psychotic War Boy. Meanwhile, one of Joe's lieutenants, Imperator Furiosa, is dispatched in her armoured 'War Rig' to collect gasoline and munitions. When Joe realises that his five wives are leaving with her, he leads his army after Furiosa, enlisting the help of neighbouring Gas Town and the Bullet Farm. With Max attached to his automobile, Nux joins the chase, and a confrontation between the War Rig and Joe's soldiers follows. Furiosa drives through a sandstorm, escaping her pursuers, with the exception of Nux, who seeks to sacrifice himself in order to destroy the Rig. Max manages to flee and hold Nux, but the automobile is damaged. Max discovers Furiosa rebuilding the Rig after the storm, surrounded by the wives: Capable, Cheedo, Toast, the Dag, and the Splendid Angharad, the latter of whom is pregnant with Joe's kid. Max takes the Rig but grudgingly agrees to bring Furiosa and the women with him. Nux boards the Rig as it departs and attempts to murder Furiosa, but is defeated and thrown overboard, where he is picked up by Joe's troops. Furiosa travels across a gorge held by a biker gang, having negotiated a bargain for safe passage. When the gang discovers Joe's army approaching, they turn on her, forcing her and the group to leave, while the bikers destroy the canyon walls to stop Joe. As Joe's vehicle breaks past the roadblock, Max and Furiosa fend off the pursuing motorcyclists. Joe catches up with the War Rig, allowing Nux to board with the intention of assaulting Furiosa again; however, he fails, to to Joe's dismay. As the Rig flees, Angharad slips off while attempting to assist Max and is tragically struck by Joe's automobile. Furiosa informs Max that they are leaving for the 'Green Place,' a beautiful location she recalls from her childhood. Capable discovers Nux hiding in the Rig and soothes him as he bemoans his failure. Furiosa and Max use mines to delay Joe's soldiers, but Joe's buddy, the Bullet Farmer, pursues them. Max departs to confront Furiosa and his soldiers after Furiosa shoots the Bullet Farmer, returning with firearms and ammo. During the battle, Nux emerges from concealment to assist in the rescue of the imprisoned Rig and joins the crew. After driving the War Rig through swampland and desert for the night, the team stumbles upon a fascinating woman. Furiosa approaches her and tells her about her family history and clan allegiance. The lady gathers her clan, the Vuvalini, who identify Furiosa as a child who was abducted. Furiosa is saddened to discover that the swampland they went through was, in fact, the Green Place, which is now inhospitable. The gang then intends to bike over vast salt plains in search of a new home. Max persuades them to return to the undefended Citadel, which has plenty of water and vegetation, and to trap Joe and his army in the bikers' canyon after having visions of a kid he failed to save. The gang returns to the Citadel and engages Joe's soldiers, killing several Vuvalini and many of Joe's forces and badly injuring Furiosa. Joe parks his automobile in front of the War Rig in order to slow it down, as Max battles Joe's gigantic adult son, Rictus Erectus. Joe kidnaps Toast, who distracts him long enough for Furiosa to murder him. Nux makes the ultimate sacrifice by damaging the Rig, killing Rictus, and closing the canyon, allowing the gang to flee in Joe's vehicle. Max saves Furiosa's life by donating his blood. When the news of Joe's death arrives at the Citadel, the people cheer. The audience applauds Furiosa, the wives, and the Vuvalini, and the surviving War Boys greet them. Before he goes, Max and Furiosa exchange a glance. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 