welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, definition and this episode we're breaking down the jordan peel movie us. the film came hot off the heels of peel's best picture nominee, get out. and though it didn't quite achieve the acclaim of its predecessor, there's still a lot to talk about in regards to it. the movie is filled to the brim with little easter eggs and hidden details that really make it an interesting watch. throughout this video, we'll be going through the ins and outs of the film, including all of its meanings and messages. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the film yet and don't want anything ruined, then i highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and if you enjoy it, then please drop a thumbs up. without the way. thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of us. okay. so us follows adelaide wilson, a woman who goes on vacation with a family to their holiday home in santa cruz. upon arriving there, adelaide becomes haunted by a memory in which a doppelganger attacked her in a fun house when she was a child. she initially just seems paranoid, but her worst fears are realized when a duplicate of her family attacks them in the home at night. these are the tethered. and slowly, the copies of humanity have started an uprising. they are led by the copy of adelaide, known as red, and she becomes the main antagonist of the film. the family fight to survive, and eventually, the youngest of the group, jason, is kidnapped by red. adelaide descends into a secret door hidden within the fun house, and she finds the home of the tethered below it, here, she kills red and rescues jason. but it's revealed in the end that adelaide was actually the original doppelganger, and that she switched places with red, taking her life in the process. that's a basic plot summary, just in case you haven't seen it. but there's quite a lot going on in the movie. now, before going through everything, we need to discuss the significance of the number 11, which appears throughout the film at several points. this is actually a reference to jeremiah, chapter and verse 11, 11, from the king james bible. and in that the following passage can be found. therefore, thus saith the lord, behold, i will bring evil upon them which they shall not be able to escape. and though they shall cry unto me, i will not hearken unto them. this basically discusses red's quest and how she wishes to bring doom to the surface dwellers. now why the number itself is also important is because 11 is a palindrome, a number that is the same forward as it is back. it's a complete reflection of itself. and this symbolism of a mirror is given further weight by 11. 11, once more reflecting the 11's, and so on and so on and so on. we're going to be saying 11 a lot in this video. there's also a lot of mirroring going on in the film. and the wilsons themselves can be seen as somewhat of a reflection, as there are two males in the family and two females, two adults, two children. and generally there's this idea of mirroring that is seen within them. and their tethered copies, things above the ground are mirrored by those below. and throughout the piece, elements line up and are seen as almost complete reflections, as for the film itself, mirroring. and this idea of 11 is seen throughout. we open with a news report on channel 11 news with a report that will happen on 11 at 11. we can see a reflection of adelaide in the screen, and an advertisement for hands across america plays. in this we can see the twin towers, which look like the number 11. and then we see two women running on a beach, them being 11, and their reflections being 11 as well. and it's a lot of elevens. hands across america was about people putting their hands across the country. and this could hold the meaning of the tethered, binding themselves once more to each other, rather than those that they are copies of. the film is very much about the oppressed and forgotten rising up and taking their place in society. and even the title us was purposely chosen to stand for united states. in the film, red says, we are americans when they're asked who they are. and i definitely think this ties in together. next to the tv are four video tapes, each of which looks like a number one in a way, which once more hammers home this point of 11, 11. take a shot every time i say 11, by the way, i'm just kidding. you'll be dead in the next 11 seconds. anyway, one of those video types is chud, or rather, the movie cannibalistic humanoid underground dwellers, which is a reference to the tethered rising from the underground. we then jump to the santa cruz fair, and adelaide asks for prize number 11, which just so happens to be a michael jackson thriller t-shirt. peel said he intentionally chose michael jackson here because as a child, he viewed him as a larger-than-life, positive figure that too had the ability to scare him because of his thriller video. throughout the film, red also wears one glove, which could be a reference to the pop icon. adelaide and her parents walk through the fair and they discuss a movie being filmed by the carousel. this is a reference to the vampire classic, the lost boys, which was filmed at the same location. peel also picked this because of the two quarries that feature in the film, corey haynes and corey feldman. and adelaide's father buys two tickets for whack-a-mole. and two fairground tickets side by side, look like, uh, i'll not say. adelaide walks towards the beach where she sees a man holding a jeremiah 11 11 sign. and there are two people playing rock, paper scissors. they constantly mirror one another, choosing the exact same thing, which just so happens to be scissors. two pair of finger scissors look like 11 11. and scissors, of course, are the weapon used by red throughout the film. the scissors that red uses look like two heads back to back, and they mirror each other, perhaps signifying two people. the fun house has a sign that says, find yourself, which adelaide does. and the voice of the announcer in the location is jordan peele. adelaide whistles the itsy bitsy spider, which is about a spider climbing up a drainpipe. and this is meant to symbolize red coming from the bottom. or adelaide, i get confused. a real spider crawls out from under a fake one on a coffee table. and at one point in the film, red moves her fingers on her face in a spider leg motion, before the twist is revealed at the end. red also whistles the itsy bitsy spider just before she dies, which highlights that she is, in fact, the real one. we then cut to the title sequence, which contains rabbits within cages. and these are in rows of 11. amongst the white and brown ones, there's also a black one, who looks slightly out of place. field said he put this in place deliberately to show that the real adelaide was now trapped below with the tethered we then cut to the wilsons in their car, and a sticker on the rear window of four people can be seen. this follows the format of 11 11, layout wise, and it's also how the tethered family show up on the driveway. jason is wearing a jaws t-shirt, and the image, which is taken from the poster, is of a fish coming from the depths and rising to the surface to claim its prey. zora is wearing a rabbit shirt, which, of course, ties the animals that are laced throughout the film. gabe does a knock knock joke that goes, knock, knock. who's there? you? you who open up the door. which, whilst it's a proper dad joke, it's also a reference to how you will be at the door, which, of course, happens when the tethered show up. in their house is a picture of adelaide and her mother, who is wearing all red, and rising above adelaide, perhaps showing the rising of red. jason says, if you point a finger at someone, you get three fingers pointing back at you, which gabe then corrects, three plus one is four. four fingers look like 11. 11. look, we'll get it anyway. from here, we get another look at adelaide's childhood. in a sandbox, she lines animals up, one by one, side by side, and places a white rabbit in between them. this could be seen as representing the hands across america, and it may hint at red planning to be at the center of it. adelaide's parents also say that she cannot speak, which hints at her being one of the tethered, rather than simply suffering from shock. at the home, adelaide finds a bunny in a box, and she smiles when she looks at it, perhaps recalling her childhood in the tunnels. this doll later gets its head cut off by red, who sees it as a sign of contempt. jason puts an ambulance in the door to stop it closing. and this could be a reference to the ambulance that they drive off in at the end, when they close all this behind them. the ambulance has 11 11 written on the top of it. and this call back here is a nice bit of foreshadowing. on the ride to the beach, zora brings up a fluoride conspiracy theory in which he says that the government has placed it in the water to control people's minds. this sounds crazy at first, but we later learned that the entire tethered program was put in place in an attempt to control humanity through their copies. they play i've got five on it on the radio, and adelaide tries to click along with it, but she's out of time, showcasing that the tethered have trouble with rhythm, and it shows that she's just slightly out of sync, which is a nod to the twist. peels say that he chose this song for the trailer because it shows the darker side that can exist within people, most notably in their youth. gabe says it's a dope song, but we know what the song is really about. and this could highlight he wasn't always the upstanding father that we see in the film. i think this may be reflected in adelaide too, who, as we know, has a dark side to her past. in the car they passed the man with the jeremiah 11 11 sign from the start of the film, and he has had 11 11 carved into his chest. this foreshadows that things from adelaide's past will come back together. but it also shows why the man's duplicate, who we later see on the beach, has blood dripping from his hands. the adelaides walk along the beach and their shadows look like 11 11. once more, the family are also in line with each other, except for adelaide, who isn't, hinting that she perhaps isn't in line with the rest of them. here they meet another family known as the tylers. kitty discusses her facelift, and we later see that her copy has scars on her face, likely because in the underground, it was carried out by a surgeon with scissors. one of the twins also has a t-shirt that looks like 11 11. and the pair mimic each other's speech completely. at one point, showing mirroring once more, a red frisbee lands on a blue circle, perfectly symbolizing reds rising and taking over. and this red over the top of blue could also be a call back to the painting from earlier. in jason's room, we can see a picture that looks like people holding hands, referencing the hands across america. and gabe watches the highlights of a game on the tv. in this there was an 11 11 tie in the seventh inning. and in jason's room, the clock hits 11 11. i'm getting sick of this now. adelaide tells a story to gabe about her doppelganger, in which she clicks slightly when speaking, perhaps hinting at her hidden history. she does this whilst looking at her reflection in glass, mirroring the story of the doppelganger discovery, which too involved coming face to face with her reflection. anyway, the tethers show up, and gabe warns them that the police they already on their way. the wilsons did call them, but as we know, the world is in chaos, so they don't show up. red arrives whistling the itsy bitsy spider, and she's able to gain access to the house through a key that was hidden under a rock. this shows that she has been to the property before and that she is the real one. red is also the only member of the tethered able to speak, whereas the others make clicks and yell because they didn't live in an environment where they were able to learn things through someone else. this is how babies learn to talk. but the fact that red can do it also shows that she learned this on the outside world. red has difficulty talking at first because she hasn't done it in a while. and she tells the story of the two tethered shadows. she discusses how the underground operates and how they were forced to eat rabbits. there are also some interesting character traits too. for example, abraham isn't able to see because in the underground, he wasn't able to get the glasses that gabe has. ombre was born laughing, which juxtaposes zoro's shy personality. and she's also able to run a lot faster than zora is because she ran on hard concrete and tiles, where zora ran on tracks and so on. ombre is the plural form of shadow, highlighting that she is the shadow side of zora. zora also changes into a hoodie that has thor written on it, which is vietnamese for rabbit. no, no doubt you've, you've heard that a million times on breakdowns. better than this. the tethered attack the family, and they all kind of break off from one another. i love when pluto unmasks and shows his burnt face. and i was trying to think of where i knew it from, or what the reference was. and shout outs to reddit for pointing out that it's like when jason voorhees and masks on friday the 13th. in friday the 13th as well, jason's mother was also revealed as the villain, similar to how adelaide is at the end. in fiction, pluto is also referred to as the lord of the underworld, once more, tying back to things being underground. anyway, the group all reunite and manage to escape to the tilers. however, bad things happen there. and we actually see the full attack carried out by the tethered. the twins appear together at the top of the stairs, looking like an 11. and then they are joined by their copies, who appear like 11 11 before taking their place. kitty calls out for her alexa like device named ophelia to call for the police, but instead it plays after police by nwa. the opening of this song contains a line that says, f the police coming straight from the underground, which could be a reference to the tethered coming from the underground. ophelia also means help in greek, which is what kitty is trying to get. the wilsons arrive at the house, and papa teller doesn't immediately attack adelaide who goes to the door first. this is possibly because he can sense her and he believes that she's red. another interesting moment also happens with the tethered version of kitty in the bedroom, in which she vainly looks at her reflection whilst trying on makeup. kitty had a facelift, possibly because she was vain, and it's likely that her copy has had to go through this motion numerous times. she even cuts her own face, possibly because she believes that this is a sign of beauty. she also goes to kill adelaide, but lets her live, showing that red instructed her to do this so she could draw out the revenge plot. this is likely why the tylers were killed instantly, whereas the wilsons weren't. gabe flees the tyler's boat, and we can see that it's bigger and better than his one. he did mention that they were constantly trying to one-up the family, and this can be seen by the fact that they have this, whereas the wilson's one barely works the family. then watch a news report, which is, once more on channel 11. and it's here we get the first hint of the hands across america. this was a big thing from adelaide's childhood. and clearly, the publicity it got stuck with her, which is likely what influenced her to instruct the tether to do it. adelaide also wants to flee to mexico. and i don't know if i'm reaching here, but if us stands for united states, then the underside of that is south america and mexico, perhaps suggesting moving from the top to the bottom. adelaide is attacked by another one of the tethered, but she kills them, which jason stumbles across, and adelaide pants similar to them, foreshadowing the twist. eventually, they make it to the beach and come face to face with pluto. pluto waits until adelaide is out of the car before almost sparking the fire. but jason is able to read his mind and get the family out. jason is able to control him and make him walk into the fire, perhaps showing that the mind control experiment did work, but that the government couldn't get it to operate properly. on the end of the tethered red snatches jason and flees at the fun house where she's chased by adelaide, who sees hands stretching across the beach, even into the ocean. this means that some of the tethered drown themselves. in doing this, we can see the tethered version of the man that was holding the sign has also carved 11 11 into his head. now you may have noticed, at this point the adelaide's clothes are almost red from all of the blood. this could be a nod to the upcoming reveal, as they transition from white to red. in the basement, adelaide confronts red, and she cuts out some people holding hands. these are similar to the family sticker on the car, and also an 11 11 symbol she cuts these down to just two, symbolizing an 11, and then splits them completely to show the antenna ring. also, when we see a flashback, the escalator from the ground up to looks like 11 11. we get the backstory, and adelaide is actually able to recall this herself, because it happened for her. we see that the tethered all mimic those above. and one of the big questions that i've seen floating about the movie is, how did they break free of the control that those above had? well, i believe that they simply didn't think that they had it, and therefore didn't ever try to untether themselves. however, during the ballet performance, they see that red is able to do different moves to adelaide, and realize that they have free will. the fight begins. and i love how red's moves are very square and deliberate because she's had to exist in tunnels filled with rectangular corridors. adelaide kills her and she whistles the itsy bitsy spider with her last breath with her son, she escapes to the surface, and we get the revelation that she switched places. jason clearly knows this and has realized, but coming to the conclusion himself that he is half tethered too, he decides to lower the mask and hide behind it, signifying the lie about his mother's past will be kept a secret. also, there's what looks like an 11 11 on the thriller t-shirt in the flashback. i'm sorry, i swear that's the last one. adelaide at the end smiles at jason after the reveal, which could be a nod to the ending of the thriller music video. and that concludes the breakdown. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on it. and if there's anything we missed, make sure you comment below and let us know. and if you enjoyed the video, then please leave a like, as it massively helps us out. and make sure you check out our breakdown of jordan peels get out, which is going to be linked at the end. every month, on the 15th, we give away free blu-rays. and all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning the marvel phase 3.1 box set is leave a like and subscribe with notifications on if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button. you can also come chat to us on our discord server linked below, or at definition yt on twitter. those are the best ways to keep up to date with the channel, so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. huge. thank you for taking the time to watch this. i've been definition. you've been the best. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 