welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and if Westworld season 3 left you feeling like Ciroc or the man in black, then this is the video for you. the season finale contained two post-credit scenes, and throughout this video, we'll be breaking down what they actually mean. we've already touched upon this in our prior video, however, there's a ton of more details that I definitely think are worth going over. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check out the episode, then it's time to take yourself offline and exit out the video. don't forget to subscribe to the channel for content like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoyed the video. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown. Westworld season 3 is ending. okay, so Westworld season three ended with Dolores uploading solomon's admin powers into Rehoboam, which then granted access to Caleb, who was able to shut the Machine down. this once more gave humanity a choice, and together, he and Maeve headed out into LA to watch the world collapse, in a scene that was very, very similar to the ending of Fight Club, elsewhere Bernard headed into the sublime to find out what to do after the end of the world. and it did leave a lot of things open-ended, including the fate of William, who was heading to Dallas to destroy the hosts. that's where we pick up in our first post-credit scene. we watch is William enters the Dallas International Building in Dubai. I love how when he walks past two women, he says, do you know what they make in there? and it's hilarious how he's acting like he owns the place. and he even shoots a security guard before venturing to the research department, which is where the hosts are made. now I have seen some people theorizing that this bit takes place in the future, but personally, I believe it happens almost immediately after the events of the third season. the main reason that this theory came up is because Williams assets were frozen, and Dubai is a long way from San Francisco. however, he did meet with the banker who and froze them after confirming that he was still alive. so rack had the character declared dead before wanting to send him off for the deep sleep with the rest of the outliers. but this was halted, and Eureka, you can meet with the banker and once more gay access. plus, there's dried blood beside his mouth. so it's unlikely that this scene takes place much long after. add that to the hail healing and the yada yada, yada. look, mate, it's a stupid theory, and that's coming from the guy who's famous for stupid theories. now, upon reaching the house making department, William comes face to face with Hale, who is almost healed, except for her arm. we did see a hint of her last week in which the side of a face could be made out, and it was badly damaged. william state said he thought hosts could heal themselves, but clearly he doesn't know the wreck that she was, and it's likely taken hours for her just to get to this point. in shows, when a character is healing, they often hint and the damage being repaired. and I think this almost left in place to let us know that she is healing herself, so that when she returns fully healed for the fourth season, it's not too jarring. hey, loris congratulates him and says, that you right on time, implying that it was always part of a plan to supplant the character. throughout season three, Dolores has slowly been replacing real world figures with hosts. and we saw this, of course, in Hale Connells, the Yakuza boss and the SFPD officer, Lawrence. she too has done this with William, and out comes a copy of him donning his classic Westworld getup. she knew that William was planning to destroy all hosts, and this would interfere with her plans enough, she created a duplicate that can take over his business activities within the company. host William shows that he knows everything that the real one will say and do through saying his thoughts in tandem with him. he then slit his throat. and I don't know if it's just me, but Hale looked a bit sad. and this may be because she knew she was killing a man that at one point meant a lot to her, at least when she was Dolores. it Google gets a bit confusing. anyway, I love how in the episode, may have said to Dolores that she was trying to make another William. and she literally did this at the end in the series, most notably James tell us copying someone always failed because humans were too complicated. however, the two hosts stay that William is relatively simple and easy to predict. so we can guess that because Williams a cruel and basic man, is easier to duplicate. this too, was given that service by Ford, who, when he met William in season two, told him that he was a pretty basic liam Dempsey jr. type guy. those were his exact words. but William wasn't too happy that he was a Titan of industry. that was pretty simple, when it all boil down to it. so that's how she's copied him when others have failed. we then see that the two are building an army of hosts, and it's likely that they are filling these with the de are collected by Delos in Westworld. hail made a copy of this when serac told her to wipe it. and she will now be able to replace a large portion of humanity. I'm guessing that at some point the plan was always to do this, as we did see that Musashi had barrels full of host liquid. but perhaps Dolores had a change of heart due to her interactions with Caleb. hey, loris has not had this with the character, and thus she still hates humanity. Dolores is such a rebel that even copies of her are going against the Loras. and she's clearly going against the intended plan because she believes that Dolores was just using her as a pawn. so basically, hail now has an army of hosts that are all ready to take over humanity. and there will clearly be a human verse hosts battle at some point. but who will humanity's army be? well, you may remember that in episode 7, Caleb and Dolores stumbled across a bunch of frozen outliers, which so racket removed from society. I believe that these will be the forces that the humans used to take on the machines. and I see on me will come into his own as he was capable of building Rehoboam, whereas serac seemed pretty helpless in its collapse. always back up your work. as for Williams fate, personally, I don't believe that he's dead. and it's possible that we have seen his hosts copy before. at the end of season 2, there was a post-credits scene in which a version of William stumbled into the forge to find it in runes. clearly, some time had passed, and not too long after the episodes release, sharona's Lisa join Jonathan Nolan cleared up its meanings, stating that it was long after the world had ended, Williams seemingly came across a host copy of his daughter, who said that he had been through the park and mission several times, and that they'd been testing for fidelity. with the knowledge that we have now, it seems like this William was the copy, and that the host version will always return to the place that the real William went to after killing his daughter. Williams host itself was operating in its own loop, constantly trying to get beyond the death of his daughter, which was the one act that defined the real ones life. he wished to find out if he was real or not. and clearly, the host is carried across the originals existential crisis. if this is, of course, the host William, it may be that the real one survived, but after being faced with the vation of himself, he now struggles even more with his own reality. now, because we know that William ends up in a dusty and dank future, it explains why Bernard ends up looking like he's been antiqued. shoutouts everyone who remembers jackass. the last time we saw him, he was peering into the sublime while stubs bled out into the bathtub. but as we know from Maeve's trip to war world, time inside a simulation moves differently to how it does in the real world. it looks like he finally has an answer on what to do once the world has ended. but clearly Dolores wanted him to visit the sublime for a reason. however, it could just be that this was carried out by Dolores to hide him until the world ended, and she may have deliberately set the time delay in order to protect him. either way, it's likely that this was an order to sink Bernard up with William. and is possible, at season 4, could be dealing with two timelines, similar to the prior entries. we may see how the end of the world plays out through the eyes of Caleb and Maeve, whilst we see the repercussions of it on the other side through William and Bernard. this season sort of put everything back on track and tightened up how convoluted everything was. I think this was purposely put in place so that we can go ahead in this new direction without too many things getting in the way. now, before we get into the theory, under Loras and I just wanna let you know, we're giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3, part 1 box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to being with a chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the updates in the comment section below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 15th of May, and the set will be shipped out from the end. whoever gets the prize, it's the best of luck that everyone who takes part. ok? so season 3 seemingly ends with Dolores is death. however, I don't think that it's gonna be the last that we'll see up here. not only is her coda Musashi's head, but it also exists within lawrence inhale - basically, if you put any of their pills inside a Dolores looking host, then I doubt many would be able to tell the difference. well, maybe hail but, but she's a bit crazy, but you get what I mean. other than the experience with Caleb, they have the same backstory. and at least there are other versions of her out there. we learned in the episode that all of the hosts are copies of Dolores in some ways. so a thing that all of them will have an aspect of her. and thus it's really hard to kill her. she's died thousands of times in the show, so there's no reason that she can't come back. though we haven't had anything official just yet, I do believe that she will be returning at some point. as, let's be honest, Dolores is the heart of the show. now, obviously, I'd loved hear your thoughts on the post-credits scene, as I'm sure they'll be a lot of different theories. make sure you comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our full finale breakdown, which is gonna be linked at the end. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it, and there's a thank you. you get access to content early. you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 