trigger warning. this movie was released in 2007 and is about a deadly virus. a group of people are forced to be quarantined in an apartment building. things get tense and stay that way until the end. while this is my total and honest opinion of the movie, it will not come close to the tension of watching it yourself. links to the movie are in the description as well. coco and pippi are at a very empty supermarket buying a lot of groceries. coco, the guy who looks like how i feel when shopping with my wife, is the husband of pregnant pippi. people start rushing into the store, creating chaos as they fight to load their shopping carts. koko and pippi seem unperturbed by this and just keep it moving. pb, puts her feet up in the car while coco tries to convince her that he's willing to move them to cordoba, sierra's a remote part of argentina. pippi isn't buying it, because coco is a city boy, but she doesn't say it as politely as i did in the parking garage at their apartment. coco does the thing every man feels obligated to do try to carry all the groceries in one trip. he rolls past horatio, who is covering up his heavily modified car. coco plays it cool because he's just really laid back like that. he starts coughing because of horatio cigar smoke, but says it's just a nervous take. the news on tv does what it always does, tell us things we already know. there is a highly contagious virus going around. fine, it was 2007, and maybe nobody took this movie seriously then, but were paying attention. now, in the middle of dinner, they get a call saying that someone from every apartment must come down to the lobby. outside are a bunch of dudes in hazmat suits busy sealing up the building. it turns out that one of the tenants has contracted the virus. so now the men in white want to know how many people are in the building. googly. eyrini takes a head count and tells them that it's maybe 17. if the chinese family and 10a are still in the building. the entire building gets put under quarantine, and the tenants are told to call 833 if there's an emergency. they also get given social distancing protocols, but no one is instructed to wear a mask. these dudes in 2007 had it easy. horatio isn't happy that googly arena told them how many residents there are. zanuto, the gent with a dog, just quietly slips away, as if we didn't notice how sick he looked in the elevator. write-up. coco has another one of his coughs. horatio sinai's him, telling him to have it taken care of. koko does the right thing by doing a stock take, which pepe thinks is crazy. oh, pippi, you're so cute when you have no idea how real things are gonna get. the internet isn't working and 883 just has a recording put them on hold. the doctor does come to check in on them, and he looks just like every frontline worker i know. he straight up admits that they have no idea how long the pandemic will last. after the doctor leaves, zanudo comes to borrow an adapter for his electric shaver. pipi ends up giving him some razor blades because they don't have an adapter. the true terror of quarantine sets in when they are stuck playing board games. pippi was beating coco at everything except battleships. and then it happened. coco is now eating froot loops in the middle of the night. i relate to this man so much. the news is pretty bleak. hospitals are overwhelmed, airports are closed and it's mad max in the streets. the tv finally gets around to telling us the symptoms of the virus. nausea, headache, high fever, confusion and disorientation are the first symptoms of the virus. since the tv said it, i'm sure it will be important later. coco gets around to giving himself a makeover. but along with a beard, it seems he's also trying on a new personality. my man here is committed to being badass. pippi interrupts his transformation to tell him she heard screaming outside. coco, ignoring all common sense, goes out to have a look. him pulling his shirt over his nose is his version of a mask. guglierini, who are referred to as gugu from now on, and lange, are outside zanu's apartment, trying to convince him to let them in, or they'll huff and they'll puff and they'll use that tiny hammer to break the door down. that's not what they said. they just wanted to talk as friends. so nudo wasn't buying it because he could see the hammer. goku and lance bounced leaving some vague threats in their wake. meanwhile, coco, who heard the whole thing, manages to get himself snuck on because he left his back exposed. luckily, it was his buddy horatio, who's wearing full hazmat gear. the man is unhappy about how coco is dressed, so he spots kogo a few items like light bulbs and stuff to seal his windows and doors. he also throws in a complimentary indoctrination vhs with a warning to watch out for gugu and lance. when koko gets home, he lies to pippi about what happened. never lie to your wife. he takes out some of the light bulbs as if that's all he got from horatio. never lie to your wife. coco got a gun as well, but judging by the way he's holding it, he's liable to hurt himself. which, of course, doesn't compare to him hiding it in a fuse box near the floor. proper firearm storage is crucial. coco tries out the full hazmat suit just in time for horatio to tell him to meet in sauna. at the sauna, horatio reveals that gugu and lange have a proposal for him regarding senudo, but they didn't want to include koko. koko's like, okay, bye. but horatio tells him that they must stick together, because today it's a noodle, and tomorrow it could be one of them. i see you, horatio, putting together your own squad. google and lance pitch up with lange's son, ezekiel. when koko asks if they're not going to wait for zanudo, gugu says, zanudo is the problem. they suspect that he's sick with only a few days left to live. they want to move him to tendy since the chinese folks in 10a aren't here. gugu says that they'll make him comfortable while they quarantine him till he dies. except that all of y'all are supposed to be in quarantine. five grown men in asana don't meet the requirements of social distancing. koko and horatio are not on board with this plan, but google and lance reasoned that they must look out for their families. lance claims to be running out of food and that his son had seen zanudo unload a carload of food. oh, that is super shady. at this point, horatio has had enough. he declares everything above the fourth floor a no-go zone. if any of these gents set foot on the fourth floor, it'll be an act of war. that escalated quickly. the boys bounce and go to horatio's crib, where coco meets horatio's daughter. there's a room with an intense lock on it, but coco wisely says nothing. horatio comes back with a bag and they go back outside to set non-lethal charges on the elevator and the stairs. when he gets home, coco lies to pippi again about what he was doing. she tells him that she's changed all the light bulbs and the cocoa must focus on his household and not the neighbor's problems. but pippi, if coco wasn't being so nosy, you wouldn't even have light bulbs to change. outside, there's an explosion and sirens. clearly, it's getting real in the streets. coco is worried about senudo and goes to see horatio so that they can warn him. horatio says it's late and asks what time the game is. koko has no idea what he's talking about, so he goes to see zanudo on his own. you're a good guy, koko. just as coco gets to zanudo's place, kugu and land break in. senudo, looking all kinds of crazy, blows lange's head off with a shotgun. gugu catches a full load in the gut. and ezekiel takes off running to mama. sununu goes after him and blasts ezekiel and mama as well. koko has asked, tripping one of the explosives and catching it in the face. he gets to his apartment and waits out a long, tense moment with senudo on the other side of the door. things went from zero to a hundred real quick. pippi is not happy with coco's extracurricular activities and locks herself in the bathroom. in the morning, zanu was at the door asking for coco to help him in the basement because the power went out at his place. coco begs pippi to convince senudo that he isn't there. pipi doesn't want to play alone and strands coco at the door. coco pretends to be pippy, but gives it away when he coughs. sanudo says coco must let him know if he wants the adapter back, except he borrowed razor blades. koko goes back to horatio, who gives him some kevlar to wear because they're going exploring. horatio shows coco how to use the pistol and teaches him the double tap. horatio doesn't need any advice on how to survive the apocalypse. coco says he won't kill anyone, so her ratio lays down an ultimatum, either you're in, or we're done for good. coco decides he's in. they go down via the elevator to gugu's place. they break into goo-goo's and don't find anyone. horatio starts looting and says they're stockpiling, not stealing. kugu's wife comes in calling for him. the old lady is out of it, talking nonsense as she dies. the gents get back to work. when gugu's daughter comes in and sees them. she runs outside, calling for help, only to get gunned down by zanudo man. he is on a mission. coco and horatio try to set up an ambush for zanudo. horatio gives coco the shotgun because koko left his pistol on the sofa. senudo, using his magical night vision sunglasses, spots them in the mirror and leaves. when they go after him, they find the elevator in use, so they take the stairs on the roof. horatio signs to coco that he must wait. coco doesn't have a clue her issue. i admire you for giving coco the benefit of the doubt. coco eventually follows horatio out, and after a good while of stalking, they find no zanudo. they find lange and his family in the sauna, looking ripe in the south american sun. one of the explosives is tripped, and when they go down to investigate, pippi also comes outside to check. coco wastes time trying to convince her to go back inside, which she eventually does. but in his rush to catch up to horatio, he triggers another explosive. they follow a trail of blood, thinking it's a nudo, only to find more bodies. this man has had a busy night. zanudo takes a shot at them, but misses. when zanudo shoots the fuse box, killing the lights, koko turns on his helmet light. horatio gets koko to turn it off because he wants to use kem lights at this point. i'm not sure what her ratio wouldn't be prepared for. horatio tells the nuna that they had nothing to do with gugu's plan and that they can resolve things in a civilized manner. all sunudo has to do with surrender. there's a lot of shooting in the dark by all three men, with little reloading for the number of shots fired. everybody was moving and shooting, and not one bullet hit someone. horatio calls for a truce again. senuto says he wasn't sick, it was just a seasonal cold, and gugu and lange messed with him. the gents eventually lay down their guns and meet in the light. horatio and sanudo go off into the dark to have a knife fight. coco picks up a pistol while he waits to see who comes back. sonuto strolls out of the dark, but a trembling coco can't manage to shoot him, the safety was on. zanudo asks koko to take care of his dog, gets into his car and dies with a knife in his back. coco and horatio decide to go outside. for the first time in a while. things are bleak in the outside world. everything is dead, from the radio to the people. a car rolls up while the gents aren't looking, and two men get out and go towards the building. horatio has a dizzy spell. when coco sees that the building door is open, coco moves to inspect the entrance. when another man steps out of the vehicle. they managed to kill him. and coco also retrieves the other two who entered the building. i don't know what they did with them, but i imagine coco now has a different world view. coco takes horatio back home, who doesn't look too good at his place. koko does the right thing with a pistol, but not with a shotgun. koko explains to pippi where he got the bag of goods from, and they sit down to have a nice meal. i know you're happy that your husband is a badass, pippy, but you're still pregnant, so you shouldn't be drinking that wine. there's a knock on the door. and coco finds horatio's daughter with a note. horatio asks that they take care of her. coco finds horatio cleaning a gun, who then gives him the keys to the well locked door. horatio is loaded for bear. he then tells coco the code for a freezer safe with enough food for the entire building. horatio tells coco that this is nothing compared to what he's prepared in the corridor with sierras. he gives koko a map in exchange for taking luli, his daughter, with him. horatio says that she isn't sick. horatio has been playing the long game with koko the whole time. horatio goes outside for one last smoke and asks koko to do him a solid man-to-man favor. he doesn't want to go out like gugu's wife. koko refuses to kill horatio, but also says he can't take care of horatio's daughter. he suggests that they go look for her mother instead. her ratio isn't having it and stabs coco in the leg. coco shoots horatio in the gut, which only pisses him off further. horatio now thinks that coco just wants to take his stuff and abandon luly. the virus is clearly doing its job. he shoots coco in the other leg and traps him on the landing, when chang, the father of the chinese family, shows up and plugs horatio in the head. what i did not see that coming. koko and chang load horatio's car with his supplies, their families, luli and zenuto's dog, and right off to the cordoba sierras. you 