so power book four force, i've just given us our first official look of tommy egan in chicago. it's just a little teaser image with tommy with a caption, damn, we missed this phase. and this is going to be one hell of a show. 50 cent is definitely saving his best till last with powerbook full force. and no doubt, this show will be crazy. just recently, i made a video on powerbook 4 force, without 50 cent t's we could see flashbacks of ghost, and how it's really going to bring the old power vibes back, and potentially even better, because there is so much they can do with the power universe now, especially with the storyline with tariq, tommy and tasha, which i do think they revisit in a few seasons time, whether it be on force or powerbook 2 ghost. but this image definitely has me hyped for powerbook 4 force, it really does. because we all know what tommy egan brings to power, but this time he's going to be even more calculated, more strategic. widely cancels christmas. i'm going to keep this video short and sweet, because it's only one small teaser image that they've given us, which i wanted to share with you guys because i know some of you guys don't use instagram or twitter, but if you do, then make sure you guys follow the four stars page on instagram and twitter if you haven't done so already, because this definitely won't be the last teaser image or video that they release in the next two months or so. so definitely make sure you follow their socials. but with powerbook four forces release date, we can expect it to come early 2022. and when we do get the official release date, which i assume they'll announce with the trailer, we break it down. as usual. i'm gonna drop the links to all the powerbook four force videos that i've made over the past few months where i've gone through a few of the characters and what we can expect from them. so all the links will be down below in the description and in the comments section, about characters such as simon, jannard, diamond, gloria and the flynn family. but drop all your comments down below on the first official look for powerbook full force, drop all your predictions for the tommy show as well. and of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so, already remember to smash the subscribe button to see everything power book 4 and power universe related. but as always, thank you guys for watching, and i'll see you next time. 