Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2017 Irish horror drama film called 'The Cured'. There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Previously, a pandemic known as the Maze Virus spread over Europe, converting its victims into violent, zombie-like monsters. Ireland took the worst of the damage. After a treatment was identified, 75 percent of individuals who were afflicted and could be caught were treated and cured of the virus. The remaining 25% have shown to be resistant to the treatment. The Cured and the Infected are the two factions. Despite widespread worries that keeping the Infected alive may lead to another epidemic, they are kept in captivity. Senan and Conor are two Cured patients who have been placed in the same facility. Sergeant Cantor, their 'Rehabilitation Officer,' has little trust in the Cured's ability to reintegrate into society without additional bloodshed, and treats them with contempt. Senan meets up with Abbie, his sister-in-law, who has a small boy named Cillian. Abbie inquires about her husband, Luke, Senan's brother, who remains missing. Though it is revealed in one of Senan's many flashbacks that Conor infected Senan, who then killed Luke, in the house where Abbie still lives, Senan claims ignorance of his fate. The Cured have vivid memories of their experiences when infected, and many of them suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder. Conor, a former lawyer with political ambitions, is unable to find work and is rejected by his family as a result of his diseased behaviour. He creates the Cured Alliance, an underground movement dedicated to reclaiming the civil freedoms that the Cured have lost. Despite the claims of a leading virologist that a stronger vaccination for the Infected is virtually created, the government plans to euthanize the 25% (5,000 patients) who are infected. Senan gets a job at the hospital where the Infected are confined and notices that they don't seem to care about the Cured. The never-infected suspect loudly that the Cured would love to see another epidemic of the Maze Virus since they would be mostly resistant to its effects. This is a source of political conflict in the society. Conor tries to persuade Senan to join the Cured Alliance. Senan first refuses, but after witnessing society's animosity toward the Cured, he joins the gang on an arson operation. Conor maintains the targets are empty houses, but when a soldier is murdered, Cantor accuses Senan and Conor. Cantor confronts Abbie at her home and informs her that the Infected are connected telepathically and form groups like predatory animals. He claims that the vaccination does not eradicate the Cured's predatory tendencies, and that they are still dangerous. He shows Abbie a snapshot of Conor and Senan exploring the streets together before becoming sick. In the photo, Conor looked to be guiding Senan in deadly deeds. Later, Conor visits Abbie and tacitly acknowledges that he and Senan killed her husband when they were both sick during the outbreak's early days. Senan is confronted by Abbie, who kicks him out. Conor has no remorse for what he has done in the past, and what he is doing now, Senan realises. Senan aids Cantor in a sting operation to get Conor when he confesses to the arson in public; however, Conor murders Cantor and flees. The Cured Alliance devises a strategy to liberate the Infected from their captivity. The Infected move to the streets, murdering and infecting fresh victims while wreaking havoc. The Irish Army has been sent. Senan comes upon Abbie, who is desperately attempting to locate Cillian at his school. Senan saves Cillian but is attacked by Conor, who thrashes him mercilessly. Conor is shot by a soldier, but he manages to flee. Cillian gets bitten and afflicted as Senan, Abbie, and Cillian return to their home. Senan, knowing he is immune, grabs Cillian and promises Abbie that he will keep him safe until a new vaccination is ready. A news report subsequently states that order has been restored, despite the fact that 8,000 additional sick persons have been captured. Promotional posters of Conor (as the Cured Alliance's voice) may be seen during the announcement. Some Infected have gone into hiding, and the government is once again considering euthanasia for the resistant 25%. Senan retreats into hiding with Cillian, who has been infected. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 