detective recapped here. today i'm going to explain a crime film called no country for old men. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. the film begins with the sheriff reflecting on the generations of sheriff that came before him, and how differently the kind of crimes and cases he was handling. now here, he begins to talk of one such particular case. a man in a black jacket is in cuffs while being lead to a police car by a young police officer. the only equipment he has with him is a small, hand-carried tank of pressurized air attached to a hose and a nozzle. the two of them drive to the nearby police station. at the station, the young officer is talking with his superior over the phone about the man he had arrested. as soon as he hung up the phone, the man in black used his metal cuffs to strangle the police officer to death. he cleans up in the bathroom and leaves. the man in black steals a police vehicle and heads to the road. he stops a random civilian out on his car in the desert and asks him to step out of the car. the civilian, thinking he is a police officer follows his instruction. the man in black then uses the nozzle of his small air tank to shoot a blast of pressurized air into the man's head, effectively murdering him. elsewhere, a man and a cowboy had his hunting deer in the desert. he makes a shot, but it only grazes the animal. he goes down the hill to track his prey, but instead he sees a black dog in the distance. he follows the dog to find what seemed to be a drug deal gone wrong between some mexicans. there were several cars and a slew of dead bodies covered in bullet holes. he opens one of the cars and sees a dying man asking for water. he takes the man's gun and inquires about the surviving man of the shootout. the man in the hat sets out to look for the survivor and finds him sitting at a tree. the man moves closer to find that the man by the tree is already dead, and beside him was a black briefcase containing a large sum of money. the man takes the briefcase and the man's pistol and sets out to go home. at his house, he is greeted by his wife, carla jean, who was inquiring about where he got the briefcase on the pistol. the man in the hat is called the well. in that night, llewellyn found difficulty trying to sleep thinking about the dying man he left in the car, asking for water. so he sets out in the middle of the night, much to the concern of his wife. back at the area of the shootout, lewin brings a gallon of water to the car, but as he opened the car door, he sees that the man is already dead. over the distance, he spots two men by his car. they flatten its tires and head in the wellin's direction. llewellyn runs and the men shoot at him. loyolan runs on foot, and the two men give chase in their truck. he gets shot in the shoulder, and he barely escapes through the river. he looks behind him to find the men's attack dog following him. the moment he gets on land, he his gun and shoots the dog. meanwhile, the man in black visits a convenience store run by an old man. the man in black antagonizes the old man with his strange and unsettling demeanor. finally, the man in black asked the old man what's the most he's ever lost in a coin toss. the man in black tosses a coin and asks the old man to call it. after some back and forth, the old man does what he has told and successfully guess his heads. the man in black leaves the old man with a coin, emphasizing to him how valuable that coin is. the old man is shocked by the encounter, not knowing how close he was to being killed. back at the shootout area, the man in black arrives with two men in suits, implied to be the ones who own the briefcase. they continue to inspect the place and investigate where llewellyn might be. one of the men gives the man in black a tracking device that is connected to the briefcase containing the two million after receiving the tracking device, the man in black shoots the two men dead. the following morning, the sheriff arrives near the scene of the shootout. he finds a car up in flames. he's joined by his fellow officer, wendell. the sheriff successfully deduces that the car was indeed the one that was stolen by the man in black, and is now up in the wind with some other car that he swapped. after surveying the area, the two officers find llewellyn's truck. the sheriff recognizes it and knows that it belongs to llewellyn. finally, they arrive at the scene of the shootout. the two officers investigate the scene. they take it to be a drug deal gone wrong, but they also notice the two men in suits, and speculates that there may have been more than one violent encounter that went down. the man in black arrives at llewellyn's house. he knocks on the door, and after hearing no answer, he aims his nozzle directly at the door's lock and shoots a blast of pressurized air to knock the door lock into the room. it struck the wall, leaving the mark. when he gets inside, he finds the house abandoned. he goes up to the fridge and takes a glass of milk and sits down for a moment. the sheriff and officer wendell dropped by at llewellyn's house shortly after the man in black left. they inspect the area and notice the dent left on the wall from the door lock that was shot out. the sheriff notices that the glass of milk that the man in black left on the table is still cold. officer wendell is aggravated, realizing that they just missed him. llewellyn finds his way to a motel. he scans the room in search of a place to hide the money. he sees a ventilator shaft, ties a string on the briefcase and pushes it within the vents. wendell and the sheriff receive a lab report on the dead bodies. both of them are unsettled and boggled by the fact that one of the bodies had an entry wound on the forehead with no exit wound or a bullet. the next day, llewellyn makes preparations for his pursuers. he rents an additional room back at the motel. he stayed in room 139 and rented room 137. he strategically left room 138 vacant. later, the man in black picks up a signal on his tracker and finds his way to llewellyn's motel. he surveys the area while watching the beeping light on his tracker. he stops his car directly in front of llewellyn's room. he goes to the counter and looks at the motel map, and proceeds to search the rooms one by one. the man in black rents a room in the motel. he removes his shoes and takes out his hand-carried tank of pressurized air and walks towards room 138. while lawlen was trying to fish the briefcase in the vent with a tent pole, the man in black waits outside. he shoots off the door lock with the air tank and barges in with a rifle. he finds a different man in room 138 and shoots him dead. another man appears from the bathroom and takes a shot at the man in black, but he outshoots him. one more man was hiding behind the shower curtain. he begs the man in black for his life, but still, he murders him. lewellen, who was in the room adjacent to him, hears the commotion in the other room. the man in black sits at the end of the bed and removes his socks. he searches the room for the briefcase and fixes his eyes on the ventilator shaft. he unscrews the vent lid using a coin and finds only skid marks left by the briefcase. lewellen escaped and caught a ride by hitchhiking. in a large office, a man in a cowboy hat named mr.wells enters the room. his boss asks if he knows anton by sight. the two men discuss anton, the man in black, the person they originally hired to track down their lost money, and has now betrayed them. and acting out of his own volition, mr.wells has been assigned to track down both the money and anton. lewallen arrives at another motel called eagle pass. he checks in and asks the man on the counter to call him if any suspicious men check in. in the middle of the night, llewellyn realizes that the briefcase might be bugged. he finds the tracking device, but before he's able to discard it, he heard a suspicious noise outside his door. he moves quietly, takes his shotgun and poises it against the door. he shuts off his lamp and waits. he sees a man's shadow slip beneath the door frame. anton now stands outside his door. anton blasts off the door lock and it hits llewellyn in the chest. lewellen fires off his shotgun and anton and jumps out the window. anton fires off another shot, but misses. lowell encircles back at the motel entrance and make his way to the back alley. anton isaman, fires off another shot from the window, and it hits llewellyn on his side. llewellyn runs and hides behind a corner. the street is empty. a truck passes by, and llewellyn stops the driver. he gets in the car, but before he's able to take off, anton shoots the driver. llewellyn hits the gas and anton continues to pelt the car with bullets. the car crashes, and llewellyn gets off and takes cover behind another car. he watches anton's reflection from the nearby diner's glass windows. anton gets closer to inspect the car. he follows the trail of blood with his eyes. in a split second, he realizes llewellyn's direction and was able to dodge a blow from his shotgun at the right time. llewellyn unloads the shotgun if the car, anton hid behind. upon inspecting behind the car, anton was gone and had escaped. llewellyn, bruised and bloody, goes on foot to cross the border to mexico. while walking on a sidewalk on the bridge, llewellyn happens upon a group of young men. llewellyn offers 500 for a coat from one of the men. desperate and afraid, he throws the briefcase from the side of the bridge. after successfully crossing the border, llewellyn faints and wakes up on a stone staircase at a park in mexico. he is met by a band playing a mary song. llewellyn hands them money, asking for medical care. meanwhile, anton tends to his own wounds. he blows up a car near a pharmacy by lighting a piece of cloth in the gas tank. the explosion is enough to distract civilians and the shopkeepers from noticing anton steele medical materials. he goes into a hotel and picks off the shrapnel lodged in his left thigh. at the police station, the sheriff plan on seeing carla jean and odessa to check on her and to see if she knows anything. while this was happening, llewellyn wakes up in a hospital bed with mr.well sitting in front of him. they discuss the money, and anton wells asked him to hand the money, otherwise he wouldn't help with chigurk. when llewellyn denies that he has the money with him, wells points out that chigg might be after his wife, carla jean. carson wells offers his assistance in exchange for the money. one last time before leaving lewellen in odessa, the sheriff meets with carla jean. when asked about llewellyn, carla jean tells the sheriff she doesn't know where he is. the sheriff wants to offer llewellyn protection from the people who are after him before he goes. the sheriff goes on and tells carla gene about a specific type of air gun used to slaughter animals. suddenly, feeling uncomfortable, carla gene asks why the sheriff would tell her such things, to which the sheriff responds, i don't know. my mind wanders, perhaps thinking of anton back in mexico. carson wells retraces llewellyn's steps and was able to locate the briefcase from the side of the bridge. he returns to his hotel room, only to find anton chigru waiting for him. wells tries to negotiate out of the situation. anton urges him to accept his death, knowing it's inevitable. anton asks wells, if the rule you followed brought you to this, of what use was the rule? before they're able to continue their conversation, the phone rings and anton shoots carson. anton picks up the phone and speaks with llewellyn. he gives llewellyn an ultimatum, to give up the money, in an exchange, anton will not hunt down and kill his wife. llewellyn rejects the deal and threatens anton. instead, loyolan crosses back to america, retrieves the money and buys a change of clothes. loyolan gives carla gene a call to let her know about the threat. he arranged for her to leave the country so she could be safe until he deals with chiggard. anton realized that the man who originally owned the two million dollar briefcase placed two tracking devices in the briefcase and gave the other to the mexicans enraged, anton storms into his office and kills him. now, both anton and the mexicans are after llewellyn. autobus terminal to el paso. carla jean gives a call to the sheriff and offers him lewellen's location to help him, while anton makes an attempt to track down her location. llewellyn, while walking in el paso, happens by a young woman by an apartment building, lounging under the sun. the woman offers lowell in a beer. after turning down her offer, she insists further. shortly after, we see the sheriff rushing into llewellyn's location. he sees a handful of civilians running away from the apartment building. the sheriff's spots the woman llewellyn was speaking to from earlier, dead in the pool. he rushes inside the apartment and finds llewellyn already dead, killed by the mexicans. later in the night, carla jean arrives at the scene. the sheriff only shares a look with her as she realizes that her husband is gone. at a diner in el paso, the sheriff and the local police chief in el paso share a conversation and reflect on the increasingly violent and ruthless crimes being done. the police chief notes that anton returned to one of his crime scenes. this remark gave the sheriff an idea to return and inspect the place where llewellyn was killed. he is surprised to find that the door lock was punched through. anton stood in silence behind the door, listening for the sheriff. the sheriff inspects the room, looking for chiggard, but he finds nothing except an open ventilation lid and a quarter. the sheriff visits an old friend of his named ellis. they discuss the sheriff's plans to quit the job and is increasing distress regarding the case with llewellyn and sugar. ellis, in response, recounts a story of another police offer that was gunned down in his own house in front of his wife. ellis tells the sheriff what he's dealing with isn't anything new, that bad people have always existed in the world, and he has to accept it. when carla jean came home from her mother's burial, she found anton waiting for her in her room. when she saw him, she tells him she knew it wasn't over. carla jean tells anton that she has no reason at all to harm her. anton replies that she's right, but he intends to follow through since llewellyn refused to make a deal to keep her safe. carla jean tells him she knew she was going to die the moment she saw him in the room, because she knew he was crazy. anton then flips a coin, because, in his twisted point of view, it's the only compromise he can make, by putting her fate to chance, while at the same time not going back on his word. outraged carla jean refuses to guess and argues that anton kills of his own choice, and the chance does not play into it. the next scene shows anton leaving carla jean's house, checking his shoes for blood. while driving. on his way out, anton gets hit by another car. two kids on a bike approach anton, and he pays for the kid's shirt to use as a sling and walks away. the sheriff, now retired, shares breakfast with his wife and tells her of some dreams he had the night before. the first was about him and his father but since his father died at a young age, it's as if he's much older than him. in the dream, the dream was about meeting him in town someplace, where he gave him money and he lost it. in the second dream, he and his father were back in older times. they were on horseback and going through a pass in the mountains. it was cold and snowing. his father rode past him and kept going without saying a word. when he rode past, he saw his father carrying fire and a horn. he mentions he knew in the dream that his father was going on ahead to make a fire somewhere, and he knew his father would be there when he catches up to where his father's going. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 