hello everyone. this is mr bring junkie here. and today we'll be talking about a very controversial movie called the girl next door. and honestly, it was very intense and made me question the very aspect of human nature. so to those of you with frail hearts and weak stomachs, be warned. so we're introduced to our main character, david. and on first impression, i thought he was a typical heartless wall street banker. then we see hector salamanca from breaking bad crossing the street, and we find out the truth about how he actually ended up in a wheelchair. joking aside, though, as soon as the old homeless man was hit by the vehicle, our protagonist quickly dived down to give him mouth to mouth, trying everything to save the seemingly insignificant person, which he succeeds in doing. we find out through david's internal monologue, that he has had unsuccessful marriages, no kids, and is very depressed because of something very traumatic that happened in his childhood. he takes out a painting of what seems like a boy on the riverside and reflects about his past. this boy is revealed to be himself when he was very young. it is by this river, in the painting, that he met meg, a sweet girl, which he quickly fell in love with. david just moved into the neighborhood, and meg lives right next door with her lives her sister, susan, her aunt ruth and her cousins, donny, willie and ralphie. there's also mr greasy hair and another two girls, which all hangs out together very often. we're introduced to the culture of this group as they played a game of tag. although innocent on the surface, we can sense an aura of perverse as they tie up the blindfolded girl and forced her to confess to sexual misconduct, while mr greasy hair lowered a giant snake onto her skirt. at night, david meets meg again, and clearly they're attracted to each other. this is also when we find out that meg's parents died in an accident, and that is why they're living with their aunt and cousins. the next morning, we see the gang is hanging out again in and ruthless house. however, this time only the boys are present. notice how they're all underage, yet allowed to drink alcohol and smoke cigarettes. correct me if i'm wrong, but i don't think it was normal for parents to allow their kids such behaviors, even in the 1950s. anyways, we also see miss ruth lift up her skirts in front of the boys with very revealing undergarments, as she reminisces about the past and how circuses used to have strippers, but not anymore. at this point, i'm sure something is very wrong with this woman, and clearly she's unfit for any sort of parenting. also, notice how there is no mention or appearance of her husband, which clearly is a big factor in her psyche. her indulgence of the boys is further contrasted with her strictness for meg, as she forbids her to eat on the excuse of not letting her get fat, which is clearly absurd, as meg is in no way, under any standard, be considered fat. her mistreating meg is most likely due to her jealousy towards her being young and attractive. this is clearly showcased when meg refused to help her burn down some bug infestations after ruth demonstrated how it should be done. she accuses meg of calling her unfeminine, because burning bugs is not something a woman should do, however, these were words that she put in meg's mouth, and it only showed her unhappiness about herself. the ant's abuse can also be shown on meg's little sister, as she forces the crippled girl to be useful and gather the laundries, while clearly understanding that she is handicapped. besides always starving meg on the excuse of keeping her thin, ruth also disloused her to do any watercolors. but david, being a young and optimistic kid, encouraged her to continue her passion, and believes it was only a miscommunication. eventually, meg paints a drawing for david, which is the same one we saw in the beginning of the film. however, whether intentionally or not, david gifted this to ruth in mag's name, thinking this would mend the bond between the two. but it backfires and only serves to fuel the hatred for the sisters. things eventually gets out of hand when meg's three cousins sexually harasses her in the name of tickling her for fun. she pushes one of them back in self-defense, but was met with violent punishment from her aunt. however, instead of hitting meg, she uses her love for susan as a means of psychological torture, and strikes her behind, while one of the boys holds her underwear down. they also force david to watch all of this madness while it occurs. no doubt, this has crossed the line for meg, and she bravely goes to a police officer to seek for help. nonetheless, the lawman was unable to find anything substantial to convict the ant, but his presence and max retaliation angered her greatly. ruthless wrath is shown when david sneaks into the basement and sees his crush being tied up with two ropes each on her arm, blindfolded and books put underneath her for the purpose of torture. this was all done, of course, in front of the whole family, including susan her very own sister. the crazy end then instructs her boys to undress her all the way down unless she confesses to all their ridiculous accusations to add insult to injury. they even told her, purposely, that david, her crush, was there, just to humiliate her even more. they eventually left her in the basement for the whole night with her arms tied up and stripped naked. the boys have a conversation about how meg is feeling right now, but none of the sons showed any kind of compassion. david proposed that they go and help her, but the others only agreed so that they can see her naked. the group makes it down into the basement and hears meg pleading for them to give her some water, which they did, so that she stays quiet. they then say that they will loosen her ropes a bit only if they get to touch her. meg refuses, and is met with the test from her cousins. david could not watch any longer as his friend suffers and helps her himself, despite the dangers. the next day, we see ruth feeding meg a piece of bread, probably because she doesn't want this to be blown out of proportions. meg refuses, not because she was disobedient, but rather, her mouth was so dry from their abuse that she literally couldn't swallow anything. yet ruth still finds some way to blame her for this. in my opinion, she's clearly a woman who feels powerless in her life on some aspects. therefore, she must obtain power by controlling those who were under her mercy. as a result of meg not eating her food, susan was stripped down and whipped again, right in front of her sister. later we see david witness that not only meg's cousins, but also the neighborhood kids are all down in the basement and kicking meg around like a rag doll. he tries to help her after the group left, but is only confronted by ruth from behind. this clearly demonstrates that she knows about the neighborhood kids coming here. perhaps she even encouraged their behaviors. frightened, david runs home and contemplates about what to do next. he eventually decides to inform his mother, but second guesses himself and eventually stops. i think the fact that ruth is an adult waited heavily on david's hesitance, as he felt he cannot question the decision of a grown-up. later, he finds his father and asks him whether it was wrong to hit a woman. what he received though was a mixed answer, as his father stated that everything is never that simple. sometimes a man can be pushed very far that they have little choice. however, he also told him to never hit a girl under any circumstances, and, more importantly, to always mind his own business. this gave david enough resolve as he conjures up a plan to free meg and her sister. he informs meg that he unlocked the back door to the basement so that she can escape. he also left some money under the big rock in which they met the first time. he promised that they will come back for susan at a later time, as she must escape first, he will then call the cops and arrest ruth. david waited and waited, but saw no signs of movement from his neighboring house. he goes to the big rock, and to his surprise, the money was still there. he knew something was wrong. he rushes to the basement and finds what i can only say is an image from hell. meg is tied up and forced to have sex with his cousin willie. this is supervised by ruth and watched as if it was a television show of some sort by the kids of the neighbors, including the two girls who played tag with them earlier and meg's own sister. what's even worse, ruth then tries to get david to rape his friend, which of course, he refuses. ruth then burns a piece of metal and permanently scars meg's body with sexual profanities, laughing and commenting that she will no longer get married since she won't be able to take off her clothing anymore. just before we thought that the worst is over, ruth claims that in order to save meg from all the dishonest men out there, she has to make sure she no longer felt pleasure. therefore, she brings over a torch and performs her version of female circumcision. david tries to escape and reach help, but is knocked to the ground and passed out. when he wakes up, he finds a wounded mag lying on the bed with her sister helplessly caressing her hair. susan blames herself for meg's current predicament, because, instead of leaving, meg tried to get susan and was caught in the process. david explains that it was not her fault, and they must find a way to escape. he successfully lights up a fire, which alerts ruth to come downstairs. he beats her repeatedly with susan's crotch until willy comes and pulls a knife on him. luckily, before any harm can be done, the fire also alerted the police officers, who stops and arrests all the offenders in the basement. david lies down beside meg on the rugged bed, unable to withhold his tears, he tries to comfort her and tells her that they will make it this time. meg thanks him and says that david is like a dream to her, but he never let her go. in this nightmare that meg lives in, he was the only thing that was real. she eventually succumbs to her wounds, while david cries and screams no. we come back to present time and sees that david is scarred by this memory. he always feels like that he's let someone down, no matter how hard he tries. his only comfort is the phrase whispered to him from meg during your childhood, it's what you did last that truly matters. although david fails to see it, but he was truly the savior of susan and meg. so what do you guys think about this movie? please let me know in the comments below. and if you like my videos, please press like and subscribe for more. i'll see you guys next time. [Music] you 