welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka your friendly neighborhood spider-man. and we finally have our first official look at the gameplay for Marvel's Avengers. throughout this video, I'll be playing the official demo footage that was released and giving my thoughts on it and what it means for the overall game. before we get started, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into the gameplay, and then I'll give my thoughts on the entire thing. never meet your heroes. well, I did, and it was awesome. The Avengers were everything I imagined. hello San Francisco, Thor Tony. check it out. that's once. yeah, obviously figured I'd let you catch up. whoa. this just got a whole lot more interesting. let's make this quick. see if you can clear a path on the bridge. [Music], shoot. not would door. what's your status? they're immortal. you should have had a bigger breakfast this morning. Thor, thanks for the assist. you got civilians trapped behind those barricades. understood. stay behind me. I'll deal with them. this should be fun. [Music], please. are you hurt? no, just stop. lucky for you, I am mighty. Thank You. Thor get to sing. help is on the way. whoa, whoa. Thunder God, and you could have all the fun your turn. [Music] got admitted. that was pretty impressive. cocky like that. [Music], it's coming. see quick. none over. dark. hey, get back here. just got confirmation a shield convoy was hijacked this morning. mr. one of Fury's boarding three side never read. come on, Tony, those are important. okay. whatever Crockett's collects. fury kept all my fifth tech in one place. those rockets are going to destabilize the fringe. yeah, I know. I build the damn things. have you should secure the Terrigen crystal. if that thing gets it already on it, they buy cover. all right. which one of you be? movie extras, shot at me. the Colliers carry us to fight field, turning down the full memory. I really love being shot at my old weapon. we'll keep you updated. hey, didn't know you were listening. that Niki's cities. he's running away by. can't shake the feeling we're playing catch-up. something else going on here? go on down there, Tony. nothing. everything's Just Peachy. just hoping these guys don't have, let's take it back. they've got post our test. [Music] going for a ride. cap, someone's initiated the security protocols. the chimeras autopilot has taken over. smells like a heist. we're heading back negative. secure the bridge. those weapons can't get into the city. copy that. you're up. Bruce, yeah. [Music], some of the fires on me. annoying little guy. darnay's on my way. no, I was thinking, today's tip, if you want fan clubs and funnel cakes, Tony. [Music], we don't take them out. hurry up, big guy. can't take much more punishment. big green, I got eyes on him. hook bringing in the quinjets out, laughing. [Music], inventions are dangerous. stock a, those weapons were meant for the good guys. is that supposed to be a joke? not the time. get your heads in the game. cap, what's going on over there? not sure. nut. seems like the reactor is malfunctioning. I'm getting strange readings on the monitors, like we're being pulled to a heat signal in the bay now, that's going to destroy this repeat that crap. I'm having trouble hearing. Matt, do you read? all heads? the chimera is under attack. evacuate the civilians. [Music], do you read? [Applause]. [Music], yeah, captain, we have a problem. the reactor won't stabilize Terrigen molecular structure into breaking down into a gas. it's extraordinary if you can't fix the rock and get to safety. Shepard, if you can hear me, the convoy is transporting a highly lethal sonic disrupter bomb on enemies, intended detonated within the city. secure the asset at once. no sonic bomb, are you kidding me? thought the UN. outlawed those years ago. let's have a look, shall we? [Music] now, that is an entrance. [Music], taskmaster, we need to get that detonator. that bomb goes off, but could liquify everything within a ten-mile radius. the cables romanov from one former SHIELD agent to another. masters, you get a haircut. the bridge is secure. guys. I'm getting these three seismic readings. take this. you know, I was hoping to fix you doesn't matter. I have this dammit hand. it over come &amp; get it. taking your usual notes, right? it's called photographic reflexes. I've always wondered what it would feel like to kill an Avenger. keep wondering. yeah, cat, so you stolen your weapons from shield. [Music], your test ends now must be frustrating, always one step behind. you're gonna do with it? sell it to the highest bidder. I'm after something much more value. where is your investigation left you? you're not the brains behind this. and this smells like distraction. I'm done talking, coward. what's the matter? don't like surprises? cool. lalla. death. can't learn what you can't see. [Music], next time, guess you saw that coming. huh? you think you've won? what the hell are you talking about? look around Rome enough, the world will remember this day, the day their heroes failed them. what's happening here? [Music], he's collapsing. damnit. Plato's Steve. can you hear me? get the hell out of there. [Music], some say they were set up. others call them murderers. do the Avengers pose a danger to society? that was the question, Bruce, that was the question. well, we all lost something that day, but that's not how this story ends. [Music]. okay, so right off the bat, I think that this game looks like it's gonna knock it out the park. I really just wish that Square Enix had have shown us this footage earlier, as I think it would have silenced a lot of the criticism that sprung up in the beginning. it does look absolutely phenomenal, though, with every character really having their own completely unique combat style that embraces the best aspects of the characters. I know it's an obvious thing to pick up on, but Hulk controlled completely different to Black Widow, Thor feels like he's got his own style. and Iron Man, well, he just looks incredible. it comes across like you're almost playing as a jeer at some points, and it completely nails the aesthetic. now, the game definitely borrows a lot from God of War, especially in the Thor sections, but if it's taking from games, then that's certainly a good one to pick. you really get the feeling that this is an established team that will work together to take on any threat. and it's clear that even if you don't like a character, you won't be playing as them too long to really get tired of it. and there's always something right around the corner that will switch things up. this is a really incredible looking game, and I'm very excited for it. now, there's a real sense of momentum to the entire demo, where each character is constantly pushing forward, fighting their way to the middle of the bridge. it all ends in tragedy. - which is really refreshing to see when dealing with heroes, as these guys win so often that it's great to see them knocked back and infinite. you all really stride with this, and, in my opinion, became the best MCU film because of it. now, there are certain things in the demo that also highlight how the game will be and what story beats that will be with it. it looks like this is taking place in the same universe as the spider-man ps4 game, as in that there was lip service paid to the fact the Avengers were out west, which is where San Francisco is located. in relation to America, taskmaster, though a quite big part of the demo, I don't think will be the main threat. and it's clearly something else going on here, though we don't know for definite yet. domination is being confirmed and the Terrigen mist is massively apart of the Inhumans universe. in the graphic novel infinity, this is unleashed on earth due to Attilan being destroyed by Thanos and blackballed. and this almost crushes New York, similar to how San Francisco gets destroyed in this footage. there's also a possibility that the game will center around age of Ultron. and in the comic book, Ultron took over the world, and the Avengers travel back in time to rewrite the past, which may happen in this game. as Captain America is dead and the majority of the world is a completely different landscape, I kind of get the feeling that this may be the basis for the game, though it's complete speculation. I'd be very surprised though if Captain America stayed dead, especially with how fully fleshed out his combat looks. there's also drones in the trailer, machines and space. so yeah, I think it could travel that route. either way, this game is definitely shaping up to be incredible. they've completely nailed the look of it. and with the tease of characters like Miss Marvel and so on, it's clear that they're looking to expand the cast. in this game. we see her breathe in the territory mist, which can transform people. and I think this would be the route that they traveled down in the series. overall, a massively hard to see what Square deliver. and are pre-ordered? yes, pre-ordered the game based off this footage, which I'm sure is what they were after. so, yeah, job well done. they killed it, and I can't wait to play it. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the footage. and if you're going to pre-order the game or wait till you see more, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of all the rumors around the next big Avengers movie, which would be linked at the end. if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. so the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see it over there after this. also, just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of John wick 3, on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video. make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the gameplay footage in the comment section below. the wooden will be chosen at random on September the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then. whoever gets surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, it's a crime. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 