[Music] love death and robots has finally dropped on Netflix. and the anthology series features many unique animations that really showcase the benefits of the platform. to celebrate the release, I decided to break down the ending of the premiere episode from the series and give my thoughts on the entire show as a whole. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen any of the episodes, yeah, then I highly recommend that you turn off. now, with that out the way, I'm definition, and welcome to the channel where I explain it so you don't have to. episode one, titled Sony's edge, is set in a futuristic London that has seen the industrial areas of the city rise in prominence, whilst the slums have slowly fallen into decay and ruin. and this episode is really about the underclass fighting against the rich. we follow a group known as the Predators that compete in fighting tournaments with mutated animals called beasts. before a said tournament, sunny is approached by a rich man named bigger, who attempts to bribe her into taking her die before she rejects his offer, which is when we learn that sunny is actually fighting for revenge. we learn that the scars on her face were caused by a group of men that raped her, and she's attempting to track them down an exact upon them the same pain that they delta her. so he enters the arena to fight with her beast named carnivore, and using a psychic link, she takes control of it and has a face off against one named horrible Raptor. it's pretty safe to say that the CGI is absolutely phenomenal, and watching the beasts go head-to-head is outstanding. whilst Oviraptor is larger in stature and similar to something like doomsday from the DC Universe, carnivore has speed and agility, as well as some amazing iron spider like legs that it uses to slice its opponent to ribbons before ripping off its arm. it's not over yet, though, and Torvill Raptor is packing a blade beneath its skin that it uses to slice carnivore with, before the former cuts into the latter's jugular using the short bone on its nose. backstage, Sony encounters the figures mistress who have become prey, clear as only with him and you two, being forced into servitude. she clearly admires sonny and asks that she's scared, which the protagonist replies all the time, but that hate is her driving force that keeps her alive. sonny is seduced by the girl before being stabbed through the head. this is some Lady Deathstrike level of attack. and wilds faker steps forward and tries to kill her through using his mistress to stamp on her head. we learn that sonny is in fact, a beast within a beast. and on the night that she was right, she actually was killed, and with the help of her allies, bonded back to her body was her mind was put into a machine that is able to enact revenge, who the same link up that is used on the beasts. overall, it's an amazing twist in the tale, and one that comes really left field to let you know when someone has hate in their heart, nothing can stop them. sure, it's a nihilistic look at the world, but it's also fantastic. and it instantly pits the tone of the series perfectly, making for a gory, messed-up, yet wholly satisfying send-off. and now on to my review anthologies, have always been pretty hit and miss for me, but I've always enjoyed them overall. and loved death and robots is no different. whether it's the anime, Rick's Batman, the Gotham Knight and more, there's always some classic episodes hidden in the run. and whilst love death and robots has a couple of duds in there, the good still outweighs the bad. David Fincher and Tim Miller have done an outstanding job of creating a varied amount of tales that perfectly mix comedy, drama, action and horror into a package that feels like the kind of thing that Netflix built for. while it's not, every episode will be for everyone, and there will be an episode for everyone in there. whether you like sci-fi, action, horror or just animation, you will be spellbound by the series. and I'm even thinking about binge watching it again, because it's that good. overall, I had a phenomenal time with love death and robots, and highly recommend that you take time out this weekend to give it a watch. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the show, and if there are any episodes in there that you want me to cover make sure you leave them in the comments below. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it. make sure you check out my breakdown of this week's other big Netflix release, triple frontier, which would be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 