the film starts with a convoy of soldiers transporting a highly classified package from area 51. as the soldiers speculate as to what it could be, a newlywed couple is driving down the same road, and the husband becomes distracted by his new wife. the couple crashes into the truck, blowing themselves up. while the payload comes loose. the soldiers approach it and are met by a humongous zombie, zeus, who proceeds to tear the soldiers apart. he corners the two soldiers and rips one's jaw off before biting the other one. the two become zombies, and zeus has his sights set on las vegas. zombies soon start to overrun vegas, leading several mercenaries to head in and eliminate as many creatures as possible. many casualties occur, but soon the whole city becomes walled off from the rest of the world. years pass and one of the mercenaries, scott ward, is working at a diner when he is approached by billionaire casino owner bly tanaka. he informs scott that there is 200 million dollars beneath the vegas strip under his hotel, and he wants scott and a team to get the money before the government nukes vegas to wipe out all the zombies. tanaka tells scott that he can take 50 million dollars and split it amongst his crew. scott's daughter, kate, works as a volunteer at a quarantine zone camp. she is friends with a woman named jita and helps her look after her two kids. jita wants to enlist the aid of a woman named lily, nicknamed the coyote, who helps smuggle people out of the camp past the city. jeta just wants to get enough money to bribe the guards to get her and her kids out of the camps. the ladies are then harassed by a volatile guard named bert cummings, who looks for whatever excuse he can to torment the women. scott is haunted by the fact that he was forced to kill his wife in front of kate after she became a zombie, and it is part of why kate hasn't seen him in years. he reluctantly agrees with tanaka to go through with the job. scott begins by recruiting an old friend and teammate, maria cruz, who is working as a mechanic, she doesn't hesitate to join. scott and they go recruit another former teammate, van der rohe, who works at a retirement home. they then go after helicopter pilot, marianne peters, then to the zombie killer, mikey guzman, and lastly the safe cracker, ludwig dieter. the team prepared and got their old weapons back to ready to be used on their mission. then the team goes to meet tanaka to go over the plan. guzman brings two other members, damon and chambers. tanaka brief to them on how to do their job. they need to fight the zombies and goes towards the casino. then the safe cracker opens the safe and proceed with flying out through with the helicopter that is waiting on the roof. but damon leaves when he learns that zombies are involved. tanaka sends them with his right-hand man, martin. scott reunites with kate, although it is obviously a rough reunion. then they head towards the city's entrance, where they recruit lily to join them. but when kate learns vegeta, asked lily for help, and didn't come back from the city with her. kate punches lily in the face. lily insists that she did not intend to leave jeeta behind, but there is a possibility she is still alive. kate decides to join the team, despite scott's objections. lily also manages to get cummings to go along, claiming she needs one more guy. the team makes it into vegas, where they find a zombie tiger named valentine guarding the outside. as they proceed to move forward, lily shoots cummings in the leg and ties him up, stating that there are smarter, stronger alpha zombies out there, and she intended to bring cummings as an offering in retribution for him raping the women at the camps. the team hides while the queen of the zombies, the bride, comes by to sniff coombings, before she and another zombie drag him away to the olympus casino, where kate thinks jeeta may be sure enough, kummings is brought before zeus and his horde of alpha zombies, and zeus turns the cowardly guard into one of them with a bite. the team moves forward underground where lily warns them about the hibernating zombies. they attempt to move quietly past the zombies, and martin throws off a mark so chambers cannot follow the path. and chambers accidentally bumps into one. she stabs it in the head, but another wakes up, head stab then another wakes up, head stab again. the last one's arm causes some trays to slide down, causing noise that wakes all the zombies up. chambers manages to kill a few, but she becomes overwhelmed and bitten. martin locked the door so chambers could not follow and tell the group. but she manages to jump off from the window and kill more zombies, but is trapped and bitten. she looks to guzman, who remorsefully shoots one of her gas tanks to blow her and the other zombies up so that the others can get out. the team makes it further in, where they discover more blueprints to the building, meaning tanaka has had other teams come in and die for his money. martin claims to deny knowing anything about it. the team splits up. peter's starting up the helicopter, martin and lily going to do a perimeter check, dieter joining van der rohe and guzman to the vault, and scott and kate going to turn on the power. while together, scott and kate discuss them being estranged, which kate says had more to do with scott not being there for her after her mom died. meanwhile, dieter tries to find a safe way into the safe when he and the others find multiple skeletons of other mercenaries outside, martin and lily encounter the bride. martin manages to overpower her and behead her, telling lily that the head is worth more than what is in the vault. van der rohe and guzman find a zombie to use his bait by tossing a microwaved hand to the end of the hall, so that he can set off all the booby traps and leave the path safe for the other three. the helicopter starts to malfunction, and peters has to fix it. at the same time, the others learn that the nuke launch has been moved up, leaving them until sunset to get the money and flee zeus later, rides by on his zombie horse and finds the bride's headless body. he mourns her. the rest of the team reconvenes down by the vault where dieter successfully opens it. the team rejoices in their discovery to see so much money. and then they start to take their shares out. while zeus, at the olympus, pulls out their unborn zombie baby. he roars and leads the other alphas to get the humans on their way out. maria admits to scott that she agreed to the mission, not for the money, but for him. he admits that he thought he messed things up between them after the outbreak, but it appears they are willing to give it another shot. meanwhile, zeus is leading his alpha zombies to hunt down the humans at the casino. an elevator full of zombies comes down. one of them grabs maria's head and twists it 180 degrees to scott's horror, but he is forced to fight and run. meanwhile, martin traps lily as he escapes with the bride's head, saying that that's what tanaka wanted all along, with the intention of using her dna to create a whole zombie army to control dieter and van der rohe fight off the zombies near the vault, but dieter is killed, while van der oe becomes trapped inside the vault when it shuts martin tries to make off with a head, but is found by valentine, who tosses him around viciously until finally making a meal out of martin's head. the team continues to try and escape the horde. while scott was surrounded and chased by many zombies, he managed to kill some. scott and lily were able to reach another elevator, but guzman is bitten and sets off grenades to kill the zombies and himself. scott and lily make it to the fixed helicopter, but they are found by zeus. lily holds the bride's head, having switched it before martin found out, and uses it to hold zeus off, while scott and peters get away. zeus impales lily with a bar, but she tosses the bride's head and makes it splatter on the pavement before zeus can get it. scott realizes that kate went to the olympus to try and find jita, and he convinces peters to help him find her. kate finds jita and another woman named sadie. they encounter the zombified kumings, who kills sadie before the other zombies show up. kate shoots coombings in the head while trying to get away with jitta. the two encounter scott, who holds zeus off with a grenade. they make it to the roof where peters appears to have left them, but she comes back after changing her mind. as they fly away, zeus jumps onto the chopper and fights scott. zeus almost fell off, but recovered and continued to fight scott. amidst the chaos, peters was accidentally shot and made it hard to fly the chopper and almost crashed down. peters attempts to fly fast enough, just as the nuke flies pass them to vegas. in the ensuing chaos, zeus bites scott in the shoulder. just as the nuke reaches vegas and is blown off. scott manages to grab his gun and blow zeus's head off. the impact of the blast catches up to the chopper and causes it to crash, killing peters and jitta. kate survives and goes to scott, who is dying. he gives her enough money to help cheetahs kids get out of the camp. she tearfully says goodbye to her father and shoots him in the head. when he becomes a zombie. kate breaks down just as another helicopter comes to recover her in the ruins of vegas. vandro emerges from the vault with his shares of the money. he finds a car and drives to an airport where he rents a private plane. as he does a toast with the stewardesses, he starts to feel dizzy. bendero goes to the bathroom and discovers a bite mark on his arm. and the pilot says they are about to descend into mexico city. thank you for viewing our movie, recapped. i hope you have enjoyed watching our videos. please like and share the video and subscribe to our channel to help us grow. click the notification bell so you will be notified when we upload our next videos 