belen unlocked the door, the gears started rotating. a 25 centimeters thick door iron opened. inside was a secret room. her room could be observed through the mirror. from here, although there were firecrackers on the inside, nobody could hear anything from outside. the landlord didn't even know the existence of this secret room. but belen found it. in order to test her boyfriend's faithful to her, she decided to record a video with a serious face, telling her boyfriend that she wanted to break up with him. after packing, she hid in the secret room. the first day, when adrian came back from work, he was upset watching the video, which satisfied belen. therefore she decided to end this challenge because she knew that he was loyal to her. she opened her bag and was about to surprise adrian. however, she couldn't find the key. suddenly, she remembered that she dropped it outside. so she immediately called her boyfriend for help. no matter how loud he screamed, adrian still couldn't hear anything. he was still standing there. sadly, belen tried to phone him, but no signal. she used another key to open the door. unfortunately, it didn't work. belen took a chair and kept hitting on the glass, but still didn't work. the thickness of this glass was two meters, which were impossible to break or even scratch. looking at adrian being hurtful, sitting on the bed and saying, i love you non-stop, belen realized that she has done a stupid thing. the following day, adrian called the police, but they couldn't help him, because belen has recorded a video. she found a military uniform and a diary. it turned out that this place used to be the room of an army general. in order to save herself, belen started trying the way that prisoners escaped in the movie, that was digging a hole on the wall with a spoon. luckily, there were still some expired food and polluted water. although it helped to maintain her life, she wouldn't be able to stand for a long time. seeing her boyfriend being heartbroken every day, she felt so guilty and upset, but she couldn't do anything else. belen tried to kick the pipe and found that the basin shaking. at the same time, adrian was washing his face outside. belen took an iron bar and kept hitting the pipe. the water started rippling more and more. she kept screaming for help, but adrian still didn't hear anything because of the rain outside. it's been 10 minutes until adrian left. digging the wall was the only way. then a month has passed. the spoon has worn out, but the hole was still small. the light was also broken. it was not as simple as it was in movies. belen turned on the electric generator, but accidentally broke it. two months later, adrian brought a girl home. belen was hopeless. looking at them enjoying each other. she was extremely mad, so her tears just kept falling down. she didn't expect that this stupid challenge took her boyfriend away. she had to witness the man she loved having sex with another girl, without being able to do anything. the next day, she saw fabiana, who was not better than her, even using her toothbrush without permission. belen took her anger out on the basin. apparently fabiana heard belens crying for help. belen tried to shout extremely loudly, but fabiana just kept brushing her teeth. it was obvious that she didn't hear anything. just only belen was lonely. then she sat on the corner of the room and cried out loud. the speaker again transmitted the happy sound of the other two. belen just kept digging and so on. but then she met another reinforcement. cover her hopelessness started raising in this room. the only thing that belen could control was this valve. after a few times of burning fabiana, belen secretly chuckled, but it didn't help anything. she still had to see fabiana with her boyfriend together. a while later, fabiana found the key of the secret room. belen deeply hoped that fabiana would be curious and opened the door. unexpectedly, fabiana assumed it as a necklace and put it on her neck, which drove belen crazy. belen saw that fabiana was running the water the next morning, so she hit the pipe strongly with another steel bar to give the signal. conversely, fabiana felt scared and stayed away from the rippling water. but she suddenly sensed something. she said, start. bullen hit the pipe. she said, stop. belen also stopped. fabiana believed that her father, who was dead, visited her, but it was wrong. when she thought about him, the water stopped rippling. fabiana then thought about belen, which made belen hit it even harder. finally, fabiana guessed it right and asked whether belen was dead. belen heard that and stopped hitting. fabiana then asked whether belen was stuck. the water kept rippling again. fabiana wanted to take the mirror out, but she wasn't strong enough. also, the dog kept digging that wall. fabiana carefully checked. she opened the wardrobe and saw the lock. fabiana took the key on her neck off and was about to unlock but suddenly she stopped. she was thinking about something. she walked back to the basin, stared at herself in the mirror, simultaneously drained water from the sink. when adrian came back, fabiana immediately kissed him and then silently looked at the mirror. perhaps she could understand bellen's feelings at that time. belen's feelings at that moment were hard to describe. she knew that it was hard for fabiana to let adrian go. the next day, fabiana carefully hid the key, since she didn't want anybody to know that belen was stuck in there. furthermore, she knew for sure that if belen was out, she would lose everything. not long after, fabiana was curious to know whether belen was still alive or dead. she stood in the front of the mirror and said something, but no one answered. fabiana used water vapor to leave a line on the glass, but still nobody responded. fabiana opened the door and walked inside. the room was not only smelly, but also narrow, probably just a few meters. fabiana came closer to check if bolen had died. suddenly, bolen opened her eyes, hit fabiana to make her faint, and took the key to go out. in addition to that, she locked the door. belen looked at her worn-out face in the mirror. she came to the living room and enjoyed the sunlight that she hasn't seen for ages. she knew for sure that this house was not a place where she belonged anymore. at that time, adrian also came home. the dog was barking non-stop. and walking him to the bedroom, he saw an old set of keys and the picture with belen on the mirror. this made him speechless for a moment, because fabiana was lost, and so was belen. this house must have some problems. at that time belen was on the seashore and thinking that she finally revived. during the time in the secret room, she realized lots of things. that's all for the movie, but belen was certainly a good girl, so i think she would come back and save fabiana after a while. 