[Music]. welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will explain a chinese movie, beauty tribe. this film is about a playboy who was dumped by his girlfriends in the desert. he is then captured by a beauty tribe. benfett is a toyboy of the young beauty queen. his mission is to make the queen get pregnant and escape from the terrible tribe. will he successfully escape from the beauty tribe? let's find out together on beauty tribe. beauty tribe begins by showing a handsome young man named ji who ji, who himself is a playboy who has many girlfriends. at that time, jihu was with his girlfriend in his bedroom. the two of them decided to have some fun. while jihu and his girlfriend were making out, his cell phone suddenly rang. turns out it was one of his other girlfriends calling. his girlfriend wanted to meet jihoo too. finally, xi, who quickly left and go to his other girlfriend's house. but when she who arrived at his second girlfriend's house, he was confused because the house looked very dark and empty. while in the living room, je who was so excited when he saw his second girlfriend come downstairs wearing very sexy clothes. his second girlfriend then seduces xihu into having some fun. differently, ji, who was then tied to the bed. but instead of having fun, his second girlfriend took a baseball bat and beat him until he passed out. gee, who then anchored himself in a desert. he was so shocked that he could be in such a secluded place, especially when he woke up without wearing clothes in his trouser pocket. jee, who finds a condom and photos of his four girlfriends. he did not expect that the four women turned out to be friends. it turned out that when the four girlfriends were together, they showed each other photos of their boyfriends. unexpectedly, it turns out that their boyfriend is the same, namely xi hu. so the four made a plan to take revenge on jihoo. ji, who then walked alone in the middle of the vast desert. he tried to find help, but no matter how hard he screamed, no one came to help him. dying in thirsty state, suddenly, xi who could see a pond. he immediately ran to drink water in the pond. but it turned out to be all just his hallucination. she, who then burst into tears and despair. suddenly, several women came up to him, wearing ancient clothes and carrying spears. ji who then approached the woman sitting on the horse and removed her veil because of his impudence. xi, who was immediately hit by one of the bodyguards until he fell unconscious. jihoo was then tied to a stick and taken to the women's headquarters. he was then put in a cage like a jail for days. xi, who was confined in the wooden prison until finally a man came and gave him food. it turned out that the man who gave him this food was professor zhang, who was also a slave, just like ji hoo. professor zhang said that he was caught by a squad of women from the halibut tribe while researching the desert. professor zhang said that the halibu women's tribe would hold a sacrificial ceremony tomorrow. one of the slaves they kidnap will be sacrificed at the ceremony. finally, professor zhang left ji hu the female soldiers began to bring the men they had captured to be sacrificed at the sacrifice ceremony, they were then herded together. one of them is xi hu. then the ceremony began. one of the women started to do the dance. each male prisoner's pants were removed and checked for their willy. if their willy is small, it will be cut. then it was je who's turn. but the women were so amazed when they saw the enormous willy of xi, who's finally, thanks to his enormous willy, xi who was now chosen to be the husband of the queen of the tribe. ji, who then met the queen. xi, who was so aggressive because he liked women so much. however, his aggressive behavior was not favored by the queen, so he had to be punished. jihoo was then put on the ground and stabbed in his buttocks with a stick. the next day, professor zhang took jihoo to see a shaman in the halibut tribe. the shaman explained to zee, who that he was now the slave of the queen. he was given three months to make the queen pregnant. if the queen is not pregnant, then she who will be killed. professor zhang and ji who then left ji, who started asking if he would be released if he succeeded in getting the queen pregnant. but professor zhang's answer was surprising. according to him, when the queen's baby is born, then ji who will be killed. so no matter what ji who did, he would still be killed. professor zhang then took jihoo to a market. many male slaves were being traded in the market, xi who can see a lot of women who gathered to bid on the men. the slaves that were bought would be made to satisfy the lust of the women in the tribe. at that time, two women were fighting over a man. so to determine who managed to own the man, the two women had to fight to death. one night, a warrior chief reported to the queen that their rival taste tribe was about to attack. the chief soldier also asked permission to attack the taste tribe. however, the queen actually forbade it because she did not want a war between the two tribes. the queen then looked dizzy. and she who realized this, immediately approached her and tried to treat her. gee who began to massage the queen's feet. and unexpectedly, the massage was excellent and liked by the queen. happy with xi who's service, the queen finally granted any request from him. ji, who then asked for a house. the next day, ji hoo and professor zhang began to look busy cleaning their new home. they plan to build a beauty salon for the tribal people. the goal is to get sympathizers from the residents so that they can escape easily from the place. jihoo and professor zhang did not expect their beauty salon to sell well and become a favorite place of the halibu people. in addition, xi, who also provided many special services for the queen and made her happy. ji, who then expressed his love for the queen. unfortunately, the queen does not know love and does not understand xi who's flirting. suddenly, from outside came a voice asking the queen for help. outside they were so shocked to find a girl from the holiba tribe who had fainted. it turned out that the girl had fallen into a well. she who then volunteered to help the girl. at first, the residents didn't trust him, but finally the queen gave jihu a chance to help the girl. unexpectedly, he managed to save the girl and made everyone admire him so much. the next day, so many women began to come to zee-hoo, and they brought him a necklace made of flowers. finally, je who managed to make all the residents of the halibut tribe-like and respect him. that night, one of the prisoners had an evil idea. he put poison into the well, so that all the residents of the halibut tribe died of poisoning. meanwhile, jihoo and professor zhang were already planning to escape the next day when the queen and her soldiers checked the borders. the next day, the queen and her soldiers finally went to check the border. but it turned out that je who was also brought along. but on the way, suddenly the taste tribe appeared and attacked them. the queen and her soldiers went to avoid attacks from the tay stripe. it turns out that je who and the queen managed to survive and hide in a cave. that night, the queen told je who that there were two tribes on the island, namely the halibut tribe and the taste tribe, all of which were male. the two tribes continued to fight every year, until one day a man named osa came. osa came riding a white horse and persuaded the two tribal chiefs to make peace. finally, thanks to osa, the two tribes promised to live in peace. however, according to the queen, the taste tribe had begun to break their agreement and tried hard to attack the halibut tribe. after telling the story the queen and xi, who were making out accompanied by a bonfire that night, the head of the taste tribe was already planning to attack the halibut tribe. when jihu and the queen arrived the next day, they saw that many people had died from poisoning from well water. they also realized that the tastes were coming to attack, and now they were short of soldiers, so the queen ordered to release the captives so that they could help when the war broke out, professor zhang was caught while trying to escape. professor zhang then said that jihoo should have met him at the border, because they were already planning to run away together. hearing this, the queen, who had initially fallen in love with xi, who was very sad and disappointed. jihoo and professor zhang were eventually exiled in the desert and left to die there. it was then that ji hu and professor zhang saw the soldiers of the taste tribe who were about to attack the halibut tribe. realizing this, ji who panicked and decided to return to help the queen in the halibut tribe. but professor zhang disagreed. so the two got into an argument. the tase finally succeeded in invading the halibut tribe because the number of soldiers was too few. the halibut tribe was finally defeated by the taste tribe. the tace warriors eventually kidnapped the women of the huliba tribe and made them slaves. professor zhang returned to save one of the halibut tribesmen, but he was beaten until he fainted. when the tastes were celebrating because they had conquered the halibut tribe, suddenly xi who came riding a white horse, just like the osa in the queen's story, jihoo says he came back because he loved the queen, nan came to save her. je, who finally challenged the king of the taste tribe. the two had a fierce duel, but because he wasn't good at fighting, je who had to be beaten easily. however, ji, who didn't give up easily, with all his might, he finally won the battle and killed the king of the taste tribe. finally, after winning the fight, the halibut tribe won and partied. professor zhang was even idolized by the women of the halibut tribe. the residents then looked busy performing the sacrificial ceremony. unexpectedly, the victim was je, who, it turns out that, as professor zhang once told if the queen managed to conceive and would give birth to a child, then the man who impregnated her must be sacrificed. so she who had to be executed. in fact, the queen had given jihu an opportunity to leave by pretending to drive him into the desert. unfortunately, je who returned. he is now has to meet his death as a sacrifice for the halibut tribe. ceremony [Music] you 