two years after the Battle of New York, Steve Rogers works in Washington, DC. for the espionage agency shield, unto director Nick Fury. while adjusting to contemporary society, Rogers an agent etosha Romanov, are sent with shields counterterrorism strike team led by agent rumlow to free hostages aboard a shield vessel from George betrothed and his mercenaries. mid-mission, rogers discovers Romanoff has another agenda, to extract data from the ship's computers for fury. rogers returns to the show scallion shields headquarters to confront fury and is briefed about project insight, three helicarrier's linked to spy satellites designed to preemptively eliminate threats. unable to decrypt the data recovered by romanov, fury become suspicious about insight and asks senior shield official Alexander Pierce to delay the project. on his way to rendezvous with Maria hill, fury is ambushed by assailant led by a mysterious assassin called the Winter Soldier. fury escapes to Rogers apartment and warns Rogers that shield is compromised, after handing Rogers a flash drive containing data from the ship theory, is gunned down by the Winter Soldier. fury dies in surgery, and Hill recovers the body. the next day, Pierce summons Rogers to the Triskelion. when Rogers withholds Fury's information, Pierce brands him a fugitive. before we get started, does anyone want to get out? hunted by strike? Rogers meet with Romanov. using data and the flash drive, they discover a secret shield bunker in New Jersey, where they activate a supercomputer containing the preserved consciousness of Arnim Zola. Zola reveals that ever since shield was founded after World War 2, Hydra has secretly operated within its ranks so in global chaos with the objective of making humanity willing to surrender its freedom in exchange for security. the pair narrowly escaped death when a shield missile destroys the bunker. and realized that Pierce's hydras leader within shield. Rogers and Romanoff enlist to help a former USAF pararescueman, Sam Wilson. when Rogers befriended and acquired his powered Falcon wing pack. deducing that SHIELD agent Jasper Sitwell, is a Hydra mole they forced him to divulge that Zola developed a data mining algorithm that can identify individuals who might become future threats to hydras. plans the insight helicarriers will sweep the globe using satellite guided guns to eliminate these individuals. Rogers, Romanoff and Wilson are ambushed by the Winter Soldier, who kills Sitwell. during the fight, Rogers recognizes the Winter Soldier as Bucky Barnes, his friend who was captured and experimented upon during World War two. Hill manages to extract the trio to a safe house where Fury, who had faked his death, is waiting with plans vataj the helicarriers by replacing their controller chips. after the world security council members arrive for the helicarrier's launch, rogers broadcasts hydras plot to everyone at the Triskelion. Romanov, disguised as one of the council members, disarms Pierce, I'm sorry. fury arrives and forces Pierce to unlock shields database so that Romanoff can leak classified information, exposing Hydra to the public. following a struggle, theory kills Pierce. meanwhile, Rogers and Wilson stormed to helicarrier's and replaced the controller chips. but the Winter Soldier destroys Wilson's suit and fights Rogers on the third Rodgers fend him off and replaces the final chip, allowing Hill to take control and have the vessels destroy each other. Rodgers refuses to fight the Winter Soldier in an attempt to reach his friend, finish it, gives him with you to the end of the line. but as the ship collides with the Triskelion, Rogers is thrown out into the Potomac River. the Winter Soldier rescues the unconscious Rogers before disappearing into the woods with shield in disarray. romanov appears before a Senate subcommittee, and fury, under the cover of his apparent death, heads to Eastern Europe in pursuit of hydras remaining cells. Rogers and Wilson decide to find the Winter Soldier, while rumlow, who was a double agent for Hydra, is hospitalized following the triskelions destruction. in a mid credit scene, Baron Wolfgang von Strucker, at a Hydra lab, proclaims that the age of miracles has begun, as scientists examine an energy filled sector and two prisoners, one with superhuman speed, the other with telekinetic powers. in a post-credits scene, the Winter Soldier visits a Bucky memorial at the Smithsonian Institution. 