welcome to the man of recaps. this is fear the walking dead, season six, episode 12. and remember, you can watch all these new episodes of fear the walking dead on amc plus. plus check out other great shows and lose yourself in their epic worlds. the episode begins with grace taking a nap. she's attacked by walkers, but, oh, saved by this random new girl. but wait, what's this? grace isn't pregnant anymore, and everything looks like a surreal dreamscape. yes, it's a dream episode. and grace is hallucinating her grown-up daughter, athena. they go to visit the damn settlement and meet old man morgan. yes, morgan jones has grown up into morgan freeman. and morgan's hidden valley ranch is doing great. it's a beautiful paradise now, just like they always hoped. unfortunately, grace is not here to see it. she died in childbirth. that's too bad, but at least she's here now in this time traveling dream hallucination to get to know her daughter. we see how all our friends are doing in this imaginary future. june dory going by, dr june with charlie as her medical intern. daniel salazar given a haircut to strand these two became best friends. dwight has grown an epic beard, and he's worked things out with sherry. they're living happily ever after with two kids. they go on a little walk with grace's daughter, athena. but then they find a car with the end as the beginning on it. and, oh, explosion. it was a car bomb. things start to get weird, and grace has a realization. this isn't real. yeah. you think the car bomb triggers her memory that happened in real life. yes. she's unconscious right now, going into labor in a dire situation. the zombies are all killed, though by the end. is the beginning crew. yes, it's their captain, riley, who set up the car bomb to get that key from morgan. in dreamland, grace and athena realized they gotta go get to that building where greece is in real life. on the way, mother and daughter bond, and they finally have a tearful moment where it's like, hey girl, i'm gonna die in childbirth, but like, you'll live and be happy. so while they have a dream fight against zombie versions of the end of the beginning crew. morgan's fighting them in real life cause he's not handing over that key. he's going kung fu stick master on him, and he's not holding back. he's using the sharp end here. in the end, he stabs riley in the shoulder so he's able to escape. then in dreamland, grace says a final farewell to her daughter, cause she's gotta wake up. she's like, what's up, morgan? i'm back. i had a dream of the future where you had hair. but what's this? oh, truck crashing in. yes, riley's come back, and this time he brought a gun. no, the one thing that can beat morgan, stick. he's like, yo, just give me that key and i'll go. and grace is like, morgan, you can give it to him. it's fine. i've seen the future. it's all gonna work out. so morgan hands over the key. watch out. nuclear apocalypse incoming. then grace goes into labor for real, accepting that she's gonna die here, but her daughter will live, except they pull a switch on us, because grace is fine, but her daughter is stillborn. no, oh, that vision of the future, it was all a dream. that's not how things are going. and that's where the episode comes to an end. now you already know amc plus is the place for all things the walking dead, but you also get access to a ton of other great shows. looking for an action-packed crime drama, you gotta watch gangs of london. enter the violent streets of fictional modern london, as sean wallace hunts down his father's killer and rises to the top of the criminal underworld. maybe you're into the punk, fantasy world of the watch, where an unlikely group of misfits have to find the guts to save the world. a comedy adventure with wizards, werewolves and dragons. i mean, come on, i gotta check it out. discover the romance thriller, a discovery of witches, where witches, vampires and demons live among us. a dangerous mystery and a forbidden romance. this kind of thing's my guilty pleasure. if horror is your thing, you're just in time for shutters. halfway to halloween month with a packed lineup of new horror shows and movies. catch new episodes of creep show season 2, still the most fun you'll ever have being scared. so click the link in the description to sign up for your 7 day free trial of amc plus. now get all the walking dead content you love, plus explore the rest of their epic worlds. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 