the long-suffering bulldogs. in large part thanks to breakout star monroe moore, we're finally going to the state fight. this is a modified spiced rum. mom, i was thinking maybe uncle frank could get a job at andrews construction. i have an interview with a college recruiter for you. what? what the hell happened? some guy's jumping in cease and desist order due to patent infringement, which means if you make another bottle, i will sue you and shut this whole operation down. if i stand on it for more than 10 minutes, it feels like someone's hitting my knee with a hammer. doctor said, if i play i could cause permanent again. uncle frank, no, he's not taking any pills from me. hold it, archie. i don't care what that scoreboard says. you guys played your hearts out. i just got cornered by the recruiter from notre dame. he said he wants me to come visit him in indiana next week. he says he wants me to play ball. it's my rum mixed with your maple syrup. your roommate's father paid someone to take the psats for him. it's not like i'm the one writing. why a fiction based off the exploits of your deranged father? it was that they didn't want to accept the daughter of the black hood. they were afraid that if your father's identity got out, it would generate bad press. mother, unless you want someone to find out your identity, you'll keep that false face on, and you'll stay within the walls of the maple club. a duel. you can't be serious. oh, i am as serious as a shot to the heart. i'm sorry. uh, archie's ted bishop. we served together, ted. this is my nephew, archie. ah, we let the case get cold, but we know brett's a total sociopath. military contractor, and they send us all over the world as mercenaries. the match is over. weston wallace is our victory. broke the code, frank. you can't break something that's already been shattered to bits. ted, and you're the one coming after me, honey. perhaps videotape me having sex in our dorm room with a classmate. he was lording it over me and threatening to release at any minute. but if you go on the run now, you'll never stop running. man, you remind me so much. your old man. round one begins now. oh, please. got a glass jaw. i told you we weren't going to need rounds. gentlemen, play wisely. oh, that works too. i almost admire your gumption, ponytail. but you're done. you're trespassing, and you are illegally recording people having sex. perv of a roommate taped us in your bed jug no, that allows me to put you in check. yeah, brett wins this duel. you are more of a stonewall man than i will ever be. he'll be tried for everything he did in riverdale. he said they're looking for you too. of course they are. you could cut a deal, maybe too. it's a neuromuscular disorder. it will weaken your father, frank. didn't even even know. sorry, red. it's when barnard welcomes its incoming freshman class, including a certain veronica lodge a videotape labeled donna. donna is one hundred percent using the same language, even exactly the same words that she used when she told me about mr chippy. i have serious doubts about whether or not you'll be able to graduate with your class. we're also terminating your baxter brothers contract for failure to deliver satisfactory material. plagiarism. mr jones, mr dupont, i'm going to fight these accusations tooth and nail. boy in the river. this is the novel that i submitted to win the baxter brothers. brotherhood owns everything you submit. we kept the elements we liked and then let another ghostwriter try their hand at it. it's going to be about chipping and moose and quill and skull. you're not gonna say a damn thing. do you know how i know? cause, as it turns out, i do have a tape of you and ponytail doing that gracefully, quietly, withdraw from stonewall prep, which will save yourself and us. [Music], oh my god, betty, what happened? is he breathing? he's dead. what did you do? betty? those psychotic preppies are trying to frame us. here's the bug. and remember, besides planting it, our goal is to find out what they know, what they think happened. amateur sending a bull into a china shop. you're gonna seriously have to up your game if this is gonna be any fun. fry, so that's where jughead's film was. the preppies must have snuck it into my pocket when i was at stonewall to make you look guilty. rock. so they must have had a backup one with jughead's blood all over it. i'm sure my prints are on it too. donna. donna and i were in the woods, and she blew this powder like this, white powder for the powder. it might be scopolamine. the hell is that? it's commonly known as devil's breath. i will have sour berry right at my new will immediately, and i'll be happy to see you too. shoulder to shoulder. and if i'm going down, you better be damn sure i'm taking you down with me. i am the daughter of the black hood, the nightmare from next door. you got your witch ponytail. forsyth isn't going to yale, so i guess it'll just be you and me in new haven. this was their move, the stoneys. we knew that they would do this. turns out it wasn't blood. it's run of the milk corn syrup, theatrical stuff they use to make fake blood. betty, you and your friends are free to go. closed casket. call me a doubting thomas, but that seems like a suspect choice. with such a handsome cadaver do it. what the hell do you think you're doing? she told me, i'm here for you, ready. i always have been. could you do this to me right? what? don't play innocent with me. archie andrews, kissing my best friend. [Music]. gotcha the hell? oh my god, donna. so our little gambit worked well. in between the look i saw on donna's face in the bunker and your performance in the student lounge. pretending to be dead is one thing, but while you make out with archie just to convince a bunch of evil preppies that i did die? yeah, it definitely cracks the top ten. god bless that beanie for cushioning the blow even just a little bit. i'm sure telling your mom was a good idea, charles, your dad, jelly jellybean, dr curdle jr and mrs andrews are all in on it. you still care for me. it must have put her privatized skills to good juice and did some digging on those stonewall wasps. i think i know how to take down these stones once and for all like pretending that my bereft girlfriend had found comfort in the strong, steely arms of my best butt. you know where jughead is? yes. archie went rogue and told his mom tiz together the missing stone wall four, the accidental deaths of dupont's classmates, my attempted murder. well, what? did you even miss me? you got to be kidding me. we had time to figure out all the twists and turns of this murder mystery that we've all been living for the past year. chipping knew moose was going to get murdered and was trying to save his life. mr chipping invited moose to stonewall prep to be the next victim to be killed by the next ghost writer, one of you. i mean, whatever the reason, he ran moose the hell away from stonewall prep and then killed himself to commit the perfect murder against me and be awarded the contract. brett, you led me deeper into the woods where i took off the money mask i was wearing and put on my bean beanie that kept my head from being completely cracked open. when joan crept up behind me, all of your lurid conspiring and your brilliance you didn't kill me, which is why i don't remember when donna led me into the clearing where jughead's body was and place the bloody rock in my hand. use the beanie to stop the bleeding. one, two, three, i think he's gonna make it. we're gonna do everything that we can. what about us? what do we do? go back to where you found him. clean the scene. did i forget to mention that betty and i went and saw the baxter brothers ghost riders. and when we told them our theory, they all asked for their lawyers. who you murdered? jane dallas brown. charles killed charles and jane because they were gonna spill the trees. built the baxter brothers franchise, and with that money, i helped build this school. a man of honor, my father is an ambassador, and i have diplomatic immunity. what the hell is this? the counter to your calendar? [Music], hidden in a secret compartment behind stonewall's crest, going somewhere. if you must know, i'm transferring to a new revenge for what the murder of your grandmother and links this entire web of death back to you. happy about it, but illegally has to look me back to riverdale high. that's great. yeah. so no one was surprised when a third round of sinister videotapes was delivered to our doorsteps. why are we here? i don't know. [Music]. i can't stop thinking about you, buddy. stop thinking about you either. and you and i feel safe with each other. we always have. i don't know. okay. i don't want to lose or hurt veronica either. it's just over. the fbi raided me. all my contraband's been confiscated. i was just released myself money. but this will allow me to buy cheryl out of the maple rum business. you refused my help numerous times, as i'd recall, it showed me that you have finally truly turned over a new leaf. i have a feeling we're only the first. i believe iowa has one of the best writing programs in the country. i applied for spring, but then they told me they could take me as early as fall. received this new video tape this morning. unless the person or person's responsible for yesterday's so-called prank rom is officially cancelled, honey has canceled prom at every high school. he's worked out my decision is final. actually, it's not. as president of the pta, i have a right to demand a vote on this matter. prom is officially back on. i thought you might want to see this. be warned, it's extremely unsettling. how long does this go on? for hours. and despite the pta's wishes, cancel prom if this tape even suggests the possibility of violence against any of my students. charles, yes, you can tell us whether or not this is you and the screen grab from the video you received. i was trying to help you. guess that's checkmate, mr honey. don't mess with us in our own town. looks like the good guys won. is that what you think happened here? well, you're leaving and we're staying. so, yeah, i'd mark that. i am stonewall prep's new headmaster. the best by far, was mr hudding. this year alone, he personally arranged for six low-income students to go to colleges on you may want to read it though, to fully comprehend your actions. the letter written by mr honey to the university of iowa. i have to change it. change what my story. i have to fix it. what made you rewrite it. well, i'm sorry to interrupt, but this was on our doorstep. that's the cabin where veronica's mom killed sheriff minetta, where they had their affair. dear headmaster koontz, greetings from riverdale high but i do believe jughead jones will be an important voice of his generation. sincerely, holden honey. you 