cinema synopses. spoiler alert. Tony Stark recalls a New Year's Eve party in 1999 where he meets scientist Maya Henson, I also want to see your research. the inventor of extremists, an experimental regenerative treatment intended to allow recovery from crippling injuries, disabled scientist, Aldrich Killian, offers them a place in his company advanced idea mechanics. but stark rejects the offer, humiliating Killian sleep on the roof in five minutes. years later, months after the Battle of New York, Starks experiences during the alien invasion are giving him panic attacks. you've experienced a severe anxiety attack. Restless, he has built several dozen Iron Man suits in my suit stir. they're partly creating friction with his girlfriend, Pepper Potts. meanwhile, a string of bombings by a terrorist known only as the Mandarin has left intelligence agencies bewildered by a lack of forensic evidence. you don't know, and you'll never see me coming, Stark. security chief happy Hogan is badly injured in a Mandarin attack, causing Stark to issue a televised threat to the Mandarin. I know you're a coward, so I've decided that you just died. pal who responds by destroying Starks home with helicopter gunships. do we need to worry about that? Henson, all binders, pal who came to warn Stark, survives the attack along with Potts agent. Stark escapes in an Iron Man suit, which is artificial intelligence. Jarvis pilots to rural Tennessee. I just stole the poncho from following a flight plan from Starks investigation into the Mandarin, Starks experimental armor lacks sufficient power to return to California, and the world believes him dead. teaming with Harley, a precocious ten-year-old boy, Stark investigates the remains of a local explosion bearing the hallmarks of a Mandarin attack. he discovers the bombings were triggered by soldiers subjected to extremists, which, at this stage of development caused certain subjects to explosively reject the treatment. after veterans started exploding, these explosions were falsely attributed to a terrorist plot. in order to cover up extremists loss. the slaves are sent to kill ourselves. stark witnesses extremists firsthand when Mandarin agents, Brent and seven attack him. Kilian has manipulated American intelligence agencies regarding the mandarins location, luring James Rhodes, the former war machine now rebranded as the iron patriot, into a trap to steal the armor. with Harley's help, Stark traces the Mandarin to Miami and infiltrates his headquarters using improvised weapons in Miami. inside, he discovers the Mandarin is actually an English actor named Trevor Slattery, who says he is oblivious to the actions carried out in his image. do you need someone? Kilian, who appropriated Henson's extremist research as a cure for his own disability and expanded the program to include injured War veterans, reveals he is the real Mandarin, using Slattery as a cover. after capturing Stark, Killian shows him Potts, whom he had kidnapped, being subjected to extremists. desperation, anything gives up that Nations is quite spectacular, in order to gain Starks aid to fix extreme is's flaws and thus saved pots Killian kills Henson when she is a change of heart and tries to stop him. the good news is a high-level position has just been vacated. you Romania dark escapes and reunites with Rhodes. this is the Mandarin. it's embarrassing discovering that Killian intends to attack president Ellis aboard Air Force One. they're using the iron Patriot as a Trojan horse. stark saves some surviving passengers and crew, but cannot stop Killian from abducting Ellis and destroying Air Force One. they trace Killian to an impounded, damaged oil tanker. welcome aboard, mr. president, where Killian intends to kill Ellis on live television. the vice president will become a puppet leader, following Killians orders, in exchange for extremists to cure his young daughters disability on the platform. Stark goes to save pots. so I'm located. responses road saves the president. mr. president, I'm gonna need that suit back. Stark's summons his Iron Man suits, controlled remotely by Jarvis, to provide air support. Rhodes secures the president and takes him to safety. while stark discovers Potts has survived the extremis procedure. however, before he can save her, a rig collapses around them and she falls to her apparent death. Starck confronts Killian and traps him in an Iron Man suit that self-destructs. do me a favor and blow mark 42, but fails to kill him. Potts, whose extremist powers allowed her to survive her fall, intervenes and kills Killian. after the battle, stark orders Jarvis to remotely destroy each iron man suit as a sign of his devotion to Potts, while the vice president and Slattery are arrested with Starks help. potus's extremis effects are stabilized. and as promised, I got pepper sorted out. Stark undergoes surgery to remove the shrapnel embedded near his heart. that was the best sleep I've had in years. he pitches his obsolete chest arc reactor into the sea, musing, he will always be Iron Men. I am Iron Man. in a present-day post-credit scene, Wow, I had no idea you were such a good listener. Stark wakes up dr. Bruce Banner, who fell asleep listening to his story. where did I lose you? elevator in Switzerland. so you heard I keep watching for some fun Easter eggs in trivia from Iron Man 3. in the comics, Ellen Brant is an agent of aim who tried to steal from biochemist Ted Sallis, who turned into the supernatural man thing and burned her face off. in the film, she is just sent in pursuit of Stark. however, she has minor scars on her face in an homage to her comic betrayal. when Maya, Tony and pepper are discussing the huge stuffed bunny in the living room tony has hung walking for his Jarvis. the stalking just so happens to be the same colors as vision the Android into which Tony and Bruce turned Jarvis in the Avengers age of Ultron movie. the dragon tattoos on aldrick Killians chest are of another Iron Man villain, Fin Fang Foom. when Tony Stark's mentioned is being blown up by the Mandarin, and to save Pepper Potts, he sends the Iron Man suit to cover her, to rescue her. and then immediately after, she comes over to rescue him. this is an allusion to the brief period in the comics when Pepper Potts gets her own Iron Man suit and is dubbed rescue the character of US. president Ellis is named after comic book writer Warren Ellis, who wrote the 2005 Iron Man story arc extremists, which this movie is based on. Iron Man creator Stan Lee does his usual Marvel cameo as a beauty pageant judge. released in 2013, this film marks the 50th anniversary of iron men. [Music] 