sneaking around boston for years, tom dolan has become a master thief, earning the nickname the in-and-out bandit for his slick ways when it comes to stealing large amounts of money. he turns over a new leaf when he meets and falls in love with annie wilkins, a psychology graduate student working at a storage unit facility. a year into their relationship, tom attempts to turn himself into the fbi in exchange for a short sentence, so he can put his criminal past behind him. fbi agent sam baker brushes him off, having received several false confessions in the past, and sends subordinates, john ivans and ramon hall to interview him. tom directs them to the storage unit where his money is hidden, but knives convinces hall to steal the money and keep it for themselves. knives and hall confront tom at gunpoint at his hotel. but baker unexpectedly arrives. knives murders baker, and tom is forced to flee with annie. when she also arrives at the hotel, tom tells andy everything and orders her to flee, fearing for her safety. however, she returns to the storage unit to get security camera evidence that shows knives and hall stealing the money. nivens and hall show up, and nivens knocks annie unconscious, but an increasingly reluctant hall tricks him into thinking she is dead and takes the evidence, unbeknownst to nivens. tom finds annie, anne races her to the hospital. he then escapes from police pursuit, defeats baker's partner, sean myers in a fist fight, and tells him what really happened before escaping. nivens goes to the hospital to kill annie, but can't get near her because she is under police guard. tom ambushes hall in his home and convinces him to give up the security footage of the storage company, which would incriminate the agents, and the location of the safe house where the money was kept. tom gets annie out of the hospital and leaves her in a safe place, then destroys nivan's house. nivens flees to the safe house and meets up with hull, where tom confronts them. when ivans discovers hull turned over the security footage, he murders him in a rage, wounds tom and escapes, anticipating his actions. tom plants a dud bomb in ivan's car, forcing him to call in a bomb squad to disarm it. when the police discovered the stolen money, nivens is arrested. agent myers receives a voice recorder which recorded the conversation between knives and hull before the gunfight at the safe house, proving tom's innocence in the death of agent baker. tom turns himself in, and myers promises to try to get a lighter sentence for tom. you 