Liss if you're a fan of greener grass, the relation trip or the hole in the ground, I think my varium will be right up your alley, or vice versa. it's the story of a young couple who get stuck in suburbia with a kid to raise. and while the director had based it on the housing crisis going on in Ireland, with people having trouble moving in, now it's highlighting people's fear of staying in with their kids. let me explain. so vivarium is a Belgian sci-fi horror that premiered at cons. it's directed by Lord kaan Finnegan, who describes it as life in three parts, kind of like a play that begins with act one, representing your youth, and then Act three, representing regret. the idea of the social contracts that young people buy into, that, you know, you're kind of, you've no real choice, you're expected to do these things and expect to take these steps, pretty much. they set out to create the most terrifying monster that would haunt people in their 20s. and they realize it's the fear of settling down in suburbia with a family. because if we learned anything in this year, it's that kids are more scared of being trapped inside and becoming a 23-19. it's more questioning rather than a message saying, I don't want to say, you have to do this. is more like showing the absurdity by and amplifying reality. and the idea of mortgages. the people are like, really try so hard to get one, and it's essentially just, you know, you buy something and then spend your life take it back, and they die. emotion boots and Jesse Eisenberg played the young couple, we're going cuckoo to find their own house. literally. there's a life cycle of a cuckoo shown right at the beginning, which has a surrogate mother taking care of the young before he takes care of her. so, spoiler alert, that's nature. that's just the way things are. as they continue their search for a home, they're taken for a viewing of yonder number nine, which looks just like eight and seven and six on Windsor has two families in it, even though it appears to only have one. it was actually designed that way to avoid any stigma of renting instead of owning. the entire place is more bland in a gluten-free potluck. pretty much the town is built like an Ikea, where, no matter how hard they try to leave, they just keep going back to the start. wait, I'm looking over the houses like he's in The Truman Show, extra emphasis on the your home forever. no matter what they do, they can't escape. and then their Prime shipped up. baby. it's a boy, just like the Cuckoo's they're stuck segregating this baby who's slurring more than a dude in the back of a 7-eleven. in 90 days, this mutant being has grown faster than the national debt. it's like a dog with the worst parts of a child. it imitates them. it doesn't sleep. it dresses up like a Mormon. I personally feel the movie gives you enough clues to piece together everything that's going on in the story, both metaphorically and literally. the biggest gripe I would have though, is that they had this boy sign in, like 6:45 a are. obviously, the metaphor here is how kids are sponges, you know, they take everything in that their parents do and they imitate it. which comes off as a surprise to a lot of parents who don't realize that that's what's happening. but what do you showcase it in 40 times speed? it's way more appearance and way more freaky. please just let me dig. okay, this is something I can do. please, just let me do this. Jemma, please just let me do this. okay, this is something I can do. just please, Jimmy, let me do this. we also see the kid disappear and bring back this book, which to me, is him getting indoctrinated by school, hence his ending. but really, the it could be any outside forces that could influence him, or are influencing him. it could be religion with the book. it could be the O book his friend gave them. but just like the Rorschach television that's putting subliminal messages into his brain. the whole point is that this is how he's learning everything. and in greener grass, they weren't even more blunt about how TV impacts kids. prospect foods is there Monsanto delivering straight to their home, meaning that they're expected to never leave. people living in these places and not knowing their neighbors, not knowing the children, eating processed food, vacuum packed in plastic. and it's kind of horrible. it's funny to see Jesse Eisenberg play machismo character, after everything we've seen Jesse, you in, like the dude was the villain in BBS, and he did the least damage. now he's stuffing kids into cars. he starts to dig because he's a gardener, and that's what he knows, which is really telling for a lot of people in this metaphor of going to work every day and day out and feeling like they're just digging themselves into a hole of dead or loneliness or despair. but hey, at least evil character before getting killed by a yellow spotted lizard. the idea of corporate nine-to-five, you know, developers creating housing complex to maximize profits, reminds me a lot of, sorry to bother you with, how corporations will do anything to keep people as workhorses. housing developments are that's program during the boom. and subsequently, when the crash came, were laughter sometimes abandoned and and some people ended up having bought a house in these places that were partially finished because, you know, maybe hundred houses and any one person living there. it won't be the only movie this year that's covering housing. issues with Candyman also on the horizon, which, as a Chicagoan, I'm gonna say right now, I swear, if y'all tourists turn cabrini-green into what you did the Joker stairs, I really appreciated going back on their filmography and seeing a lot of their other films that covered nature, and really just led to the artificiality of this one. without name was a previous feature of theirs, which is up for free on to be it follows a land surveyor who gets sent out to collect data for a scummy developer. kind of like how vivarium is studying its cap tees, but here, the forest isn't having it. my variant would be the reverse of that, right? it's trying to trap people instead. but imagine the developers getting their way and setting up, not just killing nature, but setting up something that's super artificial, hence the weird stuff that we're seeing here. they refer to it as eco horror, that the more we try to fight with nature, the more that mother gonna fight back. at a certain point, it does get into plants being sentient beings. but I think with our name is still an interesting movie to check out. especially in terms of their filmography. another one of their projects that has a similar look and feel and themes is the short foxes, which follows a woman having to decide between her suburban life or letting her enter she will foul. even his early short film, when we went all the way back, called the face pits, art versus corporate ads, you still see glimpses of these themes, having a man try to escape the, what did you know, it mortgage posters, as he tries to join the street art on the other side, only for it to also be covered up. so it's really interesting to see that those themes of corporations trying to take over, you know, natural settings and build up stuff, has been there for a while. and we see it with the very grim ending of this movie. by the end of it, Tom finds a body before getting body so fast, the boy grows up also just as fast, and pulls up Pennywise, trying to get away. from there, we enter this world where there's a bunch of different people, and they're going off to string theory, where they're all on different frequencies, so they never noticed each other. all for the boy to just get away at the end. what are people actually afraid of? what are people in the twenties really afraid of? and who wants to create a new monster? you know, living in the suburbs, stuck in a heist and that they're trying to pay off for forever? I'm becoming alienated from the children, not understanding what's going on with technology and everything, and doing all of that for their entire lives. men's dying. there was a bit that got cut involving an item that emotion leaves behind in the car that would have caused the boy to follow that lead and set up a sequel, which they denied. so metaphorically, it's covering all the despair that we go because of all of society's pressures and the stuff they imposed on us. narrative, Lee, you have these beings who end up coming full circle. they were able to use these surrogates to raise this being. and then it just goes back with an interesting note. P that the original Martin, the original real-estate guy, was also same actor who was voicing over the weird voices that the boy was doing. the trace of the bleakness of the film is that for the majority of people, they often don't get that choice, I think. and that's the kind of cathartic element to the film. yeah, that's why it's a horror film. overall, I think it's an interesting story. they can have multiple different takeaways. you know, if you're having trouble looking for a home, there's that. if you're having trouble stay in that home, there's that. there's the pressures of meeting society's expectations when they're really big businesses that have these blueprints, trying to trap you inside their maze as they study you, just like vivarium. but if there's one thing I took away from this video is that just taking a step back and seeing a director's progress and their filmography can sometimes paint a bigger picture than one film can. and then you really see the story they're trying to tell. I think you guys checking out this video in Kherson, are your thoughts down below in the comment section. yo, Irish films are they're really starting to kill her. one of my favorite comedies of last year was an irish film. thought it was super dope, and I really liked the a lot of the movies that these guys made. it was cool to go back and see a lot of their filmography, a lot of it is on YouTube for free. so I think that was really cool. but I am interested to see if they aren't gonna go the secret route. a lot of movies end up going that way. that's where they really make their money, I know. but they said they didn't want to go there. we'll see if they do it or not. but I know that they are working on more original projects. I'm very excited to see what they do. these guys had that indie style. they were talking about how in order to make all the houses look alike, they just had to flip the cars, you know, because of the budget that they had. so I'm curious to see what they do next. I'm also curious to see when emotion poops is gonna finish, Y the last man, because, you know, obviously that postponed because of a real virus at the moment. but I'm Kecia know you guys stops. what I'll stood out for you in this if there's any like Easter eggs or interpretations that really caught your eye, let me know down below in the comment section. let me know any other movies you want us to cover. and until next time, don't forget to comment. like it. subscribe or i'm a prime ship. you a demon baby. 