Story Recapped here. Today I'm going to explain a Korean drama film called Oldboy. Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. In 1988, A middle-aged man named Oh Dae-su was arrested for public intoxication and disorderly conduct on the night of his daughter's birthday. After his friend, Joo-hwan, bails him out, he calls his daughter on the phone to tell her to wait for him. However, before he could go home, he suddenly disappears, leaving behind the present for his daughter. Dae-su soon finds himself locked up in a hotel room with no windows, not knowing who his captors were or why he was abducted. He is constantly fed through a trapdoor, but he is also being gassed almost on a regular basis whenever his captors cut his hair, change his clothes or clean up his room. The only way Dae-su can learn about the outside world was through the TV. One day, he finds out that his wife, Kim Ja-hyun, had been killed. His blood and fingerprints were found at the crime scene, so he has become the prime suspect. By this time, Dae-su has started suffering from hallucinations. As months and years pass, he continues to descend into madness and tries to take his own life several times, but his captors revive him each time. Frustrated by his situation, Dae-su starts keeping a journal and writes down the names of people who might have a grudge against him. He also starts training himself to fight in the hopes that he could use it against his captors someday. After about six years, he had begun to dig a hole through the wall using only a metal chopstick. He keeps removing a few bricks from the wall over the years until he can hold out his hand and feel the rain outside. Dae-su starts planning his escape and covers the hole with the bed, but before he could completely hide it, he is knocked unconscious by the sleeping gas. As he lay on the bed, a woman arrives in his room and hypnotizes him. After fifteen years in captivity, he emerges from a luggage and finds himself outdoors wearing a brand new suit and a watch. After adjusting to the light, he sees his journals inside the luggage. He looks around and sees another man sitting on the ledge. Holding his pet dog, the man tells Dae-su not to stop him from jumping off the building. Seeing another human being for the first time, Dae-su takes the man's hand and holds it against his face. As Dae-su continues to relish his freedom, the man asks him, "even though I\'m no better than a beast, don\'t I have the right to live?" Dae-su just smiles and repeats the question. As the man was about to fall backward, Dae-su grabs him by his necktie. He tells the man to listen to his story first before killing himself. After telling his story, Dae-su walks away and grabs his journals. He completely ignores the man who was hoping to reveal the reason why he wanted to die. As Dae-su leaves the building, the man falls to his death on top of a car. Dae-su starts contemplating his next move while walking around the city. He avoids contacting his relatives or friends, knowing that he is still a suspect for the murder of his wife. When he comes across a group of young men on the streets, he tries out his fighting skills against them. Using only his fists, he successfully beats them up and continues wandering through the city. While he was sitting in front of a seafood restaurant, a homeless man hands him a cellphone and a wallet full of money. The homeless man tells Dae-su to avoid asking him any questions because he doesn't know anything. After inspecting the wallet, Dae-su enters a sushi bar and asks the server to bring him something alive to eat. Dae-su later recognizes the server as one of the contestants in a cooking competition on TV. When his phone starts ringing, he answers immediately and asks who's calling. The man on the other end taunts Dae-su by asking if he liked his new suit. Dae-su demanded to know why he was incarcerated and starts guessing who was behind the abduction. The man on the phone says that his identity is not that important. He tells Dae-su to reflect on his past to find out why he was locked up. The mysterious voice went on to ask Dae-su to find him quickly and hangs up. As Dae-su puts down the phone, the server brings him a live octopus, as he requested. She asks Dae-su if she should slice it up, but he just grabs it and starts devouring it. He collapses as soon as he finishes his meal. When he wakes up, he finds himself in the server's apartment recovering from a fever. The server tells him that the medicine she gave him was quite effective. While walking toward the bathroom, the server tells Dae-su that the lock is broken but warns him against following her because she has a knife. Despite the warning, Dae-su still goes inside the toilet and forces himself on her. The server thwarts his attempt by hitting him on the head with the butt of the knife. Dae-su prepares to leave the apartment, but the server stops him. She introduces herself as Mi-do and tells him that she is also interested in getting intimate with him, but she won't do it until she's ready. Dae-su soon decides to look for his estranged daughter with Mi-do's help. They find out that a couple from Sweden had adopted his daughter. Dae-su gives up on contacting his daughter and goes on a quest to find the man who abducted him instead. One day, Mi-do receives an online message from a man using the ID "Evergreen," asking her about "The Count of Monte Cristo." When Dae-su comes closer to investigate, Evergreen asks him how he\'s doing in the "bigger prison." Mi-do tells him that she has been chatting with Evergreen for some time to talk about sushi. Dae-su thinks that he can't trust Mi-do because of her online relationship with Evergreen, so he tries to find his captors on his own. He soon discovers the restaurant that delivers the food that he had eaten while he was in captivity. He follows a delivery man to the building where he was incarcerated and attacks a guard with a hammer. He later discovers that the prison is run by a criminal organization specializing in incarcerating people for a price. Dae-su tortures the man in charge of the operation by pulling out his teeth with the claws of a hammer. The man, named Mr. Park, says he never met with the client who paid for Dae-su's incarceration, but he recorded the phone call. Dae-su takes the recording and tries to leave the building, but a hoard of men waits for him outside Park's office. Armed only with his hammer and his fists, he fights them all off. He continues to fight even as he is stabbed in the back. When Dae-su finally gets out of the building, he pulls out the knife and collapses on the ground. A man on the street helps him up and puts him inside a taxi. The stranger gives the driver an address and reveals himself to be responsible for locking up Dae-su by calling him out by name. Unable to do anything because of his injuries, he just looks at the man as the taxi drives off. Back at home, he listens to the recording that he took from Mr. Park's office. He hears the man and Mr. Park talking about the length of incarceration and the types of drugs that they can use to medicate him if he develops schizophrenia during his captivity. When Mr. Park asks what Dae-su did to deserve a lengthy incarceration, the client tells him that Dae-su talks too much. The next day, Dae-su pays a visit to his friend, Joo-hwan, to ask him if he recognizes the client's voice in the recording. Joo-hwan cannot identify the client, but he helps Dae-su find Evergreen online. Evergreen taunts Dae-su further by letting him know that the statute of limitations on him has already expired. Dae-su goes back to Mi-do's home and starts torturing her to find out what she knows about Evergreen. As he tries to force more information out of Mi-do, Joo-hwan calls to tell him that he had discovered Evergreen's identity. Joo-hwan tells him that Evergreen's real name is Su Dee-ah, and he lives in a building just across the street from Mi-do's apartment. He immediately runs to the apartment and meets Evergreen and his bodyguard, Mr. Han. Evergreen tells Dae-su that he will kill Mi-do in five days unless he uncovers the motive behind his incarceration. He offers to take his own life if Dae-su succeeds. Dae-su tries to attack Evergreen, but the bodyguard fends him off. Evergreen went on to tell Dae-su that he will never find out the motive if he kills him. He further reveals that he is wearing a pacemaker that he can deactivate with a push of a button if Dae-su tries to torture him. As Evergreen prepares to leave, he encourages Dae-su to seek vengeance to deal with the pain of losing his wife and child. He reminds Dae-su that he had left Mi-do tied up in her apartment with the door wide open. Dae-su rushes back to Mi-do's place after hearing her scream. When he arrives, he sees Mr. Park and his goons abusing Mi-do. The goons overpower Dae-su and hold him down as Mr. Park attempts to remove his teeth with a hammer. A phone call interrupts them, and Mr. Han later arrives at the apartment and offers a briefcase full of money to Mr. Park. After looking at the briefcase, he agrees to take it and leave Dae-su unharmed. Dae-su threatens to cut off Mr. Park's hand for abusing Mi-do. Dae-su and Mi-do immediately leave the apartment after the goons left. On their way to a motel, Mi-do sings a song to indicate that she is ready to get intimate with Dae-su. After their lovemaking, sleeping gas seeps into their room, and Evergreen goes in to leave them a package. When they opened it, they see Mr. Park's severed hand. Dae-su realizes that Evergreen has bugged them, so he goes to a shop to find the device and get rid of it. Sometime later, Dae-su and Mi-do stop by Joo-hwan's internet cafe to learn out more about Evergreen. As Mi-do goes through the search results on the internet, Dae-su and Joo-hwan soon realize that Evergreen was the name of their batch in their old high school. Dae-su and Mi-do go to the school to look at the yearbook for the class of '79. He learns that Evergreen was a fellow student named Lee Woo-jin. Dae-su calls Joo-hwan to ask if he knows anything about Woo-jin. Joo-hwan says he doesn't recognize the name. Dae-su starts asking Joo-hwan about a female student named Soo-ah. Joo-hwan tells Dae-su that she died after he transferred to another school. When Dae-su asks for more details, Joo-hwan tells him that Soo-ah was a very promiscuous girl. Unbeknownst to them, Woo-jin is at Joo-hwan's cafe during the phone call. Enraged by how Joo-hwan described Soo-ah, Woo-jin kills him and reveals to Dae-su that Soo-ah was his sister. Dae-su tracks down Mr. Park to ask for more details about his incarceration. Due to the loss of his hand, Mr. Park willingly tells Dae-su that he had drugged the water to make him more susceptible to hypnosis. He also agrees to keep Mi-do safe while Dae-su goes on to find Woo-jin. Another former classmate tells Dae-su that Joo-hwan spread the rumors about Soo-ah's promiscuity. Dae-su later recalls that he had accidentally witnessed Woo-jin and Soo-ah engaging in intimate acts. He remembers that he had told Joo-hwan about it just before he transferred to another school. Using the clues left behind by Woo-jin, Dae-su was able to pinpoint where his former captor lives. He confronts Woo-jin and accuses him of using hypnosis to erase the memory of what he witnessed in school. Woo-jin argues that it wasn't hypnosis that made him forget about the incident. Dae-su simply forgot about it because it wasn't something that should concern him. Woo-jin reveals that the rumors about Soo-ah getting pregnant have started to spread soon after Dae-su left the school. The gossip has gotten so bad that Soo-ah began to believe that she was actually pregnant. Woo-jin blamed Dae-su for spreading the rumors. Dae-su accuses Woo-jin of killing his own sister because he feared people would find out about their illicit relationship. Woo-jin dismisses the accusations and starts recounting how he arranged the meeting between Dae-su and Mi-do with the help of a hypnotist. He shows Dae-su a photo album of his wife and child. As Dae-su flips through the album, he sees photos of the child growing up. Dae-su is horrified as he finds out that his daughter had grown up to be Mi-do. Enraged by what he discovered, Dae-su attacks Woo-jin, but Mr. Han stops him. Dae-su struggles to fight off Mr. Han but manages to injure him. Despite his serious injury, Mr. Han is still able to subdue Dae-su. After watching the altercation for some time, Woo-jin gets frustrated and decides to kill his own bodyguard. Woo-jin goes on to tell Dae-su that Mr. Park is still working for him. Back in Mr. Park's building, Mi-do is presented with a gift box and was told to open it. Dae-su tells her over the phone not to look inside and wait for him to get back. Dae-su starts begging Woo-jin not to reveal the truth to Mi-do. He kneels in front of Woo-jin and starts barking like a dog as a sign of his submission. Failing to make an impression on Woo-jin, he decides to cut off his own tongue. Woo-jin finally relents and tells Mr. Park to keep the gift box closed. He walks away leaves Dae-su with the remote control for his pacemaker. However, when Dae-su pushed the button, it only played an audio recording of him and Mi-do making love. Woo-jin walks into the elevator and starts recalling Soo-ah's death. Woo-jin tries to save her from falling, but Soo-ah tells him to let her go. As soon as the elevator opens, Woo-jin shoots himself in the head. Now living in a secluded countryside, Dae-su writes a letter to the hypnotist to tell his story and ask her for help. She tells Dae-su that she initially had no intention of helping him, but the last part of the letter convinced her. In the last sentence of the letter, Dae-su asks, "Even though I\'m no more than a beast, don\'t I have the right to live?" The hypnotist warns Dae-su that something might go wrong and mess up his memory. Dae-su agrees to go ahead with the session anyway. She proceeds with the hypnosis and tells Dae-su that his mind will be split into two personalities. The first personality will not know the truth about Mi-do, while the other one is the monster who will keep the secret. The monster will start walking away and age one year with each step until he reaches 70 and dies. Later on, Dae-su wakes up alone in the snow. Mi-do comes over and tries to warm him up. She embraces Dae-su and tells him that she loves him. Dae-su breaks into a smile upon hearing about Mi-do's feelings for him, but the smile slowly turns into a look of grief and pain as they continue to embrace. 