welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and far from home has confirmed for fans that Nick Fury is definitely a guy that you need to keep both eyes on. with a huge post-credit revelation, I thought I'd go back through the MCU and discuss all of the times that Nick Fury could have beena. well, you know what it is. from here or now, it's full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen spider-man far from home yet and don't want to know anything about the film, then I highly recommend that he turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into my MCU breakdown. Nick Fury first appeared in the post-credits scene of Iron Man, all the way back in 2008. and in hindsight, it became clear that, due to his dealings with Captain Marvel in the past, that he was aware that the planet was in need of some mighty protectors because of what could be coming down the line. fury, for me, at this point, is 100% human. but I believe that we could see this as the springboard to start getting contingency plans in place. flash forward to the Winter Soldier, and this is the first time, I think, that we see a scroll in the Marvel Universe. fury famously has an attempt on his life. and after he's attacked by the titular villain, I believe he decides to go into hiding. cut to fury meeting cap in his apartment. and it makes sense that, due to the danger that he was in, that he would send a Skrull bodyguard. this would explain how he's able to get shot by a high caliber gun and survive long enough to make it to the hospital. Theory literally tells cap in this scene to trust no one. and we all know how Scrolls love to drop lines about deception. next is Fury's big death scene that follows hung concurrently from the prior assassination attempt. Fury's death scene here always bothered me, as I've never really been able to gel with this version of events and how he was able to go into hidin from here. instead, I think that this is a scroll on the operating table, and it makes sense as to how he's able to die and come back later in the movie. I believe that the fury that we see in the rear end of the movie is the real one. but then the next time we see the character and age of Ultron that he is once again being replaced. so what evidence is there to support this? well, when Carol Danvers and Nick Fury meet in a bar about the midpoint of Captain Marvel, they test each other to see if they can prove that they are not scrolls, as a way to show that he's definitely human. Fury tells something so secret about himself that a scroll would never know it. and this is that he can't eat toast that's been cut diagonally. so bizarre, a scroll could never fabricate it. toasters cut diagonally. I can't eat it. you didn't need that, did you? no, no, I didn't. but I enjoyed it. okay, your turn. it's a pretty weird remark. it seems so random that it's strange it was even included. but if we look at age of Ultron, there's a very clear reason why this may have been put in the movie. this is because in the farm scene from that film, when Fury reunites with the team once more, he slices up a sandwich into triangles before eating it. I know that this isn't toast, but you think that the rules would still apply. it's the only time that we ever really see Fury eat. and those well-versed in film studies know that food and film is often chosen for very deliberate reasons. from here on out, I think that the fury that we see is the real one, even in the post-credits scene of infinity war and a lattice scene and endgame at tony's funeral. however, this made him realize that perhaps he needs to take a step back for a bit. and this is why he calls Talos to take over, and far from home, which is when we get the big reveal. whether we see the character do another switcheroo remains to be seen. but with Captain Marvel to reportedly coming out in phase four, we might finally get some confirmation of my theories, with the characters once again interacting properly with the alien race. a definitely thing that there's been Scrolls amongst the heroes the entire time, as when they land on earth. and Captain Marvel, there's clearly fought in the group, yet only three are accounted for in the film. that means one of them disappeared and was never seen or heard from again, and therefore remain on earth, probably working with fury and the rest of shield. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this theory. and if you agree with me or not, comment below and let me know. and if you have a theory on anyone else in the Marvel Universe being a scroll then make sure you tell me, because I'd love to read it. if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of the ending of spider-man far from home, which would be linked at the end. we go over all of the ins and outs of the post-credits scene, and I discuss where I think the film's will be going in the future. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. I also just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of Avengers and game to one lucky winner. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on my theory in the comments below. the winner will be chosen at random on August 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from there whoever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace you. 