hello everyone. this is mk. today we watch mission impossible 4, ghost protocol, on assignment in budapest to intercept a courier working for a person of interest codenamed cobalt. imf agent trevor hanaway is killed by an assassin named moro. hanaway's team leader, jane carter, and newly promoted field agent benji dunn, extract ethan hunt and ethan source, bogdan, from a moscow prison. ethan is recruited to lead carter and benji to infiltrate the secret moscow kremlin archives and locate files identifying cobalt. halfways through the mission, someone broadcasts across the imf frequency, alerting the russians to ethan's team. although ethan, benji and jane escape, a bomb destroys the kremlin, and russian agent cydorf accuses ethan of masterminding the attack. the imf extracts ethan from moscow. the russians have called the attack an undeclared act of war, and the u.s president activates ghost protocol, a black operation contingency that disavows the entire imf. ethan and team are to take the blame for the attack. but will be allowed to escape from government custody so that they may operate to track down cobalt. before ethan can escape, the imf secretary is killed by russian security forces led by cydorov, leaving ethan and intelligence analyst william brandt to find their own way out. the team identifies cobalt as kurt hendricks, a swedish-born russian nuclear strategist who believes the weak must die for the strong to survive, and so plans to start a nuclear war to start the next stage of human evolution. hendricks bombed the kremlin and acquired a russian nuclear launch control device, and now needs its codes from the budapest courier in order to launch a nuclear missile at america. the exchange between moro and hendrix's right-hand man, wistrom, is due to take place at the burj khalifa in dubai there, ethan's team members separately convince moro and wistrom that they have made the exchange with one another. however, moro identifies brandt as an agent, while ethan chases wistrom, only to realize whistrom is actually hendricks wearing his mask, while hendricks escapes with the codes. jane managed to detain moro. moreau attempts to kill the inexperienced benji, and jane throws her out a window to her death. brandt accuses jane of compromising the mission for revenge against moro, but ethan accuses brant of keeping secrets from them, as he has displayed fighting skills atypical of an analyst. and ethan also blames him for forgot to subscribe the channel. movie 10 minutes. while ethan seeks more information from bogdan, brandt admits he was assigned as security detail to ethan and his wife, julia. while on assignment, julia was killed by a serbian hit squad, prompting ethan to pursue and kill them, before he was caught by the russians and sent to prison. bogdan and his arms dealer cousin inform ethan that hendrix will be in mumbai. hendricks facilitated the sale of a defunct soviet military satellite to indian telecommunications entrepreneur briyanath, which could be used to transmit the order to fire a nuclear weapon. while brandt and benji infiltrate the server room, to take the satellite offline. jane gets brahinath to reveal the satellite override code. but hendrix has anticipated ethan's plan and takes nath servers offline before sending a signal from a television broadcasting tower to a russian nuclear submarine in the pacific. the submarine fires on san francisco. ethan pursues hendricks and the launch device, while the other team members attempt to bring the broadcast station back online. ethan and hendricks fight over the launch control device, before hendricks jumps to his death with it to ensure the launch. benji kills wistrom, allowing brandt to restore power to the station and enabling ethan to deactivate the missile. he is confronted by cydorov, who sees ethan has stopped the missile, proving the imf is innocent in the kremlin bombing. the team reconvenes weeks later. ethan issues them new assignments. brandt refuses to accept the mission, but ethan reveals that julia's death was staged as he knew he could not protect her, and used her death as a pretext to infiltrate a russian prison and get close to bogdan an imf source on hendrix. relieved of his guilt, brandt accepts his mission. while ethan watches julia from afar. they share a smile before he goes off on his next mission. thank you for watching. please subscribe for more movie updates. [Music]. you 