welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where they all float with Pennywise making a return to our screens. with it, Chapter two, I thought I'd revisit the first film and go over every scene with a fine-tooth comb to point out all of the times that Pennywise was hidden away in the background, secretly watching our characters. it's crazy the amount of times that he pops up. and hopefully this list will enrich in your love for the film by showing you just how much of a hold that the killer Klown has on the town of Derry. there will be some spoilers here in regards to the movie, so if, for whatever reason, you haven't seen it yet, then I highly suggest that you turn off. now, with that out the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into my breakdown of every time that Pennywise was hidden away in the background of a scene. okay, so the first one comes right at the beginning of the movie, when Georgie is going down to the basement. throughout the house, there are several small images of Pennywise ingrained into the wallpaper as Georgie makes his way to the wax. and in a blink and you'll miss a moment that roughly takes place over two frames. you may also notice his small, shiny eyes watching the young boy at the top of the stairs as he descends into the basement. whilst he also appears later in the scene hiding under the stairs. this is the first of many examples that shows you that he's always one step behind his prey, constantly stalking them and waiting for the perfect moment to attack. up next is the library scene with Ben, in which there were several minor appearances by penny wise before he makes his final play and tries to attack the character. the first one comes in the form of a creepy librarian that slowly watches Ben as he reads about the history of Derry. throughout the seen, the mysterious librarian creepily stares at him, smiling as he digs deeper into what exactly may be going on in the it's a really haunting scene, and it's something I didn't even pick up on my first couple of watches. though the more you focus on the background of the scene, the more you realize that Pennywise is slowly making his play. another blink and you'll miss it. moment also happens in the scene when Ben is flicking through the book. and in a small frame that flies by so fast you have to screenshot in order to see it, you will see the children's Easter egg hunt that infamously ended in disaster in the top right of the photo. when paused, you will notice a blurry vision of Pennywise that shows that he was the cause behind the massacre and has been in the town at several key points. soon after the scene, Ben is caught by Henry Bowers, and we see a small balloon pop up in the back window of a car during the attack, as he calls up a help. this shows that Pennywise has a hold over the adults in Derry and is physically controlling them so that they will appear nonchalant any trouble and the children in the area get into whilst this one is rather obvious, it adds a nice amount of subtext to the city and definitely lets you know that Pennywise has the ability to reach into pretty much every aspect of Derry. the next one comes during the scene in which the losers Club try and help Ben with his cuts. the characters are all leaning up against a wall with graffiti behind them, which seems innocuous enough, until during the scene, Pennywise his face appears in the markings of watching them. the face definitely isn't there earlier in the scene, so it's safe to say that this has definitely been done with something else other than spray paint. it's an awesome little addition that once again cements just how able Pennywise is with hunting his prey. he can follow them wherever he wants to, and this makes him infinitely more terrifying. up next is a rather obvious one, but I thought I'd include it just in case you missed it. June, the scene in which the losers Club all admit and they're afraid of something, we could see a clown on the stage in the background, staring at the group. and when Ritchie says that he hates clowns, the figure reaches out menacingly to him with a balloon, and from this point on just stares at him. and finally, I'll focus on his appearance in the TV show that seems to be plastered across every television screen in Derry. whilst Pennywise definitely appears at the end, taunting Henry to kill his own father. if you go back and watch the movie, you will notice that this show also appears and the rest of the film. firstly, Eddie's mother is sat watching when the children go out. and later, when Beverly sneaks past her father, he too is watching it. so it might be just a great thing to watch, right? like like the heavy spoilers show. yet, well, you can actually hear the woman in the show say, it's okay to go and play in the sewers. it's safe and fun. this is, of course, telling children to enter penny wisest domain and to potentially become his next meal. so yeah, it's probably the creepiest thing out there that anyone could be watching. what makes it clear that this is all part of penny wisest plan is cemented by the fact that it's playing when Beverly sneaks past it, then when we cut back to the TV moments later, it's just playing static. so yes, something suspicious is definitely going on here. and that's every time that I know is penny wise popping up in the background of a scene in the film. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this list. did you notice them? and have you spotted any more that I missed out? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of all the monsters from scary stories to tell in the dark, which would be linked at the end. in it, I go about everything you need to know about the creatures. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more. if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see it over there. after this, I also just want to let you know that we're currently giving away a free copy of John wick three on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on it in the comment section below. the one will be chosen at random on September the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 