the mandalorian and the child head to navero. after the monday calamari repairs to the ship proved inadequate. a they reunite with grief karga and cara dune there, who have since turned the planet around. cara has become the local marshal, while grief has taken on the role of magistrate, assisted by the unnamed mithral b. in return for the repairs, the mandalorian agrees to help destroy an old imperial base on the other side of the planet. the child is placed in a school where he uses the force to steal blue macaron treats from another student. the base turns out to have more than just a skeleton crew and stormtroopers patrol the corridors. they deactivate the lava cooling system so that the natural lava flows will destroy the base. during their escape, they find scientists and vats of what appear to be cloned bodies. the scientists attempt to destroy the evidence. mithral uncovers a recording from dr pershing that reveals he had been transfusing the blood of the child, which has a high m count, into test subjects. stormtroopers soon swarm the team, and they are forced to escape before the lava overheats and destroys the base. the mandalorian flies from the base to retrieve his ship using his pack, whilst carga, dune and mithral steal a stormtrooper transport. a chase ensues between the transport, driven by dune, and speeder bikes manned by scout [Music] troopers. [Music] grief, karga kills the last scout trooper, but tie fighters launched from the base chase after them, disabling the transports cannon. [Music], the base soon explodes due to the overheating of the lava. as the tie fighters close in on dune, karga and mithral, the razor crest appears and destroys the imperials. [Music], with his ship repaired and navero secured, mandu heads for corvus to track down ahsoka to know the new republic visit cargoed to investigate the incident, with captain carson tava noting something is brewing and we need to put a stop to it. tava speaks with dune and tries asking for her help in fighting remnants of the empire. when alderaan dune's homeworld is mentioned. she tells tava that she lost everything after its destruction. an imperial officer receives confirmation from one of the mechanics working for grief karga that a tracking beacon has been placed on the razor crest move. gideon is informed and declares that they will be ready. the episode ends with gideon looking over a line of dark troopers awaiting. [Music] activation. [Music] you 