listen, this movie feels like an early 2000s film. he's one of those movies that's meant to come out Thanksgiving as it builds up for the Christmas season. but I feel like I already owned this one on VHS, so it's definitely a combo price for me. and also, people were having the Mandela effect just hearing the name Suzanne. but what's funny is that he's actually the original Captain Marvel yet his own series back in the 1930s, and then DC sued them cuz they thought he was too similar to Superman. and I guess that didn't matter, cuz they bought the rights, kept the powers and just rebranded him to Shazam. what's funny is that at one point, way back in the past, this character was making more money than Superman. and well, you know how a lot of people think we're reliving 2007, brah. it's like the 1930s in here. so in case you don't know anything about this series, I definitely get into spoilers in order to break down why it works. so make sure you go watch it, cuz I'm telling you, it's definitely worth it. let me explain. now, for starters, I have to pay my respects to sing you are. David F. Sandberg. if you watch any LME, even if you watch them A to Z videos, I have adamantly praised as dude. and this come up that he's had, like you know how there's an abundance of video essays covering Fincher, Tarantino and Nolan? well, I've been shouting this guy out since before it becomes a trend. this guy was in his 30s, making short films that he was still hosting on YouTube before they went viral. and he was able to make lights out homie. then becomes best buds with one, I guess, because he killed it with the conjuring movie he made. then as Juan went up to DC, dude comes in and also makes the best DC movie yet. and the best part of it is that no matter how big the budget gets, he's still putting his own spin on it. like Shazam feels like a fantasy movie, sort of like Harry Potter and The Mummy. and that's the reason why I love it so much. but you know, what got me with this was that I was looking at the credits of Shazam and realized that his wife, who he was making short films with back in the day. actually played the researcher in Shazam who got arced of the Covenant, and actually has been in every single one of his movies, no matter how big they've gotten. so I was already inspired by his come up. but then I go onto her Twitter account and I see her profile say, making films with my boo. but then I go on his, and he has the same thing. damn. like those who don't know this whole channel has been us too. my girlfriend and I watch every single movie together. we go to every single festival together. she's the one who edits all of these videos. and our main goal with telling these little stories has always been to build an audience of movie lovers who, I don't know, maybe one day will give us their ellamy on our movies. so these two right here have me feeling away. so shout out to all the couples pushing each other and their dreams. anyways, as far as Shazam, here's the wisdom of Solomon, the strength of Hercules, the stamina of Atlas, power of Zeus, courage of Achilles, speed of mercury, and hopefully a better box office than his mates. all he has to do is say the name and he gets his superpowers. and considering this universe started off super dark, and it seemed like you had a way for the dlc to even get the full movie, I'm kind of liking this new route that they're going for with the anti cinematic universe. it could be abuse on video, pretty much. it seems like none of the upcoming movies for DC are even connected. there's like a whole nother Joker. they swapped out half the cast for the Suicide Squad movie, which I guess is already a reboot in and of itself. so if DC is treating their movies like they do their comics, personally, I'm excited. if you've been a comic book reader, you know there's like 27 different pet main series going on at the same time. sometimes the books correlate, sometimes they don't. sometimes they look similar because they share the same artist. you'll be reading a book, and randomly it'll get rebooted back to number one. I don't know. so while doing that with the movies maybe confusing, I think, I think maybe core to have options. that way you may find a joker you like, and that'll be better than, you know, getting stuck with one and having a way till the next decade. again, it's a cinematic anti verse. in terms of the movie, you follow this kid named Billy Batson who lost his mom when he was younger, so he's hopping from different sets of foster families. he's raised in Philly, so he's as blunt as can be, dudes, duping police officers in order to find his mom's address. but, I mean, these cops are eating Geno's, so they kind of earned it. go to Max's bro ante. Oh, Sheldon comes in, who I'm pretty sure is playing the same role that she did in lights out, which was also David's movie. she was playing a social worker there, so shout out to the man keeping his crew. but she's the one who finds Billy a new foster family to take care of him. and I don't care how angsty you are, I don't care how mad you are, you wouldn't have to convince me to stay with these people right here. I like all usually foster parents, for the most part, in movies, have been, you know, kind of getting the negative side of things. and now movies are kind of flipping that on its head, especially with these two who are talking about how you gotta build the home and then show them love. man, they say, mark who? Billy then sort of befriends Freddy, who's a superhero fishin Otto. and I really like this actor because, while he does look like The Princess Bride kid, not only is this kid hilarious, like he wasn't it, but if you saw a beautiful boy, he also played younger Timmy, and he might just take that mantle in the future. but I love how they're fans of Heroes within this movie, and that brings a different viewpoint. you know, it's our viewpoints. they have the merch the collectibles. they would be the ones waiting in line or shopping on Fandango to get tickets to their own movie. so when Billy Batson becomes Shazam, I was freaking dying in that scene. like, to him, this is the weirdest position to be in, because he has no idea that this guy is a wizard. Billy straight-up told Digimon over here, sorry, dude, I got no money. and the wizard was like, hey, touch my staff and say my name. it was like, no, thank you, saying dusky. but what's so cool about this fantasy element is that it reminded me of one of my favorite TV shows, which I don't want to spoil in case some people having gone to that season. but you know what I'm talking about when I say, beings looking for replacements. on top of that, I loved how they messed with tropes, like there's always that convenient convenience store where a mugging is happening. but the way that they did it here for training at that was cool. also, how they how they sawed off the beer in the trailer, right? we don't give enough credit to the marketing team when they think ahead of them. controversy, we just always complained. learning powers Chronicle style was great, especially when they uploaded it to YouTube and then probably got hit with a Warner Bros strike. Freddie then becomes his manager. and at a point, Billy even gets so money hungry, he's just using his powers for like those Times Square people wearing costumes, asking for money. that then leads to the cliche of saving the bus from a bridge, which actually was caused by him. I also really like the villain saying his master plan, but he was too far away. it's all great stuff. Billy wise, though, he was i as a kid, Thaddius, you're already setting him up to be one. as the kid. Thaddeus was transported to that same realm to be conscious AM. but then the wizard, last second, was like, yes are. you ain't worthy, kid, but why'd you even waste my time? now, not saying getting told you're not special should make you evil. you know, I'm not saying give all Millennials participation trophies or they'll become super villains. but the fantasy friday night lights dudes will really carry on a dream even after they've lost it. the dumb part is that this guy wants power, even though he already has an entire staff of researchers working for him. my man literally is John P Sullivan with all the doors, yes, coming in and out. he's like waternoose 2/4 over here, with how obsessed he is with magic that when he finally finds it, he gets possessed by the seven deadly sins. now, these things look like gargoyles that came out of him. and I didn't think it was cool how some like Creed specifically had more hands to reach for more things. but according to Total Film, and I can't fully confirm this because it's not on the IMDB. Andy Serkis helped with the mocap, but I don't know. what I do know is that the board meeting scene where he goes after his father and brother, are you sure this was pg-13? dude. for a second I thought David forgot. he wasn't into conjuring universe anymore. like this was some Resident Evil deaths that were going on, chomping on heads, throwing them out the window. man, I loved it. then. I don't know where this scene happens, you know. and I think there's a handful of scenes that have pushed through the superhero genre that have impacted us, like, very much emotionally. you know. most recently is the Spidey not feeling good, and I would say outfits cry the entirety of Logan. while I'm adding this punch into the mix, the scene where Billy finds his mom and realizes that she didn't lose him, but left him, did David? what the hell? like, when you think about how every superhero story, like, think about this, every superhero story pretty much revolves around them losing a parent. and this one flips that on its head by having the parent leave the child. [Music], it egami. before I wrap the ending, I'll be honest here and mentioned some things that didn't work for me. I think everybody feels the same way about the bullies. like, what kind of convicts were these two? I also wish they fleshed out a bit more of the siblings, because, while I can't speak for them, if they kind of feel like an episode at Jesse where they were just, you know, filling in a quota, mainly because they weren't given much personally, I don't think Billy would be the one to floss. also, considering how cynical he is, he'd probably make fun of it. but then I was this one thing that may be super minor, but I had to deal with the music. and unless it was my screening, there was this thing that would happen in between scenes where the soundtrack would rise while the scenes about to end, but then in the next thing that gets muted. maybe it was me, but I know some other people were noticing it. oh wait. I still loved the movie. those are the only problems that I had with it. and then there was that ending that I loved. see, this is the part where I say it's a Christmas movie, because all Christmas movies are really about a family working together. not saying that superhero movies don't have that, but usually their loved ones are on the side. but when they turn to all the siblings into superheroes so they could fight together, not only did I think the characters worked better in those bodies, but that entire sequence had to be smiling. look, you know how in civil war that Airport scene makes you feel like you're playing with action figures on the big screen? well, that fan perspective that the movie has makes that climax feel like you're superheroes with your friends. that may sound corny, I don't care, because I loved it. and that goes back to these two who always work together and have that family aspect. because I truly believe that the best way for a family to bond is if they work together. obviously, everyone can still do their own thing and, you know, show each other support, but there's a big difference when you don't have to come home from work and recap your day because they were there with you. that's what they showed in this movie. that's what these two have, and I can concur it's one of the best bonding experiences like no other. so, yeah, I really like this movie. the rumor is that the sequel fridge is actually going to be a spin-off based on the villain. and considering it's the rock who's playing Black Adam, I'm freaking excited. the idea of DC having villain movies is just like that villains month they had in the comics. so I'm geeking out like crazy. and I don't really know what the mastermind worm is going to do. I'm aware of it. I read the comics, but I'll be completely honest with you, considering Teen Titans already grilled the hell out of it, the only thing you're gonna destroy, firstly, can take it too serious. but it is meant to be a major villain who's actually a genius. it's just stuck in that body. and what's interesting is that it's actually the director who voices the worm. so it'll be cool to see if, you know, it becomes his court, if mr. mine builds up to be as big as Thanos, if it gets its own miniseries, perhaps collectibles, if it's able to create a new iconic rivalry that puts these two in the forefront of pop culture. but what I do know is that y'all better adapt this book first. thank you guys for checking out this video. here's to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. I really like this movie. yeah, I know that there are some things, maybe the CG. I've heard some people have some gripes about it, but I haven't seen anyone who hates this movie or thinks it's boring. and I would say that it goes all the way to the credits that feel like a Saturday morning cartoon, even that final lunch scene. where are you Henry? have you not shaved? yeah, I have no idea why he didn't appear. I don't know if he's Fez Jack, I don't know who's still employed for DC, I'll say that. but the fact that the brothers finally were able to like, be there for each other, it's a beautiful movie. man. you know, I had, I heard someone come out saying, it's about time a male lead got a good movie at do you see that's true? I'm excited for what comes next. I'm actually excited for DC movies now, after they broke me. I made that video long ago. obviously, I was still watching them. but I I wasn't excited for when this movie killed it. be it the director, cuz I love his work and loved seeing his comic, just be it how how they were just able to adapt it, or this new look. that Joker trailer also looks dope. I don't really do trailer reactions, so I'm reacting it to it right here. that trailer is crazy. I'm Kirsten on your thoughts, whether you liked it, whether you didn't. I don't think everyone did, but I let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and you'll get your own DC movie, which will get rebooted before it's done. 