[Music]. [Applause]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and after the Netflix Marvel shows were sadly canceled across the board earlier this year, we have new reports that Disney and Marvel Studios are looking to resurrect the properties and bring them into the MCU. this report is slowly moving across the internet, and according to sources, Marvel are very interested in bringing Vincent d'Onofrio's kingpin, as well as Charlie Cox's daredevil into the fold. the latter is rumored to be appearing as Peter Parker's lawyer in the upcoming film spider-man 3. and this makes a lot of sense, as the webhead will definitely need a public defendant at Southside. it will also give someone for she-hulk to go to for advice down the line. and these two lawyers could add another dimension to the MCU. after the popularity of daredevil on Netflix, this isn't really surprising. and whilst I do think that the property definitely did diminish over time, these two actors completely knocked it out of the park with their betrayals, so it makes sense to bring them to the movies. there are rumors that the show's will be resurrected on Hulu, which Disney now owns. and their return could definitely be set up in the Marvel films before being fully fleshed out on smaller screens. we know that this is already happening on Disney plus with the MCU characters. so it makes sense for the more adult incarnations to take place on Hulu. Vincent D'Onofrio was, of course, very vocal about the cancellation of daredevil, and I think the majority of fans were disappointed by the fact that we wouldn't really get closure to the epic season 3 finale did not free OHS. kingpin is arguably up there with Dan oz as the universe is strongest film, and it would be awesome to see his incarnation continue to dominate New York. many fans will instantly be on board with the return to form for the seasons. and to have them feature in the Cinematic Universe as a reintroduction will definitely work for a number of big reasons. it just makes sense from a business perspective to flesh out the universe even further with the Netflix universe, but to correctly tie them and be on lip service this time. now, when this gets officially announced, we will of course keep you up to date. but in the meantime, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the news. and if this has got you excited for what the future holds, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it and make check out our breakdown of the sony disney deal, which will be linked at the end. we go over everything you need to know about the terms and conditions. so make sure that you check it out after this if you want to know more, if you want to come chat to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books. and make sure you follow me on twitter, at definition white team. it's the best place to get in touch with me and is the perfect way to suggest new videos and topics. so hopefully I see over there after this. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, kids, subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care, peace. [Music], 