[Music]. on March 21st, 2023, the media credits the annual purge, a 12-hour period where in all crimes are legal without authorities intervening. as an economic success. everywhere people are they're prepared to barricade themselves in doors or commit acts of violence. the nation's impoverished population is no longer seen as people, but as living garbage whom the wealthy denounce is only living to serve their needs. however, before the 6th annual purge begins, a successful anti purge resistance group led by Carmelo Johns and his partner, the stranger from the first film, revealed as Dwane hijack, government, feeds to denounce the new founding fathers and their actions. in Los Angeles, working-class waitress Eva Sanchez returns home to her 17 year old daughter, Cali, and terminally ill father, Rico, who also despises the new founding fathers. as Eva and Cali prepared to barricade themselves into their apartment, Rico retires to his room to be alone as the purge starts. as the purge alarm sounds, Rico slips out to a waiting limousine, leaving a note for his family, revealing that he has sold himself as a purge offering in exchange for $100,000 to be paid to Eva and Cali after the purge. Eva and Cali are distraught by the situation. married couple Shane and Liz, visit a grocery store, only to be ambushed by a masked gang of bikers. as they drive away to avoid them, their car breaks down as the biker gang had cut their fuel line. meanwhile, an off-duty Los Angeles Police Department sergeant, Leo Barnes, plots to kill a man who had an inverted Lea run down and killed the son while driving drunk, not during the purge, and was acquitted on legal technicalities. Barnes drives out into the streets heavily armed, posing as a vigilante. as Shane and Liz try to find safer hiding places. the purge commences. Eva and Cali are attacked by their lustful superintendent, Diego, who felt insulted in the past by Eva. but he is gunned down by a paramilitary platoon, which captures the women to offer them to their leader, Big Daddy, for his own personal purge. the sergeant rescues them. after killing the troops and wounding Big Daddy, they find Shane and Liz hiding in the sergeant's car. the group flees just as Big Daddy fires at them, damaging the car. as the sergeant's car breaks down, the group flees on foot to reach the home of Eva's co-worker, Tanya, and borrow her car. as they navigate the hostile streets, they find evidence that the anti purge group has been gaining the upper hand against the perjures, discovering a paramilitary van surrounded by soldiers who were shot to death by their resistance fighters. after freeing Shane from a trap and taking guns from the abandoned van, they head to the subways. Technic purging gang invades the subways and sets hiding people on fire, causing chaos. Shane is wounded, but the group manages to escape after he and Liz destroy the gangs all-terrain vehicle and his propane tank with the salvaged submachine guns, killing the entire gang. after running for their lives, Eva unknowingly signals a traffic camera to identify them to the new founding fathers of America troops, who pick up the location of Tania's apartment building. the group reaches Tanja's house, but learns no cars there. Tanya's family takes them in, offering dinner and medicine. however, Tanya's sister, Lorraine proceeds to murder her sister for sleeping with her husband. the group leaves the family to their fate, only to be captured by the masked gang, who revealed that they had no intention to kill them and are selling them off to an auction, taking them to a theater where upper-class perjures bid them for human hunting. after the gang is forced into the arena, the sergeant subdues and kills apperture, taking his weapon and night-vision glasses, using the devices to overpower and kill several other attackers, providing their arms to Shane and the others, before the head perjure, Janice, calls in security to suppress the uprising. Shane is shot and killed by security forces. the anti purge group attacks the compound, killing the security forces and remaining perjures. liz chooses to stay with the resistance fighters to retaliate against Shane's murderers, while the sergeant, Eva and Cali leave the sergeant carjacks Jan is, holding her at gunpoint and announcing her before leaving in her car. the sergeant, Eva and Cali drive up to a suburban neighborhood and stop at the home of warren grass. he reveals that grass killed his son while driving under the influence, but was acquitted. he ventures into the house, threatening Warren and his wife. the sergeant exits the house covered in blood, only to be shot by Big Daddy, who reveals that the new founding fathers have secretly dispatched death squads to increase the body count because the purge eliminates too few of the lower-class, possibly due to perjures, murdering those they have personal grudges against, and not just random people. justice. he is about to kill the sergeant, Warren appears and shoots Big Daddy with a pistol, killing him, revealing that the sergeant chose to spare him. as Big Daddy's death squad appears, sirens blare to signal the end of the purge, making Big Daddy's death legal and sparing sergeant Warren drives Eva, Cali and the sergeant to the hospital as news and police helicopters fly over the city 