welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, the guy who's living in his own loop right now. and this episode, were breaking down one of the craziest fan theories on Westworld, that is that caleb is actually sir axe brother. it's a theory that made me chuckle when I first heard it. I was laughing, then crying, then laughing some more. then at about 3:00 in the morning, I still hadn't stopped thinking about it. and after researching the topic, I think there's a lot of evidence to support it. throughout this video, we're going to be going through the ins and outs on the theory and discussing why it may be true. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you want fully co-op with the show, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos on Westworld every week. and if you enjoy it, then please hit the thumbs up button without the way. thank you for clicking this. now let's get into a breakdown of whether caleb is sir axe brother or not. okay, so this theory was dropped on my breakdown of episode 5 yesterday by trend Fung Petra. I hope I pronounced that right. though it was pretty short and sweet, it did start nipping away at my brain, and I haven't been able to stop thinking about it since. it's made me really question everything that we know about Caleb and everything that we don't. the guy is a real mystery when you lay it all out. and on the surface, he's a bit of an enigma. so let's start by talking about everything that we do know about him. firstly, caleb is a war veteran that was shot in the head during his service. his best friend, Francis, died right in front of him. and since then, he's lived a blue-collar lifestyle and able to progress beyond it because of what Rehoboam has predicted for him. in order to make money on the side and pay for his mother's medical treatment, caleb occasionally takes part in criminal activities. these are assigned to him through an uber like Act known as Rico. Caleb was abandoned as a child by his mother, and he was left at a diner. he vividly remembers a waitress named sorrow that gave him a cheeseburger and strawberry milkshake to help calm his nerves, due to the anxiety caused by his mother disappearing, he vomited it back up, and eventually he wound up in social services. these memories of very vivid for Caleb, and may, in fact, showcase they are plants, which we'll discuss in just a bit. Caleb's mother was found six months later, and she was diagnosed with schizophrenia. his mother no longer recognizes him. and before meeting Dolores, he lived in pretty much his own loop, with no friends, prospects, or really anything beyond his job. I miss you, George. now where things get interesting is because in Episode five, Liam Dempsey junior looked at the character through his AI lace glasses, and he seemed shocked at what he saw. he did not divulge this information, but he did clear up that he wasn't the one who sent Caleb and Francis off to war. he said throughout the entry that Caleb did not really know who he was. and no, it could have been the character trying to mess with him, it does seem unlikely. and his dying breaths, Dempsey jr. said, you did it. and no, we don't have any clarification on this the flashbacks that Caleb got did tease a couple of things. now, I think, even without the theories, we can take that Caleb, at some point has had his memory wiped. someone with clear access to his past, such as Dempsey junior, could see that the character didn't really have one, and therefore we can take a lot of his memories as being fabrications. in the finale of episode five, we also got a flash of Caleb in a reeducation Center, which we learned through our episode five or we're outliers and anomalies are sent in order to stop the world from descending into chaos. these are flagged up by Rehoboam as being impossible to predict, and therefore they are removed from civilization. sir acts brother was amongst them, because apparently he planned to kill Dempsey senior. at the end of the episode, we learn that serac did, in fact kill Dempsey senior anyway. so taking his brother out of the equation, in hindsight, did seem a bit fruitless. serac, similar to his brothers, on me, is also very difficult to predict. and it seems wrong of the character to send him to a re-education Center for wishing to carry out the same crime that he eventually would. now, though we don't know what goes on in these facilities, there are certain things that we can guess when we are given a glimpse into their inner workings. we can see that those sent there are not killed. rather, they are looked after and watched over by doctors. the only reason, I think, that they will be kept like this is because they are pumped back into the system at some point. the fact that they are also called reeducation centers give us a big clue as to what really goes on there. it is possible that the re-education is a sort of brainwashing technique that takes away their identity and then gives them a new one, complete with new memories. in the brief flash that we see of Caleb in the center, a doctor is standing over him, and he's wearing goggles. throughout the season, we have learned that these goggles can provide highly advanced VR imagery. and if one was subjected to it long enough, it is possible that they would believe this to be their reality. I believe that this is confirmed by serac, who states that he is merely changing those held captive there. whilst this is likely a psychological change due to technology in the world, it would also probably have to be a surgical one-two. in Westworld, everyone's face and data is somewhere in the system. and in order to avoid them flagging up anywhere, or perhaps regaining their memories through looking at the wrong faces, serac would likely have to change the way that they look. now whether caleb is surak's brother or not, we don't know for definite, but we do know that caleb was indeed processed at such a facility. this could explain why Caleb's mother does not recognize him. but if this theory is correct, then it could go beyond that. now, if you were going to give someone a new identity, does it not make sense that, instead of just making one up, you instead take it from someone who already existed, say, perhaps a dead soldier? now again, we do know that caleb was shot in the past. but what if this was the real Caleb and he died from the wound, or the Caleb that we saw at the pier killing himself? what if that really happened? what if that was the real Caleb? and instead of completely starting from scratch, serac removed the death from the system and made his brother look like Caleb and placed him back into it with the face and memories of this dead soldier. we know that serac has a lot of control over data, as he was able to remove himself, so it does make sense that he could also remove deaths from records. as Caleb's friend, Francis had already died, it would be possible to have an AI system like the one we see Caleb using as a way to reinforce the notion that Caleb thinks he is who he thinks he is. also, Caleb's mother is the perfect person to align the character with. she clearly does not recognize her son. however, all questions of why this could be the case, to decide, because of a mental illness, say, you had to give someone a new identity, will you not make the most sense to take someone whose best friend had died and whose mother had a mental illness that meant no one would believe her? questioning why the man that came to visit her wasn't his son makes a lot of sense. and though caleb could have just been a random person that also just so happened to be an outlier, Dempsey's words, sick with me alot. he clearly says, you did it and his dying breath. and this could mean that he was actually the one that bailed Rehoboam. he could be the person that created the machine that imprisoned everyone. there's also an interesting scene in the hangar when Dolores talks to serac when caleb appears. there's a possibility that Surratt could see him. however, Dolores begins to walk, shifting him in order to stop him from looking over. she eventually stops just before caleb comes into surak's eyeline, and then ends the conversation by taunting him about his brother. is it possible that this was a direct nod to Caleb, and that she was hiding her ace in the hole so that Surratt could not see him? I think so. yeah. we do know that Dolores and Caleb are heading to a re-education Center to seemingly gets Eric's brother. but could they actually be going to book Caleb into a machine that will bring back his memories, thus getting Jean me? it is possible. and even if it turns out to be untrue, it's definitely one of the funnest theories I've seen so far on the show. so in summary, on me was taken out of the equation by serac and then brainwashed into going back into the system. he was given the identity of a man who had either committed suicide or died during combat. and this notion was reinforced by an AI system used to mimic the soldiers friend. the vivid memory implants he received, similar the hosts, were laced with tragedy. and these grounded him and tied him to his narrative. this is something that we've seen works in Westworld. jean me was told that a woman in hospital was his mother. and as she suffered from schizophrenia, any questioning of why his son was different was brushed to the side. her medical bills needed to be paid. and as Caleb believed that she was his mother, he wouldn't stray too far and would remain in a system in order to care for her. we know that jianmi didn't have a maternal figure, and he was pretty much raised by his brother, so being tied to this figure does love sense. however, deep down, he knew that his friend's mother and life didn't really feel real. and this is why when Dolores arrived she did. he is slowly beginning to remember everything, and eventually he will discover the truth. upon returning to the re-education Center, he will awaken similar to the hosts, and show that they are not too different in this world, which will unite them together and bring insight down. oh, it was just some random guy Dolores happened to bump into. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the theory. and if you agree with it or not, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up, as we massively appreciate it. and make sure you check out our breakdown of episode 5, which is gonna be linked after this. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. you can come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 