kingdom is a Korean zombie period piece that definitely deserves your attention. whilst the show initially flew under the radar upon release, the six episode horror drama is a masterpiece. throughout this video, I'll be discussing everything that you need to know about Kingdom and its ending. so there will, of course be heavy spoilers. this show is by far the best that Netflix of / out in January, so I highly recommend that you give it a full watch if you haven't seen it yet. without the way, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I watch it, so you don't have to. after the king falls ill with wise believed to be smallpox, the throne comes into contention. whilst naturally, his son, at the crown prince, would inherit this there is conflict caused due to the fact that the queen is pregnant and about to give birth. if the king does not die, until that child is born, and then it shall rightfully be the next heir, due to the crown prince's illegitimate sea. the queen is the daughter of a Senate member who lusts for power and wants his grandson to be ruler of the nation this Senate member named Cho is the main antagonist. and whilst this story is set to the backdrop of the show, it is it's driving force after the crown prince. he is a monster roaming the halls of the kingdom. he sets out on a mission that involves committing high treason in order to claim his birthright and find out what's wrong with his father. he travels to Dorne, where he discovers a starving village, mistakingly cannibalized the body that had been victim to the king. and thus it caused the disease to spread amongst them that rapidly kills and makes them rise from the dead. the zombies are seemingly nocturnal, and in daylight appear like normal corpses. this forces an investigation on what has happened to them, as on discovery in the day, it appears to be a massacre. however, we learn that it is actually the temperature that stops them from attacking. and if it is cool enough, then they will rise from the dead, which plays into the show's ending. the crown prince learns that this disease is actually caused by a rare herb called the resurrection plant. which has been used on the king to make it appear that he is still alive until the baby is born. of course, keeping a group of the undead around isn't a wise move, and when they are brought into a city through the day time, things go awry. at night, we get a fantastic prison scene, and the whole ravaged the majority of the population that lived there. personally, I view this as a metaphor for the class struggle that we often see in real life. the rich, noblemen are points throughout the show, have vast banquets and beats, whilst the poor starve. this show can be seen as the hungry majority rising up to consume the full minority. I can't express how outstanding the first horde attack is, and it really shocked me too just how unique this show was. it managed to flip the zombie genre on its head. and its setting as a period piece, it's an inspired choice. by the show's close, we have a final standoff with the crown prince who has found his old master. the crown prince leads a group of peasants, after softening to their plight. on the other side of this is the senator, who wants to keep control of power after his son's death, he brings a group of zombies to the Crown Prince. and this is an incredible last set piece that involves the undead being able to attack due to the freezing cold temperature. just as it looks like things are about to heat up in a final showdown, Kingdom does a big fu to the audience and cuts to the credits. in what is one of the most devastating cliffhangers ever in terms of the crown prince's claim to the throne. we actually learned that the Queen had had a miscarriage and is no longer pregnant. whilst the cause of this is never fully confirmed, one could imagine that it is due to the stress that is caused by her undead husband becoming a monster. we learn that there are a group of pregnant women in the palace, and this, to me, signifies that there are other plans for the air. we also discovered that there is a mole within the crown prince's group. and no, it is never confirmed, I would imagine it to be his loyal bodyguard, as he has been put closest to the king and will be able to keep a watchful eye on his movement. overall, I thought the show was phenomenal, and it's definitely one of the most interesting zombie premises we've ever got. the acting was superb, and I highly recommend watching this with the original audio, as you don't really get all of the nuances in the dialogue from the subtitled version. of course, I'd love to hear your thoughts on Kingdom. and whether you enjoyed the show or not, if you liked this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out my breakdown of this week's of the big zombie release, Resident Evil 2 remake, which would be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are heavy into horror. so if that's the kind of thing you like it, subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. 