[Music]. suspiria is a 2018 italian american horror based on the 1977 film of the same name. similar to the original, there's a lot to unpack from its ending. and throughout this video, i'll be discussing the movie in full detail. there will be heavy spoilers, so it may be worth skipping this for now if you want to go into the film with fresh eyes. with that out the way, i'm definition, and i ruin the movie so you don't have to. the story. suspiria is told in six separate packs. the initial one, 1977, follows patricia, played by chloe grace moretz, as she visits her psychiatrist to inform him that the prestigious dance school, the marcos academy, that she studies at, is ran by a coven of witches. the psychiatrist, named joseph klemperer, initially dismisses this as delusion, but when the young girl goes missing, his suspicions arise. it's at this point that we are introduced to susie, played by dakota johnson. susie quickly catches the eye of company director madame blanc and joins the academy strange occurrences begin to happen, such as a student named olga becoming trapped in a room of mirrors after accusing blanc of being a witch during a rehearsal. blanc resumed the rehearsal, but inflicted a power over susie's dance moves that had huge consequences. suzy quickly becomes the protege of madame blanc, and she appoints the new student to lead their production of valk. this arouses suspicion from the other dancers, and sarah, who is also a student at the academy, begins to investigate the witches on a deeper level. she believes that susie may be in collusion with them, so sneaks off into the catacombs of the school on the night of the performance. down in the dark, she discovers the body of patricia and is confronted by the matrons from the school. sarah breaks her leg trying to escape, but makes it back in time to perform in the production of bulk. joseph who is attending the show and notices that sarah and susie's eyes have both changed color, which confirms his suspicions that patricia was telling the truth. this also teases that suzy may indeed be working with the witches. during this part of the movie, joseph encounters his long thought dead wife. she informs him that during the nazi uprising of the second world war, she faked her own death and fled to zurich. the two walk and talk until joseph realizes that he has been tricked and led to the marcos academy. one of the matrons has merely been posing as his wife, and the witches incapacitate and capture him, leaving him in a chamber. it's at this point that susie returns to the school, and we get a full introduction to mother helena marcos. we learn that susie has been chosen as the new vessel for mother marcos, who has outgrown her current form. several dancers show up to perform a ritual, but things go awry when susie reveals her true plan. susie is so skilled because she is actually mother suspirium, there to claim the academy and eradicate mother marcos. she kills marcos and most of the other matrons, except blanc. blanc is discovered the next day, alive, but heavily wounded during the onslaught. it's revealed that three of the matrons are in fact, zara, patricia and olga. and each one of them pleads for death due to the control and enslavement that they have been placed in. susie obliges them and begins a dance that grants her control of the academy. she spares joseph and meets him in his office the next day, where she confirms that his wife is in fact dead and was killed whilst at a concentration camp. susie erases all of his memories and leaves ending the film. to me, the biggest signify behind the film's meaning is its time. saying the movie is set amidst the cold war, but still has a lot of call backs to the one that preceded it. the most glaring of these are the metaphors for the holocaust. if viewed correctly, the academy has a lot of similarities to concentration camps. they are overseen by cold and ruthless people, and kill and enslave those who speak up or do not work to the satisfaction of the overseers. susie is an outsider that comes in and liberates those within, much in the same way that allies did. and her home of america could be seen as the biggest confirmation of this theory. the holocaust is something that should never be forgotten. and if we no longer remember the atrocities that happened there, then we could be doomed to repeat them. there is a climate of racism that exists within modern culture that is currently at boiling point. and we must look at examples such as the concentration camps as reminders of this. this is why joseph's amnesia is so tragic. he, like many during the period, lost loved ones, but has now been forced to forget the horrendous things that happened. so he can no longer go forth and educate those on the witches, leaving the rest of the world blind to what could happen. blanc can also be used as a metaphor for those who escape persecution from the allies. several nazis who participated at the concentration camps were never properly prosecuted, and blanc could be a somber reminder that sometimes justice is not served. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the film. and there's definitely a lot to take from it, so i could be completely wrong. just let me know if you have a different interpretation in the comments below. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of the ending of halloween, which is linked at the end of this one. this is a channel for people who are mad about movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. i've been definition. you've been the best. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 