welcome back to our channel. today we will introduce you a sci-fi movie, alien and predator, released in 2004. let's start at the beginning of the film. a man appears on the run from something terrible. he ran to a room, but the monster was already there. he was killed in a second. at a satellite station of a large corporation called weyland, a signal was emitted from the satellite. they discovered something very important. and it all started here. on an ice mountain in nepal, when a girl was climbing, she received a phone call from whalen corporation. she is the environmentalist alexa lex woods. she was invited to join the weyland groups project. but before she could refuse, the company's helicopter picked her up right at the top of the mountain. a man is stuck with an archaeological project in mexico. the weyland corporation comes and invites him to join them. he is sebastian de rosa, an italian archaeologist who has the ability to translate the hieroglyphs of the pyramids. alexa boarded the helicopter and returned with dr grain miller, a scottish chemical engineer. they talk with each other happily. helicopters took them to a ship which gathered many scientists, archaeologists, drillers and even mercenaries to form a research team for the weyland corporations project. everyone gathered in one place to listen to mr charles bishop, weyland, chairman of the corporation, talk about this new project. he said that seven days ago, his satellite had detected a red thermal halo representing hard soil. and his experts thought it was a pyramid. but what they need to find out is who built it and when it is located on the island of bufia, it is located 2000 meters below the ice. alexa wants three weeks to train them, because no one is ready for this trip yet. but whalen disagreed, because they had no time and the ship had already set off. alexa got up and left. alexa packed up and decided not to go with the group anymore. and she asked who they would take to replace her. his answer was gerald burdock. she immediately went to waylon to protest. because murdoch had just spent two seasons on ice. he convinces alexa again, and she says, wayland is making a mistake. while she is still debating whether to go or back, miller and sebastian come to encourage her. meanwhile, a predator's ship approaches earth, and it fires a beam of energy aimed at the pyramid. in the end, she decided to stay. she set rules for the group that they can't go alone, always keep in touch, and when they encounter something, they are not allowed to take risks. they began to leave the ship, carrying many machinery and equipment. they reached a cliff and stopped because they couldn't continue. below was the abandoned whaling station. and the location the pyramid is looking for is exactly this location, and it is located below this station. people choose this place as a camping place and spread out to explore this place. one of them discovered there was a big hole. after measuring it, they concluded it was a perfect bore drilled at a 30 degree angle and headed straight for the pyramid from some kind of thermal device that was much more modern and powerful than what they had. the team installed poles and cables to go down below. they were in a hurry to do before the storm arrived. alexa found weyland inside the excavator. alexa knows he is sick. she advises him not to come down. he is on top, and her team will notify him regularly. the group began to climb the rope and go down below. the snowstorm blew mr whalen's cable off and sent him down a steep slope. no one could hold him back. luckily, alexa kept him above the hole. the remaining workers were still busy arranging things. suddenly they saw a giant plane with a strange ship flying above their heads. it fired rockets into the ground, and something came out from within. they turn all the lights on everywhere. the team was amazed to see a very large and majestic pyramid abandoned. alexa congratulates weyland because he's probably about to leave his mark on history. the team began to explore the place. they went up the stairs and entered inside. they accidentally stepped on a brick, unaware that it had just revived the alien queen. they find strange characters on the wall. sebastian de rosa reads it and translates it, as only the chosen can enter above the ground. the rest are camping and resting here. they are attacked by aliens came from the spaceship. those are three predators, scar celtic and chopper. they killed each one in turn and began to find their way down the pyramid. the team went deep inside to a room known as the sacrificial chamber. there are seven stone beds with seven human skeletons on the walls are strewn with skulls and skeletons. they began to hear strange sounds. looked around and saw an animal skeleton resembling a scorpion falling. the scientists examined the skeleton of the sacrificer and found that the chest bone was broken out, as if something had come out of them. on this side, the alien queen is laying her first eggs. it wailed miserably, and the eggs were moved somewhere. max discovers a dry well, which seems to have a path leading to another room. they split up. one team went downstairs, one team stayed when they got there, there was another room. in the middle of the room, there was a stone coffin. sebastian says, the calendar carved on this coffin is of the aztecs. this is a combination clock that includes the date and year. he tried to open it with the code that was the date of today. and the coffin was opened. there are three guns inside. mr, weyland had an asthma attack again. so alexa told everyone to stop, to go up to the camp to rest. they will be back tomorrow. but before leaving, salmon picked up a gun to bring up, causing the doors of the room to close. everyone was locked up, including the members in the sacristy room. three predators accidentally discovered where the scientists were. they rushed there, knowing that the group of scientists have closed the doors. at this time, the eggs that alien lays have emerged next to the sacrificial skeletons. horror. animals hatch from those eggs. a monster names a number, immediately attacked the people in the sacristy they tried to contact the group of people in the sacristy room, but there was no response. alexa led them down a new path. in the sacristy room, rousseau wakes up to find the number corpse next to her. she took off her coat when she felt a pain in her chest as if something wanted to come out. and then from her chest came out an adult xenomorph, also known as an alien. the trio of predators discovers that the weapon has been stolen and chases after the research team. they saw their weapons in the backpacks of two of the research team, killed stone and attacked the rest. the pyramid begins to rotate, causing a lexus team to split into three teams. a mercenary is locked alone. one team includes verting with miller. one team includes alexa weyland, sebastian and silemon. sebastian discovered that the aztec calendar was based on the metric system, meaning that every 10 minutes there would be a pyramid shift. and it opened up new avenues for sebastian and miller's group as well. they started a small exit there. miller's team had just gone a short distance when they were all captured by aliens. now only alexis team was left. just gone a distance when salman was attacked with a net by two predators. the more you move, the tighter it is. the knife can't cut it. two predators attacked one by one. one lifted sebastian up the other swung its blade towards selma on, killing him on the spot. alexa rushed up with an axe, but was thrown against the wall by the other one. it raised a sharp knife in its hand to attack her, when an adult xenomorph stabbed its tail straight into its body, killing the predator. the other guy saw this through sebastian aside and started fighting with alien. while the two monsters were fighting, alexa and sebastian ran to help weyland. all three escaped. the two monsters were still fighting. from the tail of the alien began to release acid that scattered everywhere, splashing even on the body of the predator. the predator immediately took off the armor, but looked around and couldn't find the alien. suddenly, an alien rushed down from above. the predator was able to launch the net to catch the alien. the alien spits out acid again, which erodes the iron net, and then rushes out to fight the next predator. the alien spits out venom, killing the second predator. as for alexa, they continued to run until whalen couldn't take it anymore and sat down to rest. the other predator named scar approached. when whalen chased the two of them away. he stayed to fight it. the predator lifted him up, but the scanner saw that he was sick and could not live much longer, so it released him. he wanted to buy time, so he burned it with flares. that made it angry, turning to use the sharp spear to kill him. ten minutes later, the pyramid moved again. two people climbed over a rock that was about to collapse. luckily, sebastian was able to slip through to get to the other side before scar hurled his knife. on this side, alien rushed to scar, but was cut in half by scar. then scar opened the mask and used aliens blood to mark her face as a sign of victory. alexa and sebastian witnessed it all. they also discovered that there were many hieroglyphic inscriptions on the wall. it turns out that 1 000 years ago, the ancestors of invisible monsters discovered the earth. they teach people to build and are worshiped as gods. every 100 years, invisible monsters return. here they wanted a sacrifice. predators will battle aliens to prove they are worthy of tattoos. when the hunter failed, they will use bombs to blow everything up and kill themselves. alexa and sebastian have concluded that the heat halo is a trap to lure humans here as sacrifices to feed the prey of those invisible monsters. they continue and see a bronze circle engraved with special characters. sebastian translates that, when the door opens, we will die. alexa realized that this tower was like a prison. they took the wardens guns. they have to give them back their guns. another 10 minutes, they're waiting for the tower to teleport again. on the way, they encountered an alien. they turned to run away, met a wall cracked into below was an abyss. they did not hesitate to jump over. sebastian made it through, but alexa almost fell. sebastian went back to save her, but just pulled her up when he was taken away by an alien. now that only alexa was left, scar was standing right behind her, and she looked towards it with fear. when he was preparing a weapon to kill her, she stopped him. she gave him the gun back. scar could not react. when an alien pushed hard against the wall, alexa immediately took a spear and stabbed the alien as soon as it rushed to attack her. then it fell dead. scar obtained the gun and used it as a weapon to defeat many other aliens. alexa said she wanted to go with scar. scar turned around, without saying anything, bent down to cut an alien's body and took its head and tail as a weapon for alexa. the two of them go together to find other aliens to kill them. on this side, the alien queen is using his own children's acid to break the chains and get out of the grip. as alexa and scar enter a room, she sees miller's camera fall to the floor. she stepped inside and called miller's name. inside she found miller and the others glued to the wall. their ribcage was broken. picking up the gun, she continued inside. when she heard a small cry. it turned out that sebastian was also stuck to the wall. he said, help him. za, number, are inside me. don't let them on the ground. she picked up the gun and shot sebastian to death so that the xenomorph could not grow anymore. the zen number immediately jumped out to attack scar, but he caught it and strangled it to death. the alien queen successfully broke the chain. it rushed with its companions to find and kill alexa and scar. scar scans the eggs the xenomorphs are about to come out. he decides to use a bomb on his wrist to destroy the pyramid. the remaining xenomorphs and the eggs. after detonating the bomb, they rushed out of the borehole. they were about to get on the tram to run to the ground when an alien attacked scar. alexa immediately took out a gun to defeat it. two people jumped onto the tram, which was pulled to the ground by cables. at the same time, the explosion occurred. flames broke out behind the two. they ran as fast as they could, while behind and to the side was full of rubble, everything falling down, the eyes cracking to pieces. they ran to a place where there was no longer a landslide, turned to see only a pile of rubble. scar removed the mask, drew blood from the finger of an alien and carved a mark on alex's face. she is also recognized as a true predator because she also contributed to killing them from the ground emerges a large creature that is the alien queen. it knocked scar down and was about to stab him with its tail. when alexa ran to save scar. she took the spear and stabbed it straight in the neck, causing it pain. her shirt was stained with acid and had to be thrown away. the alien queen chased alexa closely, past the whale skeletons. she ran to a whale's water tank. ducked under, and the alien rammed above it bared its venom to attack her. when scar ran to hurl the spear in the center of its head, making it rise. alexis saw the chains tied to the alien. she immediately pulled the chain to tie it to the water tank that was about to fall into the cliff. she and scar teamed up to pull it close to the cliff. it immediately used its tail to stab scar. the water tank fell down before the alien killed scar. the water tank pulled the alien queen. the alien tried to hold on, but couldn't. it is dragged to the bottom of the ocean. when she returned, scar was dead. a predator's ship appears. they brought their fallen comrades on board. the leader of the other predator recognizes alex's skill through the scar symbol that uses aliens blood to burn on her cheek. before he dies, a predator gives alexa their spear as a gift, and the spaceship flies away. alexa is also out of there. moments later, a creature with the hybrid form of a xenomorph and a predator emerged from scar's chest. so what will happen to these predators? let's all look forward to part two. thank you for watching the movie. this is the end of the movie. see you in the next movie. thank you for watching the movie. 