movie recap. this movie tells the story of a mysterious beach. because this one beach is for the chosen people only. this movie is titled the old 2021. tell me about a resort that has a secluded and very secret beach, so secret the manager made a selection before inviting his guests to the beach. a family will take us to see the oddities on that beautiful beach. they're gone. let's get straight to the point. arriving at the family destination, they were greeted by a manager, like a conglomerate family that consists of guy and his wife, prisca, and his two children, maddox and trent. meanwhile, their two children were immediately greeted by the resort manager and served by the waiter. they immediately tried other dishes that had been provided by the resort. then their two children looked for another drink. then another child approached. the child is the manager's nephew. then their small talk made the three children become familiar. after going to the room, it looks like his son is ready to swim, but his father just read the guidelines and prohibitions while there. he read, little children are not allowed to bathe in the sea. then his son took his book. looks pricka just smiling. the next day, the opportunity to play on the seafront near the resort. trent and the manager's nephew seem to be very close. while maddox doesn't have any female friends his age, she is very sad trent wants him to come and chat and play in his room while staying at the resort. meanwhile, the father and mother of the child talked about priska's tumor. they think about the cost of surgery, and prisca and guy are talking about a divorce in the near future. instead of seeing their parents fighting, the two children read a letter containing a password from the child. somewhere, a woman was seen taking a bath in the sea accompanied by a repper named mid-sized satan. maybe that's where the catastrophe will happen. the next day, sin turned to a beautiful model with a malnourished body. the model orders foods high in calcium so that his appearance remains elegant, even though his ribs are almost visible. at that time, prisca's family was being offered by the manager to visit a secret beach assess what the manager has done. priska's family deserves that rare opportunity. hear the beach in all its beauty. riska clearly wants to go to the beach. not long after, the arrival of the nephew made this manager immediately approached him. he ordered the basil to leave the dining area of the guests in another place. it was seen that someone had a relapse of convulsions. then the woman's wife visited him, and he turned out to be a doctor. on the next day, the two families who have been selected are now in the car to go to the secret beach. half an hour passed, they arrived at the car stop. while providing supplies from resort kong. the driver told them to just walk to the beach after they passed through the cliff gap. apparently it was the entrance to get to the secret beach, because that's the only way to get to the beach. after passing through the thick forest, they entered into the gap of the cliff, finally, they arrived at the secret beach. this opportunity also makes the model immediately take a selfie with the best pose. look at the style of his wife's husband, named can only stare. meanwhile, madox was shocked when he saw a man who turned out to be a rapper. medics also told his father that the rapper was very famous. others set up tents where they took shelter and packed their belongings. the children were running here and there. trent seemed to see something, and also his son, charles ii. they froze as if they had stopped moving elsewhere. trent is soaking in the water. he is alone. but suddenly, what a shock trend, when he saw a female corpse floating from behind him. he screamed for help and walked away. guy and charles immediately picked up and carried the corpse to land. at that time, the rapper approached, trying to see the body. it turned out that the woman was right. she was his friend. the repper's arrival once made others think that he was the killer of this woman. then the rapper tried to deny all accusations. in fact, he had been waiting for the swimmer for hours. but still, people do not believe the explanation. then charles, who was calling the police, was surprised because there was a signal in this place. meanwhile, guy explained that 99 of accidents at the beach are due to their own faults. at that moment, another husband and wife arrived at the beach. he was the one who had a seizure at the resort, who was healed by charles at the time of the incident. but instead of being happy, they were even surprised that they were even shown the sight of a corpse in this place. after learning what happened, the husband of this couple tried to contact the resort employee who had just delivered him. then he returned to the bus parking lot. but i don't know what happened when he passed the cliff. this man named jaren immediately fainted and back on the beach again. and his wife tried to approach him, and they were all astonished. guy then explained that he was under a lot of pressure when he was in the cliff, gap, confused and do not know anything. after a while, charles was with his mother, who felt her heart beating fast. priska looks panicked too. he asked charles to take a look. he said, first was a surgeon in the middle of a conversation with parents, disturbed because his pants suddenly narrowed riska was surprised, because trend's posture has now changed. in the midst of panic, they saw as if someone on the hill was lurking. charles, who just talked to prisca, crystal suddenly announced that charles's mother had suddenly stopped breathing. finally, charles's mother was dead. charles, who just talked to prisca, crystal suddenly announced that charles's mother had suddenly stopped breathing. finally, charles's mother was dead. matic and trent asked the two people who had just arrived, they asked his profession, and he said age. they were both shocked. he thought that he was 11 years old, but he said that he was six years old. he had felt cheated after finding prisca. he was very surprised to see his two children. it was hard to believe the teens he saw were actually his two children. i can only stare at this unreasonable reality of all the strange things that happened. suddenly, the rapper wanted to get out of the place and ran into the cliff. doctor sees repper running. he goes after him, but suddenly they realized they were on the beach again. getting weird with this place. in the midst of confusing circumstances, seeing his son suddenly become a teenager, then he felt and said that the bodies of the children on this beach were biologically in their teens. medic looked surprised, because he just found out. after a while, they gathered again to think of a way to get out of this place. but for some reason, the squeamish doctor actually hurt the rapper. after doing this, the doctor did not understand why he did it. even if the rapper is angry, this felt strange, because the pain in his cheeks suddenly disappeared. and it turns out the slash on the rapper's cheek has healed. he also continued to explain that he did not kill the woman. getting weird with this place, then prisca told matic to wear proper clothes because the sensitive part is already big. after a while, they gathered again to think of a way to get out of this place. but the condition of prisca, who has a tumor in her stomach, began to feel pain. risco was surprised because the tumor that was once small is now getting bigger in a short time, an unexpectedly, prisk is deteriorating condition made her faint. in a state of panic, the guy asked the doctor and gerund to remove his wife's stomach with improvised equipment. an impromptu operation was carried out, but the incision wound was immediately closed. this clearly makes it difficult for the doctor to perform surgery. then gerund intends to hold the wound as it closes. tumors that were once small are now large in a short time. and luckily, the impromptu surgery was a success due to a very fast recovery after such a strange process. the report then looked again at the woman's condition, how shocked the rapper was when he saw his assistant's body had turned into a skeleton. the condition of the body like this should have been seven years old. actually, the woman's body was only found three hours ago. trent, on the other hand, is playing with his doctor's son named kara. because time goes by fast, those who are growing up are now starting to feel something like adults. then what will they do? it's obvious, they make love. meanwhile, the parents are still busy unraveling the mystery of the beach, which turns out to have something to do with the fast turning of time on the sidelines of a conversation about how to get out of that place. then prisca was surprised because the trend had not been seen. how shocked they were when they saw kara was suddenly pregnant, though not long ago made kara five months pregnant. these two teenagers are not aware of the condition of cara, who is pregnant, because a few minutes in this place equals a few months. cara suddenly felt sick to her stomach. then they found out that caro was about to give birth. and do you really feel the contractions? finally, the baby was born. but just as the baby was born, he had died because the time on the beach was running fast. born, but just as the baby was born, he had died because time on the beach was running fast. kara's mother then leaves and stays away from cara. he was very disappointed by what happened. then suddenly, the doctor suddenly became angry with the nurse. she blamed him because her grandson, who had given birth died. patricia also felt guilty for also helping during childbirth. then he looked for the repper and stabbed him in the chest. and he died. after killing the rapper, the mad doctor went with and without them knowing, someone from the top of the hill was watching them. the doctor and his wife appeared to be seriously depressed. then the finger took the doctor's knife. jaren had to take medicine for his wife, who had epilepsy. must be immediately before the disease recurs. then he said goodbye and started swimming. after gerain left. guy found it strange, because every family on this beach must have a sick person in his family told me that the resort voucher you got was a gift from buying medicine for the tumor. then he kept looking at the top of the hill. there was someone there. then prisca told maddox to swim and was able to ask for help. then matic started taking off. rod jan walking into the sea in a state of anxiety. they wait for pimples on the beach, and then suddenly maddox screams for help because he finds the corpse of the finger floating. but it turns out that the finger effort ended tragically. he drowned. i don't know why, everyone who tried to escape by sea, suddenly woke up, but luckily, matic was able to make it back to shore safely. then we move on to the pear. trent in rara, they will bury their children because they feel a loss if they continue to be in this place. too soon, the trend of burying her nearly to ash's child. rara suddenly tried to escape from the beach. he tried to climb the cliff. seeing the extreme behavior of the trend told him to immediately go down. it could be that the cliff made cara faint. it could be that the cliff made cara faint. and sure enough, cara suddenly fell from above and immediately plunged into the sea and was hit by a big wave. and cara eventually died. while trent mourns kara's death. after kara's death, she wept and she was comforted by her father. next, patricia intends to swim with her makeshift equipment, but suddenly look at the guy. was shocked by the terrible incident. as a result of not taking the epilepsy medication, patricia had a relapse that killed her. guy was shocked that he was getting older and starting to have myopic in his eyes. soon after that, patricia was not spared from aging. now his hearing is getting weaker. even the short nighttime. guy is aging so fast, it makes it difficult for this couple to communicate. i need my cassie dusk. then prisca and guy lit firewood, and they copied the story when they were young. elsewhere, trent and medics found what appeared to be beachgoers. then they found a note about the results of the study. the note contains the strangeness on this beach apparently from the influence of the earth's magnetism and rare rocks around the beach. it is this composition that causes human cells to age rapidly. their cells are aging too fast. after knowing this trend, saw someone on the hill. again, seeing that person is like using a camera, as if watching and researching their behavior. there, while enjoying guy and prisca's old age, they heard footsteps approaching. apparently it was the mad doctor. the crazy doctor suddenly became angry and spoken coherently. then, with his knife, kept trying to stab guy. he gets hit in the face and tells prisca to put out the fire, and told his two sons to stay away. [Music], yes, ask any questions now go. while his doctor wife, who was a former model, was also depressed and was able to chase maddock and trant, but he died also, trapped in a narrow cave. [Music]. meanwhile, guy continues to be chased by the doctor. when it was dark, guy was looking for something, and he found a rusty weapon. with the slash of a rusty knife to the doctor, then he immediately rotted his skin. and the doctor immediately got tetanus quickly, and he died. after the terrible incident, there were only four guys. prisca, trend and medic at night. the trend is getting late and accompanying his aging parents, now only their families are left on this beach. then gaia and prisca enjoy their old age by retelling the good memories of the past, because the effects of aging continue to make guy's body weaken until he dies. the three of them were very shocked and very lost. prisca feels the deepest sadness. now, prisca walked to the beach, but before she arrived, she was already weak. and finally, prisca followed her husband's death in the next day. these brothers became more mature. in the midst of their sadness, they invited the medox to play with the sand, just reminiscing about our childhood together. and suddenly he remembered the nephew who owned the resort. at that time. trent said that he was thinking about idling. he remembered the letter that had not been opened. then trent took the letter back from him and immediately translated it. after trent opened it, the letter said that manager doesn't like coral. felt it was a clue to the way out. they were trying to get to coral around the beach, after making sure it was the place. then the two of them walked into the water and died. but unfortunately, their efforts were interrupted when medoc's clothes got caught. oh, apparently the oral is the secret passageway to pass through the cliffs along the coast. they also managed to get out of the aging zone elsewhere. people on the hill suspect that trent and medic have drowned. also reported that all the members of the experiment had died. because his task was finished, he went from the top of the hill and headed to the car and then returned to a pharmacy lab in the vicinity of the resort. after he arrived at the resort's laboratory, manager immediately gave an announcement to the scientists. then he asked all scientists to mourn the death of patricia, who died of epilepsy. then the lead scientist explained that the epilepsy drug they created managed to make patricia last for eight hours, or the equivalent of 16 years. they also look proud of their work so far. and the manager said, and his discovery will definitely get an award and become a billionaire. drug companies in collaboration with resort have succeeded in making breakthroughs in the world of pharmacy. then a waiter said that there would be six more sick people they would put on the beach again. government all employees to immediately welcome. then his uncle told him to make other friends. there were a lot of small children there. unexpectedly, trent and matic managed to survive. he immediately met a policeman who was relaxing for a vacation at the resort. trent gave him a notebook he had found. unexpectedly, trent and matic managed to survive. he immediately met a policeman who was relaxing for a vacation at the resort. trent gave him a notebook he had found while welcoming the two guests and giving food. then trent came and dropped the glass. the waiter was immediately scared and surprised why he was still alive. then trant introduced himself to all the other visitors, that he survived a research trial in a laboratory here. then the children of uncle resock were stunned to see they were still alive, because only trend and medics were the first to survive and get out of the beach. he had told his friend that he swam and dived through the coral thanks to his instructions. and finally he was able to get out safely from that beach. not long after that, the police and their members arrived. they immediately arrested the manager in his gang. after the police made an arrest, maddox and trent showed me the place of the beach 