in today's video, we will run through 2013's action horror world war z. former united nations employee jerry lane traverses the world in a race against time to stop a zombie pandemic that is toppling armies and governments and threatens to destroy humanity itself. spoilers ahead. you have been warned. like this video, comment on what your favorite part was and subscribe to our channel. former un. agent jerry lane and his wife karen, are sleeping when their young daughters, rachel and connie, jump on the bed to wake them up. it is an everyday, happy morning for the lane family. they have their breakfast together and leave for the day. on their way, they are stuck in traffic. just then a police bike passes by, crashing into the car's wing mirror and breaks it. jerry gets out to check the damage. then there is a massive explosion a few blocks away. he quickly gets into his car. huge trucks start to run through the traffic, crashing into anything that comes in their way. jerry starts driving forward. the streaks are in havoc, with people running everywhere to save their lives. rachel, in the back seat, is scared, so she sits on the floor. the parents ask her to put her seat belt back on. but just as jerry turns around to tell her that, their car crashes into another. everything goes silent for a second. thankfully, no one is hurt. they get out of the car and start to run. the road is crowded. one person gets into his car with his family, but a girl attacks them. she bangs her head into the car and breaks in. the man gets out, only to be strangled by the girl. she bites his arm. he starts to struggle on the ground, and his eyes turn hazy. it is as if the bite has changed him into a zombie. he starts banging on the car door with his head. jerry watches this while running away with his family, trying to save them. the family gets into a truck nearby and drives away, fighting the zombie that latches onto the window. the whole street is filled with them. jerry drives to the countryside. they find a rifle in the truck. just then, rachel gets an asthma attack. the family has to go get medicine for her. jerry calls his friend from his time in the u.n, thierry umutoni. thierry sends a helicopter for the family's rescue, but it will only arrive the following day. then they go to a grocery store. rachel and karen collect food, while jerry and connie collect medicines for connie. when they come out, their truck is gone. jerry notices an apartment building nearby. the zombies are everywhere, but the family manages to get into the building. however, some zombies follow the family up the stairs. jerry shoots some of them with his rifle, but their number keeps on increasing. as the family is looking for a room, connie disappears. they find her in a room with a mexican family. the family lets them in. the mexican couple has a son named tommy. jerry and the family stay there for the night. the following day, the rescue helicopter is supposed to be on top of the building. jerry tries to convince tommy's father to come with them, but he refuses. so jerry and karen, along with the girls, leave for the terrace. but before they can reach it, they are chased by zombies. the mexican family is attacked too. karen and the kids somehow reach the terrace but jerry is stuck with one of the zombies. tommy shoots it, saving jerry. his family was abducted, but he managed to flee. jerry takes tommy and rushes to the terrace. the helicopter sees the family and takes them away. they land on a ship and are given bunker beds for the time. a team of doctors is trying to figure out the situation. they assume that the chaos is because of a virus. they are actively trying to search for the vaccine that might stop its spread. andrew fastback is the team leader of the doctors. the un. officials want jerry to join the mission. if he refuses, his family will be sent back to the city. jerry has no choice but to join the mission. he says goodbye to the family and leaves for south korea with a team of researchers and soldiers to search for the vaccine. they land at the military base of camp humphreys. however, they get out of the aircraft to see zombies have wiped the place out. a few of them attack the team, which scares andrew. he runs back to the aircraft, but slips and falls. the doctor dies from the impact. a group of soldiers arise for the team's aid. they leave andrew's body there and rush to the military base. jerry meets a prison former cia agent who informs him about israel's precautions. even before the virus was acknowledged, israel had built a safe zone in jerusalem. that means someone had intel on the origin of the virus. the man suggests jerry talked to the maasai chief, jurgen von brun. jerry plans to go there to investigate. there, he finds out that the zombies are sensitive to sound. he and a group of soldiers leave for the aircraft. they cycle there without making noise, but are chased by the zombies in the way. only one pilot and jerry survive. they fly to israel. on the way, jerry calls karen and tells her he is okay. finally, they land in jerusalem, israel. jerry orders the pilot to stay with the plane and wait for his return. he then meets jurgen von brun. jurgen informs jerry that they had intercepted communication from an indian general who said he was fighting a zombie. this alerted the officials who built a safe zone in response. because of the communication, israel is safe from the zombie attack. jurgen then drives jerry to show him one of the safe zones they have built. the walls are many stories high, so the zombies from outside cannot come in. people sing and dance, celebrating their safety, but they are too loud. this agitates the zombies on the other side. they climb on top of each other, creating a mountain of zombies, and almost reach the top of the wall. jerry and jurgen are with the crowd when jerry notices the zombies on top of the wall, but it is too late. they have already started jumping down to this side. they attack several people from the crowd. the place is in chaos. jurgen orders two of his soldiers to take jerry to his airplane. as they run, more and more people turn into zombies. the israeli soldiers try to stop them from climbing up the wall by open firing, but there are too many of them. jerry notices two people in the crowd who the zombies do not attack. he doesn't think much of it and rushes outside the zone. they almost reach the helicopter when a zombie bites one of the soldiers protecting jerry. jerry cuts her arm off to save her from turning into a zombie. they quickly run to the airport, but jerry's pilot friend has already left. they see a passenger plane about to fly off and get on it instead. finally, they are in the air and safe. the soldier's name is segan. jerry looks down through the window to see the city in havoc. people are running while several explosions take place. jerry mends segan's arm and bandages it properly. he then calls karen and asks to talk to thierry. jerry tells him that he has figured out a way to fight the virus, but he cannot explain it on the phone, his phone is dying as well. next he tells him that he needs to be taken to a wh-o lab. thierry talks to the aircraft pilots and convinces them to take jerry to a lab in cardiff. after a while, jerry falls asleep on the plane. the passengers are quiet, but a zombie has gone into the plane. somehow he attacks the air hostess and turns her into one of them. the passengers start to run around and panic. there is no way for them to run away in the craft. so jerry takes a grenade and throws it into the crowd of zombies. this kills most of them, but also creates a massive hole in the aircraft. the plane then crashes into the woods. it is brutally destroyed, but both jerry and segan come out alive. they somehow managed to reach the who lab in cardiff. jerry falls unconscious outside the building. after not getting a message from jerry, the officials assume that he is dead. they sent karen and the kids away from the ship to make space for other officials his families. after three days, jerry wakes up tied to a bed. his wounds have been treated. two unknown people ask him about his intentions. jerry asked him to call the number on his phone and ask them for his identification. as they do, they talk to thierry and find out that jerry is indeed a former un official. finally, jerry is brought into their lab. there he explains to them how he had seen the zombies ignore some people. he believes that if the people are already sick, the zombies can smell the pathogen in their bodies and do not attack them. this is because the virus needs a healthy body to feed off of. to test this, someone has to inject themselves with a pathogen and encounter a zombie. the doctor suggests some viruses like meningitis, scarlet fever, rocky mountain fever and so on. they have various pathogens to test, but all of them are stored in the b-wing of the building. zombies heavily infest the b-wing. they watch the zombies walk around through the security cameras. the only pathway that connects wing a with wing b is an overhead bridge. jerry siegen and one of the doctors wrapped their hands to avoid being bitten. they gather some weapons and leave for wing b without making any noise, they managed to go halfway into the building. the other doctors are watching them through the cameras from wing a. but just then the doctor accidentally bangs his weapon on a trash can. the noise attracts the zombies. segan shoots one of them. the group runs back to where they came from. the doctor and segan somehow get back to wing a. while jerry distracts the zombies to another path while running away from them. jerry reaches the lab that contains the pathogens they wanted, but he requires a passcode to get in. the doctors watching from the security camera call the lab and provide jerry the passcode. he finally gets into the lab and closes the door. he collects all the required pathogens in the box and is about to leave when a zombie bangs on the door. the zombie cannot get inside the lab, but now jerry cannot leave either. there is only one way out. he has to test the efficiency of the pathogen on himself. he searches for an injection, then he writes, tell my family i love them on paper and shows it to the camera. jerry finally injects himself with a pathogen. he waits for a few minutes for it to come into effect, then opens the door. the zombie walks right past him. the doctors are amazed to see this. jerry walks out and distracts the zombies with a noise without any trouble. he goes into wing a. the movie ends as we see jerry reunite with his family. the origin of the virus is still unknown, but the vaccine has been spread throughout the world. thanks for watching. make sure to like the video if you enjoyed it, and subscribe to the channel to see more of these movie summaries 