[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, aka the guy whose zombie jokes cost him an arm and a leg. in this video, we're breaking down kingdom ashen of the north. kingdom is a series that i've absolutely loved, and season two of the netflix show ended with our group of heroes encountering a brand new character as they tried to get to the bottom of who was the brains behind the zombie outbreak. whilst we were all expecting a third season, the creators of kingdom decided to do a break neck twist and release a prequel movie that discusses the origins of ashin. this is the mysterious figure from last time, and i felt like calling this a beginning explained, as it details the roots of the zombie plant and why we should be hyped for season three. from here on out, full spoil is ahead. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out, and watching past this point is a grave mistake. if it's no skin off your back, i'd massively appreciate the thumbs up. and don't forget to subscribe to the channel, as that's a no-brainer, without the way. thank you for clicking this. now let's get into kingdom action of the north. okay, so the special episode sets up ashin, a peasant villager who lived with her mother and father, the latter of whom was egyptian. these were a group of people who belonged to one of china's final dynasties before the mongol conquest. in the century, briar. the king had given the churchins a piece of land, and he and his family settled in josian and built a home there. because the land did not truly belong to them, the native georgian people viewed them as a low-born peasant class, and thus they had forced them to remain in the village doing menial jobs. the land itself was also highly sought after, and in the film we also meet the bajawi, an army of which had gathered their people at the basin of the pajero river. due to rising tensions, the josians recruited several churches, including ashin's father, who would be used to spy on the activities of the pajaoi. he hoped that this would improve his people's standing and their lives. but unfortunately, things don't happen that way. now, whilst all this is going on, some pajama men enter a forest in order to illegally collect a herb called ginseng, which will help with their harvest. they're murdered, and their deaths are attributed to a wild, zombified tiger, though it's revealed that this was actually a cover-up and that it was carried out by the choklan. ashin's father was then framed and set up to make it look like he betrayed his own people, which leads to the pajari turning their hate towards the churchians instead of the joshians. the pajari leader, adigan, seeks revenge, and they launch an attack and murder everyone in the village, except for ashen's father. he's taken hostage. and i at this point, i am kind of glossing over the amazing tiger fight. well, we'll rather tiger chase, as there's a lot of territorial things to discuss, but yeah, the action scenes don't slack. now, the tiger is actually how they discovered it hadn't ate anyone as it was already dead. and thus they learned the truth. now, whilst all this was going on. ashin was looking into the resurrection plan as a way to heal her dying mother. and thus this sets up a lot of pieces that come to be prevalent in the series. early on, the plot and tribes are a bit hard to follow, but at the heart of this is ashen's driving quest for revenge and to murder all those who destroyed her village and people. it becomes clear that she lives with this and will live with it forever, as when she returns to her village, she imagines her family there, but what we see is simply a group of the undead waiting to feast. bringing them back is how she knows that the resurrection plan works, and why she's so confident later on that she can build an army of the undead. as a child, ashen unwittingly seeks help from the very man who betrayed her father and made it so that her home was destroyed. you will likely know of the cho clan from the first two seasons of the show. and i love how this family are pretty much the bad guys throughout the entire series. it ties this all together, and i think actually offers a way out for the good guys in the main show, they, of course, were against the cho clan 2. and thus, moving forward, there is potential that we see them let bygones be bygones because of the defeat of the chose. i'll talk about that later on, though. and as a teen, ashen started to train so that one day she could get revenge. and she began doing jobs for the commanders. this involved spying on the pajaoi, and this is where she discovered her father. after having his legs and arms amputated, he was labeled as a traitor and forced to live a life of constant pain as their prisoner. ashin's father wanted death, and she ended up obliging this and burning the entire location to the ground. now because of this, ashen wants answers, and this is where the need for revenge is further fueled. after discovering specific scrolls that detail how her father was framed in order to avert a war, she decides to kill all who had a hand in destroying her family and village. she returns to her base, and that knight is visited by a soldier who abused her. she kills him and turns him into the undead before unleashing him on the camp from the rooftop, she picks off any survivors. and you have to hand it to her, she's one of the deadliest, if not the deadliest combatant in the entire show so far. using the last soldier as bait, she draws the zombies together and wipes them all out with fire, leaving the entire army destroyed. ashin takes what initially appears to be a sack back to her village, but it's revealed to be the commander, and they feast on him whilst he's alive. for years, they had existed because she brought them livestock, but now they have something better, human food, which he thinks they'll enjoy even more. she promises to provide them with only delicious meals from now on. and from here, we watch as a sort of montage plays out, which involves selling the resurrection plant. this would, of course, lead to the events that we saw play out in the first and second season. and it starts to sell the seeds of where everything went wrong. now at this point, ashen has kind of went off the deep end, and we learned that she wishes to kill every living thing in joseon and georgian and then join the undead after her mission is complete. the special ends with ashin coming face to face with ardagan and his group of soldiers. she notches an arrow up, and now they outnumber her, she fires it at him, no doubt, killing him in the process. she is, of course, an expert with a bow and arrow, and the rest of the group would have to ride towards her, so she might have even killed them before they managed to reach her. so though her revenge is complete, she still wishes to murder people. and the second season, of course, ended with her coming face to face with the central cast. when we left then, they were traveling to find out where the reincarnation plant was coming from. and they discovered a number of the undead in chains. we now know that these are part of her village. and i really can't wait to see how season three starts off. i think, with the way things are left, that the two sides will be opposites to one another. but i do hope that the animosity is pushed to the side in some way. however, due to ashin's psychosis and the way that she views her villages is still being alive, she could be propped up as a major villain that will be the big bad of the third season. ashing could easily let the chains loose and thus swarm everyone. and this would allow her to escape. one of the big questions hanging over the finale was, how was the resurrection plan still spreading? and it's clear that she was the cause of this. so i'm not sure if a quest for revenge will stop anytime soon. now, i really, really like ashen, so i would love for her to get some redemption, but i also feel that it may be impossible at this point due to what's happened. kingdom as a whole was very much about the class struggle. and ashen very much represents the uprising of the poor. to me, the show was very much playing on the phrase, eat the rich, which was coined by john jack rousseau. in full, he said, when the poor have nothing left to eat, they'll eat the rich. and yeah, that that's basically what kingdom is for me. i kind of think that ashen might even come out on top. and potentially she could kill every character, and, like she says, go off and join her village. that would be an incredible ending to me, and very dark and though i do want to see the good guys win, i also want to see ashen win as well. interestingly, kingdom 2 had a seven year time jump in which we saw a new prince rising up that was immune to the infection. and thus it is possible that ashen sees him as a way to rescue her people. there isn't really a way to bring them back at this point, but maybe she becomes fixated on this and even tries to kidnap the boy so she can study him. another possibility is that she actually missed with the arrow, as we did see, i'd again, dodging them like it was the matrix. perhaps she is still out to kill them, and that's why she's had this grudge for so long. and he could be propped up as the next big bad that they have to join forces to fight. i know i'm kind of caping a lot for ashen at the moment and hoping that she's good, but who knows, there is still hope there. however, the realistic side of me says that she's gonna be the bad guy. kind of hoping she is, because she's an awesome character, and i can't wait to go back and re-watch everything from the start. now, as for my thoughts on the special, i have to say, i really enjoyed it. and so far the show has had three great releases. i probably would rank this slightly below the two seasons, but it's still an incredible entry. and i'm glad we get to see some things from ashen's side, so we can understand her motives. it's gonna add such an interesting dynamic to the show. and now we have two sides that we can root for, instead of just being focused on the one. to me, that's really good storytelling and also character development. i think the show, yeah, it just excels at everything it tries. it's got so many things going on with it. and adding this string to their bow has made the series one of the best zombie properties out there. tonally, it's excellent too. and as a period piece, it just manages to capture things so well. it leads to kingdom, action of the north being an incredible special, laced with political metaphors, amazing acting and also action scenes. hopefully the third season of kingdom isn't too far away, as this has got me hungry for more. and it gets a 9 out of 10. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on kingdom and where you think things will be going in the future. comment below and let me know. and just to let you know, we're running a competition right now and giving away three mcu box sets on the 30th of july. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. we pick the comments at random at the end of the month, and the winners of the last one are on screen right now. so message me on twitter at heavyspoilers, if that's you. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our ending explain breakdown of fear street, which will be linked on screen right now. that's the last netflix special i did, and i had a lot of fun with it, so definitely go watch it right after this. if not, well, thank you for sitting through the video. i've been paul. and i hope you enjoy the rest of the week. take care. peace. 