welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going all the way back to 2019 to look at the hypebeast field. rom vfw, if you enjoy gargle and marbles and shared anecdotes about the good old days, consider subscribing to the channel. let's get to it. we open on a psa explaining the severe negative impact wrought on society by a new street drug called hype. this transitions nicely to a drug den at the outskirts of the city, where some scabby scumbags get strung out inside, and we hear reports of rioting outside, where the hypers are hoping for some more of their favorite drug. they love them so much. with the situation getting a little sketchy with these junkies, moz has brokered a deal to sell off his remaining stock so they can blow this town. but beforehand, we get a brief demonstration of just how committed his enthusiasts are when he tosses a dose and convinces lucy to jump for it, despite, uh, yeah, certain death. in the outside world, we see the scabies are basically occupying every dark recess in town. as fred picks up abe and they wake up. walter when they get to the spot, fred runs this vfw branch, so they get the place all started up and then themselves as well. across the street, young lizard finds the stain that used to be her sister. and while the old gang gets to bust in balls about the good old days, lizard does some snooping and hears about the big score coming up. as the hour gets late, the bar clears and the boys prepare to celebrate fred's birthday when a young blood walks in and quickly endears himself to them as they share stories establishing fred's battle prowess. and they end up asking him if he'd be interested in joining them for some celebratory titties. but their knight is about to go off the rails as lizard slips in and swipes the stash, only narrowly escaping baz, who then announces the theft to the scabies, who, in their enthusiasm for recreational drugs, endeavor to rip her limb from limb. she manages to find a choice hiding spot across the street, right in line of sight of her pursuers. when they burst in and demonstrate their disregard for human safety. fred goes ahead and pulls up one of their heads. they then back off as t-bird is carried to the bar for medical treatment. and to imagine how awful goodness is. but when backup arrives, it presses the men to have a brutality contest like the good old days. the back appears clear, so norm goes for the car and finds out the hypers can be tricky. not sure what to do next, walter mentions pushing the girl out the front door. but fred's not that kind of guy. plus he's rock hard right now, and presuming their enemy needs a moment to regroup, also opts to go for the car. he actually makes it. and here boss's general gutter attacks him, asking for them to give it back. instead, he gives her a classic lesson in women's self-defense. as they try to figure out what it is, we learn lou has a policy about the administration of mercy, but fred decides to keep things clean for now. when lou goes to powder his nose, he hits bingo. despite finding what they're looking for, they learn that there would be no chance of returning the package and walking away, as boz's brother happens to be sitting in the corner with no head. it's an all or nothing situation they face. so they tank up, count their limited ammo and begin to mcallister this [ __ ]. and honestly, it's really relaxing to watch people take such pleasure in their hobby. it's like watching a troop troop video. before long, the first wave crashes, and things get improvisationally stabby and quite squishy as well. the hypers prove to be crazy and persistent, but just not healthy enough to get the job done. and then tank lumbers in and starts clearing house, until liz treats him like a cave troll. while the production crew shows just how unafraid they are to exhaust their melon budget as they attempt to decide on the next move. lou decides it's time for some sweet talking and goes out to negotiate a deal. he fails pretty miserably, since they're not looking to buy a late model, well-loved cadillac. but he at least manages to take a few of them with him. fred nurses his wounds inside as doug passes away, causing fred to have some momentary doubts and regrets, blizz attempts to pep talk him back into reality. during his intermission, the scabsters break out the heavy equipment. fred manages to refocus his mind on the need for immediate violence. they have a quick pow wow of tough talking and then hunker down for an impending propane explosion. abe decides he wants to take point one last time, so he grabs his special murder war knife and hypes up. however, when they bust in, they initially have a standoff, fred holding them back by threatening to burn the stuff. they fake like they won. and then pandemonium erupts as both sides engage in moral combat, with a fresh crop of hypers joining in and squaring off against anyone who tries to prevent them from breathing in that dust. abe offers to hold back the next wave to facilitate their escape, but they lose liz along the way, so fred heads back inside, while walter and sean head out the back. he provides an assist to abe, running gutter through with a flagpole multiple times and then fixing abe up with a shot, before following the sound of liz's cries out back. walter takes a bit too long, getting the deuce into half running, resulting in a torso bifurcation, which leads him to start thinking about going down in a blaze of glory. meanwhile, liz lights up the bag to distract boz, which basically results in the end of their showdown. and despite the lack of necessity, walter goes ahead and intervenes, which adds an element of finality to the situation. then the few survivors enjoy a final drink before embarking on their new career in retributive drug dealing. i thought vfw was a pretty good movie. it seems to have some mixed reviews, and it's certainly not original, but it's not bad either. also, in an attempt to set the film apart, they really went for it with the gore and grunginess, which goes a long way for me. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. [Music]. 