[Music], welcome to the breakdown. will we break down all the messed up? [ __ ], my name is spooky. but today we are talking about a movie called a truce, or, in English, atrocious. another cool thing is that one of the producers is mr. cannibal himself, the director of Cannibal Holocaust. I didn't want to pronounce his name cuz I can't pronounce anything right. but anyway, a truce is pretty similar to August underground in a way as well, because a lot of the atrocities shown is through footage recorded, similar to the August underground series. this is the plot. basically, it takes place in Mexico. cops arrest two men for drunk driving and accidentally killing someone. but then they find through investigations, that these two men are some of the most evil men in the world. you're gonna see as much as I can show before we get into the movie at all. let's have a word from our sponsor. our sponsor of today's video is the ridge wallet, an entity responsible for the flagship minimalist wallet sitting in pockets of many people today. the rich makes many everyday goods under the goal of better living. backpacks chargers and, most famously, wallets. if you think that a bulky wallet holding stuff you don't need is whack, then consider the usefulness of the rich wallet. aluminium, titanium or carbon fiber, plus dozens of colours as well, held together by a durable elastic band, is perfect for holding your important cars and ID as well as blocking any attempt at hacking the RFID chips and your cars, if you have them. plus, they can hold cash as well, using a strap or clip, both definitely and used by me ever since I got them. a perfect minimalist wallet. over 30,000 five-star reviews as well. if you are interested, you can get 10% off your purses as well as a free worldwide shipping and returns by going to wrist comm slash spooky. I'll say it again, rich comm slash spooky, and use the discount code spooky. and that's on any product you decide to check out from the rich website. anyway, the links are in the description. thanks again to the sponsor of the video, the rich wallet. they are really helping me out. you can find this film on to be TV. it might depend on a region though, but regardless. let's get into the breakdown. [Music]. so before we start, I'm not even good at pronouncing English words, so give me a break if I pronounce some Spanish words wrong. the movie starts out with a montage of real clips. I'm sure this was some excess footage of Mexico. you see lots of different stuff, but most of note, it's just prostitutes and stuff. also just stuff to show a part of Mexico that is rundown and in need of recovery. you also have some radio audio of somebody from the los zetas crime syndicate. I wouldn't mess with them unless I was John wick or some it also says 98% of twenty seven thousand and five hundred murders in Mexico go unsolved. okay, enough of the statistics. in all that, we cut to the scene of a shocking car accident, the type of stuff you would see in rare a dead person. two drunk [ __ ] ran over a woman. detective Juarez, he arrives on the scene and examines the grisly sight. upon seeing the two drunk [ __ ], Gordo, the lardo here, and Goyle the Ripper, detective Juarez looks to their car and finds a video camera. this is where he sees their recorded adventures. is pretty similar to augs on the ground. just the two are bullying random people, just for the sake of it in some cases, and stalking women. sometime later in the recording, they track and kidnap a cross-dressing prostitute and tie her up to be straight up. they punch her a lot, stabbed her in the leg and spew oral evil from their mouths, just like Peter and his cameraman. she shits herself, also, like the girl from that movie. and they rub her [ __ ] all over her and stuff like that. I think even Gordo here is eating the [ __ ], or at least playing with it in kissing it. they also burn her scalp and shoot her three times. that's it for her, and that's it for the tape. and Gordo go yo are both taken into custody. the police in his movie, though, are pretty questionable themselves. these ways of torturing their prisoners to get info out of them. is scary in his own right. but don't take that as feeling bad for these demons. they deserve worse. also. here's one of them. getting their finger nose taken out. but they still don't confess or, you know, talk about where they hid the bodies of their victims. eventually, through some electrical torturing, one of them reveals the body was put in some garbage dump area. some crime investigators look through the setting of the torture and collect forensics and stuff like that. they also discover another videotape hidden in a corner of the room, seemingly showing some extreme footage. the CSI uses the police camera to watch it back. the first part is just footage of a stripper dancing while Gloria records. goryeo gets a private dance from the stripper. and her name is Ginny. stop. okay, so Ginny. Ginny is one of the main characters of another movie that I was also actually gonna do today, but I couldn't. so it's kind of funny. let me shut up. she's on her period, administrating a little y'all probably like what she telling us that for. we'll just listen. okay. go yo finds her menstrual fluid, pretty tasty. Ginny and Goyo really hit it off with their fuck-buddy relationship. she's pretty accepting of his kinks, too. suffocating and cross-dressing gets him off. one fetish she didn't know about, though, was his blood fetish. he asked if she has done with her period, and she is. since she is, though, he goes psychotic because he wants blood. he beats her with the camera, savagely reminds me of that clip of someone slamming their own head on their monitor that circulated years ago. he also stabs her many times in her vagina with scissors and has sex with her as she submits to her injuries. her body is further desecrated by gordo having a part of her face cut off before sexually abusing her again, which we don't see because that's the end of the tape. back in real time, the investigators find another tape, sure to hold more extreme footage. meanwhile, Goyo is taken into detective Juarez's office. it's quite interesting the discussion they have. basically, Juarez argues that all you had a mother and a father who didn't want you and abused you, blah, blah, blah, and I grew up to be a sick demon. you're not a victim because you could have asked for help back then, he describes Goya as someone who wanted to control things, and plans to torture him by showing the contents of a tape he despised so much that he hid it. his footage of goy\xc3\xb3s mom and father discovering gay porn hidden by their son. neither parent endorses a gay son, calling him a [ __ ] and pervert, and they blame each other for this. the father takes it upon himself to convert his son by paying for a prostitute that his son can enjoy. nothing works out though, because the son didn't get any erection no matter what she did. mad about it, the father bullies his son because he is not manly, beating him and then raping him. and from the family in the background is the sister, by the way. even after all that, he makes Goya walk around in his blood-stained underwear in front of his peers at school. later, teen Goyo takes over the camera, and it's clear that this Goyo is more angry and vengeful. he firstly acquires a gun and uses it to rob a random American tourist just getting out of a taxi and if robbing wasn't enough, he kills him for no reason. so soon the very thing we expect to happen takes off. Goyo ties up his father and hos both parents at gunpoint. the sister is holding the camera and is egging on her brothers so that he does messed-up things to both parents. as usual. the father bullies his son, but is under estimating how depraved the son really is. right now, the son makes the mom wear a dildo and a blade on the end and barbed wire wrapped all around it. I'm sure you all know where this is going. the mom is forced to rape the father with the sharp dildo. plus there's a camera on the end, so we can see the insides of this man being slashed up. but I'm not going to show that because YouTube's already deleted horrible reviews. I gotta be careful now, like, what's so with them? now, after abusing his stinkhole, the mom drags the bloodied sex toy out and passes out in disgust. the next part is Marian Dora level disgusting goryeo cusses, pops entire sex organ off. blood was pulsing out by the gallon - after that, we see a very disgusting Jack the Ripper level mutilation. Goyo has basically reassigned the genders of his parents in a way that would make even the Joker quiver, placing and sewing his mom's breasts on his father and placing his father's penis on his mom. he then makes out with his sister as both parents make incomprehensible sounds. soon after, the two siblings have an incestuous conversation as if they aren't siblings. they get started to have sex, but she starts teasing him on his inability to get an erection. note to self, after witnessing someone brutalized their own parents, it may be a good idea to not laugh at them for the very thing that got him bullied by his parents. I think this bimbo really wanted to die, really. but most of all, it's her death that finally gregorio a hard-on. and the tape cuts off as he tries having sex with her body. so we get into the last few minutes of the movie, Juarez, agent. agent Juarez isn't questioning Goyo anymore. in fact, the only reason he's even in the office is just to torture him. Gordo already killed himself in his little cell. this is where things get interesting though. walrus calls him an experiment. at first it sounds like an insult, like, you know, like you're an experiment gone wrong. but he means it. he caused Goyo an experiment in right-wing terrorism. the overseers of this experiment is a group called los Manos negra, which is the black hands. it seems the mission was to get rid of nobody's getting rid of scum that costs less than the bullet used to kill them. so before we move on, this is what I'm thinking. I'm believing that Juarez is a part of some kind of either small group or Muniz ation that employs annoying and knowing psychos to kill people. Dean, there's nobody's however, Juarez says, Boyle messed up because he tried to kill the wrong person. he killed the sibling of Juarez, the cross-dressing prostitute. from the beginning, it seems that Juarez and his sibling were watching from the sidelines as go yo and Gordo were causing mayhem. since he messed with the wrong person. Juarez has a grudge on Goya and has an interesting way to get revenge. he calls for the guards to bring someone in, and Goya looks and surprise, is Goya sister that was seemingly killed on the tape. she never died and was instead employed by the black hands. he's gonna let her get all the revenge she needs for her brother's attempts to kill her years earlier. and that's it. the movie ends that she probably slaughters him off-camera. well, a lot of people was really making the movie look like the bane of all existence, but it wasn't that bad. really. comparing it to what Serbian film might say, it's a lot more tame. I say, it doesn't even get close to August on the ground as well. and I'm talking about the original movie, not sequels. anyway, let's talk about the most disturbing and most enjoyed moment, and that's spooky stuff. [Music]. so let's get right into it. the most disturbing is probably the whole barbed wire anal raping scene, only made worse from the camera showing you the insides of this man being cut up. I believe something like that happening the human centipede too as well, but I somehow missed it. the most enjoyment was probably just to reveal that Goyle sister is still alive and wanting to destroy her brother. she look like something Jennifer Hills would have to make a revenge team just to fight against. call it the revenge errs, also, I'm sure y'all caught the whole little societal meanings behind the film as well. I wouldn't be surprised with that whole the black hands thing was really real, or at least inspired by something. anyway, that's it. I'm really working hard to get these videos out, in addition just trying to pass class, like y'all know how that'd be. on the left is a disturbing comic video, a lot of your acts. when will the next one come out? that would be pretty soon. I'm just trying to improve it. on the right, it's just some film that YouTube thinks you should hit up. if you enjoy this video, make sure you click like button as well. subscribe if you want to keep up to date with more disturbing breakdown films. thanks for watching. spooky out 