hello viewers. welcome to recap here. today i will talk about a science fiction drama film life like spoiler ahead. you all just have to sit down, keep calm and listen to me. so let's start at the start of the film. we see a couple bringing an old couch into their apartment. the girl's name was sophie. sophie did all the work, and she was about to renovate this couch. both were happy with their married life and were spending a happy life. their financial condition was average, but the father of sophie's husband was so rich, as he was a businessman. he was an owner of a big company. but due to some reason, sophie's husband didn't live with his father. instead, he was spending a happy life with sophie. one day, sophie's husband gets to know that his father has died. he handed all of his property to his son, sophie's husband, he will run his father's company from now on. therefore, they leave their new lifestyle and step into the new one. they lived in a small apartment before, but now they have a beautiful, huge house. but sophie wasn't much happy with this change in her life, because it was strange. that everything changed suddenly. but they accept the reality as they had to spend their lives like this. sophie fires two servants from the house on the very first day because they used to do all of the work by themselves, and they weren't used to it. sophie's husband tries to explain to her that she shouldn't have done this. she shouldn't have fired those servants, as this is a big house, so you won't be able to work alone like before. we'll need somebody for help. we'll need someone sophie says that, i am not addicted to this. we should do our work on our own. we should spend our lives according to our will. this change affected sophie's husband's life as well. he had to manage the whole company as all the responsibilities were on his shoulders. now he takes stress analyzing everything. sophie was also unable to manage all work. sophie's husband tells this to a girl in his company. he says that, i have a solution to this problem. a scientist was in his company, and his father also worked in the company. he made human-like robots. no one could guess that these are robots. or humans. these robots do all the work as humans do. because sophie's husband needed a person who does all the work, he brings sophie to his company. he asks her to choose any robot among all the robots. seeing all the robots, sophie is also left astonished. they were looking like humans. they decide to keep a robot with them. the name of that robot was henry. the creator of these robots ensures sophie and his husband that these robots won't harm you, they are so good and useful. to prove this, he asks henry to lick sophie's husband's shoes. it means they will carry every order of humans, whether it's good or bad. it was a point to be noticed. but still, they bring henry home. henry showed good performance in his work, and he did all the work all alone. it helped them a lot. when sophie's husband talked to her, he used to reply nicely. therefore, sophie's husband liked him a lot. because henry was perfect and not less than a human to them. sophie's husband used to share everything with him. at first, henry seemed weird to sophie, but she started liking him. with time, she used to spend her time with henry in red favorite books with him. henry was also very happy with them, and became frank with him. in fact, he was designed to become happy if his owner is happy. he was made to carry out his owner's orders and to make him happy. at first, sophie and her husband were disturbed in their lives, but they felt easy now. then one day, sophie asks henry about emotions, love and human feelings. he explained nicely that what is love, emotions or human feelings, and the difference between them. seeing this, sophie's husband forbids henry to indulge in such talks, because you do other work very well. after stepping into this life, sophie's husband got this much busy that he couldn't give sophie much time. henry noticed many times that sophie got attached to henry and is happy with him. he used to feel jealous, in spite of knowing that henry isn't a human, but a robot. but still, he started disliking henry. he always remembered the fact that he is a robot, not a human. sophie considered him a human as he had all the feelings in him like humans. she was really impressed by henry due to this. but sophie's husband doesn't like this. he tries to explain to his wife that he isn't a human, but a robot. don't let him feel that he's a human, because he'll behave exactly as you treat him. if they considered henry a human, he'll start thinking of himself as a human. but sophie doesn't agree with her husband, because henry was perfect like humans. he did his work perfectly and didn't do any mistakes, as humans do. one night, sophie hears some noise. she goes to check henry in his place, but he wasn't there. the door was open, and sophie sees that henry is laying in the garden. when she goes near him, she realizes that he is dreaming. this thing was new and weird in the robots. sophie's husband wakes him up and they take him inside. the next day they tell the scientist about this problem, that henry went to the garden in the midnight. therefore, that scientist comes to their home and checks henry. they tell them that it hasn't any fault. this is a small error that is normal. this won't happen again. you'll not experience any complaints. sophie tells the scientist that i noticed him dreaming on which scientist says that henry is living with you many past days. therefore, he might have thought of you, and some feelings are generated in him. you made henry feel like a human, so he started considering himself as a human. hearing this, sophie's husband becomes angry with his wife, that everything happened because of you. you are treating him like a human, therefore that error appeared. and you'll consider him just a robotic machine. he doesn't have feelings. he'll do what we ask him to do. but sophie didn't think like this about henry, and she will never both husband and wife become angry with each other. therefore, sophie's husband asks henry to stay away from his wife. you won't spend time with her. you won't read books with her. hearing this, henry asks sophie's husband, have i done any mistake? sophie's husband says that, don't argue with me. just follow the command. the next day, henry tells everything sophie. so she becomes angry and leaves the house. intelligent, henry explains to sophie's husband that the issues between you and your wife aren't because of me. this happened after entering a new life. they didn't stay close to each other, and they couldn't give time to each other. therefore, sophie attracted to henry. she started liking him, in spite of knowing that he isn't a human. she kept thinking of her she dreamt of him. henry was so nice that sophie's husband also started liking him. he was also attracted to him. one day, when sophie wasn't at home, sophie's husband is very bad with henry. henry feels bad due to this. he doesn't tell this sophie. he hides it. sophie's husband apologizes to her and asks her to come back home. but sophie started like henry. now, when sophie and henry were together, henry develops some human feelings and confesses that he loves her. hearing this, sophie gets nervous and scared, because he started behaving exactly like humans. she gets thus much afraid that she asks henry to go back to the place where he came from. sophie tells her husband that henry confessed that he loves her. hearing this, sophie's husband feels aggressive. he wakes up henry and slaps him. he turns off henry. then he calls the scientist to take this robot back, as they don't need it now. he has destroyed our lives. but henry had completely changed. he had acknowledged that they are about to destroy him. he requests sophie not to send him away, as he is liking staying here. don't destroy me kindly. i accept my mistake, that i said wrong. i am ashamed of this. don't know when he started developing human emotions and he started liking sophie. she tells sophie that her husband did wrong with him. sophie feels very bad after hearing this. both husband and wife confess that both of them got attracted to henry. they regret over it, and they will soon get rid of this robot. they'll spend a good and simple life together. then then that genetist comes to bring henry. but henry wasn't following the command like before. he say bad words to the scientist and a huge secret is revealed. here we saw from the beginning that henry never looked like a robot, but looked like a human. because, in fact, he wasn't a robot, but a human. scientist was responsible for this, as he calls himself a robot maker. this thing was started by his father. he did experiments to make human perfect. he wanted to design him so that he doesn't do any mistakes and obeys all the commands. this experiment wasn't done on robots, but it was being done on a live human beings. they taught them many good things. he kept trying to make humans perfect, as he did with henry. he started brainwashing henry when he was a kid. he was taught that he is a robot, not a human. but was it possible to change someone? when he started living with sophie and her husband, his humanistic emotions popped up, like his dreaming and love for sophie, etc. sophie and her husband attracted to henry because he was a human. when police find this out, it takes all of the members of the company, the people who were considered robots. when that scientist sees his experiment getting destroyed, he becomes mad and crazy. he kills the police officers that were coming there to kill him. he also tries to kill sophie and his husband, but henry protects them. he kills the scientist. henry becomes so sad and attempts suicide. he left sophie and her husband for good. then we are shown a scene from a few years later. they named that baby henry. they never forgot henry, but he became a forever memory for them. they wanted to keep henry with them, so they named their son henry. if you like the video, give a thumbs up. subscribe our channel and press the bell icon so that you can get notifications as soon as we upload a new video. see you in next video. 