welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna try to take a fun ride down a very long and boring road with the 2019 film, the dead don't die. if you're an optimist, you should subscribe to the channel to make things all better. let's get to it. we open on chief cliff and officer ronnie venturing into the wilderness around their small town, looking for hermit bob, the local crazy who's suspected of stealing farmer miller's chickens. he refuses to answer their questions, punctuating this with a warning shot. since he and cliff go way back, they encourage him to keep calm and try to avoid shooting officers of the law. as they retreat to their cruiser, we find they aren't perturbed by much other than daylight savings time and the impact it has on their circadian rhythms. as they drive through town, we see some locations and meet some people, and hear via radio transmission that some unusual worldwide phenomena may be occurring due to a slight shift in the tilt of the earth related to excessive polar fracking. aside from weather and technology issues, it's also riling up the animals, causing frank's cows to return to their woodland home. but the officers remain casual for now, as is their way. they even have the town drunk, recently deceased, decomposing in a cell while they await the county coroner. cliff takes the night shift, and they all depart as they prepare for a sleepy evening. while at the diner, fern and lily gossip about zelda, the very strange new funeral home manager. but their stories all make sense when we see that it's a samurai tilda swinton. the evening also brings us our first reanimated corpses, revealed in a classic fashion. this, of course, creates a confusing situation at the diner as these last minute guests ask fran very intimately about the specials and then abscond with the coffee. cliff arrives the next morning to hank's reports of missing coffee, leaving him unprepared for the bloodbath inside. ronnie and mindy arrive in turn and take a peek at the women's insides, surmising this to be the work of one or more wild and now caffeinated animals. but ronnie also adds the very real possibility of zombie attack. then several utes come rolling in, just bored and boring enough to fit right in in this town, they head first to the motel to stay for the day, as they apparently only travel at night. zoe interacts briefly with the officers and is warned to stay inside after sundown. as they continue the investigation, they find strange evidence of an undead presence. so they decide to accept the standard tropes and proceed to warn any townsfolk they happen upon. the effort is well spent, as bobby tries to impart his popular wisdom about the zombie threat to hank. this proves fortuitous, as that evening, the disturbances continue, but big time. and the gang first moves in on the motel, taking an early supper. meanwhile, at the station, mallory wakes up, providing the officers the opportunity to test the efficacy of the standard defensive methods. and they discover that movies are real. as the town becomes overrun with the undead. zelda arrives at the station to lodge a complaint. from what they see, they're confident in her ability to protect herself. so they agree to let her watch the station while they do a quick patrol of the town before all meeting up at the cemetery. the community seems to be doing fine, until they swing through the motel where the visitors failed to heed their warning. rodney takes a moment to ensure they don't create any future problems. meanwhile, at the station, zelda demonstrates some leaked hacking skills for reasons unknown. on our way through town, we see the hardware stores well fortified at the front, but neglected in the rear. the end result being insufficient defenses to ensure survival in the zombie apocalypse. at the cemetery, cliff gets the cruiser jammed up to the axle in viscera, so they stay put until mindy's nana checks in to see if she remembered to pack a lunch. mindy's overcome by the sheer absurdity of this new world and ventures out to end the nightmare. eventually, the zombies become distracted by zelda's arrival, but more so by the concurrent arrival of a flying saucer. hopes for salvation are dashed. however, when we see like so many other aspects of her personality. this is mostly performative, as she makes a big show of only beaming up herself. kind of a jerk move. we then learn that it's been decided that the events set to transpire will not end well. regardless, they have no choice but to make a go of it and give it their best shot. so they venture out, cliff with his shotgun and ronnie with his machete, and they cut down as many former citizens and friends as they can, easily mowing them down in a manner that would make it appear they're capable of continuing on in this way forever, if only they had unlimited ammo and weren't. eventually surrounded on all sides. as the final events are narrated by bob the observer, we discover it does indeed end not goodly. just a quick reminder that i've created a website that allows you to make donations to support the channel. any donation earns you a link to an uncensored, 10 minute video featuring toby hooper's lifeboards. your support is greatly appreciated. i think i see what jarmish was going for here, and i appreciate dry humor. but no matter how cynical, metaphorical or critical you want to be in your art, you shouldn't forget to also be entertaining in some way. please. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 