[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this episode we're going to be breaking down Gemini man, starring Will Smith. and Will Smith, throughout this video, I'm gonna be discussing everything that you need to know about the film, as well as its ending. make sure you stick around until the end of the video for my review, where I'll be telling you if this movie is The Fresh Prince of rotten tomatoes or more will I am. sorry all the will.i.am fans out there. they're both a year. anyway, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want the movie ruined, then now's the time to back out. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of Gemini man. Gemini man follows Henry Brogan, one of the world's best assassins that makes Deadshot look like a storm trooper. the film opens with him on a mission to kill a man aboard a train. and whilst he completes this, due to the presence of a young girl in the cabin, he realizes that morally he's no longer cut out for the life. disillusioned with the job, and due to the fact that his emotions are getting in the way, he decides to take a step back and live life at tony stark shack in the wilderness. i heard they're selling the house now, cuz i never, never mind. anyway, henry is pretty much irreplaceable, but against his bosses best wishes, he still decides to step back. later, learning that the person he assassinated at the start was an innocent biologist, his former employees have literal eyes in the sky and decide it's time to take him down. this is where we are introduced to clay Varys, played by Clive Owen, head of a project named Gemini. as much as I'm sure clay loved star signs and horoscopes, the project actually revolves around creating clones in order to carry out their jobs of killing him billing. if you've ever seen a hitman movie before, then you know the gist by now. and I really don't know why they can't make a film about an assassin that isn't about the agency that hired them turning against them. anyway, where Gemini man tries to diversify this cliche is that the company have created a perfect clone of Henry, and they decide that now is the time to bring him into action in order to kill his prototype and his eyes. there's flashes of the Metal Gear Solid series throughout the and this film is as much about feeling like you've had your identity taken away, as we see with the older brogan, to feeling like you don't really have one, which is reflected in his younger counterpart. the movie has a really interesting aesthetic to it, and early on, it's intense watching Henry being tracked down by his duplicate, who seems to almost out match him in every department. this leads to an outstanding bike chase and some great standoffs, especially one at night when the two characters come face to face and realize what's been going on the entire time. now, the technology behind the movie, which allows for a younger version of Smith to appear on screen with himself, is really the film's main selling point. and at certain times it looks very convincing, especially during the aforementioned night scene. however, during the daylight and when the two share the same screen, it falls victim to the uncanny valley and can be quite jarring. this is pretty much being marketed as a game changer, but in all honesty, it falls short of Marvel's efforts with a younger version of samuel l.jackson and Captain Marvel by far besting this. it's very much make a break for the movie. and in the same way that Superman's mustache sure in the Justice League for many, this also will probably take a lot of viewers out of the action. in the film's defense, the acting is really on point. and even without the tech being there for Smith, he still manages to portray a younger version of himself convincingly. he really is one of our best actors, and as usual, he nails the role and has a charisma that makes him likable, even though we know he's done a lot of bad things. mirroring this, the younger version of himself, Junior two, comes across as naive in a way that makes it hard not to root for him. we learned that the target on the train used to be working for Gemini. and we discovered that the company have managed to create duplicates that don't have emotion, and therefore won't run into the same moral issues as Henry. Henry sets up a trap for jr. and confronts him, exposing the truth, and also using apparent secrets about himself to confirm that they are duplicates. now this was a big tease in the trailer, with the big mystery of the movie hanging around this reveal. and if you've come to this video just to know what it is, then prepared to be disappointed. the scene and the trailer isn't really in the film, and it's reworked differently so that Henry just brings up things that they have in he says that they suffer from insomnia and are celibate due to the fear of losing love should someone discover what they are. it's a pretty big ding on the movie, especially if you were curious about this. and almost feel slightly like false advertising, with this being one of the main things that I was excited for with the film. anyway, Jr and Henry end up joining forces in order to take down clay in Gemini, but they are tracked by another clone, who, unlike them, feels absolutely nothing. this is sort of the Metal Gear aspect that I was alluding to earlier, with there being big similarities between the cloning a big boss into solid solidus and liquid it becomes clear that clay is just going to pump these out and make Will Smith make men and black movies till the end of time. and he reveals they were intending to make armies based on the character. jr. stands up against clay and almost kills him, until Henry talks him out of it, making sure that he doesn't travel down the same path that created all of this misery. it allows jr. to truly gain his humanity. and Henry instead, kills clay, taking the blood on his hands. this means that the cycle has finally ended, and that there will be no more clones produced. and they are finally free from the attacks by Gemini. we pick up with jr. receiving a new identity, something that he can truly make his own, instead of living in Henry shadow. and he has adopted the name Jackson, which is Henry's mother's maiden name. Jr says he's going to be okay, and we get the impression that they are going to develop a father-and-son relationship together, which ends the film. but what did I think of Gemini? man? well, I think your impressions of Gemini Man will be based on how many movies like this that you've seen. it's purely aimed at teens, and I can't see a lot of people in that age bracket enjoying it and finding fun through the film. however, I've seen it's done a lot of times. and with the slightly underperforming D aging technique pretty much rampant throughout the film, it makes it a bit difficult to be fully invested in. now, Gemini man isn't a bad film. it's very competent and has some great action set-pieces. however, it doesn't quite knock it out of the park to be anything other than a technology showcase and another vehicle for Will Smith. I was really hoping that this would be incredible, but it falls slightly flattened some areas, making it a bit men. overall, it's a fun ride that you won't remember this time next week, but it's still worth a visit if you've already watched Joker. Gemini man gets a six point five out of ten. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the film. and if you agree with my score or not, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this, video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my end. they explained breakdown of last week's big release of Joker, which should be linked at the end. I'll give my interpretations on the film, as well as what I took from it. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to come chat to me on Twitter, make sure you follow me a definition, whitey. and if you want to join my discord to keep up to date with the channel, then make sure you click on the link in the description below. we've got an awesome community just like you that talk about movies, TV shows, games and comic books. so hopefully I see you over there after this. also, just wanna let you know that we're currently giving away a free copy of spider-man far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Gemini man in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random on October the 15th in the blue robe. doubt from then to ever get surprised. so best of luck to everyone. he takes part this is a channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace you. [Music]. 