hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a horror fantasy film, wildling. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. anna spends her childhood confined in an attic room by the man she believes is her father, who intends to stop her curiosity towards the outside world. the father tells her that a child eating monster, hold the wildling, is roaming the woods for kids. what's more, the door knobs also electrified to keep her away from the gate. little anna grows up and begins being haunted by nightmares where the wildling is staring at her in the deep woods. as she reaches puberty with menses, the father begins dosing her with luperly to suppress her estrogen production, explaining that he's treating her illness. never doubt what's been told by her father, though, anna suffers terrible side effects from the medicine, she can't endure any more begs her father to kill her. the father, however, can't bring himself to shoot his little child, and instead turns the gun on himself, trying to end his miserable life. anna later awakens in a hospital where she finds herself lying on the hospital bed before the sheriff. ellen. the doctor reveals that anna has taken too much lupulide, that her body is suppressed to develop. while her father has survived the suicide, but still in intensive care. as anna recovers, she is temporarily put into custody at ellen's home, who's living with her brother ray. anna gets accustomed gradually to the lifestyle there. she also befriends ray, who even shows her some hormone secrets in human body. meanwhile, as she enters puberty, she develops superhuman hearing, which seems to draw her to the far forest and the northern lights. anna attends the local school where she pays her first close attention to the schoolgirls and to the northern lights in the library as well. thanks to her super hearing, she can hear clearly what people are whispering about her from distance, and help rey step away from the bully boys on her way home. someday. once anna catches sight of a deer, she can't help but chase the deer into the deep woods, where she's then stopped suddenly by an one-eyed hunter who just want to help her avoid it deadly trap. confused by that accident, anna turns to pay more attention to the knowledge of wilderness at night. she feels surprised to know the fact she's told that the old man who's taking care of her childhood is actually not her biological father. from a dna test. rey takes anna to a party for the first time where the two are attracted to each other and share a brief romantic moment. however, anna's mouth suddenly begins bleeding, and after rushing to the bathroom, she loses some teeth. frightened by that, anna flees out the window into the jungles where a local bully tries to rape her. triggered by her instincts, he rips out his throat with her sharp teeth. confused and frightened, anna rushes to her place where she's brought up. after cleaning her blood there, anna returns back to the town where she's located, soon by ellen and brought back to her home. however, still confused by the current situation, anna couldn't say a word to ellen. ray checks her broken teeth and wanna asks ellen for help. but anna runs away into the woods where she encounters the one-eyed hunter again, who tells her that the wildling of her kind were attacked and purged out by human hunters 16 years ago later, in a nearby cavern, anna finds a fanged skull with a bullet hole in the forehead, which recalls anna suddenly with pieces of memories showing that her race was hunted into extinction by the hunters. surprisingly, it's her human father who actually killed her wildling mother, but could not bring himself to shoot the human looking baby anna, and instead, he hit her away and raised her up in the attic room. upset by what the old man did to her, anna returns to the hospital with intent to revenge, but finally she gives up and turns away back to ellen's home. anna only finds herself handcuffed by ellen before she can get any comfort from the only human she may trust. ellen apologizes and explains that the police have discovered her assault in the woods. anna is then jailed up and later visited by her human father, who, however, tells her that sparing her life was his greatest mistake and want to give her a lethal dose of looper life. but to his surprise, grown-up anna now already knows how to refuse him for the first time. the next morning when ellen checks on her, anna sees the chance to escapes out of the cell and runs far away into the woods with the help of rey, on their way to escape. knowing that anna is one of the wildling though, rey doesn't abandon her, but rather chooses to stay with this girl he has fallen in love with. and that night, driven by the hormone effect, they experience their first but fast sex. the next morning, however, they are ambushed by a group of hunters. ray gets shot in the arm, unfortunately, before they jump into a river for escape. knowing that rey's life is in danger as long as she remains with him, and runs the other way and vanishes, leading the hunting party away. months later, as the hunting approaches near anna has transformed almost fully into a wildling. she knows well how to take covers in the woods and ambushes the hustle hunters. in turn, ellen also searches the woods for anna, but she's saved by anna, right before she's killed by the hunters who try to cover their crimes down in the woods. ellen allows anna to escape after seeing that she's pregnant. the hunters set the forest on fire, which pushes anna almost to the dead end. but she manages to escape through the cavern where her mother was killed. she's then shot with a tranquilizer dart by her father. however, the father attempts to perform a c-section on her to claim the unborn child. in despair, anna fights off the drugs and kills her human father before she faints out. fortunately, she's then saved by the one-eyed hunter who stitches her wounds up and keeps her child alive. the next morning, the recovered anna sees ellen and rey from afar and vanishes into the wilderness. she travels far north under the northern lights. in the distance, she hears the call of another wildling. this is daniel. cc, movie review, bye. 