a man travels through time to stop a notorious bomber. welcome back to popcorn time movie digest. today i will show you a science fiction, action thriller film from 2014 titled predestination. spoilers alert. watch out and take care. the film starts in the late 70s era new york. a temporal agent in a code and hat is trying to defuse the latest deadly explosive planted by an infamous terrorist known as the fizzle bomber. he gets distracted by a gunshot, confronted by a person who tries to stop him, a gunfire duel takes place between them. during this the temporal agent succeeds in containing the bomb. but before the bomb can be safely defused, it blows up, burning his face. the fizzle bomber manages to escape. another person walks up to the temporal agent and helps him reach out to a violin case, a coordinate transformer, field kit time machine. the temporal agent disappears and returns to his timeline in the future. returning to the future in 1992, the agent awakens to find that he has undergone facial reconstruction to save his life. doctors grafted on new skin and reconstructed the agent's face and throat, as they were badly damaged. it is revealed during this time that the agent works for a mysterious organization known as the temporal bureau. the bureau sends temporal agents through time to prevent major crimes that would cost the lives of thousands of people. unfortunately, the fizzle bomber is the only terrorist to elude them. he is also responsible for killing 11 000 people in new york in march 1975. after his recovery, he receives his last assignment before he is decommissioned from the agency. the agent accepts the mission, uses his coordinate transformer field kit to travel back in time to 1970, and plays the role of a bartender in new york. the bartender seemingly awaits the arrival of a particular customer. he strikes up a conversation with a slightly androgynous looking guy. he reveals that he is an author of a confession magazine. he is known as the unmarried mother. he makes his living writing fake tales of woe, and promises to tell the best story that you ever heard. the unmarried mother and bartender start talking, and the unmarried mother wages a bottle of liquor if his story is enough to shock or surprise the bartender. the bartender agrees, and the unmarried mother tells the bartender of his past. the unmarried mother starts telling the story of his life, where he was born a girl and was called jane. jane was a baby abandoned at an orphanage in 1945. she was named jane by one of the workers at the orphanage. as a girl, his name was jane. the unmarried mother recounts events in his life when he was a girl, saying that he envied children with parents and felt he was different somehow. she also states that he was quite gifted and was very good in all scientific fields, and was physically strong, but had difficulty fitting in. she grew up being disliked by others her age because she was too intelligent, smart and physically active. jane never ends up getting adopted. however, her qualities, not to mention the retention of her virginity, proved to be of interest to space corps, a 60s era government agency charged with recruiting women to go into space to provide astronauts with intimate rest and recuperation. she wanted to go to outer space. eventually tries to join the space corps program headed by one mr robertson. jane excelled in all the tests set for her by the space corps, but she was disqualified from the program because of a medical condition, revealing that jane has an intersex condition, where she has two sets of sex organs, male and female. but they don't tell her that when they disqualify her. they simply pin the disqualification on the fight jane has with another girl in the corporation. jane tries to move on with her life, and eventually goes to night classes in cleveland to work on her demeanor and charm. around this time, she accidentally stumbles into a stranger on her way home on april third, nineteen sixty three. the two begin talking and eventually fell in love with each other. she believed she had met the only person who she truly cared about. but one day, the stranger left jane and never came back. emotionally distraught, jane is approached by mr robertson, who tells jane that he actually works for a different organization that could use someone with her intelligence and physical abilities. and offers her a chance to join. jane is about to accept his proposition, but they broke off contact when it was discovered that jane was pregnant with a stranger. jane eventually gives birth to a baby girl, but a c-section is required to successfully remove the baby. while performing a cesarean section, doctors discovered jane was intersex with internalized male sex organs as well as female sex organs. one of the doctors who performed the operation then tells jane that during the operation, they had to surgically remove her uterus and ovaries. complications during the birth forced them to remove her female sex organs. she was then forced to undergo gender reassignment and begin living as a man. the problems never stopped for jane, as someone stole his baby from the hospital, and no matter how much she tried, they could never find her child again. ever since then, jane, who now goes by john, has been living a bitter life, writing fiction as the unmarried mother. retuning to 1970, john concludes the story and asks if he has earned the bottle of liquor. the bartender almost gives him the bottle, then john articulates that if he ever finds the man that got him pregnant, he wouldn't hesitate to kill him. the bartender tells john that he knows the location of the stranger who ruined jane's life. he promises that he will give john the opportunity of revenge, of killing that stranger free of any consequences. in return, john will take over the agent's job for whatever duration he wishes. john eventually follows the bartender into a secure basement underneath the bar. the bartender tells john that he actually works for mr robertson, and that the organization mr robertson was referring to was the temporal bureau. john accepts, and the agent uses his time traveling case to transport them to the exact point of time in the past when jane met the stranger. the bartender arms john with a gun to confront the man who seduced, impregnated and abandoned jane, telling him exactly where and when to find him. john equips himself with a gun and goes looking for the stranger. while waiting, he accidentally meets jane, his younger female self. and as they begin talking, jon realizes that he is the man who later becomes jane's love he falls in love with jane and had sex with her. the temporal agent looks on from a distance, and eventually uses his time machine to travel into the future. he slips out and goes forward to 1970, to the event of the bomb defusal, the first scene of the movie. only he arrives a few minutes earlier than his former self to stop the fizzle bomber. he spots the fizzle bomber placing the bomb. they get into a gunfight, then into a fistfight. the agent gets his ass handed to him and faints. he then wakes to the sound of an explosion, in gunfire and realizes that his former self from the beginning of the movie has been injured and he wasn't able to stop the bomber. he is revealed to be the man who helps his former self reach his time machine in ordered to get back to the temporal bureau. in 1992, the temporal agent uses his time machine to travel back to march 1964, where he meets with robertson. the agent managed to grab some evidence from the bomb used by the fizzle bomber and hands it over to robertson. it is shown that robertson and the agent are actually having their conversation in the hospital ward where jane's child is born. the temporal agent then kidnaps the baby born from this self-fertilization and takes the baby girl back in time to the same orphanage that jane grew up in in 1945. therefore, jane, john and their baby are the same person, revealing a predestination paradox. this also explains why the baby would grow with both sex organs. it is a time paradox within which this complicated conception of jane and john exists, making him a self-created, unique being. the temporal agent soon returns to 1963 to retrieve john. the time john and jane are still together. he signals for john. john leaves jane waiting on the bench. the temporal agent tells john that they need to leave this time and travel forward. at this point, the agent reveals to john his mission and why he set john and jane together. the temporal agent explains that he, john, jane and the child are all the same person that exists through a predestined time paradox. he tells john that he needed john to meet with jane in order for her to become pregnant and give birth to a child who would eventually grow up to be them. if the temporal agent had not kidnapped the child and transported her back to 1945, or if he had not set up john and jane, none of them would exist. john states that he doesn't want to leave jane, but the temporal agent insists it has to be. the temporal agent and john travel forward to 1985 to the temporal bureau, leads john to recover from the massive time jump. john now takes over the agent's job so the agent can retire. in 1975, new york, close to the day of the fizzlebomber's attack. robertson also gives the temporal agent a file containing new leads recovered from the evidence he gave robertson. the temporal agent then returns to his own timeline to live out a normal life as best he can. in january 1975, new york. upon entering this time period, he deactivates his time machine, but it encounters an error. the agent discovers that the time travel device does not decommission itself as planned, and can still be used. the temporal agent soon deduces where to find the bomber, using the leads given to him by robertson. the agent eventually finds the bomber in a laundromat store. to the agent's shock, he sees that the fizzle bomber is actually him in the future. the fizzle bomber turns out to be the agent's own future self, now suffering from psychosis as a result of excessive time travel. the fizzle bomber insists that his actions have saved and will save, more lives than the lives lost because he bombed places before potential mass murderers could use them, and that they ultimately lead to the reinforcement of the temporal agency. the fizzle bomber, seemingly insane, says that if the agent kills him, the agent will become him, as it is a repetitive cycle, but if the agent loves him again when he was jane and john, then they can break the cycle. the agent denies he will ever become the fizzlebomber. disgusted with his future self, the agent decides to kill the fizzle bomber. the movie ends with the agent, overlooking the time machine, stating that he knows for sure that jane, john and himself were the best things that have happened to him in his life, and that he misses his past selves dreadfully. make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. 