welcome to the man of recaps. we're talking daredevil, season 1. daredevil is a blind superhero. he was in a car accident as a kid, but the toxic chemicals gave him super other senses, so he can hear well enough to see a lot, like a bat. unfortunately, Batman was taken. so here we are. by day, he's Matt Murdock, attorney-at-law, because justice is blind, get it? he's got his best friend and partner, foggy Nelson, who's his goofy sidekick. one day, Karen Paige wakes up in her apartment covered in this guy's blood, with a knife in her hand. pretty open-and-shut case, but Nelson and Murdock go to check it out. and she's like, I have no idea. I think I was drugged then I'm being set up. and because he's got super-hearing, he knows that she's telling the truth. so they take the case. she was working for this big company called Union allied, and she accidentally discovered evidence that they were doing crime and stuff. so that's why she thinks they're trying to kill her. she goes to stay at Matt's apartment for a while. it just changes right in front of him. you know, one of the perks of being blind, but not really blind. that night, she sneaks back to her apartment to grab the USB Drive that she had with all the dead on it, but a guy's there to try to kill her. oh no. luckily, daredevil shows up, and he's like, boom, BAM. kicking and punching. the fight spilled out onto the street, and then federal kicks this guy in the face. he leaves them on City Hall with the evidence. so, boom, it's in the paper. scandal expose. the guys win. and Karen, like, gets a job there as Nelson Murdock's assistant. cool. but the bad guys aren't going to roll over that easily. there's a whole gang of them. there's the two Russian brothers, and there's the white accountant guy, and there's the old Chinese lady, and then there's the mysterious Japanese dude. and then the suit guy comes up. he's like, hey, I represent the boss of all of you. but he's too cool to cup. the Russians kidnap another kid for their human trafficking ring. but the next episode starts with daredevil bleeding out in a dumpster. luckily, he's found by Claire temple. she's a nurse. she takes him up to her apartment to fix him up a bit. and she's like, look, this was a one-time thing. he's like, actually, you're going to be a main character in the series. this is your life now. bad guys come looking for the money. gets away, but daredevil crabs the fire extinguisher and does an awesome drop, nails the guy, tie him up on the roof and interrogate him about where the kid is. and so he finally tells him, then he throws them off the roof. I'll really kill some guy now he lives in the dumpster. I'm telling you, he's exactly like Batman. he goes to where they've got the kid, and then it's time for the famous one. cake, always fight you have a camera, doesn't move. and he beats up all these guys. this is what made the show famous. and it's like, cool, because he gets really tired. he's still fighting all these dudes. he's doesn't have super-strength. he's just a guy who was pretty good at punching people. and he saves the kids. so job well done. later, this other gangster is bowling, and this guy comes up like, hey, can I bowl with you? just kidding here to kill you. yeah, buddy, let's just get the gun out. so you have to bash his head in with a bowling ball, but the cops pick him up. so suit guy comes to Nelson and Murdock. he's like, hey, I'm represent like, a really big company, and willing to pay you a bunch of money to represent our client. and it's like, well, we only represented guys. he's like, you know, he's a big guy, but we didn't like five seconds of talking to him, it's very obvious that he's a professional assassin. but Matt wants to find out who his employers are, so we decided to take the case. the boys are doing some actual lawyer, but Matt uses his super hearing to hear that one of the jurors heart rate elevated because she's being blackmailed to vote not guilty by this guy. so he beats him up. he's like, now you're going to stop that. and then she gets off the jury. but then he finds out that like, even all more of the jury's all elevated heart rate. so the guy gets not guilty. so daredevil steps in and he beats this guy up for a bit. he's like, who do you work for? and he's like, Wilson Fisk. and then he's like, no, that's the one rule. you're not allowed to say his name. oh, he kills himself right in front of him. how scary is this Wilson Fisk guy? daredevil is continuing to interrupt the Russians business. so soup guy talks them. he's like, handle this, or mr. Fisk will have to say, find the guy who daredevil threw up the roof. he's in the coma, but they give him the super caffeine shot. is us all then? I'm awake. give them Claire's apartment, and then dies. so they busted and kidnapped Claire, bring her to the garage. they're like, tell us everything you know about daredevil. they're still calling him the man in black though at this point. but all the lights go off, and daredevil, boom, he comes in. he beats them all up. he saves Claire. it's his time to heal her. wait, oh, these kids going to kiss out? yeah, yeah, they do. the Russian brothers get back to garage, they're like, the man in black did all this. inconceivable. so this is the big, shadowy crime boss, Wilson Fisk. he just met this hot art dealer, Vanessa. he takes her out on a first date. he's got this funny way of talking. he's like, New York, he's my home, then I'll do Benji to save it. but their date is interrupted by one of the Russian brothers comes. he's like, hey, we need help taking down the man in black. Vanessa is like, wait, are you some sort of mob boss? and he's like, yes, I am. and she's like, okay, no first kiss for you. that makes him super pissed, so he takes it out on the Russian brother and bashes his head with his car. yes. and he's the reserved businessman types, but he's also the brutally violent type to Nelson and Murdock have a new case. it's this old Spanish woman. she's trying to be forced out of her apartment by the landlord. he shutting off the power, breaking the walls and stuff. so foggy goes down to the landlord's attorney, where his superhot ex girlfriend works, and he's like, man, I can't wait to go down on you I mean, I can't wait to take you down. Matt goes down to the police station to pick up some or something, but he uses his super hearing to hear of Russian being interrogated, and he's like, yes, our boss is Wilson Fisk. and the cops like, shouldn't have said his name. balloon takes him down. so Fisk has got like, who knows how many police officers in his pocket. Vanessa comes back for a second date with Fisk, who's reserved the entire restaurant for them. he's like, does it bother you that I'm a crime boss? and she's like, I don't know, not really. so they are love. so the Russians are gearing up for war, but first they get a delivery from this blind heroin delivery guy. see, that's Madame GAO's thing. she's the old Chinese woman, and fists cops are there to help her take down the Russians. so this blind delivery guy is actually carrying a bomb. boom, exploded. and they do it all across the city at the same time. so they just wiped out the Russians. the Russian brothers survived though, but daredevil finds him, and they have a little fight, until the cops come. daredevil surrenders. but then the cops are working for fists. they're going to kill the Russians that never will have to fight the cops to save the Russian gangster. he takes it to this warehouse, but pretty soon the cops have him surrounded, and Fisk gives the order to start sniping cops, starting with the dirty one, because he's a liability now. and with the footage of him beating up cops, this whole thing, and the explosions get blamed on the devil of Hell's Kitchen. daredevil gets the accountants name from the Russian and pays him a visit, but he gets distracted by something, and so he gets tased. what is it? it's a blind guy. oh, it's his old man. sensei stick see, Matt's dad was a boxer, and the gangsters paid him to take a fall one day, but he didn't, so they killed him. and that was dealing with all his super-hearing and stuff that was very uncomfortable. so stick finds Minh. he's also blind, and he teaches him how to hear well. he also teaches them how to fight with the old like I'm just going to hit you repeatedly. method. so sticks like, hey, Matt, I need your help with something. Japanese are importing a secret weapon called the black sky. it's coming in the docs night a mysterious Japanese guy, Nobu, is a man. so these two sneak down there and do the whole ninja thing. but the weapon, the black sky, is just some kid. what a state is just ready to shoot it with an arrow, but Matt's like, no, don't kill kids. so he deflects it. that's like, what the hell is that? and stick explains it's part of an ancient shadow war between good and evil. they fight right now. that's like, I don't have time for this. I'm dealing with fists and sticks. like, you know, it's your right. I'll be back next season when this is the main plot. losing the black sky pisses off Nobu and Madame Gao as well. so fix does an epic table flip. then the dirty copper gains consciousness, and sis goes to his old partner and best friend is like, hey, are you the type of person that would kill your partner and best friend for a bunch of money? and he's like, I guess I am. so he goes to visit his partner and brings him the meatball sub of death. he injects him with it, but daredevil comes up. he's like, look, you've already been injected. you're dying anyway. just tell me everything you know about fists. Karen means with Ben Urich, a reporter. she's like, hey, you want to unravel corporate corruption murder scandal? and he's like, yeah, that's what I love to do. I one day she's attacked by some thugs, but foggy comes in to save the day. so she brings him on the mystery, and they're like, oh, we just don't know who's at the top. so daredevil pays a visit to Benton, and he doesn't have any proof to get Fisk arrested, but he has enough to write a good expose article, since he hates people saying his name. but just then, fist goes on live TV and exposes themselves. he comes across as a really good guy, and he's like, my name is Wilson Fisk. so the articles totally pointless. and daredevil is pissed. now know whose main goal is to get the apartment building that they're trying to take the old Spanish woman out of and because she refused sleeve, they have her killed by a junkie. they make it look like a mugging. daredevil tracks down the junkie. he finds Madame GAO's question mark heroin. he gets the information out of him, goes to a warehouse where there's nobody except Nobu, dressed as a literal ninja daredevil. like, that's a little cheesy, don't you think? but there's nothing cheesy about Nobu, sharp twirling weapon, because he's all like, boom, cut and who cut again. and turtles get all cut up and totally beaten. but then he managed to deflect this into light, and there was gasoline on the floor from the barrel, so cool, he sparked him up, and he liked, Nobu burns alive. ouch. but Justin Fisk shows up and he's like, biggie, I hope you and Nobu would kill each other dead. I was like, I'm gonna punch her in the face. I'm gonna kill you right now, man. but first he's like, yo, I am a big, strong dude, and you're all cut up right now. he tries to cut this but he's wearing, like, armor suit. what? that's cool. anyway, he beats up daredevil. he's like, I'm done with him. you guys just shoot him. but he manages to escape out the window, ho town into the river. he makes it back to his apartment, where foggy happens to be. so foggy learns that his best friend Matt is daredevil. and after this, foggy becomes extremely annoying, because the only thing he ever says is, you should stop being daredevil, because it's dangerous and stuff. meanwhile, Fisk is holding a big fundraiser. he's not like running for an office officially, but he's like, clearly going to. and so Vanessa have some champagne, but people start dying, and it's like, no, the champagne, it was poisoned then after I so she manages to survive, to get to the hospital, but he's just like, coal super sad. the game is still researching this game, Karen goes to a nursing home upstate, where she tracked down fists mother. and she's a little bit senile, but she just tell them the story of how when Fisk was a kid, his dad like beat her up. and so if it's take a hammer and kills him. he killed his dad. so that's pretty big news. physics assistant gets a call from the nursing-home about the visitor first month. so he manages to track down Tara, and he grabs her. he's like, well, I'm going to kill you, probably. but he gets distracted by that phone call. so she grabs a gun and she gets him. and he's like, oh, you wouldn't shoot me she's like, actually, yeah, I would. I have no compliment to shoot you multiple times, right in the chest. how's that? Fisk is super sad again, because this wasn't just his assistant, it was his best and only friend. so he talks to his mom. she to see now to remember anything, though. but when Ben tries to print the article, Fisk gets word of it, I think, goes to his apartment and he's like, you want to see my mother? and he kills him with his bare hands. yeah. you don't mess with the dude's mom. Daredevils now working on shutting down madame gals heroine operation. he beats up some guards and finds Madame Gao. he's like, you're going down she's like, [ __ ], please I'm Madame Gao. she meets with the accountant to reveals it was these two that tried to poison Vanessa because she was making fists all weekend distracted. luckily, Vanessa makes a full recovery. but one day, fist realizes the account dude's been stealing some money from him. and he's like, well, I'm gonna kill you for stealing money. he's like, actually, now I have an ace in my hole, the partner that you had killed the other corrupt cop. I have him locked away somewhere. and if I don't check in every 24 hours, he goes public with all the stuff on you. so now that I'm untouchable and there's will tell you I tried to kill Vanessa. well, shouldn't have said that, Fitz decides to just kill him anyway. and he's like, everyone, you'll find that cop before I revealed us. luckily, met uses super hearing to hear that. so when you're got him down at the warehouse, all the cops show up. daredevil shows up to beats up the corrupt cops. and he's like, hey, you're coming with me. you're going to turn yourself in and spill all the beans on Fisk. so he does that, gets all the corrupt cops arrested, and they're coming for Fisk. too many last-minute proposes to Vanessa, and she's like, yes, I do. so as they take him to jail, she goes off on a helicopter to who-knows-where. so Fisk is going to jail, and the good guys won the end. just kidding. actually, physics convoy gets stopped by a paramilitary group that he hired, and they kill all the cops and bust him out of there. jumping back a bit after his fight with Nobu daredevil was all cut up, so he decided he needs to get some of that armor Fisk. and he finds his armored suit guy, and he's like, turns out he's only working for him because he's got his girlfriend kidding, after whatever. so he's like, look, I'll save her if you make me a super suit. so he uses his super hearing to find Fisk, who's moved into this other truck. so Dario comes in, boom, crashes. the truck, just comes out, and he's like, yeah, how do you like me now? I got an awesome super suit with like devil horns and stuff. a little on the nose, but whatever. it looks badass. so these two have their final fistfight in the alley, and at the end, Fisk is like, you can't kill me, because you do good guy with your Christian guilt. Daredevils like, oh, I don't know, I might have to be the devil. but just punches them really hard, and fists survives. so she goes to jail, and the good guys won. hooray. he officially gets his name daredevil. and that's how season 1 comes to an end. [Music], 