welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, definition aka, the guy that's sweating like kevin feige right now. and dc fandom has just been completely relentless with its updates, and i totally skipped over this one, and it's something that i definitely want to talk about. now, the flash panel was earlier in the day, and i wanted to see how things went with the schneiderker and ezra miller's thoughts on that, basically, to kind of give context to this. now, we do have a new image of the flash costume, which is more of a sort of organic um sort of textured thing they described it as. and what flash is basically going to be doing with this is he's going to be breaking the barriers of time themselves, traveling into the universe, uh, sort of creating a multiverse from that, in which he'll encounter a different version of batman, and also erase some of the other things. now, we don't have this for definite but personally, just, i the way i see it is michael keaton's obviously being picked for a reason to be batman, and that they are doing a recast, i think, with ben affleck. now, they don't want to get rid of henry cavill. they don't want to get rid of aquaman jason momoa. they don't want to get rid of gal gadot. so personally, i see it as this is just correcting the timeline, which flashpoint is often used for. and they're basically going to do a recast, but explain how to do it. again, don't know for definite. a lot of people have disagreed with me on that. totally respect your opinion, and i hope you can see where i'm coming from on that. now, this costume, and they did mention in the snyder curt panel that flash was going to sort of be exploring the way to to break the quantum barriers of our universe, and that his suit was going to be used for that. he gets he get he gets tempted. basically what happens with flashes, if you don't know, with flashpoint, he realizes that he can change time, and the first thing that he wants to do is go back and save his mother from dying, which completely understandable. however, there's the butterfly effect, um, the multiverse theory, multi-worlds theory by david deutsch, and lots of things that cause issues with this, including spiraling timelines. and he gets stuck in one of these um with basically a different version of batman. now, they haven't said whether it's going to be jeffrey dean morgan. personally, i think it will be. i think the way that the film will work is that ben affleck will be at the start flash will go back in time, meet thomas wayne, played hopefully by jeffrey dean morgan. and then he'll arrive back in the present after fixing the timeline and letting his mother die, which is when he'll come across michael keaton and realize that things have just changed slightly. if you've read flashpoint, you know what, kickstarts a new 52. and basically, i think that's what they're gonna do here. they're gonna sort of take, you know, ben affleck, in my opinion, wants to say farewell, and i think they're going to use that for this. again, could be wrong. i was wrong about ben affleck coming back. so happy to be wrong on that. i absolutely love the guy. now, this is the costume here. and as you can see, it's, it's very organic, and the power is sort of coming from his suit and then spiraling out into to the waves. and it's a great, it's really nice concept or. i do think it looks great silhouetted against the the orange background. and i appreciate its use. now, the the image that we really need to talk about, though, is this concept art with michael keaton. now, michael keaton one of the best batman of all time. personally, my favorite is ben affleck, and then probably, you know, kevin conroy might be there too. but michael keaton absolutely nailed the role. and the thing is, he never really got to to quite close off his character. he wanted to do batman forever. um, tim burton wouldn't return. michael keaton decided not to do it either. uh. so it's great that we can finally get some closure, and he he gets to to basically play the part that i think a lot of people love him for. you know, i i was born in 1988. batman came out in 19819. sorry, um, it was one of the first films i ever watched. absolutely incredible. blown away by this. and they did talk in the panel how ezra miller bumping into grass grant gustin's version of the flash. sorry, it's been a long day. grant gustin's version of the flash has sort of opened the possibility of the multiverse. and here he's discovering michael keaton's batman. so this first look looks incredible. now, there were talks that, well, basically, the report said that michael keaton would be sort of a mentor figure like nick fury in this concept art, though doesn't look like that at all. looks like, he looks like he's fighting alongside flash, which i definitely think is amazing. i'll absolutely love to see him go head to head with villains, fighting alongside the flash. so this first look, if this is concept or on what the film's going to be like, absolutely over the moon with it. and, uh, yeah, i just wanted to talk about this because all of the trailers and everything, this is kind of getting lost. and it really is something special. um. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts, so comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, please drop a thumbs up. it's been a very, very long day, and i i massively appreciate the support and the thumbs up on that. and, you know, thank you everyone for sticking with me. i'm not going to be doing face videos like this all the time. that's just, there's just absolutely no way i could do this many videos in a day, um editing them and recording the audio and writing a script, because there's just so many announcements. so thank you for sticking with me. you've been the best i've been. definition. and check out some of our other videos as well. much love. good night. you 