welcome to the man of recaps. this is house of cards, season 5. President Frank Underwood is running for election. he's losing to the attractive and charismatic governor will Conway. but last season, these two American kids kidnapped a family in the name of the terrorist group ICO. and Frank let them execute this guy on livestream to sow terror across the nation. and now he's rising in the polls things to his tough stance on terror. the FBI finally tracks the guy down, but when they stormed his hideout, there was nobody actually there, because Frank had him the whole time. they caught him awhile back, and he was just waiting for the right moment. Frank's also manipulating the election with his guy at the NSA, a Tanic Allen, who was harvesting voter data illegally to use it to help Frank win. there's a whole thing where to hide his tracks. he has to hack the whole government, but they just play it off as another terror attack. but even with all this cheating, on election night, Frank is still gonna lose. so he and Claire are like, okay, it's time to get serious. one of the terrorist leaders of ICO happens to share a name with some random guy living in Tennessee. so they get the NSA guy to fake the terrorist Intel. and the bomb threat is going they have to close the polls, and election night is declared null and void. apparently the rules for this are that the House of Representatives elects the president. vice president, though, was chosen by the Senate. and Claire underwood is popular enough, she wins that vote, and she's sworn in as temporary acting president. but Frank has to join the creepy, secret society of the wealthiest, most powerful men in America. the robes are only the one night, though mostly it's just a fun camping trip. most of these guys support Conway, but Frank starts winning them over, especially because with this whole election shenanigans, Conway's become a little unhinged. in fact, one of his friends is like, yo, he can't handle the stress of president. I'm gonna give you this recording of will cursing out his pilots one day. so they meet with Conway's campaign manager, mark pusher, who's like, yeah, I know. Conway is going down. and he's fine with this because Connolly's been pissing him off lately too. so Conway concedes defeat, and Frank Underwood's president once again. they bring mark Ashur into the inner circle because he's a real smart, well-connected guy, and he helped Frank at the whole camp thing. they also bring in jane davis, who is director of nothing at a small department, but she seems to know everything that's going on. earlier, she helped Claire through a fake bomb scare that was set up by a general who wanted Conway to win. and the Underwood's don't know this, but these two go way back, so who knows what their true motives are. at the NSA internal affairs starts snooping around, so Aidan freaks out and males he goes to Russia where president viktor petrov is using him as leverage against the Underwood's in a whole deal about a sinking ship and a missing scientist and some Chinese trade agreement. it doesn't matter. so they blame it on Lian Harvey because Aden was her friend. in fact, there were more than friends, they were lovers. Doug Stamper is like, hey, we need you to set him up. so he's assassinated, or else you're fired. this, for some reason, turns our on, and these two get it on. in case you're curious about Doug's love life, he's still banging the widow of the guy whose liver he stole the say, Frank's life. he finally comes clean to her, but she's like, yeah, I know the timing was super obvious. I've just been hate screwing you. so they break up. but anyway, LeAnn chooses her job, and she sets up a din and he is assassinated. to prove that she's fully committed to the Underwood's, she hands over all the sensitive data even gave her. but then on her way home, she's in a sketchy car crash, cuz Frank has taken no chances with loose ends. speaking of loose ends, reporter Tom hammerschmidt gets a visit from this girl who was Rachel's friend. she thinks Doug Stamper killed her, which, of course he did. but there's no proof of any of this. but there's a new reporter, Sean Jeffries. he's not afraid to get a little dirty to find the proof that she at least knew Rachel. but Tom hammerschmidt fires him because he stole his notes to go track her down. but this makes Tom want to reopen the Zoe Barnes case. and he gets an anonymous tip a security video of the train platform that day. and a guy who looks a lot like Doug Stamper, Sean Jeffries, gets a job at the White House because his girlfriend still works at the Herald, and he's able to tell Frank about the whole story. they're cookin. so Frank calls Doug for a fancy dinner, and he's like, hey, bud, you're gonna have to take the fall on this Zoe Barnes thing. I know it was me that actually killed her, but you're gonna confess it was you and that I had nothing to do with it. and Doug is loyal to the bone, so he going to jail. but for Frank Underwood, the scandals never end. this is congressman Romero, a rising star in the house. Frank needed his help to get elected, so he promised him a shout-out in his inauguration speech. but he snubbed him to teach this kid a lesson. so Romero starts a whole special inquiry into Frank's corruption. they bring in ex-president Garrett Walker, who's happy to plead the fifth until he's like, you know what? screw Frank. he's guilty as hell. so now Frank ship is sinking. even longtime ally Cathy Durant is gonna testify against him, so he pushes her down the stairs to stop that. not very subtle, Frank. but Jane Davis comes to him like, Frank, your presidency is tainted. these scandals are never gonna stop because you just made too many enemies along the way. and he's like, oh, I have a plan. so Frank goes to testify against himself, and he's like, you know what, I am corrupt, but so are every single one of you. this whole system's messed up, so I'm done with it. I resign. this takes Claire by surprise, but he's like, don't worry, honey. it's all part of my plan. in fact, me and Doug have been the ones leaking the information to the papers. see, if you take yourself down, you get to control how it happens. brilliant. see, he realized that even though he keeps narrowly beating all these scandals, they're gonna keep following him as long as he's in the public eye. when he was out camping, he realized it's those guys behind the scenes who hold the true power. so he's gonna join them, and Claire gets to stay here and be President, and together they will rule the country. of course, first she has to give him a presidential pardon, or he's going to jail. so Claire underwood is president for real this time. her inner circle is still marking Jane. this guy, whose name I forgot, didn't do much this season, so they replaced him with new guy. hey, remember writer Tom Yates? he's been Claire's vice presidential booty call all season. it's no secret affair, though Frank knows about it. in fact, he had his own brief affair with a civil war re-enactor turned personal trainer. I haven't mentioned clarin Tom's affair yet because it's been incredibly boring. basically, he just stands around in mopes. but eventually he decides to write a fiction novel that is very obviously based on his and Claire's relationship. so she has sex with him so hard that he dies. just kidding. it was poison. but Claire has now personally committed her first murder. she got Marcus her to clean up her mess, and he's like, wow, you owe me one. you're gonna make me vice-president. so clears making a great acceptance speech, but one thing noticeably missing is a pardon for Frank. he tries calling her that night, and she's like, no, I don't think so. she looks at the camera and she's like, my turn now. and that's how season five comes to an end. [Music], 