before we begin, let me start by saying this movie is mostly talking, so much talking, they should just called it casa blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. movie today are sam spade, the woman from notorious, which also starred claude reigns, and the bad guy from notorious, that also starred england bachmann. play. our story begins in the moroccan city called casa blah blah blah blah blah blah, where folks coming to make their way to the united states to get away from one of the most evilest dictators in history, who trims his mustache to look like charlie chaplin, and nain about bowing down to an unoriginal [ __ ] like that. so a little backstory moment, where we learned somebody killed two officers and made off with a couple of passport-like thingies that let people get out of the bad places being controlled by the aforementioned, evilest dictator with the charlie chaplin front and facial hair. but our story really begins at rick's cafe american, that's french for rick's american, teddy bear, which is owned and operated by, okay, rick. and let's not forget sam. tickle them. ivor is sam. i was supposed to yell that, but i'm too tired. maybe i'll do it later. so anyway, okay, rick gets a visit from this little fella named you gotti. and he's like, rick, you know what? i got it. and rick's like, what? you got it? and he says, i gotta these here letters of transit. and the moral of this story is, now rick got in the letters of transit. outside the club, we meet rick's buddy, captain renault, who's planning a little arrest tonight to snag you got in front of god and everybody. and okay, rick says, i'll stick my neck out for nobody. and renault tells him this man named laszlo is gonna bust up in the club tonight to try to buy those letters of transit from you got it. and he's bringing his wife, to whom rick used to slip his little ricky. so they try to arrest you got it, but not before they have a little wild west showdown, so the locals can feel like the club lives up to its name. and okay, wreck walks off like a cold cucumber and says, i'll stick my neck out for nobody. well, okay, captain repeats himself, and then walks last low and that booty, i mean, beauty, her name is ilsa, not to be confused with elsa. they sit down with captain renault and have a little convo about why the hell sam looks so familiar to ilsa, and why renault, much like elsa, has the hots for okay, rick? well, laszlo's off chatting with a man about how everybody thought leslow was dead, and how the man laszlo was supposed to meet here got it himself arrested. ilsa asks for sam to come over and play her song. and rick is no longer okay. he buzzed up on that mad as hell, looking like he just found out he's wearing peter lord's underpants. but he's just gonna sit down and converse and pretend like he ain't hit it. anyway, since they can't get it those letters of transit, rick and elsa have a little romantic exchange about their rendezvous in paris, and they little love diddy. after she leaves, gets rick-faced. i mean, rick gets faced. and rick reminisces about how he and elsa used to clink their champagne glasses. and by clink i mean bump and buy champagne glasses, i mean uglies memories like the corners of my mind. what went down was, once upon a time, rick and elsa met in paris and fell in love. because elsa's husband, laszlo, had been in an evil dictate, a bad place, and elsa thought he was dead, but he wasn't. and today the bad folks were about to invade paris. rick was gonna leave and take elsa with him. but she just can't go, because she found out her husband is still alive. but rick don't even know she's married, because i know don't tell nobody. so she just stands rick up, leaving him to take off, rain soaked on the train, like a lonely douche. so elsa comes back and tries to explain, but rick makes it to himself, and elsa leaves. and now rick is bummed. so the bad guys are like, hey, laszlo, let's pretend like we're wayne brady, and let's make a deal. you getting letters of transit if you give us the names of all the folks who think we're sh so now pretend like we're having mandel dealing. no deal. and laszlo's like, no deal. bit later, rick finds out ilsa was married to laszlo the whole time they was in paris playing hide to baguette. leslie and elsa find out, you got it no longer guided the letters of transit. and renault casually questions the man he loves about whether he knows what happened to them letters. back at the club, this lady tells rick renault has offered her some letters of transit, but since she ain't got a no money, he's willing to accept payment with nature's credit card. wink, wink. but rick is changed by love, and he don't want that poor lady to have to play pizza face with retinol. that's rick's job. so he tells the lady's husband to try 22, because rick's gambling tables are shadier than a leno. will you want another metaphor? i don't told y'all. i'm tired. so victor goes to see if rick got it them letters, because laszlo is a vip and the resistance needs him. but rick's saltier than a than a bag of great value potato chips. and laszlo's like, there must be some reason why you won't let me have them. and rick's like, i suggest you ask your wife, because he's colder than colder than my nipples in the middle of january. so leslow takes it out on the evil dictator with the charlie chaplin lip rug and interrupts the evil dictator song with their own song. then the whole bob joins in and drowns out all the evil. and elsa just sit there like, that's my man. and now the evil dudes are like, right now, shut this place down. so renault is like, no more party. you ain't got to go home, but you got to get the hell out of here. then one of the evil dictators is like, you'll need to get it back to france, or elsa, we gonna have to put the hurt on you. layla laslo asks ilsef, while he was away, she got herself some of that rip. but of course, she says no and runs off to try to convince rick to give her them damn lettuce, or else is she gonna have to put the hurt on him? but he's like, go ahead, just put me out of my damn misery. tiny peter's tiny draws are just too damn tight. but she's like, oh, rick, you have no idea how sad i was to find out my husband wasn't dead. and then she spills all the beans, and she promises rick she'll stay with him if he'll give laszlo one of them damn letters. and she ain't sad about it or nothing. then laszlo comes to the club wounded. elsa sneaks out, and rick and laszlo engage in some more blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. and lazlo tells rick to take those letters of transit and leave the country with his wife. so then laszlo getty arrested, and rick just sit there like, damn, i'm good. but rick goes to renault and it's like, hey, you know, you need some better charges on laszlo. you let him out, i'll sell him the letters. you can be there to arrest him, and i'll take his woman. so when everybody's at the club, plot twists, rick pulls a piece on randolph and tells him to get on the horn and tell the folks at the airport to let the two people coming in leave in peace at the airport. rick gives elsa his boring good guy monologue. you're leaving with your husband, blah, blah, blah. i'll trick you into doing this right thing, because apparently starring out movie, women can't think for themselves in 1942, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. so this movie gonna pay me as the great sacrificial hero, while you just stand here and cry because you're stuck with little laszlo. and let's face it, that just ain't got the same ring to it as lil ricky. so elsa takes off with her man. rick shoots an officer, and when the cops pull up, renault tells them rick didn't do it and they need to go round up the usual suspects. then rick and renault walk away and discuss their escape in their future and live happily ever after the end. wait, so somebody else gonna get the blame for killing the man rick killed? i ain't even taking sam. that ain't a happy ending. be sure to like, share and subscribe, because as time goes by, you want to be sure you guided your regular fixing mouth. and everyone join me in wishing a happy birthday to one of our longtime muffins. whiskey, whiskey. you all that and a bag of potato chips, but not great value, because you ain't that salty. for movies explained for i'm jab bogey die. here's looking at you, muffins, 