hello everyone. this is mr brain junkie here. and today we'll be talking about a revenge film called landmine ghost click. prepare for spoilers ahead. the story starts with a young couple, daniel and alicia, going on a camping trip with their friend chris. they stopped for daniel to have a quick bathroom break, while the boyfriend is gone. the two have a not so innocent conversation about how they hooked up. chris wants to tell his friend the truth, whereas alicia is a lot more dishonest. they venture into an old war zone and walks on foot to their camping location. on the way there, daniel stops on a mountaintop with his girlfriend and wants his friend to marry them right there. chris proceeds, but quickly becomes uncomfortable with their intimacy and bails out. clearly he still has a lot of residual feelings towards the girl. at night, chris finally comes to terms with their marriage and gives them his blessings. daniel then proceeds to take alicia to his tent and have a fun time while his friend is watching. the next morning, chris wakes up finding a man going through their stuff and has a fight with him. however, it turns out he is actually daniel's buddy who was getting his camera for alicia. the three then proceeds to stand together and have a photo. as they position themselves accordingly, chris steps on something and hears a click. the bald man shouts that it's a bomb and everyone needs to get away from chris for safety. the man then runs to the closest town to seek help. daniel and alicia tries to call for help with a cell phone, and luckily, they picked up a signal. as daniel talks on the phone, his tone changes. he looks at his girlfriend and tells her that they don't save [ __ ]. it turns out that chris told daniel about their hookups, most likely because he believed he was going to die. but it didn't matter, because daniel knew this a long time ago. in fact, he reveals that he was the one who planted the bond there. he lets out his anger on both of them and leaves, regardless of how hard alicia pleased for him to stay. daniel then goes looking for his friend, who never went for help in the first place, but is watching with a binocular. it's revealed that the bomb is fake, and the whole thing was set up as a revenge. the bald man wants to help them after a little bit, but daniel refuses and claims that they should go drink beer and seek out some ladies. alicia tries to disarm the landmine by leaving a pin in it, but we see as audiences that she was just lying to chris. whatever their intentions are, it seems like everyone in this movie has trouble about being honest. with no other way to disarm the bomb, she begins digging around it. after some time, a middle-aged man named elia shows up with his dog. he then points a gun at them, believing they're actually burying dead bodies. our protagonist quickly explains their situation and diffuses the conflict. however, when they ask the man for help, he is reluctant and even tries to sabotage the situation by throwing a rock at chris, knowing full well that he couldn't move. his actions become more and more vulgar, especially towards alicia, and he even takes one of her underwear out for the keeping. chris becomes furious and decides to step off the landmine and get physical, but alicia quickly stops him and reveals that she lied about the pin. ilya laughs at both of them and claims if they want his help, they have to make it worthwhile. he tells alicia to take off her underwear and begin stripping. chris tells her to stop, but she does not believe there is any other way. she satisfies the perverted requests from the man. but it was still not enough. chris tries to distract him by insulting his mother, which gives alicia an opportunity to run. however, she was caught and eventually forced to do unspeakable things with the fat man. chris manages to grab the gun, but is unable to pull the trigger because of their close proximity. he yells for alicia to quickly move away after the deed was done, but misfires due to elia's dog jumping on him. instead of hitting the man, he shot alicia right in the neck. ilia reveals to them that real landmines blow up right after you step on them, unlike the hollywood movies they always watch. he then leaves the two to their own peril. some time has passed, and we see chris is asking for help from a mother and her daughter. it turns out that they're actually ilia's family. the fat man comes back and is shocked when he sees chris and asks him to leave right away. surprisingly, chris actually does what he was told and leaves the family alone. nonetheless, elias sets his dog on chris and prays that it's enough to scare him away. moments later, chris runs back with elia's dog wounded and close to dying. ilia quickly brings out his gun and aims at the protagonist. however, chris knows that the gun is not loaded, as he took the bullets away, and proceeds to shoot both ilya's ankles, crippling him. he then begins to threaten elia's daughter to take off her underwear the same way alicia was forced to. chris takes the underwear and stuffs it into her father's mouth, warning him not to spit it out. he takes out all but one bullet from his gun and forces the daughter to strip. every time she does, he posts the trigger. she eventually succumbs to his wishes. but luck runs out, and chris shoots her point blank in the head. a shocked expression can be seen from chris's face after he realized what he has done. it then becomes regret, emptiness and sadness as he realizes nothing can bring alicia back. the movie is obviously trying to tell us that revenge never solves anything, and it surely does not make one feel any better. we should also try not to lie to each other, as it is almost guaranteed to make things worse. so what do you guys think about the movie? please let me know in the comments below. and if you like my videos, please press like and subscribe for more. i'll see you guys next time. [Music]. you 