[Music] bird box is currently one of Netflix's most popular films. and personally, I think a lot of that can be attributed to the fact that the monsters within the movie carry a lot of mystery. these monsters, when looked upon and caused the victim to commit suicide. so naturally, there's a lot of speculation rife on the internet surrounding their appearance. while star Sandra Bullock recently stated in an interview that they looked like giant green snake babies. Dirk Rogers, who was cast as the creature and even played it and deleted scenes, stated that this color was simply for visual effects. of course, this didn't really stop the appetite that fans have in order to find out their actual design. luckily, Andy Berke Holt, who was a designer on the film, recently posted an Instagram image and caption with the original design of the monsters as well. on that image, he stated that, we had the unique pleasure of designing creepy makeup for the film. although the scene ultimately ended up on the cutting room floor. keep in mind that the fatal visions that each character saw would likely be different for each person. and this makeup appeared in a cut dream / nightmare sequence with Sandra Bullock's character. considering her pregnant state and emotional arc through the movie, the producers felt Sandra's nightmare would have something to do with the twisted, demonic baby creature attacking her. I sculpted at least three or four variations on the design before it was approved, which began as a more aggressive, monstery look and was revised to be a bit more subtle in the end. I also had the pleasure of painting the finished prosthetics before sending them to set to be worn and performed by the one and only Turk Rogers. in the end, I actually really liked the movie and think it was better off not showing the makeup. kudos to the director for sticking to her guns on that one. still a fun project to be a part of. thanks. Howie, well, I love about this is that the design definitely ties into Sandra Bullock's character arc and makes a lot of sense as to why you would be so terrifying. for, of course, the film does work better without showing the creatures. and it's probably for the best that this never came to light, as the Internet has been an uproar about how laughable some of the aspects are. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the monsters and whether you think they would have worked. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of everything we know so far about glass, which will be linked at the end of this video. this is a channel for people who are heavy into horror. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 