welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and with the gentleman now our worldwide, it's time to break down one of January's biggest movies. throughout this video, we'll be talking about all of the ins and outs of the plot, everything that you need to know about the film and our thoughts on it as a whole. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to see the movie yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of the gentlemen. okay, so the gentlemen is pretty much shot and edited with guy ritchie's signature style. the movie jumps about from location to location, moving backwards and forwards through time, and his fourth wall breaking moments that add a touch of dark humor to the proceedings. primarily, it's told through the eyes of Blecher, a slick talking cockney who narrates most of the events of the film. fletcher, played by an almost unrecognizable Hugh Grant, has been keeping his eyes on the London underworld, most notably Micky Pearson. and he is planning to blackmail a character and his partners. Mickey is a high-profile drug dealer that has built a large marijuana Empire hidden throughout states in England. Mickey's had a change of heart, though, and has decided that enough is enough and it's time to cash out of the business whilst he still can. Mickey wishes to sell his thriving business to a rival competitor named Matthew Bergere for a sum of four hundred million dollars. and it looks like the deal is going to go ahead. unfortunately, one of his labs is robbed one night, and thus the security and anonymity of them comes into question, forcing Mickey and his partner, Raymond, to get to the bottom of it. the plot is pretty complex, and I can imagine that many people will get lost in it, because it doesn't really let up at all. in typical Richie style, it jumps about from situation to situation, presenting scenes as anecdotes rather than fully fledged plot points. but by the end of the film, they all come together in a seminal way. Richie has always been a master at creating almost puzzle-like productions that you only really get a full understanding of by the end of the film. this is definitely the case with the gentlemen. and had to admit that a quickly became swept up in its storyline due to the fast pacing and a blinking your mister lines that bill towards the entire hole from a purely bird's-eye point of view. and in order to streamline the plop of this breakdown, we learn that bird you wish to get a better deal on the business. and thus began working with another rival gangster named Raya. he hired a gang to rob Mickey and lowered the price on the offer. however, the gangs mentor, the coach, played by Colin Farrell, discovered this, and learning of Mickey's reputation, he decided to try and get them out of trouble. so went to Raymond directly in order to smooth things out. this allows Micky to discover Burgess real plan and get back the original price that they agreed on through locking him in a freezer. and the Manning he transferred the money and also hand over a pound of flesh. that's pretty much the major arc of the storyline and what the main premise of the film is. there were several elements that throw spanis in the works, though, namely dry eye, who decides to try and achieve power for himself. this also is subplot involving one of the richest State homeowners that wishes to get his daughter back, and the employees Mikiko to do this. when getting the girl, one of Mickey's henchmen accidentally kills a young russian boy, who was later revealed to be the son of a high-profile gangster. who wishes to get revenge. they send an assassin to kill Mickey, but luckily, Raymond shoots him first. and it's during this time that he also kills dry eyes, who was attempting to kidnap his wife. how about have a lost year. but anyway, Fletcher gives Raymond a deadline of 72 hours in order to get 20 million for him, otherwise he will send all of the information to a media tycoon who owns a newspaper known as the daily print. we learned that not only has Raymond tracked where Fletcher hid the blackmail material, but that he is also called upon the favour that the coach owed he and his gang went to the owner of the daily print, drugged him and filmed him having sex with a pig in order to keep everything silent. when Fletcher returns for the money, they put him in a box and are just about to kill him, but he died. bulges that the Russians are also making attempts on their lives, and thus is allowed to go free. after two assassins sent for Raymond are killed by the coach. the coach's gang also believed that he was being held in some way by Mickey, so they went to kill him, but in doing so, ended up shooting the Russian assassins that had managed to capture him. Fletcher goes to sell the story anyway, to Miramax. and director there looks very similar to a certain mr. Guy, Ritchie. this is probably one of the most fourth wall breaking elements of the movie. and I loved seeing the poster for the Man From UNCLE as well as several of the Easter eggs in the office. Fletcher has adapted the story into a foam script known as Bush. this is a little nod to the original film's title. and during the production of the movie, this is what it was known as, before it was changed to the gentlemen. it was also known as tough guys, which also gets paid lip-service to. in the film, Fletcher is picked up outside and taken away by Raymond, which allows Mickey to settle down with his wife. though, like a lot of Ritchie films, that the movie does leave some things up in the air, most notably the script for Bush. this details all of the ins and outs of Mickey's operation. and if the movie does get greenlit, it could potentially cause some problems for the character. we do know that the script is that Miramax, but Raymond has the means to silence it, should it ever come to it. now, one of the big questions I've seen floating around about the film's ending is, is Mickey actually out? but we're really two ways you can look at it, though, but I do think that he is. the main reason that people believe that he is in is because earlier in the movie, Mickey and his wife have a sort of back and forth about how he will struggle leaving it all behind. Mickey propositions his wife by saying any chance, which she rebuffs, because there are hints that she doesn't want him to leave the drug business. and she's displeased that he's considering it. however, at the end, he once again asks, and she closes the door, suggesting that the two get it on, which ends the movie. now the fact that she is accepting of this shows that he's probably still involved with the underworld. there's also Raymond who is still cleaning things up for Mickey, most namely Fletcher. the deal with virtue resources, something I've seen people bring up as handing over four hundred million dollars and a pound of flesh will likely sting the character. but there are hints that the deal did go ahead by the use of a steak on a grill after the demand is asked of the character. so it does look like he went through with it. and though many think that he is still in the game, personally, I think he's out. and this closing of the door at the end is a symbolic closing of the door, and is our lifestyle. he does say in the movie that he does want to settle down with his better which this scene of the two together, shutting the door on that past definitely symbolizes Burchett has handed over the cash, and a deal is a deal, so he will now be in charge of his empires. and he will likely leave the character alone because of fier obviously. though let me know your thoughts below on the meaning behind the final few minutes. but personally, I think the character is out for good. but what did I think of the film overall? well, though it doesn't quite recapture the feeling that I had when watching lock stock for the first time, this is definitely one of the directors bests. it's stylistic in all the right places, smooth, charming, funny and wickedly edited. it provides a real commentary on life in England, too, with characters coming from council estates all the way up to the 1%. Richie has always had a flair for dialogue, and this is massively on show here, with characters spouting off some incredible one-liners in brilliant fashion. everything fits together nicely, too. and though a lot of elements initially seem unimportant, everything ties together neatly at the end to make a hole. Richie expertly places building blocks, and these all come together to form a brilliantly slick storyline that I had a lot of fun whilst watching. it's too early to say if this is one of the best movies of the air. but looking at the other entries in the month, I think it's definitely up there with 1917. other than that, there's not really anything out there like it. and it's a blast from start to finish. Ritchie is back on his a-game, and hopefully this kick starts a decade for him with a new direction, after a couple of his last movies felt quite short. all of the cast are great and having a blast with the material, especially Hugh Grant, who's never really played a part like this before. and for a guy who's very typecast, he completely transforms in this role and is brilliant throughout the movie. overall, I had a hell of a lot of fun with a gentleman, and that's why he gets an 8 out of 10. and obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the gentlemen and what you thought of the film. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up. make sure you check out our breakdown of 1917, which is gonna be linked at the end. we go over everything you need to know about the movie. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you'll become chat to me. after the video that makes you follow me on twitter at definition whitey. will head over to my discord server, which is good be linked in description below. we drop videos on there early. so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be, it's pre adjoining. we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 