welcome to thriller recapped. today i will show you an american psychological, mind-bending thriller film called inheritance. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. this movie is about a wealthy and powerful political family based in new york city. after the sudden death of protagonist's father, she is in search of some answers, and dark secrets are revealed that can ruin everything they've ever gained. the movie starts in new york city, where we see lauren monroe. she is a very famous lawyer. and she goes to courtroom after the morning walk. there we see her turning down a million dollar case just because she does not want to defend a criminal. she is considered as a lawyer who always stands and fights for the people, not for the money. then we see archer monroe, a wealthy businessman. he is having difficulties in breathing as he walks in woods. then we see willian monroe. he is the younger brother of lauren, and he is a young politician, and he wants to be the mayor of the city. outside the courtroom, we see a news reporter asking lauren that they just got the news that her father passed away in their family's summer house. she is in a huge shock. later we see catherine monroe, mother of lauren and william monroe. and we see scott, husband of lauren, and they have a daughter attending the funeral. few hours later, william and lauren are talking about their dad, and william says, dad was proud of you. however, she sadly says, it is beginning at the end. then she goes to her dad's office room and recalls how he used to teach her to play chess as a game of life, and plan 10 moves ahead before you even make one move. then we see harold, their family attorney. he is there to announce the will of her dad. in the will, it is mentioned that katherine is now made ceo of their family business. william is given 20 million dollars, and strangely, lauren is only given 1 million, and the rest of 50 million dollars are donated to police and medicine school. later, he privately gives her a package and says it is only for her. she then opens it and finds a usb stick along with a pair of keys, in which she sees a video her father made. he tells her that he loves her. then he says that the truth must stay buried in the woods till she dies. and he apologizes. later, scott stops her and he wants to talk to her, but she says she needs some time alone. she then walks in an isolated area in middle of woods near their house. she then comes across a surface that looks like an entrance to something. it has a lock on it. so she opens it with a key, and there are stairs in it. and she goes inside that bunker. the place has a storage area as well. then she opens a door. there is man tied up. she bravely checks on him, and he moves. scared from all this, she runs from there in sports mode. she calms herself down and tries to look normal as she enters the house. she calls 9-1-1, but then she says it was a mistake. her brother feels bad about the money distribution, so he decides to share, but she denies it. she then speaks to her mom. her mom says her dad was proud of her, even if he never said it. she asks if her dad had any enemies. her mom says he was not a saint, but she don't need to worry about it. later that night, scott tries to talk to her again, but she says she still needs some time alone. and she sends their daughter as well. later, she grabs her childhood picture. in flashback, we see her dad telling her to take court case of their rich friends. but she says she will not defend criminals. next morning, she takes a gun, and she decides to go in the bunker again. her phone has no service in there. she then sees the man sleeping. she takes his prints. while he is sleeping, he opens his eyes, and she leaves from there. few hours later, she comes back with a mask and asks for his name. he says he likes masks. we see a line drawn in the room. he then says, show me your face, lauren elizabeth monroe. and he tells her details like the day she was born, name of her brother, details about her husband that she was forced to marry. and he mentions her daughter as well. and then he asks her take off the mask. she asks him who he is, and he says he is like a family member after all these years. he then says her dad must be dead since she reached there. she speculates that he must have done something to be there. he asks her if she has any moral values, or she is just like her dad. she wants to know about him. in return, he says he wants the juiciest steak on earth with potatoes and caesar salad, along with goldwater, cigarettes and some chocolate, a newspaper with 30-year-old bottle of scotch, making up for 30 years that he has been captive there, and a slice of key lime pie. he also wants to shave. she threatens him that she can walk away and let him rot there. however, he replies that your conscience will not let you do it. she gives him a razor from the shelf, and he asks to leave the lights on, since her father used to give him light for only one hour a day. she then leaves. she then goes back to home. she scans the prints and sends a voicemail to their family friend, detective emilio sanchez, asking him to run a check on it as soon as possible. after she gathers all the things the guy asked for, she gets a call from scott. she tells him she is doing well and she needs some space. she then gives the guy all things he asked for. and he smells the steak, then starts eating the food, enjoying it with tears of joy. she wants to know about the truth, but he starts laughing and she leaves. she then comes back few hours later and brings him a chocolate bar and a bottle of scotch. he gets emotional when he sees the chocolate bar. he says, her dad would bring chocolate once a year for him and give him one square piece of it. and he used to put the bar on shelf to taunt him, along with the pictures he took of him. she then opens the box and finds pictures of him from every year. he then introduces himself as morgan warner, and he grabs her hand. then he apologizes by saying it's been long he had human contact. he then tells his story. 30 years ago he met archer. they had same taste of money, gambling and women. then they became business partners. he says one night they had few drinks, an archer was driving and they ran over someone on road. they killed a pedestrian. he wanted to call police, but archer said, if there's no body, there's no crime. archer insisted that they cover up the crime. so archer buried it, but morgan was against it. then archer attacked him and knocked him out and brought him to the bunker. he begged to kill him, but archer didn't do it since he was afraid. and he didn't let him go as well that morgan will go to cops. then morgan claims archer has an affair with a woman called sofia. she is everything that catherine couldn't be. lauren does not believe. so he gives her the address of her house and asks her to check it by herself, and also to ask harold, the family attorney, about it, since he knew about it as well. lauren rages up, and she leaves. she obviously cannot process all this, and still calms herself down. and she calls the detective to check on the man, morgan warner. meanwhile, we can see morgan working out and reading the newspaper. later, shiraj to the address and asked to meet sofia. soon she meets sofia, and she invites her in. and she asks why she came there. sofia tells her that she met her father in a poker game. she then looks at a picture and realizes her dad even has a son with her. at this point, we can say that lauren is in shock again about the parallel life her dad was living, and she breaks down. later, she goes to harold and tells him that he is a snake in the grass. she mentions sofia, but he says it's his job to keep secrets. she asks to know more secrets. he says, nothing that can harm you. he then says there are things that he will hide till he goes to grave. and he asks her to walk away. later she meets her mom. they all seem to be preparing for the election campaign of william. she asks him about morgan warner, but her mom cannot recall anything. then william shows up. he says that he is losing some polls and wants her to come to the rally. since she is a famous attorney who has an image of being good, she agrees. she then goes to see morgan, and she asks him why he didn't mention the sun. he says he wanted her to suffer when she knows about it herself. she asks him if he knows anything else. he says he knows everything, since her father used to come to him and confess everything, that the bad husband he was. she asks him about the body of pedestrian. he says he does not know the direction, but he wants his freedom if he takes her there. they agree. she then takes him outside. he looks at the sky and starts to laugh out of joy. he says he even missed the scene of earth. and he thanks her. scott calls her. he asks her why she is ghosting him and their daughter. she apologizes and hangs up. she then starts driving, and he gives her the directions, like offline maps, and they go to the exact path. upon arrival, he walks a bit and takes her to the spot and tells her the body is buried here. she starts digging. morgan starts smoking. after a while, she comes across a human skull. her fears came true. and she starts hiding it again, just like her father. then they leave. she takes him to the bunker again and asks him to put the collar back. she now has second thoughts. he begs that he haven't seen her mother. he even didn't speak to her since 30 years. she says she is not the one who is responsible. he says, you can fix it. she then says that she didn't volunteer for this. he begs to her, and then he says, you are just like your father. he promises that he won't say it to anyone, not even cops. he will just vanish and spend the remaining years of his life in peace. she says, i'm sorry. and she steps back and she leaves. later, she calls the detective to find the information of morgan warner, but they don't have the file there, and it will take few days to get the hard copy of the file. the next day, she goes to harold aggressively. he says, stop asking questions you don't want to hear answers to and asks her to walk away. she then goes to william. she asks him for some advice. she says it's for one of the cases in court. she asked him what he would have done if a guy knew all the secrets and he is harmed to you. he replies, either dump his body in the river, or pay him off and walk away. later, she goes back to bunker with a bag. he asks her to do the right thing. she wants him to vanish. he says he was in this prison for more time than she is alive. then they agree. she gives him the keys. she then goes to harold and asks for 100 000 cash and a private jet to fly off a person to cayman islands. he asks for a reason. she says she can't tell him. if you don't have a choice. later we see morgan in his new look. she asks him what her dad told him about her. he says he was proud of her, but he didn't like that she is going after his rich friends. he says, at least he didn't buy the union reps. she is surprised. then she goes to william, and she asks him if he paid off union reps. he says there is no evidence. she is against the bribery. he says their father even bribed people so she can be a district attorney. and she gives him a batman slap, and she leaves. later, morgan takes one piece from chess as a memory, and they leave the bunker. outside, he enjoys his freedom and makes a prayer for the time he lost of his life. they arrived to the private jet. she apologizes for everything, and he thanks her harold gives him new ids and 100 000 in cash and an account number with 1 million dollars. then they get ready to leave. later, she goes back to the bunker, and she starts putting all the stuff in trash. then we see detective sending the hard copy of the file in which the fingerprint match was found earlier when lauren took fingerprints of morgan and sent it for verification. while cleaning, she comes across to a bottle of poison. then she comes out, and she goes to the house. her mother open the package, and she asks her why she has picture of carson thomas. lauren thought he was morgan, and tells her mom that her dad kept that man in their backyard for 30 years, locked up. catherine says, this man is pure evil. lauren says she let him go. she then goes to see harold, but finds out that the jet is still there. and she finds his dead body with the chess piece the guy took. she then goes to her house, and her mom is no longer there. she then goes back to the bunker and finds her they're unconscious. carson turns off the light. he says he lived in darkness, and his ears got adjusted to it. he then attacks her. he then ties her up. carson says he injected archer with the poison he gave to him to kill himself. then he found lauren coming in, so he pretended like a stray dog and helpless. he says her brother would have thrown away the key, but she is not like them. catherine wakes up, and she tells her what happened that night. he gave her a pill and he forced himself on her. archer came there and he took him, then he ran over a pedestrian. then archer buried the body and brought carson to the bunker so he can make him suffer. he then slaps catherine. lauren says she is willing to testify for him. however, he wants revenge and wants them to rot there and know what he survived. he then reveals that he is the biological father of lauren. she rages up and attacks him. catherine takes the gun and she shoots him in the head. then they both pour gasoline throughout the bunker and set it on fire, destroying all the evidence of carson's captivity. then the movie ends. let me know what you think about the movie. also, please like and subscribe. it really helps the channel 