[Music]. Deadpool 2 is arguably the greatest post-credit scene of all time. it breaks the fourth wall in the way that only Deadpool can. and I was blown away by just how rooted in comic-book movie history and Ryan Reynolds career it was. recent reports have shown that there was a scene that was originally meant to accompany the after credits section. however, it was cut due to reasons that I will talk about later. throughout this video, I will be discussing Deadpool tubes at the credit scene. so if you haven't seen the film that I highly recommend that you give this video. I'll miss to avoid all spoilers. but that out of the way, I'm definition. and this is my discussion on the cut Deadpool to end credits. see Deadpool twos polished credits scene involves him traveling through time and killing the version of himself from x-men origins, Wolverine, as well as Ryan Reynolds as he reads the script for green lanten. but it didn't stop there. earlier in the film, Deadpool had jokingly discussed with cable about traveling back in time to kill Hitler as a baby. and this comes to full fruition. sources close to the film reported that Deadpool appeared in newborn ward, standing next to a crib with the name tag that says a Hitler. he goes back and forth and doing it. and when a baby cries, and he says, shut up, Eva. you'll thank me someday. finally he goes for it. then we switched to baby Hitler's POV as Deadpool strangles him to death. whilst I find this hilarious, apparently it did make some people very uncomfortable and test screenings. and due to the obvious controversial aspect of killing a baby as your final scene, the producers cut it. but hopefully it ends up as a deleted scene on the blu-ray release. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this deleted scene, so please let me know if you think it went too far or was perfect for this. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and subscribe to my channel. as I do ending explain videos across a wide range of media, from TV to games, movies and more. there will definitely be something on the channel that you love. and if you want to see more, then check out my ending explain video for Deadpool 2 and Avengers infinity war. thanks very much for taking the time to watch this video. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 