welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition in this episode, we'll be breaking down the stranger on Netflix. the show has a lot to unpack from it, and throughout this video, we'll be going through its overall plot and the ending. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the series yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. well, the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into our breakdown of the stranger. did you see Corinne? this isn't what you think. there's more to this. the stranger is based on the 2015 book of the same name by Harlan Coben. initially, the series opens on Adam Pryce, a football dad who's approached by the titular stranger. and with there comes an allegation about the characters wife, Corinth. early in their relationship, Adam was going to break up with Corrin, but he stayed with her because she was pregnant. however, the stranger reveals that this was faked, along with the miscarriage that followed. not long after, it sets alarm bells ringing in his head, and she carries a warning that he may not even be the father of his two sons. Adam sets out to know the truth, and it slowly tears his marriage apart and plants paranoia and distrust in the couple. whoever. Koren says, there is more to the story than meets the eye. and after she disappears, it sets Adam off on a quest to get to the bottom of it all. it's a brilliant way to open the show, and it sets up the aesthetic that the stranger has the ability to tear people's lives in two. similar to the source material, this enigmatic figure seems to know at all. she's like a ghost, because the stranger begins to torture everyone that she comes into contact with, blackmailing them and revealing hidden secrets that she somehow acquired. there were links together, and though there are several strands to the storyline that seem unconnected, they all interweave with one another, making for a gripping narrative. I'm going to be breaking down the show in non chronological order, just to simplify everything as it gets complex with certain reveals. the main players are the aforementioned Chindi Adam and Corrin Adams, client Martin - detectives, Joanna and Wes, Joanna's friend Heidi, and a group of high-school people's Joe, though, don't let her hear me call her, that finds her decapitated alpaca, which is linked to a boy named Dante that overdosed in the woods. Dante is a youtuber with 3,000 subscribers, and I did warn him that something bad would happen if he didn't stay off my patch. he secretly filmed Karim before she went missing. and these are sort of voya. we learned that apparently Koren stole money from the school football club. and this becomes a big plot point in the finale. I'm jamming ahead here, but it's revealed that one of the high school students was suspected of sending child pornography to the entire school. the victim's sister believed this to be a boy named Mike Tripp and now she spiked him with PCP. and during this trip, excuse the pun, he decapitated the alpaca. Mike believes he may be responsible for Dante's condition, but we discover it with someone else, which I'll get into later. Heidi is blackmailed by the stranger and is told that if she doesn't pay up, her daughters only fan account, or whatever it is, will be put online, but I don't know what it's called. just in case my wife's watching, don't look out our bank statements. this puts our on a path with a dangerous policeman named detective John Katz, who will do anything to cover up a secret. he murders Heidi. and this came to me as a huge surprise, especially if he'd been keeping up-to-date with how the show has been promoted. Jennifer Saunders was doing the chat show circuit earlier this month, and I see her taken out by a crooked cop. was a huge turn up for the books. it's revealed that John is working for a rich businessman who met with Heidi's daughter several times and became her sugar daddy. John has been tasked with covering this up, hence his hunt for the stranger. speaking of policemen, through a retired one named Martin Adam, is helping to retain his home against his father. Adams father used to live in the area, and the two actually have a long-standing grudge with one another that's revealed later in the show. with the help of Martin, he tracks Koren through a woman named Susan, who was also blackmailed by the mysterious figure at the center of it all. what's so great about the stranger is that most of it seems grounded, implausible. other than John and a character I'll get into in just a bit, nothing is really over the top. there's not many twists that don't seemed like they couldn't happen. we exist in a world where we freely hand over private information on our lives to social media, and you can see how someone could easily build a database of blackmail material on a target. there's also a theme of what you don't know can't hurt you that I found arguably the most compelling aspect of the show. the stranger pretty much forces the information upon people at times, and some would rather not know. it's the classic notion that ignorant is bliss. and I found myself putting myself in the characters shoes and wondering if I'd want to know the truth, if it would destroy all that I'd built. information is power, and this show it definately exemplifies that. it made me question if the stranger was even the bad guy in all this. and whilst I did conclude that she was, a lot of the time she was only punishing people who deserved it. she was catching a lot of people in a lie. however, I think in the case of Heidi, that she did go too far and was simply blackmailing her for the sake of it. now, from here, Adam tracks is stranger by using the memory of an autistic man named Max. it's the usual trope where autism is a superpower, but it helps to keep the plot moving. this is the character that was talking about before. and I always kind of feel like when they do this in a show or film, it is quite lazy and and here, I felt kind of like a dead plot point. luckily, they don't dwell on it too long. and the cat and mouse game with his wife also unearths his own affair with an old work colleague. now, everything in the show operates in shades of grey rather than black and white, and Adam becomes a suspect in his wife's disappearance. her key fob was planted at the crime scene of Heidi's murder. and John oversees the police interview trying to find out what's going on. it's revealed that Jon has an extremely sick daughter named Olivia, and her mother has Munchausen by proxy and has been poisoning her. it's really messed up. and the high school group uncovered, after trying to confront the family over why Olivia told people Mike was behind the spreading of the explicit images that we talked about earlier, it's revealed that Olivia actually did it. and though Mike was spiked, he wasn't complicit in the crime against Dante, it's revealed that Daisy took his clothes and the max came across Dante and chased him. his collapse turns out to be an accident, and max just ended up leaving him. it was probably the most disappointing reveal on the show for me, as I was a spectin big repercussions from this. but by the end, it all just kind of fell flat and got swept under the rug. as for Martin, after his house is signed up for demolition, it's revealed that he murdered his wife and hid her body in his home. and this is why he didn't want to sell it. like many characters, he's been living a lie for yes. however, unlike the rest, because he kept it in his home, no one was able to use the information against him. everyone is skeletons in their closets, things that they hide, and all that the stranger is doing is pulling these to the surface. it's revealed that Martin and the stranger have a connection with one another, and there's some irony in the fact that she owned its secrets whilst he hid them. it makes for a really gripping drama. and as someone who was a bit Maire from the first trailer, I found it really pulling me in. there's just something distinctively British about the whole series, and it manages to take the mundane and elevate it so that you're hanging off every scene and performance. that's no easy feat, but the cast do a great job of portraying real people stuck in the myths of their lives falling apart, and it makes for brilliant viewing. slowly we learn about the stranger and how she operates. she states early on in the season that her mother ended up with the wrong man. and this is what's driven her. it's why she exposes so many affairs, betrayals and things from people's past. and through her accomplice Ingrid, they're able to dig up dirt on people and use the information to blackmail them. she pretty much has been keeping tabs on the majority of the characters in the show. deep down, she thinks she has high morals, but really she's just a thief. the stranger is actually revealed to be Bones child. and this explains her keen detective skills. it also explains her motives, as after her mother apparently left, she became distrustful of Martin, and suspecting the lies, Sheehan covered the truth about how he killed her mother. the stranger learned that she wasn't actually Martin's daughter when she discovered they were incompatible for an operation. and she actually turns out to be Adams half-sister. due to Adams father having an affair with the strangest mother. after the murder of Heidi, the two go into lockdown and try and get rid of all the evidence. Adam ends up working with his father to find his wife. and they realized that the stranger has been in contact with both of them. John uncovers the truth about Olivia's illness, and we find out that Koren suspected the poisoning to his connection to Heidi's death as an earth. and this sends him against his former co-workers. after Adam is staking the contacts him instead of Joe, they collide with the stranger and a partner. John is finally caught and arrested. and it's here that the truth about the strangest kinship is revealed. it's a huge twist in the season that shows how tied together all of the events are. she told Adam about Koren because they were family, and it's revealed that she was hired by a co-worker of Koren to expose the truth. it turns out that she was actually set up by Mike's dad, trip, so that he could get away with stealing the money. Koren knew he did this, and thought that the pregnancy exposure was carried out by trip, and this is why she fled. unlike the stranger, Koren kept the secret, but ultimately trips Bureau exposure pushed him over the edge, and he murdered her. trip takes out him out to where he buried Curran. and it's a brutal last half hour for the season. I really didn't see this turn coming. and trip actually almost talks the character out of going to the police due to how the entire setup and story of the season looks. Adam completely loses it and kills trip, only to be farmed by Joe. she helps to frame John, who is already going down for a crime. and as it's his gun, it's easy to tie him to it. the season closes with Adam being cleared for the murder, and the characters all standing around watching the football. on the surface, they all look happy, but there's an undercurrent that they have once more being trapped in a lie. the stranger watches over them and her father, we wonder if it's all going to blow open once more with even worse consequences. the ending signifies that lies, no matter what, almost always affect people and lead to something negative. the entire story of how the show started off was because of a secret being kept. and due to this, everything snowballed out of control. once the lie was uncovered, it led to more and more being on earth. and yeah, this pretty much tore everyone's lives apart. it completely wrecked the families in the show. and pretty much every character who ends up dead or damaged by the seasons clothes ended up like this because at one point they light this theme. throughout the season, paints out the idea that the light at the end will come to the surface eventually. John will have caused protesters, in a sense. and even Joe seems unsure if he'll be convicted. as we know he was in custody during trips murder, and forensics will likely be able to verify this, similar to Koren. Adam is now living on borrowed time, purely because the lie will eventually be brought to the surface in one way or another. and this will also bring out the entire conspiracy, which seems to be hidden. Adams father never got his comeuppance. and now I don't think that the stranger will expose Adam. she will likely still go after her dad. this could bring everything up. and personally, I really took the ending as them acknowledging that lies never have a positive outcome, even when we think they will. Joe helped Adam, and though it seemed like a heart was in the right place, when discovered, he will go to jail, as will she. it's a bittersweet ending. and personally, I thought it was a brilliant way to end the show. I really enjoyed the stranger, and it's tight storytelling provided a compelling watch throughout. I did feel a bit that the high school students storyline didn't really go anywhere, especially the alpaca bit. and it would have been nice to have seen Mike's reaction to his father's murder. we also never really find out if Adam is truly the father. and there's a lot of things left up in the air. I'm unsure if we will get a second season at the moment. so I think niece would have brought a lot of closure to the entire show. saying all that, though, I had tons of fun with it and definitely recommend that you check it out this weekend. the stranger was great, and it gets an 8.5 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the stranger and what you took from the ending. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and make sure you check out a breakdown of last week's big Netflix release, chilling Adventures of Sabrina part 3, which is gonna be linked at the end, we go over the show and give our thoughts on the ending. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to support the channel from its little there's 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. you get access to content early, and can also suggest video topics and breakdowns. we massively appreciate it, and it goes a long way to helping videos like this get made. every month, we give away free movies to people who are subscribed to the channel. and this month you can win dr. sleep. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you sub with notifications on. the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of February. it's the best of luck that everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace you 