[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and it looks like the Merc with a mouth will be making his MCU debut a lot sooner than you think. after last weekend's huge phase 4 announcement that showed the incredible line of the Marvel have in store for the next two years, many was slightly dismayed to see that Deadpool was nowhere amongst the lineup. the character was arguably one of the most popular Fox properties, and during the Disney Fox acquisition, he seemed like one of the biggest draws. Kevin Feige recently revealed that Deadpool will indeed be featuring in Marvel projects going forward, though he didn't say whether they would be standalone or incorporated into the very pg-13 MCU. naturally, people have been speculating a lot about what could happen going forward, but it looks like today that Ryan Reynolds pretty much out-and-out confirm that Wade Wilson will once again be back. in a recent upload to Instagram, Reynolds posted the following photo and caption, which reads, investigation heading into f5, or as I call it, phase 5. the point is I love conspiracy yarn hashtag a leak over Surrey. this is, of course, a callback to the infamous Deadpool footage that leaked, and, due to positive reception, actually got the foam pushed fully into production. the most interesting part of the post though is, of course the mention of phase 5, which is clearly a reference to the MCU so future lineup. and it makes sense that on the anniversary of the initial leak, that Reynolds would celebrate by leaking the fact that Deadpool will be returning to our screens, intertwined with more Marvel properties. though this isn't an official statement, to me, it seems like Reynolds would use today, the 28th of July, to announce that he will once again be returning, and Disney will no doubt, have massive plans for the character going forward. Fergie announced that the phase four panel that mutants would be making their way to the MCU soon. and this was clearly aimed towards the phase 5 lineup that seems to be shaping up to include Deadpool. Feige and Disney chief Bob Iger have both voiced the fact that they'd be up at him r-rated movies with the character and for me, this is confirmation that we will be getting him back screens sooner rather than later. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this to use. and if you're excited to see Wade Wilson back on the big screen, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it and make sure you stay locked to the channel for more breaking news as its announced. if you want to see more comic book related breakdowns, then make sure you check out my ending explain video for season one of the boys, which goes over the entirety of the season and discusses what could happen in the future. I'll leave that linked at the end, and hopefully I'll see you over there after this. and if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me on twitter at definition YT. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I'll see you over there. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 