[Music]. a musician, casey affleck, lives with his wife in a small house in dallas, texas. they lead a happy life together and are looking for a new home and planning their move. she tells him that before she moves away from a place, she likes to hide a note for herself there, in case she ever returns. they occasionally hear strange noises in the house. one night they hear a loud bang in their living room, which contains a piano, which came with the house. they cannot find the source of the noise. the next morning, the husband is killed in a car accident in front of their house. at the hospital, his wife views his body before covering it with a sheet. the man awakens as a ghost, still covered in the sheet, and wanders through the hospital invisible to others. a door of light opens before him, but he makes no attempt to approach it, and it closes. he walks home and watches his wife grieve. through the window, he sees another sheet-covered ghost inside the house next door. the two ghosts wave to one another. one night, the wife arrives home with a man whom she kisses. the ghost hurls books from the shelf and turns lights on and off. the wife later listens to a song written by her husband. she eventually decides to move out. before she leaves, she writes a short note and hides it in a gap in a wall. the ghost picks at the gap, but cannot retrieve the note. a family moves into the house. the ghost watches them eat dinner, play the piano and celebrate christmas. he becomes more and more agitated, and the children sense and become upset by his presence. one night, the ghost gets upset after seeing a framed photo of the happy family on the piano, and knocks it down, then starts hurling plates and glasses from the kitchen cabinet in anger. the family moves away. the second ghost continues to wait next door. at a party thrown by the next occupants, a hipster explains the premise of the film, positing that remnants of the past, such as beethoven's symphonies, will linger in the collective human memory long past the collapse of civilization. the man then describes the big crunch theory, which concludes that the entire universe will eventually collapse back into a singularity. the partygoers notice the lights flickering. the house is eventually abandoned and becomes derelict. the ghost finally manages to slide the note out of the wall, but just as he does, bulldozers level the house, along with the house next door. as they look at each other atop the rubble of their former homes, the second ghost realizes and remarks, they're not coming back, and suddenly vanishes from under its sheet, which crumples to the ground. the man's ghost watches as a skyscraper is built where his house stood. he walks through the building under construction, which is eventually completed as an office building. he then goes out onto the roof, seeing a futuristic cityscape, the ghost jumps from the ledge and falls. the ghost is then standing in an empty field where a family of settlers is staking out a claim on which to build a house. he watches the family's young daughter, who is humming the song he wrote. she writes a note and hides it under a rock. this settler family is then shown dead after an attack. and the ghost watches as the daughter's corpse decays and the field grows over it. finally, the ghost is inside the house again, watching as his living self and his wife see it for the first time. he asks the realtor about the piano, which she says has always been here. as he watches the couple, he sees tension in the marriage, and the husband is resisting the idea of moving out. the night before his death, he tells his wife that he is ready to move. the ghost sits at the piano and strikes the keys, causing the noise that startled them at the beginning. later, as the wife moves out, the ghost sees his earlier self now a ghost also, but unaware of the other's presence. watching her leave, he goes to retrieve the note from the wall, as before, and this time manages to reach it. upon opening and reading the note, the ghost's sheet crumples and he vanishes. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. 