welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead, season 11, new trailer breakdown. that's right. season 11, the final season of the walking dead, premieres in just a few short weeks, august 22nd. and the first episode drops a week early, august 15th, on amc plus. so make sure you sign up for that. i got a link in the description right there. what is it? bad memories of what? so here we have negan and father gabriel trapped into small space by a bunch of walkers. this situation is very similar to the beginning of season 8, when these two were also trapped together. is that the bad memory negan's thinking about? maybe alexandra is our home. what we have. it's rare. where are our characters here? this seems like a massive underground place. i'm kind of getting like subway tunnel vibes. if we live, we live for them. we gotta get through this together. father gabriel's voice over here sounds like he's giving the pep talk before going on some sort of suicide mission. if i had to guess, that's what the sneaking through the subway tunnels is all about. if we die, we die for them. but in these clips, they're fighting a bunch of walkers in the ruins of hilltop. remember, it was destroyed by the whisperers in season 10. looks like our group goes there to try to take it back. and of course, the big moment here somebody getting bit. i've seen theories analyzing this arm. people say, oh, that's daryl's arm. look at the shirt he's wearing. but basically, everyone is wearing dirty, faded gray clothing, and to my eye, daryl's knife is bigger than this. i've seen some theories that the arm is errands. and look at this knife lydia's handing him. i mean, that might match. he could have his jacket roll down here to hide the bite, though it would be hilarious if he loses his other arm. so if i had to guess, this is just a random extra, the zombies carroll's fighting seem to be all dressed in military fatigues. and that sure looks like the tail of a helicopter, so seems like they're in an old military base. the other big moment here is negan pulling maggie back. remember, maggie hates negan, obviously, for killing glenn and she missed his whole redemption arc. but looks like eventually they work together. this season. get into a bad situation where maggie wants to save someone, but negan's like, hey, you can't. do you want to talk about it? we need to start thinking about other options. then we're off to magna connie and kelly. remember connie got trapped in the mines in the middle of season 10? at the very end of the season, we saw she finally made it out, but the rest of the group hasn't met up with her yet. and we know kelly is on a mission to find her sister. it looks like she found her notebook where it said she was trapped, and connie's still kicking, so hopefully they reunite. oh, he's andrew. now we get our first look at eugene and the booty call crew who were captured by the stormtroopers last season. yeah, we know that's the commonwealth. now i'm interested to see how long will they be prisoners. is the commonwealth a good group, or are they just pretending to be good? or are they not even gonna pretend? we get some answers actually, at the end of the trailer. this shot here of aaron, carol and lydia. they make it seem like they're at the commonwealth, but actually, i'm not sure if they're in the same place. to me, this sort of looks like it could be the entrance to subway tunnels. so i think these guys are going on that mission, and the commonwealth is sort of a fake out everything. we have some more zombie fighting shots here. looks like more military guys and more of the hilltop. one thing to note, though, maggie's new friend, the cool masked ninja guy, remember from the bonus episodes of season 10. we know his identity. he's elijah. so you're leaving to fight ghosts. this is a path you don't want to go down. i've done worse. these people, they want stuff. oh man. here is our first look at the reapers. they're all in black hoodies with scary masks, you know, just like the grim reaper. in fact, let's go back to maggie's new friend, elijah, who's wearing kind of the same outfit. is that why he wears a mask? was he a reaper that turned to the good side? he is wearing a white hoodie instead of a black one. aaron says, you're leaving to fight ghosts by ghosts, i assume he means the reapers. and going back earlier in the trailer, when daryl says, i don't leave anyone behind, not ever. it sort of makes me think, if you put those two together, someone is captured by the reapers, and that's why our group's going on a stealth mission to save them. in fact, is it connie? is that where she is at the reaper base? we'll find out. one character though, you know, daryl's gotta save is dog. oh, a reaper's got him. daryl's about to go all john wick on this guy. some more sweet zombie fighting shots. but now, who is this captured that looks like he's being held by the reapers. so, yes, sticking with my someone is captured by them theory. that is what's out there. don't be scared, i'm not the shot here, they put the audio of the dog whimper. no, if dog gets hurt, we riot this fire in a wooden shed. i think that might be connie's feet. remember she was up against a wooden wall here, though. seems like connie's next to a metal prison door. maybe she was in the wood shack. now she's in the metal cell. this knife, though, with the jagged edges, we know that's daryl's. so he's coming here to rescue her. a bunch of quick shots. first, we got the orange commonwealth captain. and we can see here, it looks like a nice, sunny place where they've got a banner up. so i imagine it's kind of a well-organized community, a lot like woodbury with the governor from back in the day. i bet it's like putting on a friendly face. but then, you know, secretly devious. then, daryl standing outside of a burning building with a bunch of people looking at him. i bet you that's the wooden shed connie was in where we saw the fire. he just rescued her, but now the reapers have him. god isn't here anymore. this is a death march, and you are the damn pied piper, the paranoid, but i'm right. okay. first, crawling zombies. terrifying. never want to see those again. this voice over here about the death march, i can't tell who that is. let me know in the comments if you guys do. but whoever it is, sounds like he's complaining about the suicide mission that the group's going on. this location with someone strung up by their feet must be their reaper base. that's a mask right there. and where is this place? we got the smoke stack. it's some sort of abandoned factory, maybe, then maggie in a subway train. yeah, they're definitely going down to the old subway tunnels. i lost something, and i don't think it's a bad thing that it did. this section focuses on maggie. where is she? an abandoned mall of some kind. is this a flashback to where she was before she joined the group? or do they go there? now, i did what needed to be done. you destroyed everything that we built. then it's negan's voice over trying to defend his actions of going undercover with the whispers to kill alpha. but the showing the devastation at hilltop that he helped cause. that was maggie's home before she left. we know she's gonna be mad at him for that too. here we've got little judith training the other kids how to use swords. we're fighting walkers at alexandria too. remember the whispers got in there at the end of season 10, and generally wreck the place. the only way this works is if we trust each other. so what do you say? [Music], if you say, trust him. i'll trust him. yeah, they're building up the maggie negan confrontation here. negan's like, hey, we gotta trust each other. but is she going to? now we have daryl talking about trusting someone. is he also talking about negan? i mean, probably, but i have a theory. he's not talking to maggie here. i think he's talking to lydia. yes. lydia and negan doing a sweet team-up walker kill here. she was also an outsider of the group, and so these two bonded, remember, yeah, he's her uncle, negan. lydia and daryl are also good friends. so it could be her word that finally convinces him. vegan's trustworthy. the woman who left is not the one standing here now. so keep pushing me, please. oh yeah. maggie laying the law down, though she is probably never going to fully forgive negan, though they might have to work together. sounds like in the year she's been away, she's had to become an even tougher survivor, wearing the whisperer mask. here. i don't know why. hello, i'm lance hornsby. welcome to the commonwealth. and then here it is, the after credit scene. i admit i totally skipped it the first time. we got a nice 90s style vhs welcome video that does make the commonwealth seem like a nice, happy place. but of course, the tense moment at the end where our group's a prisoner implies that, yeah, there's the shady underbelly. one thing of note, though, they've got a train station here, so is that where our group's going? maybe they are going through the tunnels to the commonwealth. might be two separate missions they go on in the first part of the season here, one against the reapers, one to the commonwealth. plus we've got the taking back of hilltop. these are going to be some action-packed first eight episodes. season 11 starts august 22nd, and a week early, august 15th, on amc plus link in the description. sign up for that now. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 