[Music]. welcome to the breakdown. we break down does today. we're watching, for lead a a film about a talking cat solving a bunch of cat murders. this film ain't that disturbing, but not everyone loves the whole cab murder thing. but you want to learn something new, don't know, just stand there, stay tuned for the breakdown. the movie starts out with a cat scratch title screening. do we see a vehicle that's going on the trip. a cat introduces himself as Francis. and Francis and his owner stop at their new home. in the house, Francis gets a whiff of something revolting and walks around until you discovers another pussycat. then he sees a dead on the ground. the big cat says, this is the fourth victim. and he blames the can openers for the murder, which is cat slang for humans. but Francis disagrees. it believes something other than the human tool has caused his murder. Nick Francis goes to sleep, but then in a flash, Francis goes into a nightmare where a faceless man gives him a collar with a chain, and it's pulling Fran to hell. then Francis went back up and talks to the big head about the cat murders the big cat named Bluebeard. then takes sure, like Francis, to another victims body, before meeting up with some cat Crips. then the leader of the gang Kong comes up and tries boxing and jumping Francis, since he's in the wrong set. the blue bear scares them off the to come up on some blood. and after send the body for two seconds, first introduces at the dead count. was a murder outside, and was also in the middle of some pound before he was killed by an evil cat. later on, friends had discovered some cats electrocuting another cat. and someone's preaching. it seems to be a cat cold. and we see cats living fully, getting electrocuted. Francis, possibly beard among the crowd. but then he gets discovered by the aristocrats after escaping France, and land in some laboratory robe. and goes Nathan drinking on the rooftops to get away. spider cat. spider cat does whatever spider cat can know, Francis got the moves like Big Sean, and keeps parkour in from those sneaky Francis lands in a room in Mesa with a blind kitty. she says this, that means blind, sweetheart. Francis pitched the game owner, and Felicity gives him info about hearing their murders firsthand. their blueberries back over Francis and a list of new friend behind. after eating, Francis, a little bitter, said, getting spied on, end up in the house with that spying cat was Fraser's. and that smart cat talked about the murder victims, but the smart one says, Felicity is a new victim. and disbelief, Francis runs back to Felicity's room and discovers her dead body, completely beheaded. Francis leaves a Mesa with Bluebeard. and listen, know that whoever killed her did it because she knew too much. then, friends, that's another nightmare. and yeah, uh-huh. yep. then Frances waist back up and goes right hunting and Loretta. then he accidentally turns on a cat experiment video. they are putting acid in cat brains. then one cat doesn't get affected by it, and he is called claudandus, which is the name that feel risk. the cats were preaching the scientists in the video, ones claw damndest to father and master race. but his Francis is watching, calling confronts Francis with his two homies. Francis gets running. it almost gets killed before jumping out a window and running for a while before discovering another dead cat with dead kitties ripped out of her stomach. the dead cat was calling mein, squeezed in a random ol cat escapes from the area. Francis finds the cat and tries following him down a tunnel, a Bluebeard close behind him. they discover a mass grave of cats. and then the old cat just saw a Lester's presence be known. josiah talked about how the dead got there. then blue veiner francis talking about the leader of the cult, a joker, and how these dead cats possibly came from those scientists in the video. then Francis starts smashing some sexy little kitty. she's kind of cryptic, but Francis does around to next Francis Mesa with the smart cat, and they tried to do some more info about the killer. they believe that the cult leaders to kill her. then the smart cat thinks the cat that Francis smash could be related to Claude ANZUS. the three call a meeting of where we find out the killer has, where we find out the killer has killed hundreds of cats based on computer data. Francis finds out that claudandus is still alive by a blue girl cat. the next Francis discovers that Joker, the cult leader, has died, willing Philippe I sacrifice. Francis deduces that the cat his mass earlier, is a part of a super-racer cast that have been devolved into a state of original like turning a human back to an ape. Francis gets a lead on the smart cat, and they break into the cat's house. then we see blue big is attacked off screen. it turns out the smart cat was claudandus all along, and he explains his whole story to Francis. he tells Francis he wants him to be the leader of the new race after he dies. Francis has no thanks, and then charge deleting his files, but then again to a showdown. as the building burns down behind them. they both get an equal share elixir. the house is burning, but then Francis cuts and disembowel scald enters and leaves him to die. French the Dragons Bluebeard out, but it looks like he dies from his wounds. lastly, the movie ants with friends to give him some speech about how life moves on. seems like a big point, and a lot of the movies in the previous breakdowns. then he goes to chase him or down. well, yeah, the cat murder was down. well, yeah, the cat murder was kind of graphic, but I think cartoon negra could have got away with that one. anyway, let's talk about the monsters. third moment and the most enjoyable. man, huh? I feel like I've seen more messed up stuff on Courage the Cowardly Dog. but hey, this is considered the disturbing animation, so I thought I would do it the mostest. third moment. goes to in France to discover Felicity's body. yeah, it was overkill, and she was two lines for all that to happen. the most enjoyment, I guess those two when Francis was smashed in a pussycat. I don't know. I thought it was pretty funny. and that's it. the movie was released in 1994, same years Natural Born Killers. and it was directed by Michael Shaq, and originally written by some German guy that I won't even try pronouncing. anyway, I'm spooky rice, and this has been a breakdown. thanks for watching this video. hopefully. Dave, hope you guys aren't enjoying these videos. and please subscribe and like the video, helps me get even better with what I do. anyway, this means that we break down king of pigs. but in the meantime, check out the other breakdowns. anyways, spooky out 