I don't want everyone's book to hit the j-day nick. No sly giant tree-the giant has a few seats. I don't have time to equip you guys. There is a report that a giant has come tee Is it more than 7 meters? A giant covered with a response like a huge one tan yeah yeah tan good I said I was waiting and jumping around that wall  I wondered if it was made with the power of the giant's effect. Hanazuka Shut up or be clear , so I can tell you the name of the person who was ordered to monitor by day. That's the smallest child. He's always with Ymir with long hair near him. When you come and notice, it's a fishing system. He's a giant aname par once. It's a classic mobile device. [Music] tan me Remember, the snow mountain training sometimes promised. Did the story fall when the Yomiuri Giants became a tracer of the greatness and killed them all? When I revealed the secret, you provided the original name 7 for yourself  I wanted to live, it was Ymir yeah can Scoon Mizuzo [Music] rar tan Christine Everyone said it was down I'll leave it to us My name history A I searched all night, but at least Chlor from Trost Ward  There is nothing wrong with the wall during the bombing We broke the wall five years ago and started attacking humanity, it was a giant in armor, and this guy made his mouth bigger and our purpose disappeared for all of this humanity Ele You'll come with us It seems we don't have to break the walls anymore If you're a giant in armor who killed beasts- Drink and give me such a consultation  I wonder why I have to say it here [Music] ni I wonder if it's tan jan ah ah ah it shouldn't be pai  pan What was the technique car nonoka dare ya- re [music] There were several 104-kilometer recruits without equipment. I invited three of them to the star as a giant. Then you've neglected your arms, and now you can become giants It 's not such a convenient thing to come to our popularity The beast giant is the cause of the commotion this time I made a giant in the wall When I returned to humans I remember who sent it I haven't had 5 years with an electric chew I wonder if it was your companion I don't even remember I don't live  If you give me, Crysta has it, and it's in demand. Fester I don't really need it for us . Prove it. You're living with your children from today.  Sama is the one who truly succeeds the great successor We just don't do it if we are the one who succeeds the great successor tan This is the origin of someone's obedience goo Hamster There is freedom  I met you when I wasn't there now I knew right away You're the same as me  Hercy revealed that I could have expected [Music] me Job I'm okay with the giant on the road I shook my head because of me They're absolute power I've helped give you to them I've been on your side no matter what they do to help me next to me Ah ah ah me Parents  I'll bring you back me y I'll return immediately Procedure car car I'll leave my brother Ueda City san ni I'll give you four people  I wonder if I 'll put a button on it Ah me It does n't mean that it's a giant, oh hey , thank you for being with me [Music] Buttero, who's stuck under the coordinates and the worst one Berthold Pop m  e Ymir doesn't know the sea of action taken The giant in armor doesn't bring any more [music ] and don't do it as a souvenir outside Pig On the other hand, the inhabitants of Rose c 7th place 9 basement  It wasn't Ehren who forced the giants to evacuate to the city. It was n't Ehren who was invited by the tea master who appeared this time. ] 