summer camp at rim of the world has barely begun when four misfit teenagers, alex, jinjin, daryush and gabriel, find they've got bigger problems to face than learning how to canoe and climb ropes, when aliens suddenly invade the planet. alone in a campground, once teaming with people, the kids are unexpectedly entrusted with a key that carries the secret to stopping the invasion. without any adults or electronics to help guide the way, it's clear what they must do, band together, conquer their fears and save the world. alex, a socially reclusive boy who recently lost his father in a fire, reluctantly attends the summer camp in southern california called rim of the world. he meets two other misfits, zhinjin, an orphan from china, and daryush, an outspoken boy from a rich family. that afternoon, zhen jin wanders off into the woods, looking for the lookout point she had seen on a camp poster. while alex attempts to follow, he comes across daryush, who happens to be nearby answering the call of nature. darus mistakenly tries to cure alex's fear of heights by making him stand near a cliff edge. and gabriel, a boy they hadn't seen at camp before, intervenes and helps stop daryush from trying to cure alex's fear of heights. xinjin, hearing the commotion, comes back down and meets up with the boys. at that moment, they all receive alarming text advising they immediately evacuate the area. while hurrying back, they find out that other campers have left the lake, and they witness alien ships invading the valley. the kids head back to camp, and afterward discover the camp to be empty of people, all except for conrad, a camp counselor. suddenly, a dragon spacecraft fleeing the international space station lands heavily nearby. the dying astronaut inside the spacecraft gives alex a key with instructions that it get to nasa's jet propulsion lab, or jpl facility in pasadena, and that it was the only way to destroy the aliens. an alien appears with its dog and kills the astronaut. alex and his friends try to hide out, and later it kills conrad, but alex and his friends manage to elude the aliens and escape the camp. they make their way to the sheriff's office and discover an inmate, lou, who has been left behind in the sails. alex decides to release him before the group continues on their way to the jpl. later, the group encounters marines who are evacuating civilians. the commander gratefully takes the key and puts the children on a bus to safety. however, alien ships attack the vehicle convoy, and the soldiers are killed, whereupon alex retrieves the key and the group sets out for the jpl once more during the night, after briefly taking refuge in gabriel's old house. gabriel explains that he is an escapee from juvie, where he was placed due to a misunderstanding at his mother's store. some time after, they are attacked by a gang of masked individuals led by lou. he agrees to let the kids go, but only if alex gives him the key, which lou thinks he can sell on the black market. alex refuses, and lou attempts to kill alex with a knife. but right before lou attacks him, the alien from the camp appears and attacks them all. lou is killed, but the kids managed to escape after trapping the alien in a backyard swimming pool. while they are walking in the forest, daryush and gabriel fight, and daryus reveals that his father lost their car dealership, meaning he will go to jail, hence the reason why darush was placed at the camp. the kids walk into the mall and change clothes, and after that, the group takes a car in the parking lot, which they discover zhinjin is able to drive to quickly journey the rest of the way to the jpl. but they are again attacked by the pursuing aliens. they abandoned the vehicle while trying to escape the alien, and realize that they left the key in the car. daryush attempts to go alone to get the key, only to be injured by the alien in the process, but manages to get away with the key. the group finally makes it to the jpl facility, but find that the doctor they were trying to reach is dead. the kids are able to make radio contact with a general at norad, who explains that the key holds information that can be used to destroy the alien mothership in orbit via a cold war defense project named excalibur. shenzhen goes into the basement to restart the power generators, where she is attacked by an alien dog, while alex goes to the roof to realign the communication dish, where he is attacked by the alien shinjin manages to lock the dog in the basement, and now returns to the command room to help gabriel and the injured daryush insert the keys that will launch the excalibur weapon. xinjin, daryush and gabriel evacuate the jpl building, while alex lures the alien into an engine test room and kills it with the engine's exhaust. the teens watch from the ground as the alien mother ship is blown up in the atmosphere. alex is reunited with his mother, and the children are celebrated as heroes. 