the Terminator franchise has been through so many reboots, alternate timelines and retcons, and at this point, I'm not even sure the machines know what side they're on anymore. but even though the only sequel we universally care about is 1991's Terminator 2, Judgment Day, and this new one might ignore the whole franchise completely, we're gonna walk you through all five Terminator films leading all the way up to dark fate anyway, because it's cram it, and that's what cram it do. look, it's either Skynet or we start arguing about rise of Skywalker early. and I choose Skynet. James Cameron's original 1984 film The Terminator, opens in the ruins of Los Angeles in the unimaginably distant future of 2029. civilization has been destroyed, and the few human survivors left are locked in a war against an artificially intelligent computerized defense system known as Skynet, which seeks to wipe them out permanently. somehow, mankind is winning, thanks to the leadership skills of a guy named John Connor. so the machine send one of their own, a cyborg that can pass for human known as a terminator back in time to 1984, to kill John Connors mother Sarah Connor, before she can even get pregnant. this is an early Terminator model known as a t800. we'll meet more advanced in ridiculous versions in later films, because sequels see, he's naked because the time machine and the terminator universe can only send things back that are covered in flesh, and also because Arnold worked hard for that but and he deserved to show it off. the future humans figure out the machines evil plans and send someone back to protect Sarah Connor. he is a protege of John Connors named Kyle Reese. both the t800 and Reese gathered needed essentials, and the Terminator kills the first two Sarah Connors it finds in the phone book. but they don't really matter in the story. it's a real justice for beb's situation. the important Sarah Connor is a mild-mannered waitress. she hears about the other Sarah Connor killings on TV, and you're a bad friend, honey. both Reese and the Terminator locate her at the same moment at a nightclub that the movie really wants us to know is on Pico Boulevard. I know it's on Pico. and the chase is on for the rest of the movie. come with me if you want to live. yeah, he said the thing. the Terminator chases them across LA, and everyone gets into a very epic crash. the robot, not a robot, cyborg. okay, fine. the cybernetic organism gets away to performs himself, repairs and upgrades his style. meanwhile, recent Sarah get arrested at the police station. psychologist dr. Silber Minister Sarah that Reese is just your everyday delusional madman. but before he can issue an official diagnosis, the Terminator finds them, says his catchphrase, I'll be back, and drives a car through the lobby. a whole bunch of people get terminated. but recent Sarah get away, check into a motel, talk about Sarah's future kid and do some tastefully shot lovemaking. post-coitus. the Terminator finds them and the chase for zooms. the Terminator gets blown up, burned, blown up some more. but this thing will just not stay down. okay, Kyle, did you think the pipe was gonna work? yeah. ultimately, Rhys is killed, but Sarah manages to crush the Terminator in an abandoned Factory, still operational hydraulic press. that's a lucky find. notice that the terminators arm was extended out of the press and did not get destroyed. that's gonna be important later. after a few months, we rejoin Sarah, who's living off the grid in Mexico. she's pregnant now with little baby John Connor, whose father, it turns out, was Kyle Reese the whole time, even though Hulk says time travel does not work that way. take it up with Big Jim Cameron. Hulk Terminator 2 was released in 1991, but jumps a few more years ahead to 1995, giving John Connor enough time to grow into a very rude kid with a passion for petty crime. what a crappy 11-year old. anyway, his mom, Sarah, told way too many people about her visions of the Robo apocalypse, sorry, the cybernetic organism apocalypse, and got herself committed to a mental asylum. unfortunately, the machines have sent back another terminator, an advanced liquid metal version known as the t1000, this time programmed to kill young John. but future John Connor saw all of us coming somehow and sent his own reprogrammed t800 back in time to serve as a protect young John, armed with his new t800 pal, decides to break his mom out of the psych ward. I'm gonna go get my mom, and I order you to help me, a task she has already been working on herself. as Sara takes dr. Silberman hostage. remember him from the first movie, that guy? John and the t800 arrive and rescue her. come with me if you want to live. and not a moment too soon. once free, everyone gets patched up, but a newly freed Sara ditches her son and his new robot pal to go kill miles Dyson, the computer scientist who will go on to create and build Skynet. his company, Cyberdyne systems, recovered the remaining pieces of the previous Terminator and have been using it to replicate the technology. Dyson finds out his invention is going to take this dark turn, and is pretty receptive to the idea that they should just shut the whole thing down. so together, they all break into Cyberdyne HQ and destroy Dyson's research. there's a huge showdown with the police and which Dyson is killed, but the t800, Sara and John get away. they leading the t1000 on a chase to a random steel Factory. in the 90s. they were on every corner like Starbucks. an extended fight ensues. hasta la vista, baby. the t1000 is coated in liquid nitrogen and exploded, but then it like blurps itself back together. but finally, after a lot more shooting, the t1000 falls into a vat of molten steel and disintegrates. John and Sara say a tearful goodbye to friendly t800 before lowering him into the steel to ensure that cyber Tynes technology is destroyed before it can kill all of humanity. and that's the end, forever. there's no more of these. more accurately, that's the end, until Terminator 3, rise of the machines, which jumps ahead 9 years to 2004. Sarah Connor has died a hero's death. off screen, her son, John has been taking odd jobs and living off the grid. he still convinced Judgment Day could happen, as evidenced by this gratuitous future war dream sequence. and wouldn't you know, John's right on the money. the machine somehow still exists. and have sent yet another terminator back in time to kill him. this time it's a lady Terminator, or terminate Rick's called the TX. she's got a lot of fancy new abilities that totally don't feel like a group of mid-level male executives stood around a whiteboard and came up with potential new terminator abilities. and, huh? fortunately, humanity sent back protector, just like last time, to look after John. this one's a Model T 850, which means it comes with its own plot device in the form of hydrogen fuel cells, and it looks exactly 12 years older. what an upgrade. plus, this model comes stocked with a timely new catchphrase, talk to the hand. okay. humanity's Savior wipes out on his motorcycle and breaks into an animal hospital to patch himself up and steal some drugs. and that's where he meets veterinary assistant Kate Brewster, who takes away his paintball gun and shoots him with it before locking him in a cage. hey, it's a meet-cute and a meat shoot. that's fun. anyway, then the terminators arrived. it turns out the TX isn't just after John, but she's also after Kate. in fact, she's got a whole Arya Stark list. the ex was sent back to the time to eliminate you lieutenants. and not only is Kate one of John's chief lieutenants in the future, but he's your wife. romance. and a big change up from the last film, at least according to the t 850, there's actually nothing anyone can do to alter the future. Judgment Day is inevitable. Wow. way to render Terminator 2 pointless, you guys. good thing no one likes that movie. anyway, they go to visit Sara's grave, but it turns out she was cremated and used the coffin to stash a bunch of weapons. Oh, Sara, she did love weapons. dr. Silberman does his cameo, a pre homeland Claire Danes preps her ugly crying chops. and our heroes decide not to just flee for safety, but to go after Kate's father, who also happens to be the top US. general overseeing Skynet. he's the key. he always was. your father is the one who can shut Skynet down. that's right. all this time, Kate's dad is the guy who's been carrying on Dyson's research. see, Skynet has tricked humanity by making it look like there was a super virus taking over their defense systems. so the Pentagon has proposed that we use our AI to scan the entire infrastructure, Search and Destroy for any hint of the virus. nice to know humanity's gonna eat it. because an old guy was tricked into opening a malware email. way to go. general. before Kate, John and the T 850 can get to him, general Brewster gives Skynet the go ahead, and the end of the world begins. our heroes arrived just in time to see him shot by the TX. while the t 850 and the TX have a meeting in the ladies room. a dying general Brewster tells John and Kate to go to a facility deep in the mountains called Crystal peak, which sounds like the guillermo del toro film, but that's crimson peak. they're totally different Peaks. the TX bashes the crap out of the t 850 and even hacks into him, turning him against his friends. but he manages to shut himself down before hurting John and failing in his mission. kate leads the escape via knowing how to fly. which, you know what? okay, her dad's military. I'll accept it. they make it to Crystal peak with both terminators close behind. I'm back. the terminators fight some more, and ultimately both get blowed up real good by the t8 fifties, final fried hydrogen fuel-cell. John and Kate thought they were being sent to the Skynet core that would allow them to stop Judgment Day from happening, but it turns out it was software in cyberspace. there was no system core. yeah, you guys know how it is with software and in cyberspace. but yeah, man, like the Terminator already said Judgment Day was inevitable. he's a cybernetic organism. he literally can't lie. everyone should really listen to him more. talk to the hand. anyway, Judgment Day happens. but crystal peak was designed as a bunker for VIPs, so it's the perfect setting for John to rise to the occasion and take control of the human resistance to the machines, finally fulfilling his destiny the end. except not. 2009's Terminator Salvation is the first and only Terminator film that actually takes place after Judgment Day, during the ensuing war between humanity and the machines as such. it introduces a ton of new Terminator designs, like the massive powa 'king Harvester, very sleek moto terminators and of course, hide robots, none of which you'll ever see again, because this version of the future has been retconned out of existence. so let's jump back to 2003, before the fall of civilization and the execution of death row inmate Marcus Wright. Marcus is visited in his cell by a researcher named dr. Helena Bonham Carter, who offers him a chance to participate in a mysterious scientific program that will grant him some vague of life after death. and for some inexplicable reason, he agrees. then Terminator 3 goes down. Judgment Day happens, and humanity's war against the machines begins in earnest. that's Christian Bale as adult John Connor. he's got his own team, but he's not the actual leader of the resistance. that would be general Ashton. in the year 2018, John's team raids a Skynet outpost, and in the process, frees Marcus Wright, who is inexplicably still alive. when John gets back to the resistance base. he's told that Skynet plans to assassinate a long list of resistance leaders, along with a familiar name, Kyle Reese. this is still the same timeline as terminator in Terminator 2. so this John knows that Kyle Reese is his father, and that he has to save his dad or he'll, you know, never exist, which would be a bummer. Marcus meets up with Kyle Reese in the wasteland, and just in the nick of time, because he's about to get murked by a terminator with a chain gun. Marcus, who only remembers being a death row inmate, is generally confused about waking up in the future. but Kyle, who's also caring for an orphaned girl named Starr, convinces him to help track the resistance and find John Connor, a voice he's only ever heard over the radio. this is John Connor. unfortunately, soon after this, Kyle and star are captured by a massive harvester robot and taken to Skynet central, the machines base of operations. in the aftermath of the attack, Marcus meets up with the resistance soldier named Blair, who takes him back to her base and her commander, John Connor. that's where they make a shocking discovery. Marcus is actually a machine. thank you you. a new kind of Terminator who has a human heart and brain and believes his a regular person. John wants to destroy him on sight, even after Marcus tells him about his adventures with Kyle Reese. but Blair, recognizing Marcus's humanity, sets him free. Marcus infiltrates Skynet HQ in order to find Kyle Reese. John, understanding the crucial importance of this mission to his own survival, goes as well. I'll be back, he said, the thing to once. it's kinda at HQ. John meets up with a prototype for the t800. it's basically a nude computer-generated Arnold Schwarzenegger. they have a fun reunion. Marcus overcomes a Skynet programming and helps John survive the t800 s attacks, although John comes by his trademark facial scar in the process. do you want to know how I got these scars? it's a very convoluted story. John saves Marcus as well, but gets impaled through the chest by a terminator in the process. still, the resistance manages to escape and destroy Skynet HQ from the air. this doesn't end the war, but it's a pretty big setback for the machines. John's badly injured, but Marcus volunteers to donate his heart to keep his new friend alive. oh, and so the human resistance lives to fight another day. v end. oh, also, Bryce Dallas Howard was in this. she was Claire Danes, his character, but a little bit older. she didn't have much to do. sorry, Bryce Dallas Howard, that's all of it. terminator genisys completely reimagines the entire series, and it takes place in its own separate timeline. think of it as basically like a terminator what if story. none of it links up to dark fate, but it's a very weird movie. so let's talk about it. in this reality. Judgment Day went down in 1997, leaving a young Kyle Reese to fend for himself in the ruins of San Francisco, which is where he meets brave and already prominently scarred resistance leader John Connor. years later, with the war against the machines at an end, it's time for John to send an adult Kyle back in time to 1984. to protect his mother, Sarah, and also, and they should be able to mate with the Calvary's in his timeline. yeah, exactly. mate. that wasn't weird? but just as Kyle enters the time chamber, or whatever it's called, a resistance soldier reveals himself to be a machine and also possibly the 11th doctor. he attacks John Connor with already time jumping Rhys, helpless to intervene during the time jump race, begins to recall a whole series of memories from an alternate childhood he never experienced, one word, judgment day never happened. the message includes a specific directive from his child self. that directive, I like candy kidding. it's this, remember, Genisys is Skynet. when Genisys comes online, judgment day begins. you can kill Skynet before it's born. what a weird thing for a kid to say. at first it seems like we're just gonna recreate the action from the first movie, with both Kyle and a t800 arriving in 1984 LA, looking for Sarah Connor. but things take a sharp left immediately the newly-arrived t800 is taken out by another terminator who looks a bit older. I've been waiting for you. also, Sarah Connor is there, and she already knows all about the machines from the future. also, she is khaleesi kyle, meanwhile, is greeted by a liquid metal t1000, who isn't even supposed to be in play until ILM effects make impossible in the early 1990s. so this is crazy. eventually, Sarah and her friend, the Terminator, whom she calls pops, tracked down Reese and pick him up in their armored van. you see, in this timeline, Sarah and her family were attacked by a t-1000 in 1973, and this t800 had been sent back to protect her. he's been looking after her ever since. that's why he looks older. it's definitely not because the guy playing him took time off to be governor. but who sent these robots back in time to the 70s? whoever sent him, they don't want us to know. not me, not him, not anyone. so Skynet can't target the person who saved me. okay, but how does this terminator from the 70s know all the alternate timeline catchphrases? I'll be back anyway, Sarah and pops knew that Kyle, in this t1000, would be arriving, so they laid a trap for it, and it works. the liquid metal guy goes out in a rain of acid. the next phase of their plan involves jumping forward to 1997 and preventing Judgment Day using their very own time displacement device. but Kyle, based on his weird time jump dreams, has a different suggestion. so Kyle and Sarah used the time machine to jump forward to San Francisco in 2017, while pops waits behind and ages gracefully. upon arriving in the future, they're immediately arrested like the insane sounding nude freaks that they are. those nude freaks, they're crazy. arrest them and they're taken to a hospital. that's where they find out what the genesis from Kyle's dream refers to. the whole thing's being developed by miles Dyson and his son, Danny on behalf of Cyberdyne systems. unexpectedly, an adult John Connor somehow shows up to rescue Sarah and Kyle. but even more surprising, John reveals that he's not human anymore, but a new kind of Terminator, a human machine hybrid, called the t 3000 s. what happened when you're attacked? isn't this kind of didn't attack me, Kyle. it changed me. I'm not machine, not man. I'm more that would have been a crazy surprise. but they put it in the trailer. so he pops helps Kyle and Sarah get away. and as they do, they discovered that the John bot has trouble with magnets. magnets, how do they work? the team's new plan is to set explosive charges around Cyberdyne HQ, destroying the entire operation before genesis can launch in just a few days. robot John's present certainly doesn't make things simpler. but with the help of some trusty magnet gloves and magnetic ammos stolen from the police HQ magnet division, they make it to the facility and meet the Genesis program, which is quickly evolving into Skynet and becoming self-aware. hate it when that happens, the charges are placed, Skynet does its best fantasy impression, and pops finally manages to take out the t 3000 by pulling it into a time vortex. the explosives go off, destroying Cyberdyne HQ. but pop survives. after being thrown into the same t1000 liquid metal polyalloy. this also fixes him, makes him look younger, and does wonders for his pores. also, Sarah and Kyle are totally gonna make will their offspring turn into a hideous, half-machine abomination, which should not exist? who knows? such as the thrill of new romance. a post-credit scene shows us at the Matt Smith hologram version of Skynet, hidden deep underground, along with the Genesis core survived the explosion. I don't know what's scarier, that for the fact that they thought there were gonna be more of these movies. also, JK Simmons was in this as a cop who first saw Kyle, Sarah and a terminator in the 80s. and so guesses that their time travelers in 2017. but then he didn't have much to do. sorry, JK Simmons, and sorry you guys having to bear with me talking about terminator genisys. but that's it. this is everything you need to know to enjoy dark fate, plus three extra movies, because this one's gonna pick up after Terminator 2 and retcon the others out of existence. also, the TV series Sarah Connor Chronicles was so much better than these last few movies. and it also cast a game of Thrones star Sarah Connor. so you know what, while you're waiting for dark fate, make sure to check it out. guys. that's the Terminator. cram it. until next time, I'll be back. hey, I said the thing. [Music]. 