welcome to the man of recaps. this is Game of Thrones, season seven. the season begins with old man Walder Frey. but of course, he's already dead because arias slit his throat last season, so maybe it's a flashback. as he's having a feast with all of the Frey family. they're toasting to the red wedding, but he doesn't drink the wine because it's poisoned. he's poisoned all of the phrase. while they're dropping like flies the entire house, and it's not Walder Frey at all. it's Arya. she's wearing his face. oh, she slaughtered the entire Frey House. got revenge for the red wedding at Arya out. now it's the newly elected king in the north, Jon Snow, his one and only campaign promise was to defend against the White Walkers and to that. and he sends tormund Giantsbane, the wildling leader, to go help man the wall. Sansa questions some of his decisions in front of everyone, and he's like, hey, come on, sis. you're making me look bad in front of my friends down in King's Landing, Cersei Lannister has declared herself queen of all Seven Kingdoms. she's made this nice map to prove it, but Jaime points out that she's really queen of only one, like the Lannisters, because the Tyrells and Dorne both sided with Daenerys. he's like, look, sis, we need some new allies and she's like, I have a plan to meet your on Greyjoy. last season, you're on one the Kings mood by pulling a trump. and he's back this season with an awesome new Rockstar, Jack Sparrow wardrobe. he's like, hey, sur ciel ally with you if you marry me? and she's like, hey, it ain't no thing if there ain't no ring. and he's like, all right, I'll be right back with something. now, it's Daenerys Targaryen, my girl Khaleesi. finally made it to Westeros, or at least a dragon stone. it's an island right off the coast. it's the ancestral seat of House Targaryen, and, incidentally, where she was born. so this is quite a good homecoming for her, by the way. this was Stannis's castle. it's abandoned at the moment. but who should show up except Melisandre. she's like, hey, Danny, I now believe that you're the chosen one from the prophecy. and Jon Snow is - you should meet him. and it's like, Jon Snow? is he cute? and she's like, uh, yeah. so she invites Jon Snow to Dragonstone. but meanwhile, it's Samwell Tarly, he's down at maester College at the Citadel. he's a freshman right now, so he gets all the bad jobs, like spooning soup and scooping poop. he's like, hey, the White Walkers are coming. I really should be doing research on how to defeat them. but Professor Slughorn is like, now that doesn't really sound like the serious issue. so Sam breaks into the restricted section of the library and finds a book that says, a dragon's stone, they have a mountain of dragon glass. and dragon glass, of course, the stuff that kills the White Walkers. and he's like, I gotta tell Jon. so Jon Snow now has two letters telling him to go to Dragonstone. he's like, I know a sign when I see it. I'm going. sansa, you're in charge while I'm gone. so that's nice for Sansa, but it's really nice for Littlefinger. he's been creeping around Winterfell. and even though Sansa doesn't really trust him, she at least listens when he talks. I'm like, Jon Snow, who has no interest in anything he has to say? so Jon Snow goes to Dragonstone, and he meets up with Tyrion Lannister, Tyrians hand of Queen for Daenerys. now, and these two shook hands in season one after Tyrion took a piss off the wall. Jon's like, hey, I hope you washed your hands this time in Tyrians like, no such luck, buddy. Melisandre doesn't say hi. Jon Snow banished her last season because she burned Shireen. Varys comes up though and is like, hey, I don't like you and your religious magic stuff. I want you to go away. she's like, oh, I'm leaving, but I'm coming back because that's prophesized. I'll die in Westeros, and so will you. so she leaves for the season. and that's basically Varys is only seen to. but in any case, jon snow meets Daenerys face-to-face. missandei reads often. there's his long list of titles, the breaker of chains, the unburnt mother of dragons and Jon's hype man Davos is like, this, Jon Snow, he's a right proper lad. she's like, so, Jon Snow, you came here to bend the knee and join my team? he's like, what? no, I came to recruit you and your dragons to help fight against the army of the Dead. she's like, what now? he's like, no, no. White Walkers, real army the dead really could use your help. danny's like, ah, boy, you bend the knee to me or you get nothing. meanwhile, Daenerys is trying to conquer Westeros. all of her advisers recommend using her dragons to burn King's Landing to the ground. but she'd prefer to win with less civilian casualties, so she goes with Tyrians plan to use the Dornish army to simply siege King's Landing. so they go to pick up the Dornish army. mama snake and yard Greyjoy have a quick girl-on-girl makeout scene, but then they're ambushed by your on green you're on crash as his ship and rides down the plank like an absolute madman. he goes into full beast mode, but spear snake wants to fight. a punches her in the face and kills her with her own spear. then whip snake wants to fight, so he punches her in the face and strangles her with her own whip. then Yara wants to fight, so he punches her in the face too and takes her captive. thing. I was thinking of rescuing her, but he freaks out, goes into full-on reek mode and just bails off the ship. so you're on Greyjoy 1. destroyed half of Dany sweet, killed the sand snakes. he has an awesome parade through King's Landing and he's like, hey, Cersei, how about this for an engagement present? sploosh. he's like, so we were gonna marry me now she's like, after the war, I will. I think types of Jaime. he's like, hey, you hear that? pretty soon you won't be the only one banging your sister? what savage. so Cersei goes to play with her new captives. she's like, I've been dream about how I'm gonna murder you, and I've decided to go with kissing your daughter on the lips. what? oh yeah, the kiss of death that she gave sir. she's daughter, my sellout. she's like, yeah, I'm gonna leave you alive to watch your daughter die. then she goes up to see Jamie, because there's no better dessert to murdering your enemies than giving your brother a [ __ ]. by the way, Cersei is not hiding their relationship anymore. when her handmaiden comes in, she sees Jaime and Cersei, she's like, yeah, I'm banging my brother. you got a problem with that? it's like, no, my lady. whatever floats your boat. meanwhile, up at Winterfell, bran stark finally makes it home. a nice stark reunion. since it's like, midbrain, you've been gone for like five seasons. where have you been? he's like, oh, I was studying to be the three-eyed Raven with a tree Gandalf. I trip out on tree sap and then have visions of the past, present and future. uh-huh. okay. his friend Amira is like, hey, I got you home safe. I'm gonna go see my own family now. he's like, kay, bye. she's like, Kay, bye. I've been wiping your butt for like three seasons here. that's all you have to say to me. he's like, yeah, I'm sorry. I've completely forgotten how to be a normal person. my head's all jumbled up with tree stuff. and also, making it to Winterfell. it's Aria. yeah. since killing the phrase, she met Ed Sheeran, then met up with hot pie and told her, John's King the North now. so she's going up there. met her well, dire wolf, and I Miriah, who she had to throw away back in season one. but she's too wild now to come home with her. the cards don't believe she's re up her usual but she does make it in another happy stark reunion. brands like, hey, sis. you SPECT into daggers, right? little finger tried to win me over by giving me his special dagger that the assassin tried to kill me with in season one. anyway, it's used to some nice Oh. Aria gets a magic dagger. Brienne and Podrick are in Winterfell too, and pods becoming a better swordsman. slowly. Aria goes to Brienne, is like, hey, let's train together. we'll be awesome girl warriors. and Aria shows off her sick like battle moves, and senses like, what has happened to my younger siblings? so Daenerys has now lost Dorne and her half of the Greyjoy's. but Tyrion has another plan. he's sending the unsullied to go take Casterly Rock, the sea of Lannister power. great worm is leading the attack, and he and the Sun, they finally act on their little romance arc. she shows us basically the only boobs of the season. maybe we're gonna see some dick too. but now, of course, grey worm in the unsullied are all eunuchs how to make up word. he goes down and it proves that Jon Snow's not the only one who knows the Lords kiss. anyway, they have a little castle siege. but Terry knows the secret way up through the sores. so they open the gates, let everyone in. they fight a bunch of Lannister's, but it was like there were barely anyone there. where's the whole Lannister army? they went the other way. Jamie took them the other way, just like Robb Stark's did to him in season one. they attacked the Thai Elle Castle, Highgarden, and they take it without too much of a fight, because Cersei got all the other lords of the reach to join her side. they're led by randyll Tarly, who is, of course, fat Sam's horrible, horrible father. Sam's brother, by the way, is de cantar li. and besides his funny name, he's a pretty good lad. anyway, Jaime captures grandma Tyrell. it's like, sir, she wanted me to torture you to death, but I'm just gonna give you some nice, painless poison. she's like, Oh, gonna glove that right down, cuz it's a lot better than the poison I gave your son, Joffrey. what? yes, I killed him. haha. now, luckily, the Tyrells had a buttload of gold. Circe's been meeting with the iron bank of Braavos and wants them to help fund the war effort. and they're like, well, we're down, but you already have a huge loan. you have to pay that one off first. so Cersei gives them the tyrell gold, and they're on her side. now, some of the gold, though, goes to bran, everyone's favorite sell sword. and Jaime's BFF, Jimmy, promised bran a castle though. and Jaime's like, look, I promise later you'll get a castle. but now Daenerys is like, I'm sick of losing time. to stop holding back. so as they're moving the last of the supplies, she unleashes the Dothraki horde. yes, they're super sweet. they like jump up on horseback, shooting arrows. Jamie's like, hey, we can take these guys, though. but then Bo Unleashed in battle for the first time, and it's everything we could have hoped for. Jamie's like, okay, archers use arrow attack, but it's not very effective. so Jamie's like, I choose you, Bronco, use big-ass crossbow, cuz Circe's hand Khyber and made this big-ass crossbow. and bran shoots it, and it's super effective. all hits. throw that in the shoulder, and he's reeling. it was just a shoulder wound, though. drone gods. okay. so he destroys the big-ass crossbow, but he does have to land. so Jamie sees Daenerys on the ground, and he's like, I can end the war right now with a foolhardy charge. huh? he had go, Jamie, but drove guns. like, hey, I'm a dragon. are you kidding me? bro? I'm gonna burn it. useful. Jamie was about to die, but then he saved. he's tackled in the lake by brawn, but then he's wearing our armor, so sinking down, he's still gonna drown. oh, never mind. Jamie survives. luckily, bran is the best swimmer in Westeros. they make it all the way to the other side of the lake, away from the battle. and bronze like, hey, you're not allowed to die until I get my castle. in any case, Daenerys won, so she rounds up the survivors and is like, bend the knee or die by dragon a lot of knees bend, but not randyll Tarly. he's the kind of guy that would rather die than surrender. and so his son, dickon's like, hey, I guess that's the noble thing to do, me too. and Tyrion is like, you know, he's being dumb. he's a good lad. let him live. and tenaris is like, now he made his choice. so both Charlie's burned, my dragon. oh, and you bet that gets the rest of the knees bending real quick back on Dragonstone. John snow is standing around looking super cool. Danny flies home on Rogan. and drogon goes up to John snow and takes a liking to him. let some pet him. Danny's like, us. sploosh. and just then Jorah comes back. what he was dying of greyscale. and last season, danny commanded him to go find a cure. so he went down to the citadel, and they're like, no, you're definitely incurable. but when he found out these jorah mormont, Sam's like, oh, I know. LORD commanded Jorah Mormont. your dad back at the Nights Watch, so I owe you one. so Sam tries the super dangers forbidden surgery, and he pulls it off. it actually works. jours cured. so they've become best friends for life. and Jorah makes it back to Daenerys, but he is still in the friend zone. by the way, the White Walkers and the army of the Dead are still coming. Bran's been keeping an eye on them with his ravens, and he's like, hey, Jon Snow at the time has come. they're almost here. so Jon's like, I gotta go, Danny. you comin or not? and she's like, I can't leave, because if I pull my army back Cersei will just take it all back. but tyrion has an absolutely insane plan. he thinks if they could capture a zombie and show it to Cersei, that she would understand the danger and agree to a truce. John's like, well, this plan makes no sense, but we only have one season left. we gotta wrap things up. let's just do it. so Davos smuggles Tyrion in to King's Landing, where he has a secret meeting with Jaime. Jaime's pissed at Tyrion for killing their father, Tywin. and Tyrians like, no, man, you knew our dad was a dick. it's like, whatever. just tell me a piece. it's like a temporary truce for their zombie apocalypse. Jaime tell Cersei, and she's like, you know, I'm open to it because I'm preggers. what ho sik? another incest baby for these two. Congrats. and meanwhile, Davos reunites with an old character. it's Gendry. oh yeah, he's fat. King Rob's bastard. and last we saw him, Devil's sent him away on a rowboat to save him from Melisandre burning him. it's like, what's up, man? you're ready to be back on the show. he's like, you know, even got a thing. I'm the hammer guy. now, as they're leaving, Davos bribes the guards with some boner crab, but then they see Tyrion, so it's gonna be more trouble unless, boom, hammer time. yeah. and Rigo takes him to meet Jon Snow, and he's like, hey, I'm fat King Rob's bastard. and these two bust each other's balls a bit and become instantly Bros for life. they sell the east watch, the easternmost castle on the wall. that's where tormund Giantsbane is. he joins the group, and also the Hound Sandor Clegane. he's with the Brotherhood without banners. he joined them at the end of last season, and they spent this season riding north. because he saw a vision in the fire, they had to go the White Walkers. so it's the Suicide Squad of Westeros, a bunch of the coolest characters all in one place, going north of the wall to fight zombies. it may be a crazy plan, but this is pretty sweet. Gendry bonds with the Brotherhood about how they sold him to Melisandre, so if she could leech his blood for fire magic. these to bond over Brienne torment has a huge crush on her, and she almost killed the Hound. Jon bonds with Jorah over how bond claw is actually the Mormont ancestral sword. but Dora's like, hey, I get it. you're the main character here. you keep it. and Jon bonds with barrack over how they both been resurrected by fire magic. they brought some unnamed extras with them to for the purpose of getting eaten by undead bears. berrak and Thoros both have fire swords, so they're fighting it, but Thoreau's gets all bent up by it. before someone takes it down. he's like, hey, just give me some rum. I'll be fine pretty soon. the gang finds a conveniently small group of zombies, and they ambush them. Jon Snow, Longclaw, Valyrian steel. boom, another white Walker dead. oh, when he dies, all the other zombies die, except for, conveniently, one of them. so they punch that one in the face and take it prisoner. but the rest of the undead army is close behind, so Jon sense Kendra to go run for help. and the rest of the gang gets chased out onto this frozen lake. luckily, the ice breaks off when zombies like fall down in and the gang is safe, for now, in the middle. but they are trapped. luckily, kendra has incredible cardio after three seasons of rowing, so he makes it back to the wall. he's like, send for help. so the guys are sitting around. Thoros dies of his wounds. so the group's lost their priest. no more. revives. The Hound is bored, so he starts throwing rocks at zombies. pretty fun, until one of the rocks lands, and the lake has frozen over. so the zombies start coming, and it's time for a fight. it's a super-sweet zombie battle. but very quickly they're getting overrun. and tormance gets grabbed, know, at torment dies. I quit the show. luckily, he's saved by the Hound. are the random extras are not so lucky. things look bleak for our heroes. nothing could save them now, unless Daenerys made it just in time. and the dragons are burning all the ice zombies. as you could imagine, it's super effective. but the white Walker leader, the knight King, has something to say about that. he grabs a javelin and, boom, throw oh, dragon in the neck. what? he's all bleeding everywhere. crashes down. this dragon is definitely dead. that's so sad. so the gangs escaping on drogon. they even take their captive zombie with them. but John's too far away. oh, he's tackled into the frozen lake. oh, sorry, Jon, Snow, you were sexy, but you're definitely dead. oh, just kidding. John's alive. turns out he is the swimmer in Westeros, and nothing to do but make a final stand, unless this guy shows up tilling zombies. it's his undead uncle, Benjen. John's like, what I asked? he's like, hey, John, no time to explain. get on the horse. I'm gonna make my final last and so John makes it back to the safety Daenerys gets to see him shirtless, where she finds his super sexy six-pack, and also multiple stab wounds. he's like, hey Danny, you know, I've decided to bend the knee. you're my queen. and she's like, ah, John, oh, you're so sweet. but the zombies are pulling the dead dragon out of the lake. Knight Kings like, hey guys, you think I can resurrect a dragon? oh, he does on dead dragon. what? in any case, it's time for the big truce meeting at King's Landing. the first interaction is between the two, again, brothers, remember the hounds? brother the mountain is Circe's bodyguard, and he's some sort of undead Frankenstein guy. and in case, Sandor is like, hey, cocaine bull confirmed, but not this season. then John begins his presentation on how zombies are real. Sandor brings up the Box. he's like, no, guys, I got this. no one helped me. he kicks it over, and it's a zombie, and they run straight at Cersei, and she definitely now understand zombies are real. The Hound takes him out, and Qyburn examines it. now, he's a wannabe necromancer, so he's very interested in this. you're on his like, I did not sign up for zombies. so he knope's right out of there, back to the Iron Islands. and Cersei is like, okay, I'll agree to a truce while you guys fight the white walkers, on the condition that afterwards, Jon Snow, King in the North, remains neutral in our fight for the Iron Throne. Jon Snow's like, well, this is awkward timing, but I literally just bent the knee to Daenerys. so Cersei is like, trying, no truce. I hope the White Walkers kill you all. Daenerys is like, you stupid, sexy, honorable man. you couldn't just lie a little bit? these two get to talking. she's like, by the way, the witch who resurrected my ex-husband, called Drogo, cursed me, so I can't have kids. he's like, well, how do you know if we don't try? oh, you dog. Jon Snow, anyway, Tyrians like, let me go talk to my sister. so these do have it out. they really hate each other. she's maybe gonna kill him, but decides not to. she lets on that she's pregnant. and he's like, oh, you're pregnant. so when she comes back, she's like, look, I reconsidered. not only am I gonna truce, I'm gonna send my forces to go help you guys fight the white walkers, cuz, honestly, we're all in this together. hey, it's the on Greyjoy. he survived, by the way, but his men lost all respect for him because he's a wuss. but Jon Snow gives him a good pep talk, and he's like, hey man, let's go and rescue my sister, Yara from you're on and they're like, no, I think I'm just gonna beat you up and kick you in the nuts. but there's nothing there, Ramsay. cut it off. so he's like, you have no power here. so he beats this guy to death, which earns him the respect of his men again. and he baptizes himself in the ocean as symbolizing, you know, whatever. backup at Winterfell, Ari has been following little finger as he sneaks around the castle. she finds the sketchy letter he hid. it's the one Sansa was forced to write back in season 1, declaring their father, Ned Stark, a traitor. but without the context, this looks really bad. so Arya goes out to confront her, and turns out Littlefinger was set it all up. he was out sneaking the snake. he did this to cause a rift between the sisters, and it does sort of work. and since it finds arias faces and realizes just how scary she is. and little fingers like, look, Arya, is gonna kill you and take your place as Lady of Winterfell. you have to kill her first. so since it has, Arya brought in for trial. and it's like, you stand accused of murder and treason, Lord Baelish. what? that's right, dick. we talked off screen. we know that you're playing us against each other. and Starks sisters stick together. Sansa's like, look, I know it was you who started the whole conflict of the series by having Lysa Arryn poisoned Jon Arryn and then blame it on the Lannisters. little fingers like, whoa. there's no proof of any of that. I deny it. but brands like, hey, I see everything, past, present, future. I was there. who and you betrayed our Father, Ned Stark he's like, objection Your Honor. this evidence is inadmissible. but Sansa's like, Oh, allow it. so Littlefinger falls to his knees to beg for his life. he's like, but son, I love you. and she's like, dude, I told you, I am NOT into you. and Arya slashes his throat. Oh, Littlefinger. Manor Baelish, the master schemer taken down by the unified stark children. so Jaime strategizing how to take the Lannister forces north and help fight the White Walkers. but Sir, she's like, yo, are you dumb? I was lying. we're not actually gonna help. we're gonna let Jon and Daenerys and the zombies fight each other, then we could swoop in and fight the victors. and Euron Greyjoy didn't really bail either. I sent him with a new loan from the iron bank to buy some mercenaries the golden company. so they're coming back with they'll have a big army. we're gonna win this war. and Jamie's like, whoa. you gave your word that we were gonna help. I'm gonna go do it. and she's like, if you do, you're a traitor. he's like, what are you gonna do? kill me and she's like, maybe I will. and the mountain pulls the sword. he's gonna kill Jaime, but he's like, no, I don't believe you any walks away. Cersei lets him go. so Cersei just drove away the one person that truly loved her. and Jaime rides north alone to help fight the White Walkers. meanwhile, Sam Tarly is fed up with being shut down at the Citadel, so he steals some books and drops out of college, which is so sad. because we got there last season, he was so excited at becoming a maester. but turns out it's just not all it's cracked up to be. so Sam goes to Winterfell and talks to brand who fills him in on the big reveal from last season, that Jon Snow isn't Ned Stark's bastard at all. it's Ned. mr. Lyanna Stark was his mother, and he's the bastard son of prince rhaegar targaryen. Sam's like, wait a second. Gilly rented in a book, and I didn't realize what it meant at the time, but there was a secret marriage ceremony between Rhaegar Targaryen and Lyanna stark. they were in love, they got married. so Jon Snow's not a bastard. he's Jon Targaryen, rightful king of the Iron Throne. Wow. hilariously, this makes Jon Snow Daenerys is nephew. but they don't know that. so on the slow boat to Winterfell, these two get it on. yeah, it's nephew. incest is relatively tame for Game of Thrones, so we're all okay with it. meanwhile, up at the wall, the White Walkers finally arrived with the army of the Dead. luckily, the walls very big. they can't get over it unless they had a Sami ice dragon. Wow, swoops in there, buries the blue fire all on the wall, which is powerful enough to explode, and all comes crashing down. luckily, tormented beric make it far enough away, we think. but the wall has fallen. the army of the Dead is marching south. winter has come. it's zombie apocalypse time in Westeros. they now have a dragon, and that's how season 7 comes to an end. [Music], 