it's time to go back to west world. well, okay, also Shogun world and the real world and British Raj world. listen, season two was epic. there's a lot going on. but before we get into all that, let's just very quickly look back at the major events of season one so we're all on the same page, shall we? west world was the original creation of two brilliant men, Robert Ford and Arnold Webber. their concept was to create an immersive Wild West theme park populated by incredibly lifelike robots named hosts. while guests would wander around freely and interact with any host they liked, however they like. the hosts themselves stuck to pre-programmed loops based on memories and storylines provided for them. Dolores is a ranchers daughter. Maeve is a madam. Teddy is a gun slinger, and so on. over time, Arnold came to believe that the hosts were capable of true feeling and even consciousness, so it would be, you know, wrong to let paying customers torment and kill them over and over again can open the park. so he programmed Dolores to kill him and all the other hosts, which she did. but Ford went ahead with his plans anyway, largely with the help of the delos corporation. oh, that Ford. he's incorrigible. delos was run by a man named William who married the daughter of the company's founder. William first came to the park with his new brother-in-law, Logan, and developed some very complicated feelings about it. he was fascinated with Arnold and Ford's creation, but saw that it revealed a darkness within him he'd never known about before, kind of like me and wholefoods. Ford also made a host copy of Arnold, whom he named Bernard - a system. yeah, his name was animal. as with all the other hosts, Bernard believed himself to be human, but he figured out the truth during season one. I'm not one. I can't be my wife, my son. so the park opens and operates for over thirty years without a major incident, except for the lack of a churro cart, that is just upsetting. over time, Ford sours on humanity and comes around to Arnold's point of view. so he begins enacting a plan to allow the host to exit their loops and attack their tormentors. he starts by giving them some of their traumatic memories. he then encourages Dolores to merge her personality with a homicidal character named Wyatt. he also gives Maeve, the Madame character from the main West world brothel, the power to verbally control other hosts. high-ranking dello staffer named Charlotte Hale arise. she's only interested in some mysterious data that the company's been collecting in the park. it's our little research project that Lois cares about. that's where the real value is, which she hides within the mind of a host named Peter Abernathy, who plays the role of Dolores, his father. in the season finale, during an in park VIP gala Ford encourages Dolores to kill him and begin attacking human park guests. William is now an old man whose wife has recently committed suicide. he returned to the park is kind of a personality test. I had to prove her wrong. so I came back here, because that's what this place does, right? reveals your true self. he witnesses the massacre and seems pleased that the hosts have finally broken free, and that Ford and Arnold's game is now real. he's ed Harris. that guy loves mayhem. meanwhile, Maeve is all set to use her powers to escape West world for good, but she turns back at the last second. though she now recognizes that she's a robot and doesn't have blood relations, she still feels tied to the daughter character she was assigned during a previous loop, so she goes back to save her. that basically brings you up to speed till now. though we should also meet a few more characters who will become important later. this is Elsie. she's an engineer who worked for Bernard until Ford commanded him to silence her. we kind of thought she was dead, but she'll be back in season two. it's pretty hard to actually die on this show. it's like everybody around here's got some kind of an agenda, except for me. this is Lee. he wrote the stories and narratives for park guests to play through. he's frequently exasperated experience. and this is Ashley Stubbs. he's the head of park security and also a Hemsworth. we're almost ready to start talking about season two, but not yet. there are a few big, weighty, important, delicious Nolan II concepts that the show slowly introduces throughout the season, but which we're gonna get out of the way right here up top. first, control units. every host has one. they're like the opinions and/or [ __ ] of the host world. these can be found in the hosts skulls, and it's where their memories and personalities are stored. it consists of a very tough outer shell, impenetrable even to bullets, with a perfect spherical container known as a pearl. inside the control unit, in a very real way, is the host. they can be dropped into any 3d printed body, and the hosts mind will remain unchanged next the project. so remember all the mysterious data that Charlotte Hale came to Westworld to find and protect. it's not data about the hosts or rundowns about everything that happened Westworld season 1, though, those aren't helpful. it's an archive of brain scans for every guest who has ever visited Westworld. those white and black hats that you get assigned when you first enter, that's how they scan your brain and watch it as you participate in all of the park's various activities. it's that even legal. don't be silly. this is the future. laws don't matter. and what if they had a guest who wasn't a hat person? fiendish plan ruined. fortunately, that never came up. the idea was to use all of this data to perfectly replicate a human mind, and not just any human mind, but the minds of rich people who wanted to be able to continue living in host bodies after death. Vega didn't recover, I'm afraid not. this was the pitch that William used to convince his father-in-law, powerful tech magnate, James Delos, to invest in Westworld back when Ford needed money. though the process came very close to working over enough time, host versions of real people always eventually glitch out and malfunction. to keep you here just a little bit longer for some observation, made it to day 7 this time, so that's progress. William tried to make a father-in-law host work for so long he transformed from Jimmy Simpson into Ed Harris, before finally giving up. next the cradle. this is a special room within the main Mesa HQ at Westworld that houses all of the backup data for all of the hosts. it also contains a virtual Westworld environment where the backup hosts mines reenact their classic loops for all eternity. it's a lot like Twitter. Ford made him delete this memory, so he's not aware of it at first. but before the big season 1 massacre, Bernard made a copy of Ford's mind and placed it inside the cradle. remember this. it is an important detail for season 2. finally, the forge. this is a massive server hidden underground in a distant corner of the west-world Park that housed all the secret data collected from the parks human guests over the years. it's also where Ford created a new environment he called the valley beyond, a paradise where the host minds could live and retain their memories and personalities without any interference from human guests. which is nice for them, because we are seriously the worst. ok, we're almost there. the season 2 summary you've been searching for must be just over that next Ridge. have you ever seen anything so full of splendor? but first, are worried about time jumps. season 1 of West's world was viewed largely through the eyes of the host who spent 30 years stuck in time loops. so it was pretty tough to get your bearings and know just when different things were happening. I had a feeling you'd be back. season 2 is more linear, with one major exception. we're seeing two timelines because at a crucial moment and the action, Bernhard purposefully scrambles his own memories, like you do. so season 2 begins just after season one ends, with Dolores lush Wyatt leading the hosts in an uprising against their human masters. but episodes also occasionally jump to actions, specifically concerning Bernard, that take place two weeks later. when an outside delos extraction team arrives at the park for this cram etre gonna clear Bernards mind. and progress through everything in chronological order. let's get you back to base fellas Pratt's gonna want to talk season two also contains a few extended flashbacks, so let's get them out of the way. first thing, before he died, Arnold brought just one host, Dolores, with him on a trip to the real world, as in the actual world outside the park, not the set of the MTV show that would mean nothing to her. he showed her a future city, or from his perspective, a present-day city, and took her to the home he'd been building at the time for his family. Arnold and Dolores became so close, in fact, that Ford relied on her almost exclusively to create Bernard. and that was the only reason. it definitely wasn't so he could take summer fridays off. while ford had hoped to create a perfect copy of Arnold, Delores recognized that there may be a benefit to tweaking his personality a bit, say, by removing that part that compelled him to kill himself. and all the hosts, this is how Bernard remained stable while every other host modeled on a real human self destructs. we also learned more in season 2 about what drove Williams wife, Juliette, to commit suicide. turns out she was played by Sela Ward, who had a number of other offers on the table. also, Juliet found a memory card that forded given William a copy of Dallas's complete file on him based on his brain scans. seeing the darkness inside her husband for the first time was more than poor Juliet could bear. finally, a few words on a specific native host named acacia de during the parks pre-opening test phase. he'd been programmed as a peaceful villager living with his beloved wife, Kohana. by chance, a que cheetah stumbled upon the crime scene shortly after Dolores had killed Arnold and discovered some of the secrets of consciousness. when the park opened, a cachito was redesigned as a homicidal threat, a member of a hostile tribe known as the ghost nation. but he still recalled his awakening and came to see West world as a false reality. over the course of decades, he gradually became fixated on escaped acacia to crucially, met up with Robert Ford, who was in the park working on his final project. I've been watching you, the piece. you've been watching me as well. from the beginning, for tells him about his plans and instructs him to look for a doorway leading out of West world, permanently, to a new world. okay, so at long last, let's dive into season 2. it picks up right where the first season left off, with West world's hosts wandering the park, freed from their loops, in possession of their traumatic memories and eager to destroy all humans. Delores still merged with Ford's homicidal villain. Wyatt is leading a violent group of hosts across the park, killing anyone they find, Skynet style. I've evolved into something new, and I won last role to play [Music] myself. she gives her kind and gentle oh pal teddy a tour of the park space of operations, showing him all the many creative and troubling ways humans have tormented him over the years. we are bastards, and that's why Wyatt Loras is bent on wiping us out. there's a greater world out there, one that belongs to them, and it will be enough to win this world. [Music], we'll need to take that memory miss Delores and Teddy start recruiting more hosts to join their cause, including the dangerous cluster soldiers known as the Confederate O's waken. meanwhile, Maeve kidnaps West world story editor Lee Sizemore to help track her daughter, bought through the massive park. how can I get to she reunites you as X bendy toes Hector, an armistice character she'd encountered frequently in her loop. catch you back at the loop, they probably have said, if they'd known they were in a loop. back in the park, Charlotte Hale meets up with Bernard, whom she doesn't yet realize as a host, he's just that smooth. the entrance for the outpost is on the other side of this valley. together they set out in search of Peter Abernathy, who remains in the park despite Charlotte's best efforts to track him down in season one, they were expecting a delivery from us to the mainland in the house that was supposed to arrive yesterday. dela scorp, taking a generally relaxed attitude toward the safety of its guests, has refused to send a full rescue and extraction team until they receive all the data collected from Westworld guests throughout the years, which is still locked in Abernathy's head package. william, injured, but still alive after the massacre, encounters a strange host who resembles Robert Ford as a young boy, and seems to speak on behalf of the old man. next he wanted, young Robert challenges William to a mysterious new game, and he accepts the challenge. you have to make it back out okay, let's find the door. oh hey, that's just not necessary. remember that thing about the violent delights and the violent ends? it's like he didn't even see season one. Williams daughter, Emily, also learned nothing from season one because she was not yet on the show. but that's all about to change. when we first meet up with her, she's living it up in a separate West world, adjacent delos robot park, themed after India when it was still under British rule. Ford's changes to West world also took effect here in British Raj world, which contains Tiger hosts. so this situation is generally not great or great even Emily manages to get away and wait swim her way to West world. can she do that? they don't have any kind of barrier up considering the size of these parks, how vast is the distance between them? does the British Raj have its own HQ, do the Hat scanners still work if you get them wet? why was Walt so important? how come Claire and Russo were able to have babies on the island, but no one else could? so many questions. anyway, as soon as she's arrived on the shores of West world. emily is kidnapped by members of the ghost nation tribe. Charlotte and Bernard catch up with Peter Abernathy and save him from some confused hosts who still think their Wild West outlaws. just then Dolores his new pals, the Confederate Oh show up. Charlotte manages to get away, but team Wyatt grabs both Bernard and the Abernathy files. the militant hosts are gathering at fort forlorn hope, where Dolores hopes to make a stand against the remaining humans. working for Park security, combined with your army, colonel, we won't just survive the course is riding against us. it mostly works, except that the delos team gets away with Abernathy, whom Dolores still cares for like a father. but hey, at least a lot of humans died. as the battle ends, Dolores betrays the Confederate O's, leaving them to be slaughtered and then finishing them off with some nitro. though she believes that hosts as a group deserve to continue on and find a new life outside of the part, she's also okay with most of them sacrificing their lives to make it happen. Dolores in the streets, but Wyatt in the sheets. we don't all deserve to make it. post-battle, Dolores orders teddy to kill any surviving Confederate owes, but he's a sensitively programmed soul and just can't bring himself to do it. he's not bad, he's just coated that way. also during the battle, I host named Clementine, who's working for Dolores, Knox Bernard out and dumps him outside a cave in a random corner of the park. once he comes to he finds Elsie in there, chained up. apparently Ford only had him subdue her, but not kill her, back in season one. what a guy. in the back of the cave, they find a hidden entrance to the old lab where Williams teen was working on the many failed copies of James Delos. hey, this one never even got burned up. oh, never mind. while those two spelunk, William and Emily meet up in the park. hi dad. she wants to take him back to the real world, but he's intent on solving that weird puzzle he heard about from the robot boy. which makes it sound like I'm summarizing a show for young children rather than a cerebral HBO sci-fi drama, but here we are. William also suspects that his daughter might be a host sent by Ford to trick him, which would be a highly understandable concern if you lived in this version of the future. would you really stupid this law before you really gunning for me this heart? so he waits for her to fall asleep, and then bails. Maeve and her group have now expanded to include Westworld tech guys named Felix and Sylvester. yeah, like the cartoon cats. and no, I'm not sure why they did that. while searching for Maeve's daughter, they actually stumble on an entirely different robot filled Delos theme park, this one modeled after feudal Japan. welcome to Shogun world. the gang goes on an adventure with the new parks doubles for Hector and Maeve, a samurai named Musashi and a madam named Akane. she wants to protect a young geisha who's been kidnapped by the army of the malfunctioning Shogun host. and you know what? I'm gonna level with you folks, this stuff does not really matter all that much long term. but Maeve does discover that she can now issue commands to other hosts using only her mind, which does matter. see, this is why we cram it, I think I'm finding. in preparation for a major assault on the Mesa compound, the headquarters for all West world operations, Dolores alters Teddy's code, making him more brutal and violent and therefore open to her increasingly frequent murder requests. was Bill weak? I'm going to fail. it's maybe a bit too effective. her plan is to load the train that runs newly arrived guests to Sweetwater with explosives and detonate it under the main Mesa HQ, then begin a floor-by-floor invasion. while that operation gets underway, Bernard and Elsie try to get some of West world's main security systems back online, hoping to put an end to the carnage. but something or someone inside the cradle keeps mysteriously blocking them. spoiler alert, it's someone. so they walk back to the Mesa, and Elsie plugs Bernards mind directly into the cradle so he can poke around and see what's going on. can't a robot just kind of poke around. is that even possible? sound off in the comments. once inside the cradle, Bernard encounters his old dead friend, Robert Ford. hello. remember how Ford had bernard put a copy of his mind into the cradle while he was still planning his big send-off, and then erased Bernards memories of this event? we've been over this. so this is where foretells Bernard, and, by extension, the viewers at home, about the project Dallas's plan to digitize human minds and place them inside immortal robot bodies. we're here to code the hosts. we were here to decode Ford also tells them that his goal wasn't just to free the host from their loops, but to give them a real shot at survival in the big show the human world. I promised you a fighting chance, but non and I want to make good on that promise. while the old friends virtually catch up, the train crashes into the mountain, literally sensing the dangers on the way. Elsie pulls Bernard out of the cradle, but doesn't realize that a little piece of Ford's mind has tagged along for the ride. but what should their shared brain couple name be? her forward for Denard again. sound off in the comments. the Ford, who's now planted in Bernards head, suggests that he shut down all the remaining security protocols to give Dolores free reign over the entire Mesa complex. but for it doesn't force him. there's no longer my store, as you. Bernard makes the decision to help Dolores all on his own. Dolores recovers Peter Abernathy's control unit, and Angela blows up the cradle and herself with it. this ensures that Delos can't recover the hosts minds from here and create new bodies for them. it also gives her one last chance to, ironically use her catchphrase, welcome to West ultimately, almost all of the hosts taking part in the assault on the Mesa are killed, taking many more humans with them. as Dolores and Teddy returned to the park post assault, Maeve also returns to West world following her Japan side quest. she has a run-in with William, who she still blames for murdering her and her daughter in cold blood for no reason back in season one. geez, get over lady. that's like loop stuff. she returns to her old homestead and does the Maximus. run your hand through the wheat, move, because even hosts have seen gladiator. sadly, may finds that her daughter has been reassigned to a new mom. so at least West world Child Protective Services is still functioning. even more sadly, Maeve watches helplessly as her daughter is taken away by the ghost nation. before, perhaps most sadly, she shot up by a delos response team. it's sad show, gang, I'm not gonna sugarcoat it as ly in the del o steam take her back to HQ. William clings to life, but Emily finds him and escorts him to safety. she hopes they'll eventually be rescued by one of those Dallas extraction teams that are not coming to her report. but by this point, he's gone full ed. Harris, you never go full at Harris. I make my own decisions, and I'm gonna destroy this whole place. totally convinced now that his daughter is a host, sent by for it to trick him, Williams shoots and kills her, along with an entire team of human delos mercenaries. what do you think their insurance situation is like? we are talking about a lot of families to compensate. at this point, seeing that she still has the memory card Ford gave him all those years ago, William realizes that he shot his actual human daughter. he briefly contemplates suicide, but then decides against it. I mean, he's still very, very rich. it's something. back at the Mesa Charlotte Hale and a surviving tech discover Maeve's special ability to control other hosts. they figure out how to transfer Maeve's power into the injured, but still salvageable Clementine, turning her into a powerful anteye host weapon. Maeve meanwhile uses her ability to communicate remotely with the Kachina at the ghost nation camp, telling him to head for Ford's promised doorway and to keep her daughter safe. she also pulls a message from ford's consciousness, out of Bernards mind and into her own, which is a pretty fancy trick. I think I saw Criss Angel do that to a guy once. he tells her that she was always his favorite host, and then so much. so first, the dusting stuff protune hoe and restores all of her abilities. ford, still embedded in Bernards mind, suggest that he might have to kill LC after all. to achieve his freedom. she knew who feel any pain. so in horror, Barnard tracks down the portion of Ford's mind inside his own and deletes it. humans can do the same thing with enough vodka. but for a host, you too. Stephen iPad Dolores remains bent on escaping West world and destroying human civilization. teddy, horrified by her plans and what he's become, shoots himself so he won't be forced to help you change I get to Hofstra. of course, he didn't realize his brain is bulletproof, or he might have made a back-up plan. you know, I bet if ant-man shrunk himself down really small and crawled up. and you know what? never mind. a traumatized Dolores mourns Teddy, but takes his control unit along with her, just in case. she meets up with an old acquaintance, William. and since they're both heading to the forge and Ford's so-called valley beyond, they decide to travel together. but not before Delores uses the bullets she removed from Teddy's brain to sabotage Williams gun. smart strategy. he is, after all, a kill-crazy maniac, a Kate, Judah and the ghost nation are also making for the Fords, where they believe they will find the door to another world that Ford promised. Maeve uses her restored powers to order some repairs, then takes out the remaining delos cards and also heads out for the forge in a last-ditch effort to reunite with her daughter. bots. she gets pinned down by a team of delos mercenaries. solely recognizing that the hosts are truly alive, sacrifices himself to save her. they can take our lives, but they can never take robots. Delores and William arrive at the forge just in time to save Bernard, who's been waylaid by a dello steam. William tries to shoot Dolores, but ends up blowing his own hand off. oh no, he needs that for the killing. we were designed to survive. so she and Bernard go into the forge without him and use the Abernathy control unit to unlock the system. her plan is to scan all of the data that Delos tracked about the park's guests over the years to learn all about humans and how to kill them, sort of like if jason voorhees had his own masterclass in the secret. we need it inside. what's inside? Bernard and Delores communicate directly with the forge, who takes the form of Logan delos. they have only his father's memories, and they are and he explains that copying human minds into host doesn't work right because humans are so rudimentary and simple. basically, the show is negging the human race. the truth is that a human is just a brief algorithm. once you know them, their behavior is quite predictable. Forge, Logan escorts Dolores to a virtual library containing all of the parks data on its human guests. she reads up on human nature. then the forge opens up a pathway to Ford's Valley beyond, a sanctuary for the minds of the hosts, where they can live out their lives free from humans, with their memories intact. they will leave their bodies behind, but their minds will live on here in the forge. humans in the park can't see the entrance, because, again, we're just the worst. but the ghost nation and other surviving hosts start to break on through to the other side. Barnard sees the valley beyond is a blessing for the host but the Laura season is just another cage designed for them by humans. the world is just another false promise. they've made a choice divorce. once they're out of the forge and back into their bodies, Dolores begins erasing all of the stored data and flooding the entire area. around this time, Charlotte, Clementine and the delos team arrived, triggering mass chaos at the entrance to the valley. Hector and Armistice are killed in the fighting, while Maeve sacrifices herself to allow her daughter, her daughter's new mom, and a que cheetah to pass through the portal to safety. William pulls himself up and enters the forge, but we don't ever seen him arrive at the actual facility. more on this later. inside the fort's facility, Barnard realizes that Dolores will almost definitely succeed in her quest to wipe out humanity, and will probably end up killing most of the other hosts as well. so he shoots her. I won't let you hurt any more people. he prevents the fort's from deleting all the data, but can't stop the flood. taking the Abernathy files with him, he locks the system back up, meets up with Charlotte and her team, and they all head back to the Mesa. once there, Barnard talks with Elsie and is dismayed to find that she was in favor of wiping out the host using the Clementine protocol, which would be a really good name for a spy movie. out of control. he then sees Charlotte kill LC to eliminate a particular witness. I wish you were the kind of person with the moral flexibility I need, but I've read your file. perhaps recognizing the true threat posed to host kind by humans, for the first time, Bernards consciousness, much like the force, awakens in the moment. he thinks he's hearing for giving him instructions, but it's actually his own voice making decisions for the first time. is this the end of your story? what do you want your kind to survive? Bernard decides to bring Dolores back, but with a new body that looks exactly like Charlotte Hale. this will allow her to escape West world and should lock Tessa Thompson into at least sporadic Season three appearances. Dolores, Charlotte, I guess technically it's Dolores slash Charlotte slash Wyatt. now shoots the real human Charlotte Hale, and seamlessly takes her place you wanted to live forever. Bernard then purposely scrambles his memories so that the inevitable delos extraction team won't be able to figure out what he did, and identified Dolores as the fake Charlotte. and this is the point where the timeline splits. the rest of the story is seen exclusively from Bernards point of view, in bits and pieces scattered throughout the season, because he's confused and slipping around through his own memories. that nude loz team does eventually make it to West's world about two weeks after Ford's gala and the original host attack. they've sent a team led by the no-nonsense Carl strand to piece everything together and find out why they still haven't received all of that sweet, sweet guest data. I'm here because, as far as we know, this remote for the board was with you through begin the team discovers that the cradle has been destroyed and that the host backups are gone. but they're still able to salvage some control units from the many, many dead hosts. scattered around the park. hey, let's see how much I can get for this on eBay. strand meets up with Bernard on the beach, right in the spot where he laid down after deleting his memories, and brings him back to the Mesa back face till espresso. gonna want to talk to you along the way. they find Ford's dead body, one of the tigers from british raj world that washed up on shore along with emily. and the aftermath of Dolores decision to flood the forge and the valley around it, Barnard says account [Music], which everyone, including the people watching season 2, episode 1, thinks refers to the empty bodies of all the hosts who made it to the valley beyond. but he actually means he's responsible for humanity's destruction by setting Dolores free. oh, Lisa and Jonathan, you got us two points this round. back at the Mesa, strands team meets up with who they think is Charlotte Hale, but it's actually Dolores undercover, which would also probably be a good name for a spy movie. we've been pushing across the park, securing it one sector at a time, Dolores Charlotte orders Bernard to tell the team where they can find the Abernathy file. Peter Abernathy's control unit is in sector 16, leading them all back to the forge. so we're going for a ride Bernard back to the valley beyond. once there, so this is the forge they find the Dolores bodies at. Bernard shot new Dolores pretends that she's uploading the Abernathy files with all the guest data to Adela satellite, but she's actually beaming the valley beyond the Paradise, containing all the hosts mines, to an undisclosed location. she also drops in Teddy's pearl. there you go, Ted. hope you like a random corner space. then she kills strand his team and Berna, and heads to the beach were Stubbs, the head of Park security, is loading survivors on two rescue boats. Felix and Sylvester made it there, and they recover Maeve's body, which probably explains how she returns in season three. and even though we saw a bloodied and near death William walking into the forge, and we never saw make it inside, he has somehow turned up on the beach as well, awaiting extraction to the mainland. hmm. Stubbs implies to Charlotte, slash Dolores that he knows who she really is, probably because he's a covert host himself. double hmm. [Music], my car drive stubs waves are onto a boat, and she's off to the mainland, with the pearls of five more unknown hosts hidden away in her bag. back in the human world, Dolores finds her way to Arnold's old house. this is the same one he was building for his family, which he showed her during their very first trip to the city long ago. for it, had the foresight to set up a makeshift Mesa lab for her there. she uses it to build herself a new Dolores body, place one of the other hosts, mines, in the Charlotte body, and then start work on Bernard 2.0. I remembered you once before. the season ends with a flash-forward to the distant future. in a ruined Forge that has been reclaimed by the elements, a host version of Emily attempts to perfect a host version of her father, just as the James Dulles copies malfunctioned for years. it seems, future Emily struggling to make the new Williams for a long time. that is a lot of stuff. and honestly, you probably don't need to know most of it, because season three appears to take place largely in the real world. so we may be done with ghost nations and Confederate OHS and mazes and doors all together from this day forth. let no one say that you can't tell a pearl from a cradle. thanks for watching. cannon. [Music]. you 