welcome. my name is Sophia, and now I'm going to talk about source codes. US. Army pilot captain Colter Stevens wakes up on a metro commuter train headed to Chicago. Stevens is disoriented. his last memory was flying on a mission in Afghanistan. however, to the world around him, including his friend Christina Warren, and his reflections in the passenger window and in the restroom mirror, he appears to be Sean Fentress, a schoolteacher. as he expresses his confusion to Christina, the train explodes, killing everyone aboard. Stevens wakes up inside a dimly lit cockpit, communicating through a video screen. Air Force captain Colleen Goodwin verifies Stevens identity and tells him of his mission to find the Train bomber before sending him back to the beginning, believing he is being tested in a simulation. Stevens finds the bomb, but is unable to identify the bomber before the Train explodes again. Stevens reawakens in his capsule, and, after demanding to be briefed, learns that the train explosion actually happened and that it was the first attack of the series. he is sent back again eight minutes before the explosion to identify the bomber. this time he disembarks the train with Christina to follow a suspect. however, he falls on the tracks and is killed by a freight train. the captial power supply malfunctions. as Stevens reawakens, he claims to have saved Christina, but drive Rutledge tells him she was saved only inside the source code. Rutledge briefly explains to Stevens what source code is an experimental machine that reconstructs the past using the dead passengers residual collective memories of eight minutes before their death. therefore, the only thing that matters is finding the bomber to prevent the second attack. on his next run, Stevens learns he was reported as killed in action two months ago. he confronts Goodwin, who reveals he is missing most of his body and is on life support while hooked up to neural sensors. the capsule and his healthy body are manifestations made by his mind to make sense of the environment. angry at his forced imprisonment, Stevens asks to be terminated after the mission, and Rutledge accepts. after numerous attempts, Stevens identifies the bomber, a terrorist named Derek Frost. Stevens memorizes Frost's license and vehicle registration plates. however, he is unable to stop the train explosion outside source code. he relays his knowledge to Goodwin, which helps the police arrest frost and prevents the second attack. Stevens is congratulated for completing his mission. Rutledge secretly reneged on his deal to let Stevens die, as he is the only candidate that can enter source code at the moment. sympathetic to his plight, Goodwin sends Stevens back one last time and promises to disconnect his life support after eight minutes. this time he sets a date with Christina, defuses the bomb, handcuffs frost and reports him to the police. he calls his father under the guise of a fellow soldier and reconciles with him and sends Goodwin a message. after eight minutes, Goodwin terminates Stephens life support. as the world around him progresses beyond eight minutes, Stevens confirms his suspicions that source code is not a simulation, but a gateway to alternate realities. he and Christina leave the Train and go on a date. in the same reality, Goodwin receives Stephens message. he tells her of source codes true capability and asks her to help the alternate reality version of him. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music]. 