I can't believe it. meth hats. 1000 subscribers and this not even been my 5 month anniversary yet. actually, I don't think anniversary is the right word. let's see. anniversary comes from the Latin word, anise. I said anise y'all. so what's Latin for months? menses. menses. ok, well, whatever. I don't make the damn words. I just use them. it's not even my 5th Mensa bursary yet here we are. I know I once said this has been easy, but here's the lowdown. you know how sometimes you go into the kitchen and you find some generic brand fruity Dino pebble bits or whatever, some chocolate chips and some leftover spaghetti, and you mix it all together, and it tastes like as it should. this jibs first 5 YouTube channels, ok? 6, 7. but didn't you realize what you missing? so you buy some milk to go to Dino pebble bits and some flour and sugar to mix in with the chocolate chips, and you get a love of good french bread. but then you eaten a bunch of stuff that really doesn't go together, but it works. debt is myth. fine 8 channels. and I guess that's Jeb's little secret. I don't know what the hell I'm doing, I just do it. creating a new YouTube channel is like trying to shoot a rap from the passenger window of a jeep that's going down the road. it like 63 miles per hour. you know what? you aim and fall, but you're probably gonna miss. and then see a lot of y'all saying stuff like, why doesn't this channel have most subscribers? Jeff, don't stop making videos and we're never gonna laugh again. I know a lot of y'all are worried about why I don't have more views, subscribers and all that, but don't you worry your pretty little head about them. after eight channels, I know what failure looks like. and I promise you all, one dozen subscribers before my fifth Mensa bursary tickles my fancy. damn the man who tries to get Jim to give up. patience is my cruel mistress. I go to bed with her every night after she beats me, ain't I right? patience, I'll she's me, no ever. so really, from the bottom of Jeb's cold, dead heart, thank you all. so meth-heads, I'm gonna leave you now because I know that you are busy for movies. explain fall. I'm jailed hard. I so until the next video, be excellent to each other and party on homies. 