welcome to the man recaps. this is the Walking Dead, Season ten, episode six. we begin with the dynamic duo Daryl and Carol, out on a mission to hunt down negan. but secretly, Carol's mission is to find alphas, zombie horde. but as night's falling, they realize if they want to follow more closely, they'll have to cross the border. Daryl and Carol tracking the whisperers, but they get a little too close. Daryl's got to do old-fashioned zombie guts on his face, Krauss. and while the whispers are looking for him, they actually do their creepy whispering. I just realized, that's what I've been missing all season. Daryl makes it out of there, and while they were separated, Carol took a Whisperer hostage. there was a little mad though, cuz it's like she had the zip ties ready to go. he realizes this was her plan all along. now it's time to check in on uncle negan. he claims he wants to join the whisperers. makes sense on the surface, because he was a prisoner in Alexandria. but negan is the least whispery person ever. he talks incessantly. this gets on beta's nerves, specifically, he loves silence. and also, you know, negan's the biggest, coolest dude that's come through since him. you can tell beta's a little jealous of the new guy. yeah. he and alpha have always had this, like, sort of sexual tension going on. it seems like beta has a huge psychopath crush on alpha. so beta puts negan through the ringer of the whispers Olympics, betas final test for negan, while walking with zombies, to draw some attention to him and let me, again, fend for himself. negan's knife breaks again. he's got bad luck. so uncle legions in big trouble. Eugene's at Hilltop fixing up their radio thing. he has a nice call with Rosita. they left on kind of bad terms a few episodes ago, where she firmly put him in the friendzone. but she really cares about him and misses him, so these two reconcile. actually, Rosita is kind of sick, just a stomach bug. but when they go to the infirmary, turns out a lot of people got it. dr. Dante learns his zombie apocolypse. lesson that even a minor stomach bug can be a big deal. this illnesses could be related to the fact that the whisperers are dumping zombie guts in the river, although it seems crazy Aaron wouldn't have immediately told everyone about it. Siddiq takes a nap with his baby. he's zooming in on his mouth again. what's wrong with Siddiq? well, he has a nightmare type thing. open your eyes, she says. and yeah, he's like in a nighttime. Alexandria, whatever happened with the whispers the day they put everyone's heads on pikes and made Sadiq watch? I think there was maybe more to it, because they're really building up his PTSD thing. Eugene's still on the radio, calling out on open frequencies to see if anyone's out there. this is tater bug over open air, surfing on these proverbial radio waves. any interested ear holes? come on back. and someone actually responds, yeah. this was teased at the end of season nine, someone was coming on the radio. and apparently it's some really nice sounding girl. obviously, you can't trust each other yet, so they don't share any real information, but they get a long talk going about life. and basically they're flirting. at the end of the date, Eugene tells her his name, and he's definitely got a radio girlfriend now. Suzy, she wants them to keep each other a secret for now while they build trust. makes sense. and maybe she's gonna be Eugene's girlfriend, or maybe she's part of a large evil group that's playing him. we'll see. back at the whispers, betas like negan didn't make it. guess he's not good enough to join us anyway. but then it's big, bad daddy neat and coming in with a grand old entrance, you best bring that extra-long tape measure on account of my fungus balls. negan really loves balls. he kneels down now, the swearing guilty, Game of Thrones style, and is apparently fully gonna join the whisperers. that's how episode six comes to an end. [Music], 