welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition in this video, were breaking down episode 6 of The Outsider after the fifth episode was released early. it feels like so long since we got another entry in the show, but the latest one definitely doesn't disappoint. it finally pulls all of the pieces together and ends on a big cliffhanger that teases what could be coming down the line. throughout this video, we're gonna be recapping the entire thing and giving our thoughts on it. and it's ending, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything potentially ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for breakdowns of the outside every week. and without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into our breakdown of episode six. okay, so episode six very much centers around the titular character wishing to put an end to the investigation by any means necessary. last week, Holly deduced that the monster currently living in Cherokee City fed on grief and with Ralph's getting rid of the loss of his son from his mind, he's now free of its trappings. the episode opens with Holly wanting to go see ralph about what she's concluded, as Arthur Conan Doyle had Sherlock Holmes state, once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth. Holly has ruled out pretty much everything, leaving only one possible outcome. we see a news report showcasing the death of Tracy Powell last week. we learned was complicit in the outsiders operation at the town. the fingerprints of the two girls that Heath was accused of killing are found in Tracy's car, which puts him in the position of being an accomplice. Powell helped her friend, the nurse Heath Hofstetter, and then had himself killed in a shootout due to the guilt which he was unable to live with. we learn in the episode that he and Heath were first cousins. and it becomes clear that Elle cuoco chooses people who can work and move closely with the person that they are mimicking. Powell's gun was unloaded, as we know, and he did go to Hofstede his house in order to try and get some form of redemption. Powell did say that the outsider had screwed both him and Hofstadter over, and is likely that he will do the same to Jack, who plays a big role in this episode. while he gets a bus across the country because of Karl down last time, and she notices the boils and scarring on the back of Tracy's neck in a photograph, she too has a vision of the character who tells her to look out the front window. believing that the bus is crashing, she runs to the front screaming, but it's revealed that it's all in a head. this actually almost causes the bus to crash itself. and it gives the notion that if the characters get in the way, there could be worse consequences for them than what was originally going to happen. once more, it shows that the outsider is able to terrorize targets in their dreams and make them see things and visions. this has happened to several characters in the run so far, including Jessa Kahn's and of course, Ralph's wife, Jeannie. it is possible at Ralph's version of a son was a manifestation of the outsider. but personally, I believe it was actually a son as it left a hopeful message rather than the one of do not the outsider tends to bring Ralph does question this in the episode, but that's just how I took it. it keeps sending these visions because it wants the investigation to end. they're all costs. and similar to penny wise, it is able to manipulate people into leaving it alone. this was a big part of the book it in which the killer, Klown, would mentally manipulate the police into not looking further into the disappearances of children. and it's clear the outsider moves in a similar manner. while sits putting big roadblocks in the way. the biggest one actually comes in the form of Ralph, who refuses to believe that anything supernatural is going on. similar to the source material, he is the most difficult to convince and exemplifies how the outsider has managed to carry out its crimes for so long. often people leading the investigation won't believe what's going on. and this is showcased here. Jeanne protests at the drawing cement that Jessa's story is true. and she comes along to the big meeting to see Holly's theory. now I feel like I have to make a correction to a theory from last time. if you checked out our prior video, then you'll know we noticed that Jax sideburn lens changed throughout the episode. and this led us to believe that the outsider had taken on his appearance and left the real one in the woods screaming at trees. it looks like this was just a continuity error, as the jack we see in this entry no longer has his mutton chops. I even went back through the season to check how they appear from time to time, and yeah, it looks like they just messed up the length. that doesn't mean that the outsider isn't slowly turning into jack, but I think that the more likely conclusion is it is, in fact turning into the strip club bouncer el Coco is clearly closing in on him, and we learned that he's on parole as well. this would make him easy to frame, as those with a criminal past often look more suspicious. also, I have seen some people saying that this drawing is Jack, but it is more like Terry to me, due to the hair, which, as we see, disappears as the creatures face does. we know in the case of Terry that the outsider often cuts people to take their DNA and then use it to transform into them. and as this happened with the bouncer early on, and not in the case of Jack, it is more likely that this is what's going on. the outsider tends to pick its targets early due to the time it takes to transform. and as the bouncer was caught all the way back in episode 1, a definitely thing that that's what's going on. Jessa describes the outsider once more - newly formed professional sketch artist genie, who once again comes to the same conclusion. I kind of feel like at some points the series is dragging its feet a bit, and I don't know how many times we can go through this with the younger girl, as it seems to put forward the same conclusion every time. Jack goes and picks up Ollie and tries to get to the bottom of what she's discovered, but she rebuffs his request after realizing something seems off about him. we learn that Jack's wife walked out on him months ago, and though he says it was the happiest day of his life. his body language says otherwise. as we know, the monster, el cuoco feeds on grief and despair. and it could be that I pick Jack as a target in helping it move because he's just been through a massive amount of trauma. he writes, stop her in the black ooze. that has become a calling card of the character. but whether Jack actually does this a narc remains to be seen. after a therapy session, Holly presents all of the evidence with the group and draws the lines between everything. I wasn't invited to the meeting, but here's what I put together in terms of a timeline. so far, al cuoco moved to New York and murdered a child in the form of Maria. he then noticed he'd asked her out, and decided to meet him the next day for a date, after the two got it on. and then took his appearance and followed him across the country, where it met his cousin and used him to help collect the two girls. both then pinned the murders on and it took Terry's DNA and then followed him in the Maitland's across America and settled in Cherokee, where a kill Frankie Pearson and friend Terry Hawley, presents a pretty tight case, but glory completely uses it again. and feels like everyone is wasted their time going down this route. that sounds like a Stephen King novel. Ralph mirrors this - unable to believe that the apparent best investigator they could get has deduced that it's the boogeyman. every culture has its own version of Al cuoco. and when creating the book, King actually wanted to show how legends will perhaps form from our own superstition. I mentioned several times how King vu Ted Bundy is a vampire due to his ability to appear like a normal human on the outside, that it is need for flash underneath. what this episode does is that it says, our legends have their basis in reality. Vlad Tepes, the real-life tyrant that stoic countless people, would go on to inspire Dracula. and it is possible at a lot of our legends, such as vampires, witches and werewolves, come from people are acted this way and eventually became folklore. but this series does is that it takes that notion, which we know laugh at would say, is that in Israel, and that these creatures do exist and have for centuries. Jack gets more messages, this time almost in the form of a stigmata, and has a fight with his mother. this is a clear call back to the source material in which the characters parent died of cancer. knowing that he is scared the same thing will happen to him, the outsider actually gives Jack cancer and asks him to kill Ralph in exchange for ridding him of it. it's creepy as hell, and also kind of unintentionally funny. and no wonder the guy's so messed up. we do see that it's all in his head, as the attacks happened without her in the room at one point. and now something that the outsider is bringing back the dead. it really is just psychically manipulating them. we also learned that the outsider takes 27 days to transform. this, once more mirrors Pennywise, who took 27 years of hibernation between its attacks. the outsider sheds its skin like a snake. and is also lip service paid to the fact that it may not even be of this world. this could actually cement that the character may be from another planet. or dimension similar to penny wise, who landed on earth and then began feeding on us. I know you're rolling your eyes right now. they roll their eyes at Holly - Ralph flat-out won't believe that al cuoco exists, until Holly does a new trick that I'm gonna be doing with my iphone to see if my wife's had anyone over. this shows that al cuoco was in the house and did horn Jeannie. the metamorphosis leaves al cuoco in a vulnerable state, and this is why it requires a helper. it's also during this time that it sends out radio wave like messages to disturb people into leaving it alone while it recovers gory calls Ralph's over and says out loud that she thinks Terry may have even killed the child. clearly, she feels like she's betrayed her deceased husband. and it's one of the best acted scenes in the series so far, in my opinion. this shows that al cuoco has been able to convince those close to suspects for centuries, that they carried it out as the truth seemed so unbelievable. we joined Jack, whose neck looks like mac and cheese. and he lures Holly out to the barn where Terry's clothes were found. the character has had one of the worst nights of his life, and he looks like how I feel making these videos. he promises her some solid evidence and tells her not to tell the Andersons. also, I don't know why Holly doesn't instantly look at his face and figure out something is up, but she goes to the barn anyway, along the way, she sees the rash in his neck and knows that she's in trouble, with nowhere to go. Jack grabs the wheel and forces her in the direction of the barn. what happens next? well, Holly isn't killed by Jack, if that's what you want to know. and now that he's exposed himself, the net is closing in. with this being carried out by the character, it confirms Holly's theories that Ikuko is behind it all. and from the preview next week, it looks like the two are talking about the Beast and why has taken Jack. now, there is gonna be some spoilers for the book here. so if you don't want to know anything at all, as I know a lot of you just want to go into the episodes as blank as possible, then thanks for sticking with the video this fall, and hopefully I'll see you next week. in the source material, Jack actually gets a rifle and, at a sniper location, tries to shoot Ralph as he descends on up. cuccos hideout here. though I think they're gonna switch it up a bit and have this shootout take place at the barn. in the trailer for next week, Ralph says that he knows that Jack has taken Holly, and I think that this standoff will happen at the barn, with Holly being a hostage. he'll cuoco, as we know, is out in the woods, and it's unlikely that it would be hiding at the barn waiting for Holly. it also looks like Jack may be the one to end his own life, as he puts a gun in his mouth at one point. this, of course, marries Tracy, and he sort of did set this up in the prior episode. I don't think you'll get the chance though, and I think this shot is just something significant of his pain, rather than how he goes out. overall, the episode was a great watch, and I'm really glad they're finally pulling it all together. I feel like it's ramping up, and who knows, if the outsider loses, jack is an i in the next episode, and may be forced to step forward and reveal itself. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts in episode 6 and what you've thought of the season so far. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our big video yesterday, in which you would go over the insane details we noticed an Avengers end game after binge watching the MCU. so one of the best I've ever done. so please give it a watch after this. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. your access to content early. and we massively appreciate it, as goes a long way to helping videos like this get made. if you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey, I'll click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people who are subscribed to the channel. and this Monty can win. dr. sleep and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you subscribe with notifications on the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of February, and the selby shipped out from them to ever get surprise. so best of luck that every only takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. 