hey, what's up guys. the explanation pro is here. today i'll explain a neurotic comedy film titled what every french woman wants. spoilers incoming. the movie kicks off with mrs mueller and a 60 year old boy, roger, who returns home during his summer vacation. the two are riding a carriage to roger's household. upon setting his foot on the destination, the boy is greeted by his lovely mother. his mama notices his clothes, and the servant volunteers to wipe the dirt off of them. she reminds him that purity of the heart begins with clothing and shoes. a little girl excitedly gives roger a hug. she happens to be bertha rogers little sister. roger and their little girl go outside with a dog. they visit mr and mrs mueller on the farm. they see horses, dogs and fishes in the pond. mrs mueller approaches and introduces them to her husband. right after that, the old missus excuses herself or she must take a leak. a shock expression is written all over roger's face. he can't believe what he is witnessing. mrs mueller, slightly lifts her dress and pees like it is nothing, standing up. it was indeed a sight to see. the young lad disregards the idea as he ventures his way on the farm. he even spots mr mueller kneeling with a bouquet in front of a tomb of a woman he cannot seem to discern who. he accidentally steps on a twig while trying to hide behind a tree. with this he runs as fast as he possibly can, but the guy is a clumsy one, so he trips over and falls flat on his face. he immediately fixes himself after hearing a series of weird noises and giggling. somewhere nearby, on the other side of a huge rock, is a raised foot in a black boot, rocking back and forth. roger's curious about what the matter is, so he peeks his eyes widen with what he sees. it looks like one of his mama's servants is enjoying her spare time a little bit too much, eh, hiding behind a rock, shagging with a man he doesn't know who. roger beats a hasty retreat. later that night, when roger is about to sleep he hears a series of moans. again, he follows the sound, and it's coming from a room not too far from his. there, he observes how one of his mama's servants tossing a hot dog down the hallway. she is holding a tray of kettle and teacups, all clothed. then access nothing happened. it is helen, he thought. the boy comes back to his bedroom. he is not surprised to see his little sister in his bed, because he knows that she can be a little bit clingy sometimes. helen asks his opinion about aunt marguerite and how ugly mr frank is. roger has his eyes and interest at the thought of helen. he bites his lower lip as he imagines himself with her. he can fill her. he came back to reality after hearing bert's voice asking what the bulge beneath the sheet is. but he chooses not to tell her. roger also complains about how women pack the houses. a servant hears their voices, so she tells the siblings to sleep in their respective rooms, which bertha is not in favor of. she still did it anyway. the next day, roger and bertha decided to loaf around the area. they are talking behind a tree when a group of women walks into the scene to take a bath in a pond nearby. the siblings listen to their chit chats. when the three men who look like farmers arrive, they pee straight into the pond and talks about one of the women ursula's bum. she instantly stands up and lifts her skirt off, exhibiting her bare bottom to show her rump. the men look satisfied. yet there is roger, once again, stunned by what he saw. mr joso comes home from the factory that day together with roger's older sister alyssa. she is wearing a glorious pink dress, which suits her innocent face. she greets bertha gave her family a peck on the cheek. apart from roger, whom she gives a forehead kiss. their father is pretty business minded. he shows them his collections of military medals. he seems to be very proud of it. a servant calls them from lunch to be ready. so they all go to the dining room to eat a lavish meal together. it is a rare occasion for them to share a meal. and as much as the head of the family is always out for business. on mr joseph's way to the kitchen, he comes across an old photograph of him riding a horse. he says, it is a beast, that horse. it threw him after only 3 weeks of marriage. injuring him, he admits that he wanted to become a general, but had to retire because of his leg. since then he had to try to restore his military rank. simultaneously, roger follows one of the farmers to the barn. he watches as he passes a few sacks of what knots to a lever, up to the female servants. he is hiding between two narrow walls. he then absentmindedly stares at the figure of woman on top of him as they are dancing without any underwear on. he can see right through their dresses. his daydreams were interrupted by a former who shows him a mischievous grin and accuses him of peeking. he then amusesly threw a bundle of hay straight to his face. quite annoyed, roger left the place. bertha notices his brother, so she invites him to listen to father gabriel in the confessional. the little girl reveals that it has become her hobby since then the two lays on top of the confessional room as they listen to mrs mueller confessing. it doesn't last long because the woman is about to finish her confessions when they arrive. when mrs mueller leaves, so does bertha. he encourages his brother to enjoy it, because it can be funny at times. roger pays attention to the next person. it is aunt marguerite. she takes a sit on the confessional. she confesses something about swooning over his nephew. roger has a wild guess that it's probably him. the more he gets engaged in the talk, the more he moves and fidgets around. he doesn't realize his position. so he fell from the top of the confessional, surprising both his aunt and father gabriel. at home, her mother gives him a beating in front of the servants and his sisters. father gabriel gives him the punishment of ten lashes. he kneels with his backside out. that night, bertner tries to uplift his brother's mood by saying that what happened was because of the boredom and nothing else. she then departs the room to sleep on her own. another scenario is happening in one of the rooms nearby. a maid is being screwed. it's probably helen. she is just walking on the corridor when the door opens, lifts her skirt, and there is that. the maid leaves without any words. it looks like she has done it a couple of times, with her hips swinging like bamboos during a storm. she flees the place. on the other side is roger, who cannot help himself but to watch. a man passes by him when she is staring at the figure of the maid as it leaves. he doesn't care. roger decides to follow helen. when another maid notices him and asks if his bomb still hurts, he asks about helen, but the maid doesn't want him to know. roger then climbs up the attic where he meets uncle frank. there he observes not the stars, not the sun, moon or planets, but the two lovers horizontal refreshment in the backyard. he also notices a book full of stripped women. roger is a little intimidated about what he knows in growing up in a conservative household makes it hard for him to feel better about his sexual awakening. while the lad is on his way to his room, another temptation stops him from walking. it is his parents room, with yet again, weird noises coming out of it. mr romano, his sister's man, plans to tell his parents about it. in one condition, roger must obey whatever his orders are. he cleans his car, but also pranks him by putting the pail of water before him so he can fall and trip. he got his redemption, and he is satisfied with it. after getting the job done, he goes to the born to look at the book he hid there the other night. roger startled to see the lady got stuck in what is supposed to be a window. he attempts to save her, but she refuses. the boy gets out of the place. when he sees the former behind the lady, something's quite odd. the man just gives him its signature mischievous grin. on the other hand, mr romano drags roger down as the family gathers to discuss things. her mothers called her. while elissa grabs the book, roger tries to hide in the born. a while ago, his sister seems to like the content, because he saw her reading it. later that day, roger walks into the kitchen to meet ursula. he goes behind her, as he always sees men due to women in their household. but ursula suddenly smashes the plate on his head. she apologizes afterwards and continues with her work. roger immediately runs away from the area with one thing in his mind, he must get laid. it's now or never for him. desperate, he goes after mrs mueller. while mr mueller is praying at the altar, and she leans forward to grab his attention. but instead she feels roger on her back. she struggles to resist. so she allows him. but someone arrives with bad news. this makes mr mueller stand up and go towards the man. the news states germany declares war with france. despite the declaration of war, roger's father invites friends to celebrate their victory. this is something the young lad isn't fully aware of. there's only one thing running inside his head, and he won't waste any time to let that happen. one day, while ursula is working, roger makes his move. however, bertha catches him. so she follows her amorous brother, but she doesn't want to ruin his fun, so she waits outside. inside the room, ursula and the young master finally did it. that's roger's first and he feels amazing. on his way out, he notices bertha frowning. she teases him about what happened, but he doesn't give her a definite answer. the word spreads easily among women about what the young master and ursula did. they all want the taste of the young boy, and roger is enjoying it. his experience is increasing every day. one day with a fair lady by the pond, and even had the temptation to do it with his aunt. while they are listening to his parents do kings for their intercourse. uncle frank shows roger another device where he can see provocative pictures. once again, they are at war, but roger seems to be having a war as well. eventually, while at the horse ranch, roger does the hanky-panky with the lady grooming the horses. not long after, three women can be seen in one bed together with him. daylight comes, and elissa shares a secret to his brother roger, about her being pregnant, as soon as she said that, mr romano's aircraft flies around the villa. the entire family waits for him to land. he is from the war, so they adore him for his courage and his patriarchy. nevertheless, roger's in trouble. for ursula is also expecting a child, so he must marry her, still undecided who the father is. though not only does ursula's pregnancy, but delicious relationship with mr romano is on the line as well. he doesn't want to commit anything just yet, because his country needs him. this causes roger to make mr romano believe that elissa is not pregnant, so he can marry her without any doubts. aside from this dilemma, roger helps on marguerite to make her presence be fought by mr frank, whom she has feelings with. everything is going well, so roger treats himself to another fabulous night with the girls. after a few days, alyssa and mr romano say their vows to each other at the wedding before the groom departs for his duty. whereas roger bids his goodbye to everyone because his summer vacation has reached its end. as he collects his luggage, he figures out that helen is also pregnant, but is not expecting a husband to sustain her. the movie ends in front of the house where it also started. the servants with whom roger spent most of his vacation are also there to watch him retreat at last. before leaving, he hears his mother say, there are many temptations for a young man, especially in times of war. that was a very horny movie. thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and also subscribe to my channel for more videos like this. see you in the next video. 