welcome back to movie reviews. today, i am going to show you a comedy titled, that's my boy. spoilers ahead, watch out and take care. opening in the year 1984, 15 year old outgoing and rebellious child, donnie burger brags to his friends about scoring tickets to van halen. one of the friends suggests taking a girl who they think is cute, but dani declares he's not into girls anymore. he's into women. ms mcgarricle, the essentially hot teacher, is seen walking through the halls of the school, attracting the attention of many young boys. dani makes a very stupid move, trying to hit on her by inviting her to the concert and asking for a hand job, resulting in a month's worth of detention by ms mcgarrickle. in detention, however, ms mcgarricle comes on to dani, a very obviously inexperienced virgin, and invites him into her office where his friend can hear the action. we see that this affair continues over several occasions, culminating during a school assembly, where they are caught having sex behind the stage curtain. as ms mcgarricle runs away embarrassed, the entire student body and a few faculty members begin applauding donnie then give him a standing ovation as he runs up front and embraces his victory. miss mcgarricle is put on trial for statutory rape, having sex with a minor, where the judge sentences her to 30 years in jail because the affair has resulted in a pregnancy. donny's dad is pissed because the baby will be in his custody as a result of this scandal. dani becomes a nationwide sensation, getting a deal for a tv movie and becoming an overall celebrity. present-day, dani meets with a man named jim, nance who informs dani that he owes the irs 43 000 after skipping taxes since 1994. they both talk about dani son, whom he hasn't seen since he moved out. jim suggests donnie get him to help, but he doesn't think that'll do anything. jim also tells dani about an obese man running in a marathon, and the odds on him are eight thousand to one. dani then bets twenty dollars on him. in the next scene, we are introduced to todd and his fiance, jamie. he is so nervous about her overbearing and annoying parents coming over that he even has a spare pair of underpants with him. she tells him to relax. donnie goes to a strip club and talks to waitress bree and stripper champale. he sees a magazine with his son's picture, now very slim and having changed his name to todd peterson, and even making up a story that his parents died in an explosion. dani learns that his son is getting married and that he is a successful hedge fund manager. meanwhile, dani goes to see a guy named randall morgan for money. he bumps into vanilla ice, who hates dani for sleeping with his mom. they get into a fight, until randall breaks it up. he meets with dani privately and tells him that he is no longer relevant like he was when he was a kid. so donnie schemes to get his name back out there while scoring some money. randall tells him to get his son to come with them to the prison where his mother is for a reunion special, and donnie will get 50 000. todd takes jamie and her family to stay at his boss's house. as they are having lunch, donnie appears and freaks todd out. he pretends donnie is his old friend, giving donnie the opportunity to come up with an outrageous story about how he saved his life, which the family seems to believe. todd pulls donny into a room to talk to him about how he was an awful father and he needs to go away so he won't ruin his wedding. but dani asks todd to give him a chance, as well as going to see his mother in prison, making up a story about how she is terminally ill. todd tells him to wear a tie for a cocktail party that's about to happen. dani puts on a tie, but looks as informal as he can. he does manage to make an impression on steve and his mother, along with other guests. he tells the guests about the made-up story about saving todd. he also meets a co-worker of todd's named phil and his wife. phil admits that he had no idea why todd picked him as the best man, so he passes it to dani. dani then notices a baseball field nearby and has everybody go play. this makes todd nervous because he can't play sports, and it shows as he gets hit in the throat during the game. that night, donnie hears jaime yelling at todd to get the cake, showing how whipped he is. dani sees him in the shower wearing a swimsuit, revealing an old tattoo of new kids on the block with warped heads, which dani finds hysterical. they suddenly get into a tickle fight, which becomes awkward when donnie waves his boner in todd's face. chad comes in and thinks they're wrestling, so he starts wrestling todd, only to get knocked out by a bottle. later, he whacks off to steve's mom, who used to be a model. he admits to being turned on by the old woman now, as opposed to the picture of her younger self. in the morning, she and todd find all the used tissues on his bed. everybody goes to church for a rehearsal with father mcnally. he says he is sorry todd's dad couldn't be there, and todd says he deserved his imaginary fate of dying at a car explosion. mcnally berates him for speaking of his father like that, when he didn't abuse him. so todd insults him. this leads to a fight outside and todd getting his ass kicked, until dany knocks out the priest with a bottle. the family is pissed at todd for provoking the priest, but dani saves him by telling the family that todd had a bad experience with churches after his dad's death. so he is forgiven, and they decide to have the wedding at steve's home. as they are preparing at the home, nani learns that there will be a bachelor party. it turns out phil booked a party at a men's treatment spa, bringing donnie, todd, chad, steve and jamie's dad, gerald. donny hates the place because he is not getting pleasures even trying to proposition the masseuse. he decides to take the guys to the strip club, where they all get drunk and get lap dances. brie appears and tells todd she knows he is dani's son, but it'll be a secret. chad steve and gerald go home, while phil gets head from a stripper. donny and todd leave to bond. dani gives todd an earring that ms mcgarrick gave him, though he makes him bleed while putting it in. they run into vanilla eyes, who was known to todd as uncle v as a kid, working at a skating rink. dani apologizes to ice for sleeping with his mom, and he forgives him. they then go into the rink. after smoking a bong, messing with the skaters along with todd bridges, who also works there. they go to a convenience store and drink beer without paying, and get chased by the clerk with a shotgun, though he joins them in creating chaos as well, including stealing a little girl's bike to teach todd how to ride, even though he hits a car and interrupts an old couple having sex. they return home, and dani tells todd he loves him, but todd doesn't appear to feel that way about him yet. ice passes out on the front lawn. as they go inside. dani ends up having sex with steve's mom, while todd sees jamie's wedding dress, thinking it's her, and starts humping it. he wakes up to jamie screaming about the dress covered in puke, along with semen, which jamie discovers after licking it. she yells at todd and tells him to send the dress to the dry cleaners and to take off the earring. ice then comes in after hearing the commotion, then goes back to banging steve's mom. donnie makes jamie's family and the two chinese servants breakfast. when he gets a call from todd. he tells him that he left donnie a present and is going to see his mom in prison. donnie rushes to stop him, but ms mcgarricle is already coming to talk to todd and donnie. she is still in love with donny, and he still wants her back. that's when randall and his crew come in and take the reunion, which angers todd. as he realizes what's really going on, he leaves, but not before hitting donny and getting tasered. and he craps his pants because todd didn't sign the release form, dani will not get paid. dani goes home and hears jamie on the phone with steve learning that she is cheating, he goes to the rehearsal dinner at night and tries telling todd, but she manages to make up a cover story. he leaves again shamed, as jamie and chad leave. kenny, a very creepy guy who goes to the strip joint, tells dani to go after jaime and try and win her forgiveness. he gets into the hotel room, after the clerks recognize him as the kid who banged his teacher. he goes up with two ice cream cones. when he hears jaime having sex. after sneaking in through the window, he discovers that jaime is having sex with none other than chad. donny is understandably grossed out, telling chad he is a disgrace as a marine, until jaime says that he only buys those outfits so their dad won't find out he's a jazz dancer. dani starts leaving to tell todd, but jamie says she will give him money to keep his mouth shut. donnie calls jim and tells him that he got the money. but he opens todd's gift and discovers it's an oven mitt puppet from his childhood. this inspires donnie to move on and stop the wedding. he rounds up eyes and they get to the wedding in time. that's when donnie and todd reveal that they are father and son. and donny rips jamie's check, saying he'd rather go to prison than take her money. he forces her to tell todd about her affair with chad through a whisper. but todd is so grossed out that he blurts it out to everybody. and donnie reveals she is also sleeping with steve. jamie grabs a cake knife and starts running toward todd, but donnie knocks her out with a bottle. chad tries to attack, but he is knocked out by father mcnally. donny, todd and ice leave together. sometime later, donnie and todd are having a little going to jail party at the strip club. todd is now with brie, and dani accepts that he'll be going to jail for three years, because by then miss mcgarricle will be done with her sentence and they can get together again. just then, jim comes in and tells dani that the fat guy they bet on is running the marathon. since dani placed the bet, the money would come to 160 000. the patrons all cheer him on as the fat guy wins the marathon, and therefore dani will now have enough to avoid prison. make sure to subscribe and turn on post notifications so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. 