welcome to the mana recaps. this is the Walking Dead, Season ten, episode seven, and what an episode it was. something actually happens. so if you don't want spoilers, go watch it now. the episode title is, open your eyes, which is what Sadiq heard someone whispered to him in his PTSD dreams. so hopefully we'll finally get some closure on sadik's poor mental issues. first things first, though, the whisper that Carol and Daryl captured last episode, they bring him in for questioning. Lydia gives them some advice that the whisperers are fully brainwashed in alphas cult. so, you know, no amount of torture is gonna make him crack. but if he could see that alexandra is a really nice place to live, he might be like, oh my god, why am i living in the woods wearing zombie masks? so Carol butters him up with some bread and jam, and it seems like that's gonna work. but, oh, he was just playing her. yeah. this guy's just fully committed whisperer. so Carol goes in for some like torture. but long story short, that doesn't work either. although they do learn one very interesting thing that alpha told halt the whisperers that she killed Lydia. so a plan hatches. if they could show the whisperers that Lydia is still alive and their glorious leader, alpha lied to them, oh, they might have a mutiny on their hands. unfortunately, before they could bring Lydia to this guy, oh, something's wrong. he dead. yeah, Dante gave him some healing herbs, but those are hemlock, a poison. it wasn't Dante's fault though. it was Sadiq who packed the bag. yes, it eeks been having a real rough time. his flashbacks are worse than ever. and now with so many people in alexandria randomly sick, he's just not getting any sleep. meanwhile, at the border, it's Erin and Gama on guard duty. they're starting to talk to each other, try to be friends. of course, gamma was instructed by alpha to pretend to be friends with him to, you know, get information and stuff. Erin, though, was just too friendly a guy. he starts to break down her barriers, especially when he starts talking about siblings, cuz she sacrificed her own sister to save alpha, and she's definitely starting to regret that alpha has a check in with her to make sure she's not cracking. and they do the whips on the arm ouch. so when gamma goes back, she just grabs Aaron with a knife, like, he'll tell me everything. but just then it's Carol who comes around the corner with Lydia. Jemma sees that Lydia is alive, and, boom, Perrine explosion. alpha lied to she runs off into the woods. Lydia those like, wait a minute, Carol, were you just gonna use me? I'm nobody's pawn. I'm going off on my own, back at Alexandria, the nice old lady sadik's been treating. oh no, she dies. said he couldn't save her. and he's having a serious panic attack now, he just runs and jumps in the river. Rose Eva jumps in there to pull him out. remember, these two have a baby together, and even though they're not romantically together, I guess they're still real close. and, you know, they had a good talk, the kind of heart-to-heart you have on the walking dead if you're about to die. she beats a little swim though, gives them an idea how, wait a minute. maybe people are sick because of the drinking water. you think, yeah, I guess Alexandria has some sort of filtration system. and the levers point to drinkable or undrinkable. and on one of the pipes, turns out the lever was bent. it was pointing the wrong way. city claims himself it's because he's been so distracted that he didn't realize the water was going the wrong way. his best bro Dante, comes to cheer him up. like, hey, man, it's not your fault. Dante gives him a real nice pep talk here. and I've come to really love Dante over the course of this season. I feel bad about back in episode one, accusing him of being an undercover whisperer, except I was totally right. Yeah. right after they hug, Dante does a little tongue click, tick, and Siddiq, boom, remembers, that's what the Whisperer did, who was holding him, and made him open his eyes. Oh, mind blown. they have an intense stare down, but sadik's got no poker face. Dante knows the jig is up. and, oh god, they're having a fight. Dante's choking Sidique out, and he's like, I'm sorry, man. I really did like you. this isn't how I wanted it to go. but yeah, Sadiq is dead. so there ya have it, Dante killed Sadiq. he's an undercover whisperer agent. that means it was Dante who intentionally sabotaged the water and killed the prisoner before he could talk. it seemed truthful that he did really like Sadiq and didn't want to have to kill him. but on the other hand, I guess he's working to bring down all of Alexandria. it's hard to imagine how a normal, cool guy like Dante could ever, like, be a whisperer, but I guess alphas got her people just like, very much brainwashed. and if they got a sleeper agent inside out Andrea, maybe there's one at the hilltop or Oceanside. to next week is episode 8, which, if I'm not mistaken, is the mid-season break. so, you know, it's gonna be a biggie. [Music], 