hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the story of the movie the collection, part 1. at the start of the film, we see a couple who returned home after an outing somewhere. suddenly, they see a box and get shocked. that how it got into their home. a voice was heard from the box. when the person opens it up, a killer was present in it. he attacks that person. then the scene gets changed to a boy. his name is arkhan, who is the main character of the movie. he works at someone's home. that family included a total of four people. the little girl was named hannah. recently, they got shifted to a new home where they were going for repairing. hannah's father comes to arkhan and asks him to repair the door upstairs. arkhan goes upward to fix the door, but hannah comes to him and asks him to play. leaving his work incomplete, he goes out with hannah. arkin asks hannah that which type of gift she expects from others? she replies, teddy bears. that's why i would like to take teddy bears as a gift. hannah's father comes there and asks arkhan about work progress. he replies that i was along with hannah, i also have a daughter like hannah. then he brings a gift of a teddy bear for his daughter. his daughter gets very happy after receiving a teddy bear. here we come to know the financial condition of the family, which was very severe, and they had taken a lot of loans to survive. they only had one night left for returning the loan. her wife asks him that how would you manage such huge amount of money in very short time? he replies that i would arrange the money till night at any cost. arkhan visits a robber who asks him to rob the diamond of the family who he works for. he says that i will hand over 50 share of the diamond to you. arkhan agrees with it, keeping all the necessary belongings with him. arkhan goes for stealing, but a dog starts barking at him. arkhan gets surprised after seeing the dog, because that family had no dog. he somehow manages to enter the home. he tries to open the locker containing that diamond. then he whispers someone's voice. arkhan then hides. we see that there was a serial killer who had entered the house after listening to the voice of his footsteps, he starts finding arkhan. when he looks out for going, he notices five locks on the door, which meant that he was unable to go outside. then arkhan remembers his family that how would they pay loan. he goes back to the locker and tries to open it again. then he hears someone shouting. it was felt as if someone was being tortured. he follows that voice and finds that it was hannah's father, whom someone was badly torturing. when her father sees him, he thinks as if it was all planned by arkhan. that's why he tries to hit arkhan with something lying near. a rope gets stretched and his father gets hanged to it. now it was clear that the killer had made traps at every location of the house so that no one could escape. then that killer frees hannah's father and takes him along. when arkhan sees that, he decides to leave that place. he tries to call the police, but a needle was put in the receiver, which hurts him, because that killer had put a trap in the phone so that no one could make a call. then he tries to move out of the window, but his fingers get trapped in a blade. he gets hurt by that, but he somehow manages to take his hand from the trap. he sees that every place was full of traps. then he enters the basement. he finds hannah's father tied up. he explains to him that he is here to help him. that's why you must not shout. then he asks him about his wife and children. he says that, my wife is kept in a room, and my elder daughter has gone to the party, while hannah is hiding somewhere. then he tells him that a gun is placed in the locker, using which you can kill the killer. then he tells him the password of the locker. though he finds the gun. after opening the locker, he finds that there is no bullet in the gun. he also hides diamonds from the locker so that he could pay all his loans after selling it. then we see that the killer tortures hannah's father so much that he kills him. then he hangs him upwards and cuts his intestine out. he listens to a voice in the cupboard and thinks that hannah might be hiding there. when he opens the cupboard, he finds a box. then he opens up the box. the same person appears from the box, whom we saw at the start of the movie. arkhan asks him that what does the killer wants? he tells that killer collects the human he captures the one he likes, but kills everyone else. he shouts and says arkhan to run away. then arkhan puts him back in the box. then he sees the open window of the other room, but his shoes stick to the floor. the killer had put the glue all over the floor. a cat was also stuck in the glue. he tries to help that cat and throws her out of the window. but when cat about to go out, she gets cut by a cutter. when the killer comes upward. after listening to the cat, arcane hides in the bed. when the killer moves, arkhan comes back to hannah's mother and relaxes her. he also instructs her that you should not see here and there. when he was taking hannah's mother out, they see blood. she sees the dead body of her husband and starts shouting to save themselves. they move upward, but the killer appears and makes her injured. arkhan hides someplace and sees the killer, who was having a spider in his hand, which meant that the killer liked the spiders very much. the killer sews the mouth of hannah's mother so that she may not shout again. arkhan now moves upward. he decides to jump from the window so that he may run. then the car stop in front of the house which had hannah's elder sister. she came there along with her friend. arkin shouts and forbids her to come inside, but she was unable to listen to the arkhan. when the killer realizes someone outside, then he opens the locks, and henna's sister comes inside along with her friend. they both go into the kitchen, but the killer sees them looking at this is an opportunity. arkhan tries to hide inside the table so that he could inform hannah's sister about the killer. hannah's sister sees the killer and gets frightened. her friend comes forward to fight the killer, but he puts him in a trap, falling upon which he dies. then the killer attacks hannah's sister, but her sister had already called the police. he holds her sister and ties her throat with a wire. he also tortures her. arkhan moves upward and sets up the alarm. listening to the alarm, the killer moves upward. now arkin frees hannah's sister. her sister gets shocked after seeing arkhan there. she thinks of arkhan as a killer and takes out a scissor. but she falls upon a trap in doing so, and she gets died. arkhan gets worried by that. then he moves to the person who was in the box. when he tries to pull him up, he finds that the killer had put hooks on his feet. that's why he was unable to bring him along with him. he breaks the window and comes out. he runs away, but then he sees hannah, who was seeking help from the window. arkhan falls in mercy, as he also had a daughter. that's why he comes back to save hannah. the killer was about to kill hannah that arkhan approaches there and attacks the killer. arkhan and hannah hide at a place. he tells her that we would capture the killer in a trap. we would put water on the floor, and you would throw tv on the floor, so that the killer may die of electric shock. but the killer knows about their trap, and he throws that old man in the trap, and the man dies of the current. arkhan tries to escape with hannah, but the killer follows them. he was able to send hannah to a safe place, but the killer holds him. when he wakes up, he finds himself tied. he asks the killer to kill him, but free that girl. please don't hurt her. but he doesn't reply him. in fact, he breaks his teeth with a hammer. arkhan was in pain. then we see a police officer outside the house, who was there because hannah's sister made a call to the police. when he sees from the windows, he finds blood and dead bodies inside. the killer comes out and tries to distract the police officer. he also orders his dog to attack the police officer. arkhan finds the opportunity and he frees himself. arkhan sees that the killer has made a trap that would blast the house. the killer takes his dog inside the house to find hannah. arkhan makes a good move and burns the dog. arkhan goes to the killer and fights with him. he makes the dog injured and tries to escape with hannah. arkhan finds a mirror and puts that in front of the door. when the killer comes there, he sees their reflection and thinks as if they were in front of him. killer shoots them, and arkhan cuts the wire of his trap. the light fixture falls upon the killer. arkhan takes the keys and moves outside with hannah. police arrive there and rescues them both after taking control. when he was in the ambulance, he takes out the diamond from his pocket. he was happy that he steal that, and all of his loans would be vanished off. now arkhan asks the nurse to call his wife, but then the killer arrives and strikes the ambulance. the killer arrives at the arkhan. arkhan requests him to let him talk to his wife once. but the killer doesn't listen to him. he puts him in the box and takes him along, which meant that he chose arkhan for the collection. part one of the film ends. [Music] here you 