[Music], what we gonna break down when we break down all the messed up [ __ ]. I asked shall which I wanted to see in million, this was one of the top contenders, irreversible. I always knew about this movie. why? well, because it has the most disturbing, long taken rape scene in film history. the film is shown in Reverse, detailing the rape of a woman named Alex and the vigilante work to get revenge on the rapist by her boyfriend and her ex-boyfriend. when I say it is shown in Reverse, I mean you literally see the death of the rapist first, and then you see the rape, and then you see the events preceding the rape. normally, you would see things chronologically, but the director who decided to present things in a weird way regarding time and events. since this is a serious concern with what we see in the plot, I'm gonna recap it chronologically. it would be pretty confusing for me to do it how you would view it. so keep in mind what happens in this movie. the title itself is a viewer discretion. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown. so normally this is the end of the movie, but chronologically, this is the beginning of events. we see a woman named Alex reading a book called and experiment with time. time seems to be a big part of this movie. the movie officially ends with this strobe light effect. but don't look too long. real curse you. a title card says, time destroys all things. later, Alex just got done doing the dirty with her boyfriend, Marcus. there seems to be a party later on, and Alex's ex-boyfriend named Pierre is coming too. Marcus stole her from Pierre, apparently. after Marcus goes to get some booze, Alex takes a home pregnancy test to confirm that she is pregnant. and she is happy to see that positive result. sometime later, Alex, Pierre and Marcus are on the elevator on their way to the party. in here, though the hallway, and in the public transportation, they just talk about sex in orgasms. you can tell from the body language though, that it's a weird little love triangle here. once they get to the stop, they are literally off to go stupid, go crazy at the party. the party is full of drugs, booze and sex, something that markets fits right into. but Pierre is kind of shy. Marc is freely cheats on his girl and gets high and everything. meanwhile Pierre is just standing there like stereotypical introverts. where is Alex at? though she is shaking her fine ass on the dance floor, getting ID super hard by Pierre. he wants her back, but Marquis ain't having it. soon, Alice starts getting real annoyed with Marcus because he's stupid high and acting like an idiot. long story short, she's so annoyed that she wants to go home, deciding to leave without him. he does say, I'll take you home, but that seems either more like when he's ready, or it could be now, Pierre also tries to walk her home, but she says, nothing will happen. his last words to her in this movie is, don't go alone. it's not safe. so Alice is on her way home. she calls for a taxi, but nobody's taking any fares. a woman says, the underpass here, it's safer. she does what the woman says, going through probably the most disturbing corridor in film history, a man and a prostitute named kocha walked through, but she says something that makes him mad and gets beaten right in front of Alex. the messed up thing is that, because Alex was looking, his attention is not one hurt. she calls for help when he gets grabby, but she's completely under his control. when he brings out the blade, the man decides that he's gonna do whatever he wants, which is sodomizer. okay, so I'm not gonna show this scene. I can't. only three films have made me cry somewhere during this disturbing series. those films are bully, no child of mine. and this one, this scene is like so raw that I kept peeking in my mind you were academia posters, just to not be immersed in this rape scene. eventually, the tears were just about to come out because of me thinking how nobody deserves to go through something like this. probably the worst scene I've ever seen like this. the close second is, I Spit on Your Grave. it's a long take that goes on for about nine minutes. the only thing that brought me out of this state of despair was imagining Jennifer Hills sodomizing him with a metal pipe. after he finishes, he doesn't let her go without hurting her more. and beasts are unconscious until she can be found later. Marcus and Pierre leave the party hearing a big commotion saying some [ __ ] got raped. Marcus then sees Alex being carried away on the stretcher, and it's just broken at the sight of it. Pierre is questioned by the police, trying to see if anybody at the party or anywhere else, could have purposefully targeted Alex. but Pierre is a bit absent-minded. once he gets out, he stands with Marcus, who was just both baffled and broken. some random guy comes up to them, though, concerned with the attack because this is his turf. yeah. he's a gangster named Mourad, and he has Marcus, if he wants to punish the rape, is better than a jail cell. would who wouldn't after saying that? and so Murad and his homeboy, we'll help him find the rapist if they receive some monetary compensation. they got a lead, because there was a purse left at the scene holding Aidid with the name guillermo newness. either that could be the rapist, or as somebody who can help find him. keep in mind, Marcos is still high in plus he's very, very angry. Marcos, Pierre and the two gangsters searched for this guillermo Nunez. but this person is actually that prostitute that the rapist was hitting on before he attacked Alex. she is transsexual, and his name Concha. on the streets, he basically forces her to tell her with a rapist twin. the rapist supposedly goes by the name tapeworm. and Concha says the tapeworm is probably at this gay BDSM club called the rectum. but she gets saved from any more questioning by her peers. the quad group split up to search for the club, with our two main characters stealing a taxi because the driver didn't know where the rectum was. I know that it was pretty scarring for Marcus, but he's an [ __ ] on drugs right now. Pierre is trying his hardest to even keep Marcus under control. but Pierre is just suppressing his anger right now. eventually, Marcus finds out with the rectum is from two people. but peers like, let's just go see Alex in the hospital. but Marcus destroys the cab and forces Pierre to bring his ass. we follow the funny camera showing the extreme homosexual BDSM, Club is crazy in there. plus, there's a very strong anxiety inducing rhythm playing during this entire club scene. sounds like this. [Music]. imagine that in your ear as you venture through this dark sex dungeon. eventually, Marcus and Pierre paid again, looking for tapeworm. he goes all around asking any of these sex-crazed people if they'd seen tapeworm. he gets led downstairs and out they're asking like dirty people. he gets into a fight with someone who is probably Taylor. well, it does kind of look like that rapist, huh? well, actually, it's the guy on the right. yeah. this guy on the right is the real rapist. Marcus gets into a fight with the look-alike, but gets his ass handed to him effortlessly, and his arm is broken. the look-alike then plans on raping him right in front of the club patrons, but right before he does, Pierre comes in and smashes his head in with a fire extinguisher, not once, not twice. he completely destroys this man's skull. this man, Pierre, was broken just as much as Marcus to see something like that, and completely let loose on this guy. the police are now on the way, but we see - OH, - men sitting in their apartment right above the rectum club. this man here's the butcher, and we actually will see him in another disturbing breakdown. yeah, that's right. he's a part of the French extreme cinematic universe. from the movie I stand alone, directed by the same guy, he mitches the past movie in which he had incest with his daughter. he also says the tagline of the movie, that time destroys everything. they both hear the sirens outside and attribute the commotion to the rectum Club. outside, paramedics bring out Marcus on the stretcher, and the club patrons inside say the most messed up and sauce to him, like, I hope you get raped in prison, and I hope it hurts, stuff like that. they say the same thing to Pierre, who was brought outside in handcuffs. so guys, the movie starts officially with the scenes showing the butcher, but chronologically, this is the final scene of the movie. Marcus, after singing, is girlfriend after her attack, decided to take revenge in his own only to be beaten and almost attacked himself. pierre saw the same site, and despite trying to stay calm, he succumbed to murder. the issue is that the man that was murdered was the wrong man, so the rapist got off free. it's kind of messed up, you know, how someone can do something so evil and get away with it. but, you know, however, you know, we don't know what Alex had in her purse. she probably could have had a goddamn hatchet for all we know. you know, it's just sometimes situations in life are just terrible. we get dealt the wrong cards. even sadder is that what happened to Alex could literally be happening to someone right now as you're hearing me talk. so now that we got through this movie, let's talk about the most disturbing and most enjoyed moment in that spooky stuff. [Music] looks disturbing. film for spooky rights to cover. irreversible easily. well, at least this year. Salah, move over your gross this isn't for me, a Serbian film. move over your being a try heart. irreversible, is it? for me, the attack on Alex was just kryptonite for me. most disturbing moment. I don't want to talk about it no more. you already know that. most enjoy moment is non-existent. I'm just left in the state of despair, almost. but I do just wish there was an alternate version where Jennifer Hills ventured across the disturbing multiverse and just brutally murdered every rapists call it I Spit on Your Grave in-game. so that's it. yeah, I was pretty drained from his movie, but I expected it long before I started watching. I was in the mood to see some vigilantism. and I know violence isn't always the answer, but I'm sorry, I can't help it. if you've got the same maybe you would enjoy seeing my homegirl, Ellen Page, bully, a pedophile, murderer and hard candy. or maybe you would like to see Korean intelligence agent su-eun murder, the serial killer who kills and rapes countless women off the books. thanks for watching. spooky out 