Welcome to Thriller Recapped, Today, I will show you an American Mystery Thriller film called \xe2\x80\x9cSecret Window\xe2\x80\x9d, Spoilers Ahead, watch out and take care. The movie starts with, Captain Jack Sparrow, I mean, Morton Rainey, he is a mystery writer and has published many books, he talks to himself about not going back to his wife, he seems to be in pain and shock, then he couldn\xe2\x80\x99t resist so he reverses the car back to a Motel. He then grabs a key from the front desk, and he leaves. He goes to a Motel room, and there he finds his wife, Amy, having an affair with his friend, Ted. Six months Later, after the incident, Morton is living in an isolated cabin at Tashmore Lake New York. Morton is suffering from Depression and Writer\xe2\x80\x99s block, which is like Burnout, and he is delayed in writing new books. A man named, John Shooter, arrives to his cabin, and he accuses him of stealing his story, Morton denies it and he says he will never take accusations about plagiarism lightly. Shooter then tries to give him his own manuscript as a proof, but Morton closes the door. He then leaves, then Morton tries to remember his license plate. Once Shooter leaves, he goes out and he finds that the guy left the manuscript outside his door. Manuscript is named, Sowing Season., by John Shooter. He then dumps it in the trash, and he tries to sleep again. Later, he asks his dog, if he can give him any suggestions to continue the book. He looks at his manuscript and he thinks that he no longer possesses any abilities to write anything good. Tired from everything, he erases what he just wrote. Later, his maid tells him that she found his story in the trash, so she took it out. He reads few lines in it, and he learns that it is very similar to his own story called, Secret Window. He panics and drops the drink. He apologizes to the maid, but she feels bad that his manuscript is ruined, he denies it by saying he didn\xe2\x80\x99t write this, and that it is written by John Shooter. He then reads his own work; he is shocked to see the story to be exactly the same. He gets a vision of his wife; she opens a window, and she tells him it\xe2\x80\x99s a secret window. He feels like smoking, and he assures his dog that he didn\xe2\x80\x99t steal the story, the maid shows up and she assures him that his wife did a mistake by cheating, and some women don\xe2\x80\x99t realize when they have the whole world in front of them, and she leaves. Once she leaves, he goes downstairs, still telling himself that he didn\xe2\x80\x99t steal the story. He then gets a strange vision in his sleep. He wakes up from a phone call. Amy, is worried about his well-being, and she wants to know if he is doing, ok? And if their dog is doing well. He then asks her about his story, Secret Window, he asks her if she shared his story with anyone and she cannot recall, he asks her to meet up with Ted for some drinks, but she is not interested and she is happy with his friend Ted. He wishes them luck to live in the house that he bought from his money, and he hangs up, only to blame himself again for everything. The next day, he goes to the woods, and he finds John Shooter there waiting for him, Morton wants to know when Shooter wrote his version of the book, since he wants to know who wrote the story first, Shooter claims that he wrote the story 7 years ago in the year 1997, and he then starts roasting him like Beef. Morton claims that he wrote the story in 1994, it means he wrote it 3 years before him, and he invalidates all the accusations of Shooter. Shooter threatens him that he will go to his house in New York, and say hi to his wife, Morton reveals that he is in middle of a divorce, and he is no longer the owner of the house. Shooter warns him that beef with him only ends in one of them dying, and then he gives him 3 days to prove that Morton wrote the Book first or he will take him down. Later that day, Morton is in disbelief, and he asks his dog that despite being a blind dog he still loves him, but then why nobody who can see loves him. The dog hears something, and he goes outside. Morton is taking a nap, and he gets another vision, that he fell from the height. He wakes up and he finds a note outside the door. He discovers that the light bulb is broken, he then goes out to investigate, and he finds a note from Shooter issuing him a warning and telling him not to go to police. Under the note, he finds his dog stabbed to death. The next day, he makes a grave for his dog. Later, he goes to Sheriff Newsome, and informs him about the note and his dog. Sheriff seems to be as if he is avoiding the main topic, Morton wants him to talk with Shooter and he wants just peace nothing else, but Sheriff talks about everything except the Topic. Later that day, he goes to his friend, a Private Investigator, Ken Karsch. They talk a bit, and it turns out, Morton was accused earlier as well, and Ken took care of him, so he wants him to help him this time as well. Morton claims that he has original copy of the book that he wrote 2 years before John Shooter wrote his version. Unfortunately, the book is at Amy\xe2\x80\x99s house, and they both are no longer together. Ken jokes about it by saying you must have pounded other girls, in reality, Amy was pounding other guy. Then he apologizes and Ken assures him that he will check on his house. Later, Morton goes back to his old house for the manuscript, he sees Amy and Ted. Disgusted from the couple, he decides to leave from there. Later that night, he gets back to his cabin, and he finds a car there. He goes next to it, and he finds Ken dead. However, the only thing that is dead, is his Humor. Then they search the cabin, and they don\xe2\x80\x99t find anyone there. Morton claims that a guy named, Tom, saw him and Shooter earlier when they were talking. Ken assures him that nothing will happen, and he decides to leave. Morton asks him where he is staying overnight, and it turns out, Ken will be living in the same Motel, where Morton found his wife cheating. Once Ken leaves, Morton hears a noise from upstairs, he grabs a poker from the fireplace, and he goes upstairs but no one is there. Then in the washroom, he sees a shadow in the mirror. Upon hearing no response, he goes there and swings the hammer but only to break the mirror. He then breaks the shower door, and he finds a mouse there. He then carefully grabs the mouse, and a cigarette that he is trying to stop. He goes outside and frees the mouse, Shooter says, I thought you stopped smoking, revealing he knows about him more than he thinks. Shooter says that you went to Amy\xe2\x80\x99s house but why you didn\xe2\x80\x99t take the Book. Shooter wants him to fix the ending of his version of the book, where the protagonist kills his cheating wife. He then mentions his wife by saying she is Spicy, Morton attacks him, but Shooter overpowers him, and he threatens that he will go after his wife, if he won\xe2\x80\x99t fix the ending in the book. The next day, Morton gets a call from Amy, she is freaking out, and she tells him that someone burnt their house. Morton goes there knowing that now his original copy of the book is burnt. Amy and Ted arrive there, Detective talks to them and reveals that the fire was started by using a Molotov Cocktail. He asks them if they\xe2\x80\x99ve any enemies, they say no, but Morton tells them about Shooter. The Insurance investigator gives them a list of items that they can claim, and since they both filed for the divorce, the items will be distributed in half. Morton seems stressed from topic of his divorce, but the investigator assures him that he will be fine, and she went through it as well. As they both go through list, Ted seems to be nosy about the list, then Morton asks him to leave the room, and he is forced to leave, since the items does not belong to him. Later, Amy is afraid of Shooter and, she wants him to pay him off, like they did last time when one person accused him as well, he assures her that nothing will happen. Then Ted and Morton talk about the relationship, Ted wants him to disappear from their life. Morton asks him where the couple will go after the house is burnt, Ted replies, a place called Shooter, Morton recalls that the full name of other guy is John Shooter. Later that night, Morton gets back to the cabin, and he gets a call from Ken, they talk a bit, that the only proof he had is burnt in the fire. However, Ken reveals that he found a magazine that published his story which will prove his innocence and it will arrive a day after. Further, Ken tells Morton that he went to the guy named Tom, and he claims that Tom was scared when Shooter was mentioned, so they speculate that Shooter might have threatened him. Morton claims that Ted might be involved since he gave him a hint with the name shooter. Ken suggests that they should meet Tom the next day and make him spit everything, Ken then prepares to see Tom. The next day, Morton wakes up late and he missed the meeting time, and then he finds out that his car keys are missing, he then prepares to leave, and he finds a Hat that shooter used to wear, outside the door. He also goes to his car, and he finds it on. Surprisingly he finds a Cigarette bud in it. He takes the hat as evidence. He goes to the place they agreed on meeting, he asks the cashier, and he learns that Ken didn\xe2\x80\x99t show up. On the way back, Morton spots Ted at a gas station, he didn\xe2\x80\x99t expect him to be there, so he reverses the car, and he confronts him, Ted says that he was coming there to meet him, and then he demands that Morton should sign the divorce paper. Since the beginning, Morton is hesitant to sign the papers and he still thinks that he can get his wife back, so he rages up, and he speculates that Ted is working for Shooter, and he leaves. He gets back to home, sooner, he gets a call from Shooter, asking him to meet at the same place for a special gift. Morton goes there in sports mode, he arrives to a jeep, and he finds Tom killed with an axe, and that Ken is killed as well. Morton passes out from the incident, only to wake up and find Shooter next to him. Shooter states that those two men are killed with an axe from Morton\xe2\x80\x99s house with his fingerprints on it. Morton claims that he has the magazine, and he can prove his innocence, Shooter demands that he wants him to fix the ending of his story to his version of the book, Morton sticks to his innocence and Shooter states that he is not crazy and there cannot be any magazine, but if there is any, then he will hand himself to the police and he leaves. Later, Morton retrieves his tools from Tom\xe2\x80\x99s head, in order to get rid of evidence. He then pushes Tom\xe2\x80\x99s Jeep off the cliff, but his hand watch gets stuck in the turn signal, he manages to free his hand, but the watch is left inside the jeep, and it falls off from there into the water. He then gets back to home and he gets a call from Amy, she is worried about him, she is crying, and she thinks if they didn\xe2\x80\x99t lose their baby in the past the things would have turned out to be different. He asks her what she thinks of Ted, and she claims that she loves Ted, she thinks that Morton was busy since last 2 years in writing books and he never had time for her, and she wants him to sign the papers, only to reveal that she was being nice to him, to make him sign the divorce papers, so he aggressively hangs up the phone. Amy prepares herself to confront him with the divorce papers, Ted wants to go with her, but she denies it. Since, it will make the things worse. Later, Morton goes to the post office to retrieve his package containing the magazine. The lady working there gives him the package, and she tells him that she saw everything what he did, only to correct herself that she saw his new look appealing. He then goes back to car, the sheriff approaches him, and he says he is busy. At home, Ted is worried, so he decides to go to the cabin as well. Morton learns that the package is already opened, he then checks the magazine, and he finds out that someone ripped off pages of his story from the magazine. He talks to himself that how is it possible, he gets inside the cabin and sees Shooter\xe2\x80\x99s hat, and he puts it on. Soon, he starts speaking to himself, his inner self claims that he should call police and they should put him in a prison, before he does any more damage. His inner self claims further that there is no John Shooter at all, and it is all in his head. Morton is getting frustrated and uncomfortable, and he throws an object at the wall, and then surprisingly the crack starts growing rapidly to the point that it fractures the cabin in half. He looks in the mirror, and he is shocked to see the back of his head in the mirror. Shooter appears, and he starts revealing that Morton gave birth to his character. He reveals that it was he himself, who started the fire in the house, then it was he who took Tom and Ken to an isolated area and then killed them, Morton realizes that John Shooter is just a figment of his imagination, and he needs to fix the story to get rid of him. Sooner, Amy arrives at the cabin, she walks, and she finds the page from the magazine, she looks for Morton and she finds the house all messed up, there is an empty bottle of Jack Daniels and empty cigarette packet, she hears some noise from upstairs, and she finds the word, Shooter, carved repeatedly on the table, and everywhere in the house, along with the walls. Morton appears Infront of her, speaking and acting like Shooter and wearing his hat as well. He then attacks her with a scissor, but she manages to approach her car. He then fixes the hat, and he takes a stone to break the window. He pulls her out from the car, and he drags her back into the cabin. She tries to run, but she falls to the ground hitting her head to a rock, he reveals that the word shooter means shoot her, from his desire to shoot her. Sooner, Ted arrives there looking for Amy, Morton hits him with the shovel as Amy watches it helplessly, he then kills him with it. He then goes to her and says the quote from his book that, One day her death will be a mystery, even to me. Few months later, Morton recovers from his condition, and he goes to a store, there he sees the lady who works in the post office, she seems to be scared and she tries to avoid him. The sheriff arrives to the cabin, the cabin now seems to be well organized with a lot of corn in the kitchen. Morton invites the sheriff upstairs and the sheriff claims that everyone knows what he did, and eventually the bodies of the missing people will be found, and he will be caught. He tells him that people are uncomfortable to see him in the town, and he is no longer welcomed there. Morton says the only thing that matters is the ending, and this one is the perfect ending. It is assumed that the body of Amy and Ted are buried under the garden of corn. And he says one day her death will be a mystery, even to me. And the movie ends, Please don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to like and subscribe and let me know about your thoughts on the movie. 