welcome to the man recaps. this is survivor winners at war, episode 4. the blue tribe returns from Tribal Council after just voting out Ethan. this was a big vote, because Rob and Parvati know for sure they're on the bottom now. and Adam was totally left out of the vote. he thought he successfully was orchestrating a blindside on poverty, but his alliance didn't like that. he was trying to play both sides by telling Boston Rob about it. so they voted Ethan to put him in his place. I just did everything that you're not supposed to do in Survivor, and I had the hubris to think that I could get away with it. so now Adam starts really helping out around camp, being super nice to everyone, chopping coconuts and collecting firewood. Rob and Parvati tried to talk to him like, hey, you're on the bottom now, to maybe join up with us. but he's like, no way. in fact, I'm not going to talk to you guys at all because I want to stay in the good graces of the majority Alliance. but Robin Parvati are masters of manipulation. Rob goes to Jeremy and Michelle and is like, hey, Adam came to us trying to work with us. turn on you guys. and they totally buy it. it worked like a charm. their focus is now squarely on Adam and off of Robin Parvati. now on the edge of extinction. all four of them have an opportunity to earn a fire token by completing a tough physical challenge. they need to hike all the way around and up the islands to a pile of 20 firewood, and one log at a time, bring them all the way back down to their camp. at first they're like, hey, no sweat. at least it's something to do besides just sit around and stare at the sand. but soon they start to realize this is much more difficult than it seems. natalie is in beast mode. she's doing okay. but it's Ethan in particular, who's having a really hard time. there's some great inspiring moments as he wills himself to keep going, talking about his battle with cancer and all that stuff. eventually, though, he does pass out. medical has to come and be like, hey, maybe just take a break for a little bit. but eventually he does get back up. you can't keep Ethan down. three girls had already finished, but they decide to go back with him for the final log. and it's a real inspiring survivor moment. the red truck, meanwhile, is having a ton of fun. they haven't been to tribal council in a long time, so they're basically on vacation. on the surface, they're one big, happy tribe. but we know their secret alliances already formed. the big one is eul's alliance, the unconnected players that kept it on the down-low, but Tyson sort of suspects it Wendall net, you'll and I don't even know the last one is Sophie, so under the radar that I did not even know her name. now, once again, immunity is back up for grabs, as well as a great reward. this week, chickens. since red is two extra people, they have to sit some, and Sandra immediately volunteers. Parvati kind of makes fun of her for it, but there's no shame in it. Sandra knows what her strengths are, and they are not physically demanding. challenges like this, for people, have to swim and pull the boat over to the next platform, where the other three have to climb up and jump to retrieve a set of keys. normally jumping for keys like this is not a big deal, but they've hung them really high up there. the red tribe had some taller people in the boat, so they get it pretty quickly. but the blue tribe put their smallest people in there since they had to swim, and karyam and Parvati can literally not reach these how to. manages to get one barely. but for Parvati and Denise, it's just never going to happen. so the right Drive has a huge lead on the puzzle, while Adam just keeps trying and failing. finally, though, Adam gets it. and the blue tribe races to catch up. it seems impossible, but Rob and Michelle, puzzle masters, are doing it very quickly. and it seems like the red tribe had messed up the very bottom of their possible. they got to basically start all over. and blue tribe comes back for the win. yes, an epic comeback. and for the first time in a while, they're not going to tribal council. so Tyson's the first to act. he throws Nick out there as the person to vote off it seems like an easy vote the whole tribe could agree on. he sort of blew the puzzle for them, and he doesn't really help out around camp. and it's perfect for Tyson, because he's one of those unconnected players that he's worried about. of course, though, Tyson is totally right in his suspicions about this unconnected person's Alliance. they're not gonna let their friend Nick go home. they turn the vote around on Tyson. Tyson's a big threat because of his connections, especially on the other tribe. he in Boston. Rob had a tight alliance last time they played together. ironically, the connected players who theoretically have relationships because they've played before, are not a unified front. Tony agrees with Tyson that it's better to vote out Nick, but Sandra wants Tyson gone immediately cuz he came after her way back at the beginning. so going into tribal council, the vote is still up in the air, but it comes out unanimously on Tyson. so Tyson is the fifth person voted out, off the edge of extinction. he has to bequeath his fire token to someone. but he's mad at his little tribe right now for voting him out. so just for chaos, he gives it to Nick, the person he was just trying to vote out. Tyson shows up edge of extinction and has a hilarious observation, you guys have so much firewood. oh, and that's how episode four comes to an end. hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion. 