on sorghum, a sparsely populated, forested swamp planet, a village of farmers is pillaged by raiders. the mandalorian soon lands on sorghum, looking to hide from the guild with the child in a local restaurant, they come across a suspicious mercenary who identifies herself as cara dune, gina carrano, a former rebel shock trooper who had left her position and is hiding on the planet, which she asks the mandalorian to leave back at the razor crest. the mandalorian is approached by two of the villagers hoping to hire him to drive off the raiders. he accepts in return for lodging in the isolated village, and uses their payment to hire dune for extra help. once at the village, a widowed mother named omara julia jones takes them in and offers them food. dune and the mandalorian find a set of tracks in the mud outside the village and identify that the raiders have a powerful imperial all-terrain scout transport. dune insists the villagers leave and make their home elsewhere, but they refuse and decide to fight, which the mandalorian accepts. the mandalorian and dune show the farmers how to defend themselves, and then set up traps in the krill ponds for the at st. the mandalorian and dune infiltrate the raiders camp to provoke them into attacking. the attestee then chases them back to the village, but stops short of the krill ponds. the klatoin raiders then attack the villagers, while the at-st shoots the village with artillery fire. dune then gets beneath the at-st, shooting into one of the viewports. the atteste takes the bait and steps into the pond, sinks and then falls over. the mandalorian then throws a thermal detonator into the walker, blowing it up. and the raiders flee back into the forest. with peace having returned, the child plays happily with the other children. the mandalorian tells dune and o'mara that he plans to leave the child there, as he feels it would be a better life. however, a cube is a bounty hunter from the guild, takes aim at the child from the trees. before he can fire, dune shoots him from behind. the mandalorian realizes the child has to stay under his protection. he bids farewell to o'mara and dune and leaves the village. you 