listen, telekinesis is easily the best power to have. so when I heard that the guy who adapted at the end of the effing world for Netflix was also adapting Charles Foreman's I am not okay with this, I was like, okay, acronyms it is. but considering it's from the producers of stranger things, that means that, again, a 30 minute graphic novel gets stretched out to multiple seasons and gets stripped and stuffed with as many 80s references as possible. but I selected. let me explain. so the series consists of seven episodes, with them being like 20 minutes long. so it's an easy binge if you don't want to get spoiled like I'm about to do. just like in the graphic novel, you follow Sydney, and angsty high schooler dealing with newfound abilities, played by Sophia Lily's, who I guess refuses to star in this decade. after her father's suicide, the whole family starts falling apart. her little brother to Liam, has to make his own pasta because they won't buy any Chef Boyardee. Sydney accidentally murders his hamster because of her abilities. poor kids getting bullied at school. so if we do have a follow-up for this, if there's one person who I want to eventually get powers so he can somehow bring back banana wiglesworth, its Liam. the first shoots always the hardest to design. sorry, what was it? well, I'm gonna build this shoot and kick Richard Wright and Jess when it comes to the mom I buy I love don't love me back. Wow, maybe you're aiming too high. yeah, she kind of validates the title. but then we get other characters like Wyatt Olaf, who's playing another character named Stanley. but what do I actually make the cut for the sequel? these are the people that will actually attend the 5, 10, 20 year reunion, because aside from this, nothing else all that nobody's gonna happen. he's definitely that kid who complains about your hometown all the time, but never intends to leave it. he's the first to learn about its powers, and really hits it off with her Poppins. it's given her free weed getting friend-zoned. meanwhile, Deena, I think, definitely deserves more moments in the show. I was told she watch, oh my gosh, what is called my so-called life, which I also have watched backwards and forwards, because Deena's character is a lot like her best friend in that shows. both of them became friends and hit it off when they were new kids. but after puberty, Deena kind of expanded her adventures in the comic, there's actually another older character thats it comes across, named Ryan, who plays a big part in the story. so I don't know if she's gonna show up in another season, or if they're just giving up her role between these two. but as far as the show goes, Dina and Sid share a moment, but Dina still with Brett, until he cheats. so then he seeks revenge on set for exposing his secrets. let's just say that tonight it's gonna be [ __ ] mind-blowing. and sadly, he was right. after stealing her diary and calling her out at the dance, Sydney Pops him, just like those it's from earlier in the comics. she actually confronts him at work. and more so, gives them an aneurysm so the poor soul could get an open casket, not the open Jimmy guy. as for the show, Stanley snatches diary. Deena still doesn't know about the powers. but then it turns into like life is strange, as Sid meets this mysterious figure at the watchtower, who just had to end the season with the most cliche line. let's begin. shall we begin? so here's the thing, just like with the end of the effing world, they're, they're taking what was a short comic and expanding on it beyond the ending in order to create more seasons. and you know, that's not a bad thing. the second season of the end of the world wasn't bad. we just got hit with the end of ours and moved on to the next thing. but when you compare the ending to the comic for this one, and where they want to take this thing, it seems vastly different. so faux comic spoilers right here. that being that she sees at the end is represented as a ghost, so almost like a poop stain in the corner of her walls in the comic. but for the show, they're giving it a body, and it seems to be like a evil Nick Fury. the ending of the comic also isn't as heroics, and Sid gets so exhausted with her powers that she decides to end her life instead of risking an outburst that would hurt her family or others around her. I don't think necklace is gonna take it that way. according to the showrunner, they're coming. they're going to go for conspiracies and people trying to weaponize this power, probably leading to a Dark Phoenix like ending, or, you know, some form of isolation. meanwhile, you know, they'll be stuffing as many stranger things refs as they can in order to be named the ugly sister to stranger things, because stranger things. and if all else fails, John Hughes references. seeing as they're adding to the story, I don't know if they're gonna pivot to be like other superpower shows a Netflix has. there's raising Dione, which also had secret organizations and very similar mysterious presences. also was a great lesson on how not to while your stunts. because that chickens semi control her powers. that entity at the end may wants a user trainer. maybe there is more to that. incidents overseas that killed everyone except her father when he was deployed. maybe there's an organization of anti heroes like the one in glass. maybe she'll go full Chronicle. or, you know, maybe they'll remember that there was a comic and it said, sometimes there's no answers in life. sex. sadly, streaming is following the way of TV, and it's filler, because in the era of overabundance, the goal is stuff franchise and serialized, any property you can get, if the original source is good enough. people move on too quickly nowadays. so, you know, stop it with as many familiar tropes or callbacks to things people already do, like in order to hook them faster. and you just rinse, wash and repeat it. I know that that sounds like a Negative Nancy on the show, because I really do like it. I think it's very enjoyable. it's short and it's fun, and it's not bad to go, hey, I understood that reference. why are watching something. but I worry that the more time a show spends referencing other things, the less time its building things that a QD reference back to. let's begin. thank you guys, taking out this video. I'm Kirsten on your thoughts down below in the comments section. again, I highly recommend the comic. it's very shortened. you can read it like for free on hoopla, for those who don't know. and usually combine your library card. it's very short. and it's way different than the show, like, not completely different, but it definitely feels like the show is taking it in China. it's but, you know, they do this for everything. a lot of Netflix show should really only be a season, but they expand it. sometimes it's good. I want to say, for me personally, 90% of the time it doesn't go so well. and hearing some of the baths that they're going here, it could be good. you know, I'm not going anyone else. they'll be at home. I'll watch it, but I don't like the pitch, being that it's a more irreverent, stranger. things have been slightly sanitized, and I would go out on a bigger binge. how everyone seems to be doing this thing where it's like it's present time, but nobody uses their phones, because they wanted to be a tease and excite sex education does this. end of the effing world does Riverdale does this? I'll even put it for shows I do, like, I love you, for you. but I am fully aware that these are like shows that have playlists from the directors the kids will never listen to them. so even in euphoria, they're dancing to like a playlist on what the showrunners listen to. is this weird amalgamation of the filmmaker wanting young actors to but it's weird. I don't know. my only thing with that is that when you show like a MacBook or a phone, while you're trying to get an anesthetic, you're kind of forgetting the fact that they would have all filmed the blowing up of that. it's just things that I may make a whole nother video in there, cuz I have found some crazy cause when it comes to the production of these things and how they're they're all like the same thing, but we'll get to that. I really do like the show. I recommend it. I recommend a book even more. and I recommend the Netflix tops trying to serialize everything when there's no need for it. other than that, let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. hopefully we figure out why these cards rims were on the floor. until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. 