[Music] in a world where toys are living things, but pretend to be lifeless when humans are present, a group of toys owned by a boy named Andy are caught off guard when Andy's birthday parties moved up a week as his family, including his mother and infant sister Molly, is preparing to move the following week. Andy's toys, including Bo Peep, mr. Potato Head, Rex the dinosaur, ham the piggy bank and slinky dog, fear they will be replaced by new toys from the birthday sheriff woody, the toys leader and Andy's favorite toy, sends out army men, led by sergeant to spy on the party and report the gift results to the others via baby monitors. the toys are relieved when the party appears to end with none of them being replaced by new toys. but then Andy receives a surprise gift, a Buzz Lightyear action figure who thinks he is a real Space Ranger. Buzz impresses the other toys with his various features, and Andy begins to favor him, making what he feel abandoned. as Andy prepares for a family outing at Pizza Planet, his mother allows him to bring one toy. fearing Andy will choose Buzz, what, he attempts to trap him behind a desk, but ends up accidentally knocking him out of a window. the other toys realized Woody's jealousy and gang up on him, but Andy takes woody and leaves repeats a planet before they can exact retribution. a vengeful Buzz hitches a ride on the family van and picks a fight with woody during a gas stop. in the fight, the two fall out of the van and the family leaves without them. Woody and Buzz managed to make their way to the restaurant by stowing away on a pizza delivery truck. buzz, still thinking he has a real Space Ranger, despite Woody's attempt to convince him otherwise, gets them stuck in a crane game, visually modeled after a rocket ship, where they are won by Andy's toy abusing neighbor, a boy named Sid. SIDS house is full of mutant hybrid toys of SIDS own creation, as well as his bull terrier dog named Scud. while woody attempts to escape from SIDS house, buzz sees a television ad for the Buzz Lightyear toy line that shocks him deeply. in a fit of denial, buzz tries to fly out of a window, but fails and loses an arm. upon impact, Buzz sinks into a silent state and becomes a liability toward Woody's escape plan, which falters when Andy's toys see what he manipulate. buzzes armed from the parallel window, and come to believe that he murdered him. after the mutant toys emerged and repaired as his arm, Sid and acts a plan to launch Baz on a fireworks rocket, but this is delayed by a thunderstorm. woody restores Buzz's confidence by telling him about the joy he can bring to Andy as a toy. the next day, woody and the mutant toys rescue buzz just as Sid is about to launch the rocket and scare Sid into no longer abusing toys. and he runs into his house screaming in horror. Woody and Buzz leave just as Andy and his family drive away toward their new home. the duo try to make it to the moving truck, but Scud sees them and chases them. buzz gets left behind. while saving woody from Scud. and what he tries rescuing him with Andy's RC car, thinking that what he is trying to get rid of are see as well, the other toys attack and toss him off the truck. having evaded Scud, buzz and RC retrieve woody and continue to chase the truck. upon seeing Woody and Buzz together on RC, the other toys realized their mistake and try to help them get back aboard. but our C's batteries are exhausted, requiring woody to ignite the rocket still strapped to buzzes back as they hurtle onward. what he manages to throw RC into the truck before they soar into the air. and Buzz opens his wings to free himself from the rocket before it explodes, gliding with woody to land safely into a box in the van, right next to Andy. Andy is delighted to see his favorite toys again. on Christmas Day, at their new house, Woody and Buzz stage another spy mission to prepare for the new toy arrivals. one of the toys is a mrs. Potato Head. much too mr. potato heads delight, as woody jokingly asks what might be worse than Buzz. they discover Andy's new gift as a puppy, and the two share a worried smile. [Music], 