hi. so season two starts off with a little PSA for the viewers. so let me give my home little PSA here. since one 3rw fans like telling people who don't like their favorite show about suicide to go commit suicide. so warning, this video ain't serious. and just like the show, most of it is bad writing. let me explain. so in case you missed Season one, of thirteen reasons why, pretty much, it's a show that's to mental health what Black Panther is to racial prejudice. just something else to watch. not saying that they can't sway people a certain way, or that it can be effective. I personally, I love Black Panther, but 13 reasons why. season one was a mixed bag. you know, it's about a girl named Hannah Baker who witnessed a raped and got raped, but never told the counselor a name witnessed a murder, never told the cops. what on a lesbian girl kissed her then left her out to dry. did a bunch of sketchy things, including bullying a girl into dropping out from her previous school. I was an [ __ ] to someone at my old school, but then left 13 tapes blaming everyone else for her suicide. girl, that's like farting and then leaving the room. so season two has, I'm taking her to court. God's not dead to style. her mom's pretty much said, I'm taking down the school. she's rocking that. Jamie Lee Curtis cut she just finished binge watching three billboards outside of having Missouri, and she wants these baker's dozen to give her daughter justice. there's also a kid named Alex who tried killing himself in the first season. he shot his head, so now his other head won't get up either to school. contact. Jessica Justin over here. probably the worst couple goals you could ever think of. they Franko jr. here is his role in six balloons. he's raised by a drug addict. he is a drug addict, homeless, and it isn't until clays parents adopt him at the end of the season that he finally becomes kinda decent Jessica was Hanna's friend in the first season, who, for whatever reason, uses rape as a badge of honor instead of calling out the people who should be called out. she's like the sansa of this school, since she never speaks up. but we are that might be evidence. well, it doesn't belong to you. we also got a counselor who's beating up people like he's Batman AG a baseball player beating up people with his Batman. a kid who reveals in court that him and Hanna smashed all summer and took each other's virginity. which leaves you questioning, why didn't he have a bigger impact in season one, considering the girl he popped his cherry to popped her wrist. Tyla, the creator of destruction, might as well get a cinematography credit since he's the school photographer and he's shooting everything. and we see a lot of things to his perspective. and like they hinted in season 1, they definitely play around with him being a literal school shooter. he befriends a member of AFI and starts target practice and starts falling in love with guns, before clay stops them right at the end of the season, from shooting up the school dance in the last episode, and clay just stands there, locked and loaded. now, I used to like later. I thought clay was an interesting character. he was Hanna's friend who actually really cared about her. poor guy. got a tape because he left Hanna alone one night when it was / who asked him to leave him alone. but this dude gets super creepy in season 2. my man not only attracts another girl who cuts herself. you really do have a thing for complicated girls named Skye, even though she's always down, but he starts imagining Hannah Baker like he's reprising his role in goosebumps. he starts seeing her everywhere. like, I get the actress wants her royalties, but damn, Hannah, you're like jigsaw, still playing games in the afterlife. Haley clay Osmond keeps seeing dead people everywhere he goes. he even tries school redoing himself as he tries to hide from the ghost of Hanna. there's a scene where he pulls that even Stephens beans cousin thing, [Music], where he's seeing Hannah's face while he's making out. someone's got to take this girl after your friend. mm, one thing that's supposed to be masterpiece, oh god, it's a so boring. you should still see it though, you know. so at least one pretentious people talk about eating yawn, really lovely nose, painful, right? you're in space. why aren't you having fun in space? why does nobody talk? why is the movie so long and nobody talks about anything? girl, you're the wall. with 13 episodes, probably my favorite part is when clay learns about Hannah smashing Zach like a wild Thornberry all summer, that he actually asks the ghost of Hannah, if I didn't town that summer me instead, brah, she a ghost. she ain't gonna let you hit they end up pulling a rings on Hannah's tapes and they become digital, so everyone can listen to them. everyone gets to hear her side of the story, and everyone is able to be entertained by the story of a girl who committed suicide. yeah, think about that. yeah, look, you can call me a hater, but I also hate on the ones who deserve it. in season 1, Bryce had the hardest role, since he was always hard molesting individuals. he's that trust-fund kid who gets away with everything when really he should get smacked with a 13-inch donkey. thing is is that he even shows up to court. and they dropped some Clark Kent glasses on this dude. he's up there trying to look innocent like Eddie the Eagle do looking like fat Chris Pratt, thinking people will like him, and he gets away with it. the Baker's lose their trial. the wrong people get punished. because if there's one thing as consistent as all the moms being milfs in this show, is that justice never seems to be sir. and Jeff still deserves better. thank you guys for checking out this video. let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. I'm sure some of you already have. I know that there are people who really like this show and believe that words really do matter. so yeah, don't tell other people to kill themselves cuz they don't like it. just a little. PSA over here if we doing. PSAs, definitely let me know your thoughts down below. any other Netflix shows you want me to cover. if you hated this video, make sure to share it and complain about it, make sure to send me those hate comments as you comment. like and subscribe down below, and I'll send you your own tape. 