she told us that she was going to carry the baby to terms. [Music]. her name is gray. [Music]. welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will explain grace. this film tells the story of a nine-month pregnant woman who gets into an accident that leaves her baby dead, but she carries the pregnancy to term. when the baby is delivered, surprisingly, it is alive and has an unusual thirst for blood. let's find out the story of grace. michael and madeline are expecting a baby in their lives. after being patient for a long time, madeline finally got pregnant and is now nine months pregnant. they looked very happy, although vivian, michael's mother, seemed doesn't care. in responding to the news of madeline's pregnancy, disappointment with the marriage of his son and madeline is the reason behind vivian's cynical attitude. vivian even interfered with the marriage. she suggested that madeline took her womb at a big hospital, instead of just consulting a midwife. but madeline refused. the woman insisted on going to her trusted midwife. anyway, after dinner with michael's parents. madeline and michael went straight to the clinic. madeline checked her womb with a midwife named patricia, who was her best friend when they were at school. madeline told patricia that she and michael had been waiting for her pregnancy. she had two miscarriages and had to take fertility drugs for three years. patricia seemed touched by the story of madeline and michael's struggle to get their baby. she told madeline always to take care of the fetus in her womb and always take care of her health. the next day, at dinner, madeline had excruciating pain in her stomach. michael, who panicked, immediately took madeline to the nearest hospital. a man wearing a black suit suddenly burst in while the doctor was examining madeline. the man named richard claimed to be an obstetrician who vivian entrusted to carry out madeline's delivery right now. madeline immediately rebelled. the baby was not due yet, and she was furious that her in-laws constantly interfered in the marriage. michael did not remain silent. he scolded his mother on the phone. michael also calls patricia, asking her to come to the hospital. patricia rushed over. patricia and michael then quarreled until michael finally left them. an unfortunate incident occurred. michael and madeline had an accident on the way home from the hospital. michael died on the spot. madeline was bleeding heavily, but she was still alive. someone approached her who was sitting leaning against a tree. the person suggested that madeline contact her midwife. madeline complied, and she underwent treatment at patrice's clinic. after conducting an examination, patricia finally found out that the fetus in madeline's womb had died. but she couldn't tell the truth to her. the day of madeline's birth arrived. she struggled with all her might to give birth to her child, even though the pain was wrecking her body. the baby was successfully born into the world, but in a lifeless state. even though she knew that the baby had died in the womb, patricia still tried to pump madeline's baby heart. but the result is nil. the baby's heartbeat remained non-existent. patricia told madeline what had happened, and the woman burst into tears. madeline hugged her tiny baby, kissing her. with tears in her eyes, she sent everyone away and just wanted to be alone with the baby she had been waiting for years. patricia, who was watching madeline through the surveillance camera, was sad to see madeline endured her suffering alone. she then went over to madeline, trying to calm her. to patricia's surprise, it turned out that the tiny baby in madeline's arms was alive. madeline looks so happy that the baby is alive. patricia asked what had happened, and madeline simply replied that it was a godsend. madeline also named her baby grace. after her health recovered, madeline returned home and cared for grace with joy like any new mother. patricia visited madeline moments later. she advised madeline to check grace's condition at the hospital. but madeline refused. she was adamant that grace could return to life by the will of the almighty. patricia finally relented. as grace grew, madeline realized the strange things that happened to her baby. it started with grace's hair, which fell out easily when combed. a strong stretch around grace to a swarm of flies that often swarmed the child. the climax when madeline is about to bathe grace, the water in the bathtub suddenly turns blood red. and grace cries in pain when madeline touches the scar on her baby. madeline then called patricia, but only a voice message was answered. the awkwardness continues. as madeline breastfeeds grace at night. she felt excruciating pain in her breasts and was surprised that the child was gnawing at her breast skin, instead of suckling like a normal baby. madeline realized that grace didn't want to drink her breast milk, but wanted flesh blood. on the other hand, vivien, who is still mourning the death of her beloved son, blames madeline from michael's death. vivian's ambition is to destroy madeline's life by taking the one person she loves the most. vivian then contacted a lawyer so she could seize custody of grace from madeline. madeline tries to find a way to give grace some fresh blood. she bought raw meat at the supermarket, squeezed the blood from it and gave it to grace, but the baby vomited and cried loudly. apparently, grace only wanted fresh human blood, not animal blood. madeline thought that grace would get sick if she didn't drink human blood. vivian, who conspires with richard, tries to seize grace. madeline, who knows this, finally locks herself in the house so that grace is not taken from her. in her solitude, madeline continues to feed her baby with her blood. on the other hand, madeline was suffering and had intended to ignore grace. but on the other hand, she loved her daughter very much and didn't want to lose her. the next day, richard came to madeline's house. richard was checking on madeline's ailing condition when he heard grace's cries. richard wanted to check on grace upstairs, but madeline stopped him and said that grace was just fussy and that her crying was normal. but richard didn't believe madeleine's words and went straight to grace's room. madeline panicked and immediately hit richard on the head from behind, until he was covered in blood. a crazy idea across madeline's mind. she intended to use richard's blood to feed grace. the woman began to execute richard's body, squeezing his blood. madeline then hid richard's body in the toilet. unbeknownst to madeline, vivian breaks into the house and retrieves grace from the crib. madeline realized that grace was not in her bed, immediately panicked and ran outside. she met vivian on the stairs. vivian held a hammer in her right hand and carried grace. vivian and madeline had a big fight on the stairs, until vivian hit her daughter-in-law with a hammer. madeline fell down in the blood, unconscious. vivian then regrets her actions, because she thinks madeline is dead. but then madeline got up and bit vivian's neck to death. patricia, who came and witnessed all the terrible events, immediately took madeline and grace away from the house. years passed and grace started teething. she has started to eat meat. on the run, patricia and madeline kept looking for ways to feed grace. but for the time being, madeline let her little daughter eat away at her breasts to keep grace alive. the film ends. [Music] you 