welcome to the man of recaps. this is West world, season 3, episode 2. in the post-credits scene of last episode, they tease that Maeve is alive and well in World War 2 world we jump right into her storyline. she's some sort of British spy. and who's this walking in its heck door? no longer the sexy Western bandit, he's now the sexy Italian resistance fighter. he's got some sort of map to escape. so he and Maeve are sneaking their way out of there. they fight their way through some Nazis. have a sweet old style sports car. I was skeptical why anyone would want to hang out in war world, but I mean, this is pretty exciting. he's got a plane for them to fly on out of here. but, oh, his crews dead. they were caught. just then he calls me Isabella, and it's like, oh, dude, your memories wiped. this is just your new role. so at the climax of his story, arc maids like, yeah. I mean, give him the papers, it doesn't matter. none of this is real. maybe knows, if she want some answers, she's got to get back to the control center. so she shoots herself to mate. wakes up, and luckily it's her friend Felix, repairing her. she grabs his hand to show she's awake, but he like, reacts weirdly and just sort of walks away. she runs into are their tech friends, Sylvester, but he actually called security on her. what? security chases are down. but least Sizemore comes in to stop. oh yeah. we thought he died in a hail of gunfire last season, sacrificing himself so maybe could escape. apparently he survived, though. he's okay, just walking with a cane now. he's like, hey, maybe good to see you. sorry I put you in World War 2. but that's the closest Park to the forge. he's gonna help her get there, and hopefully she'll be able to go into the virtual paradise world where her daughter is. meanwhile, Bernard is on a boat head into West world. yeah, it was hinted throughout the series. it's on an island off the coast of China, and now we get to see it. oh, there it is. this isn't exactly the front door. most guests would fly in on their private jets, I imagine. so Bernard is able to sneak in the back way. Bernard goes to Ford's secret, off-the-record house, and who does he find there? security director Ashley Stubbs. he's apparently killed himself. I guess the park fallen apart was too much for him. but wait, what's this? he's alive. oh my god. he is a robot. yeah, this was hinted at at the end of last season. so people that believe that theory, you were right. he was programmed by dr. Ford to protect the hosts in the park, to help Bernard and Dolores escape. and after the big robot uprising, just kill himself. Bernards like, hey, we'll hold off on killing yourself for now. I still need your help. his main goal is to stop Dolores from killing or enslaving all of humanity. Bernard is a good, peaceful guy. that's not the future he wants for robot kind. come back to the park to find Maeve, who's the only person who might have a chance against Delores. the next day, Maeve wakes up in her loop, escapes with Hector, but she's like, hey, I'm not getting on the plane. I've got my own escape plan. come with me, my love. but he doesn't remember her. he's gotta follow his new programming. so she meets up with Lea Sizemore and they head to the forge. names like, alright, so how do I open this thing up and get into the virtual world? and Lea Sizemore, it's like, wait. didn't you do it before? yeah, Maeve completely missed Delores and Bernard storyline last season. she was upstairs dealing with her own problems. Maeve realizes it must have been Dolores, and the virtual host world isn't here anymore. remember, she beamed it off into the cloud. besides mars-like, yeah. what did the coordinates? where'd she be mum to and maims like, I don't know. he's like, it's okay. maybe you could trust me. you've made me a better man because I love you. and he smooches her. this feels weird and out of character for Lea Sizemore, and Maeve notices it too. you didn't make it up. yeah, the real Lea Sizemore did die in season 2. this is a hosts copy to trick Maeve into giving them the coordinates or something. Stubbs takes Bernard to the cold storage area where Maeve supposedly is. but no, we know she's over in war world, right? no, mames, body is actually here, but her mind has been removed. and as lee Sizemore's head explodes processing that he's a robot, everything in the world gets weird. yeah, not only as Lisa has more fake, this whole world is fake. Maeve's in a virtual simulation. some a goes to Lee's office, scribes a tablet to start hacking the system. she calls in a couple random interns and poses them a very difficult math problem. what's the square root of negative 1? apparently this is a mathematical paradox. it's above my head, but you remember imaginary numbers, right? and so while these background characters are using way more processing power than they were intended to, the rules of reality start to break names like, yeah, darling, my plans gonna work. we gonna crash the system. in the real world, Bernard and Stubbs go to the control center. they're hanging around the medieval world section. yeah, I always said that would be the coolest Park, a sweet fantasy one complete with dragons. yeah, you recognise that dragon. it is drogon from Game of Thrones. this is an intentional Game of Thrones Easter egg. in fact, the two texts talking about it are dnt the Game of Thrones show runners. they search for Maeve to see where she really is, but there's no record of her. someone else sneaked her out of here. they suspect it might have been Dolores, and at the end of season two we saw she did leave with a bunch of host brains. so any characters could be coming back anywhere. while he's here, Bernard wants to run a self-diagnostic from a clean system. remembered Oris is the one that rebuilt him, and he wants to make sure that she didn't give herself administrator access. while he's scanning, some security shows up. and remember, Bernard is a very wanted man right now. so Ashley Stubbs has to kick some ass. he doesn't want to kill these guys, so he throws away his gun and grabs on axe. yeah, goes full medieval on these guys, chases them away. but hard was able to unlock some of his memories, specifically something about where exactly Delores set the virtual hosts. that's the second time that's come up this episode. it's gonna be important somehow. also, Bernard remembers that Delores was focused on certain humans, specifically Liam Dempsey, the guy we know at insight who shoes fake dating. so Bernards heading off the island. Stubbs is like, well, guess I'll just kill myself now. but for now it's like, hey, hold on there, buddy. let me reprogram you. I could use your help. so his new core directive is body guard Bernard. and these two could have an awesome bro adventure the next day. and virtual war world, Maeve marches right into the center square and is like, here's the resistance fighter who stole the map, but also, this soldier is a traitor. he's got the map too, and this other one, and this other one, and even yourself. you actually planted the map prop in everyone's pocket. so no one has any idea what to do. so all this is using way more processing power than it's designed for. she crashes the system. with the system frozen, she's able to access the outside mainframe and see into the real world. she finds her processing unit here at some mystery facility. so she hacks a maintenance drone and programs it to bust her out of there. yeah, robot fighting. awesome escape scene. but in the end, there's too much security. they take it down. Maeve wakes up in a fancy dress. this seems to be the real world. if you're ever confused, look at the aspect ratio. they always set the real world taking up the full screen, and virtual worlds are letterboxed. Maeve is in a very nice mansion, and her host is an old French guy, Ciroc. his name was mentioned at the end of last episode. we know he is the mysterious partner of them. C's dad, the one person who currently controls the mega AI running the world, Rehoboam. he talks about how all of human history so far has been chaos, and he built our home to bring order to the world and craft a brighter future for Humanity. but now humanity's threatened by Dolores. he wants Maeve to help him fight her. memes like, thanks for the body, darling, but I have no interest in your fight. she goes to stab him, but, oh, he freezes her. yeah. her mind made me fully conscious these days. but he's finally gotten her into a body that he can control. he's like, hey, we'll talk again later. I'm excited to convince you that were on the same side. and that's how episode 2 comes to an end. hit that subscribe button for more of the fest recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion. 