hey, what's up guys. today i am going to sum up a film, parasite. but before make sure to subscribe to my channel and also smash the bell icon. parasite tells the story of the kim family, a lower class family that lives in a dingy apartment and sponges a living off the resources of others and low-paying temporary jobs. they struggle to make ends meet. in fact, they don't generally even try to make ends meet. the kim family consists of the father, kim kitaek, the mother, chung suk, the sun kim ki-wu, and the daughter, kim ki jong. one day, ki wu's friend, min hyuk visits the basement apartment and presents the family with a scholar's rock, which is supposed to bring the family wealth. minhyuk also asks kiw if he would be willing to take over one of his tutoring jobs for him while he is studying abroad. minhyuk trusts kiwi not to become romantically involved with his student, park da hai, because ki wu will have to lie and pretend that he himself is a college student, something that he is most definitively not. da hai is the wealthy daughter of park dong-ik. the park family lives in a spacious but very isolated mansion in the middle of the city. kiwu and ki jung are able to forge kiwi's credentials and convince ian gio to hire him to be her daughter's english tutor. during the first lesson, kiwi was able to learn that the family has been struggling to find an art teacher for their young son, park da song. kiwi lies to yin gio and says he knows a very exclusive and expensive art tutor that he will put the family in contact with. kiwi then has his sister pretend to be both an art tutor and art therapist. and she is subsequently hired as well by the parks with the kim children safely entrenched in the park household, the two children work on getting their parents jobs as employees of the park family, as a personal driver and a housekeeper. the kim family then proceeds to work for the park family, even though the park family never knows that they are all related to one another. at the same time, kiwi begins a romantic relationship with da hai, even though she is much younger than him. one weekend, the parks leave on a camping trip, and the kims occupy the mansion while the owners are away. that night, [ __ ], moon guang, the previous housekeeper that chungsuke replaced, comes to the house, ringing the doorbell in the middle of the night. she tells chungsuk that she left something in the basement that she needs to retrieve. and chungsuk lets her in while the remaining members of the kim family stay out of sight. moon guang frantically goes down to the basement and opens a secret passageway to an underground room where moon guang's husband, junsei, has been hiding for four years. unbeknownst to the park family, junsei is hiding from loan sharks that he owes money to. and moon guang offers to pay chungsuk money if she allows her husband to remain in hiding in the house. however, the remaining kim family members are eavesdropping and accidentally stumble into view during the conversation. realizing that the kim family are conning the park family, she rescinds her offer and threatens to expose the kim family's scam to the parks a fight ensues in which the kim family capture both moon guang and junsei and lock them back in the basement. however, during the struggle, moon guang is seriously hurt and ultimately dies from her injuries. at the same time, the park family calls and says they are returning from the camping trip early due to the horrible rainstorm. they asked chungsuk to prepare a meal, and the rest of the kim family scrabbles to clean up the house. the kim family is still in the house when the park family returns. the kims are forced to hide under tables and beds until the parks fall asleep and they can safely get out of the house. while the rest of the family is in hiding. yin gio tells chung suk that her son had a traumatic incident years before when he saw a ghost in the house. during his birthday, her son had a seizure that he barely survived due to the short window of time they had to get him to a hospital. chengsuk realizes that the young boy's ghost was actually jun se coming out of the hidden room looking for food. later that night with the other three kims hiding nearby. dongic tells his wife that ki taek is a competent driver, but that he smells really bad. eventually, the parks go to sleep, and the kims make their escape from the house. however, when they return to their own basement apartment, they find it filled with sewage water. and they are forced to stay in a shelter for the night. during their night in the shelter, kiwi asks his father what his plan is for dealing with the people in the basement of the park house. his father says that the best plans are the ones that you never act on. the next day, yian gio decides to throw an impromptu birthday celebration for her son. she and her husband invite all the kims to attend as either guests or employees. kiwi takes the scholar's rock with him with the intent to kill the people in the hidden basement. while everyone is at the party in the yard, kiwi goes down to the basement to kill the married couple. unbeknownst to him that moon guang is already dead. her husband has been able to free himself, and he attacks ki wu, ultimately knocking him unconscious by striking him in the head several times with the scholar's rock. john ce then goes upstairs and finds a butcher's knife, determined to get revenge on the kim family for the death of his wife. once upstairs, jun se stabs ki-jong, killing her and frightening the young park boy into another seizure. junsei looks for chungsuk, and the two get into a vicious struggle. the park parents are trying to get their boy to the hospital and demand the car keys from kitaak, who is trying unsuccessfully to save his daughter. he throws the keys, but they end up under junsei's body after he is killed by chung suk with a barbecue skewer. dongic goes to move juncei to retrieve the keys, and covers his nose due to the basement dweller's foul odor. this sets something off in kitaak, who suddenly picks up the butcher knife and fatally stabs dongic in front of his wife and children. ki taek then flees the scene of the crime, leaving his dead daughter and his injured wife and son to face the authorities after several weeks in a coma kiwi wakes up from a coma and is arrested. he and his mother are convicted for fraud and criminal trespass, but they are given probation. they return to their lives as basement dwellers and are followed by the police for a time, since no one has ever seen kitaak again. after police give up on the surveillance, kiwi climbs up onto a hillside that looks down on the former park home. he notices that the porch light is blinking erratically and determines that it is morse code. he discovers that the message being sent is from his father, who tells him that after killing dong-iq he was able to sneak back into the hidden basement of the park home. his father goes onto to tell him that he has been living there for several months, sneaking out only when he can to get food and water. the film ends with kiwi writing his father back to tell him that he has a plan, a plan that entails him making something of his life and acquiring enough money so that he can buy the park home. and on that day, his father simply needs to walk out of the basement to be reunited with his son and wife. the audience is shown how this plan is carried out, but then cuts back to kiwi sitting in his basement apartment, writing the letter to his father. he has no way of delivering the letter to his father and no ability to carry out the plan. thanks for watching. like, comment and subscribe. 