hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1986 horror film the fly. so let's get started. the film opens with scientist Seth Brundle showing journalist Ronnie his teleporter that he invented. Ronnie wants to document his progress with the teleporter to eventually write a complete story about it. initially, the teleporter isn't able to teleport living things, but Brundle slowly works out the kinks. during this time, Brundle and Ronnie develop a romantic relationship. after successfully teleporting a baboon, Ronnie leaves, and Brundle worries something is wrong with their relationship. upset, Brundle decides to teleport himself, but doesn't realize that there is also a fly inside his telepods and fuses with the fly. Brundle and Ronnie reconcile in Brundle exhibits increased strength and stamina, which he thinks is simply from being teleported. unaware of the fusion with the fly, burned Iligan to change further, becoming more fly light. going through grotesque transformations, Brundle and Ronnie split after he becomes violent. grundles body continues to fall apart, and he discovers the fusion that occurred with the fly. Ronnie meets up with Brundle again, and he explains what happened with the fusion, giving himself the nickname brundlefly. he now has to eat by vomiting, similar to a fly, and is altogether losing his humanity. Ronnie discovers that she is pregnant and has a nightmare about giving birth to a giant maggot. she meets with her boss, Stathis to help her find a doctor who can perform an abortion. before the abortion can begin. however, Brundle kidnaps Ronnie. Brundle wants to put himself, Ronnie and the unborn fetus into a teleporter to fuse all three into one entity. stay 'this breaks into the lab with a shotgun, but Brundle disfigures stasis with his corrosive vomit. as Brundle moves Ronnie to the telepods, she rips his jaw and he makes his final transformation into a massive insectoid creature. Ronnie is trapped in the telepods as brundlefly gets into the other the wounded stay 'this severed the cables to Ronnies pod, allowing her to escape. brundlefly is trapped, and during the teleportation, is fused with the pot itself becoming a mass of a human insect in machine. the monstrosity crawls out, and Ronnie initially aims the gun at its head, but can't pull the trigger. brundlefly, however, points the gun at his own head, silently begging Ronnie to end his suffering. and as the film ends, she blows his head off. so that was the spoilers for the fly. if you have another film you'd like to see a spoil please let us know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 