Hi guys, K-Movie Recapped here. Before we start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to explain a 2017 Korean Crime-Thriller movie called V I P. The movie tells the story of a handsome psychopath who is suspected of committing serial murders and rapes around the world, and is chased by South Korea, North Korea and the CIA. Following a string of brutal murders, a weary South Korean detective homes in on a suspect: the son of a high-ranking North Korean official. The story starts on an empty street in North Korea. A teenage female student is walking alone on the side of the road. Suddenly, 3 students in a car come and kidnap her. She wakes up naked in an unknown room, surrounded by men who are raping and torturing her. It turns out that they are a gang of psychopaths who have also killed her whole family. The gang leader, Kim Gwang-Il, comes to her to finish her. He strangles her with a string of wire. A North Korean officer, Lee Dae-Bum, is investigating this heinous crime. He and his team gather evidence at the crime scene, only to find out the horrifying things that the psychopaths have done to the girl\xe2\x80\x99s family. He already has a suspect, but when he reports it to his superior, he is asked to let it go. It seems like his superior is hiding something. He even gets demoted and moved to another place. 3 years later in South Korea, the police found a dead body of a girl with signs of rape and torture. Similar murder cases have happened several times recently in South Korea, but the police have not found the serial killer yet. This makes the local residence anxious and pushes the police to find the killer. A leading detective, Chae Yi-Do, tells his team to match the DNA found at an eggplant inside the victim's body with someone he already suspected. On the other hand, The National Intelligence Service, or N I S for short, is discussing the case. They already know about the identity of the killer, because they are the ones who brought him here from North Korea 2 years ago. They call him the V I P. The DNA result turns out to be a match. Chae and his team raid Kim at his hideout. But when they arrive, there are also some N I S agents trying to take him too. Chae and his team have an arrest warrant for him, so the N I S back down. Seeing this, one of the N I S superior agents panics and immediately provides a lawyer for Kim Gwang-Il. In the Interrogation Room, his lawyer gives a bunch of alibis for him. When asked about the DNA result, Kim says that he and the victim have a farm together as a hobby. The farm has some cucumbers and eggplants. At that moment, Chae is sure that he is the killer. Because he hasn\xe2\x80\x99t said anything yet about the eggplant. After that, his team gathers CCTV and dashboard camera videos all around the city to prove the whereabouts of Kim during his alibi. After hours of manually checking the video, they get the evidence that proves his alibi wrong. On the other side, someone is torturing Kim's gang members. After killing one of them, he releases the other in the middle of the street. The N I S find him and quickly take him into their custody. They make an agreement with the chief of police, they will make that man responsible for all of the murder cases but they want Kim released to them. Seeing this as a win-win solution, which can close the murder case, he accepts the offer. The N I S brings Kim\xe2\x80\x99s gang member to Chae but he can\xe2\x80\x99t accept it. He talks to the chief of police and he tells him to just let Kim go. This will make N I S happy and they can close the murder case since they also found that men's DNA inside the victims. Just before the N I S take Kim, he provokes Chae which makes him angry and hits Kim. This makes him get suspended from the task force. Feeling defeated, he goes back home and finds an unknown man inside. It turns out to be Lee, the officer from North Korea. He tells him his identity and the story about how he and his men are tortured by Kim. He is the only one who survives and comes to take revenge on Kim. Kim is the son of a high-ranking official in North Korea. Because of that, he couldn\xe2\x80\x99t touch him. But now his father has been arrested so if he brings Kim back to North Korea, they will arrest him too. They finally agree on working together. Under the N I S custody, Kim assaults one of the woman agents. Knowing about this, Park beats the shit out of Kim. Kim keeps smiling without showing any remorse. The N I S and C I A have an agreement to give Kim to the C I A so they wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t have to deal with him anymore. When the C I A come, they tell them that it is actually their plan to move Kim from North Korea to South Korea. They want the banking information of Kim\xe2\x80\x99s father in China that he knows. On the other side, Lee tells Cheo that Kim also killed someone in Hongkong. They record the video when they torture and rape the victim, then sold the video to fund their operation. In that video, Kim\xe2\x80\x99s face is shown clearly. Kim becomes angry which makes Chae satisfied that finally, he can get rid of the smirk on Kim\xe2\x80\x99s face. Unexpectedly, the chief of police suspended the whole of Chae's task force, making them unable to enter their office. Chae drives the car alone with Kim but he couldn\xe2\x80\x99t find out the solution. Park finds him and tries to convince him to let it go. He agrees and lets the C I A take Kim. But just before they go away, Kim manages to snatch a gun from one of the C I A agents and shoot Kim. The C I A panic and quickly grab Kim away from the scene. Seeing that, Park chases them. Unexpectedly, Lee comes and rams the C I A. He takes Kim into his car and drives away. Lee brings Kim back to North Korea by boat. But it turns out that the whole boat\xe2\x80\x99s crew is Kim\xe2\x80\x99s underlings. Lee doesn\xe2\x80\x99t know that recently Kim\xe2\x80\x99s father has come back to power. They kill Lee and throw his body into the sea. Park then learns about it from his superior, but he can\xe2\x80\x99t do anything about it. He only can wait for a future chance while seeing Chae lies on the hospital bed helplessly. 5 years later in Hongkong, Park is hired by the CIA to take Kim into their custody. Kim\xe2\x80\x99s father has now been executed, so he has lost his power. They give him the location of Kim and a gun to take care of his men. He goes to the location and wipes all of Kim\xe2\x80\x99s guards one by one. When he finds Kim, instead of taking him to the C I A, he shoots him multiple times, torturing him, just before he shot him in the head. He then mutilates his body and puts it inside a bag. He goes out from the building to meet the C I A and gives the bag to them. Just before he leaves, he tells the C I A to take care of their own problem from now on. Make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. Thanks for watching, and see you, next time. 