[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and this video, were breaking down all the confirmed, in rumored Marvel characters coming to the MCU. throughout this video, we'll be discussing the x-men, Fantastic Four, Doctor Doom and a lot more. as we are going over some leaks and surprises. that may be some spoilers here. so if you don't anything ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off. now. we are discussing some of the rumored reveals in Black Widow and the Disney Plus shows. so this is your last chance to back out. if you don't want to know anything. you still here, then make sure you subscribe to the channel. and please drop a thumbs up, as it massively helps us out. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into our breakdown of every Marvel character coming to the MCU for phase 4 and 5. ok, it's the first film that's kick-starting phase 4 is Black Widow. though this is set straight after Civil War, it still contains a lot of brand new characters that we haven't seen before. the movie reportedly centers around the Red Room, a training facility that Natasha herself went through that specializes in female assassins. we will be getting introduced to Natasha's allies, including Yelena Bulova, played by Florence Pugh, Red Guardian, played by David Harbor, and Malina Buster cough, played by Rachel Weisz. it's rumored that Bulova will be taking the position of widow in the Avengers since her death and endgame, and that she will be a big focus in the movie. Red Guardian is a Russian Captain America that didn't quite receive the same sort of a claim that his counterpart did. and apparently Vostok off is a former black widow who ends up betraying the group in order to secure the Red Room. she is the big bad that will be in control of taskmaster, who is rumored to be played by ot [ __ ] Ben ley, who is also playing Rick Mason, a former ally of shield that was once romantically connected to Natasha, according to a 4chan leak. we will see firsthand the characters that taskmaster has studied, and these include the Hulk, ant-man, Black Widow, Hawkeye, Steve Rogers and more. however, it also states that there will be a list that mentions characters we haven't seen before, such as James Howlett, aka Wolverine, Wayne Wilson, aka Deadpool, moon night and Ghost Rider. Ghost Rider did appear in agents of shield, but it has been said that he will be dropping into the MCU movies as its own character, though we don't know whether this will be a recast or not. Ray Winstone is also playing Drake of the head of the Red Room, that is rumored to be the father of Natasha, and the man that started the project. up next is the Eternals. and these characters are all people that we haven't seen before in the MCU at all. in the MCU, the Eternals are going to be an immortal alien race that were created by the Celestials, and they've lived secretly on earth for seven thousand years. they initially disbanded, but are reuniting to protect humanity from their evil counterpart known as the deviance, which are the same race that done our stems from. as for the lineup, we have Richard Madden as the most powerful eternal. Jemma Chan is Cersei, who falls in love with Dane Wittman, aka Black Knight, played by Kit Harington. they're said to be the main focus. but alongside them is Kumail Nanjiani as king go, a cosmic, powered eternal that becomes a Bollywood star to blend in. lauren riddle off is Macari, a speedster that's also deaf. there's also Brian Tyree Henry, who is playing fastest, and he will be the first gay superhero in the MCU. salma hayek is a jack, the leader of the group, though if you know the comics, this will likely change. Liam Q is an eternally young member known as sprite. Don Lee is a powerful eternal known as Gilgamesh. Mary Kieran is drugged. and lastly is Angelina Jolie as Deena, who is a brave and fierce warrior. we don't know the ins and outs of the plot yet due to their currently being no trailer, but it is rumored that we will be seeing a young Thanos in flashback. the next film to be released is shang-chi and the legend of the ten rings. as I'm sure you can guess, this will be introducing shang-chi, who is a skilled martial artist that has been tasked with taking down the Mandarin. see Mali is heading up the role as the titular character, and Tony lawang is playing his opposite. we've already seen the Mandarin in the MCU. however, it is said that this film will reveal the real Mandarin, a gangster that's angered over how his name was taken and repurposed by Aldrich Killian. and of course, the lovable, lovable Trevor. now there are rumors that this movie will actually connect to endgame, namely, the Hawkeye scene, in which we see him taking down the Yakuza. according to leaks, the Mandarin rose to power after the snap happened, and this was actually his gang that was slaughtered. he wishes to now get revenge, and shang-chi has to stop him. the Mandarin may also turn out to be shank Chi's father, but that's a rumor, and we'll have to see how it plays out. now there's been a sort of reshuffling, and we don't know for definite whether this will be the case due to delays, but up next is apparently spider-man 3. the film will reportedly feature the debut of scorpion. and though we have seen as alter-ego in homecoming, it's been teased by Michael mando himself that we will be getting his more, let's say, colorful sight. according to leaks on Morbius, the scene in which the titular character bumps into Adrian Toomes, he asks him to join the team that he's setting up. and this is, of course, the sinister six. the six will make their grand entrance in spider-man 3, and this could feature a lineup of vulture, Scorpion, carnage, Kraven the hunter, possibly venom and even more. now, there's a lot of theories and not much confirmed, but it is possible that Norman Osborn could be making his debut too. it was said that the character was due to appear at the end of far from home, and even a visual effects artist said that they'd worked on the scene. but this, as of yet, is unsubstantiated. with Tom Hollands signing on to do six more MCU movies, there are a lot of directions that they can take the character. and I definitely hope that we see The Osbournes popping up in some form or another. up next is thaw, love and thunder, which will be the fourth solo film for the character. we know that Christian Bale will be featuring in the film as its main villain. yet as of now, we have no idea who this is. other notable things in the movie are that Jane Foster will be taking up the mantle of door and cor will be dropping by as well as the guardians of the galaxy. beta. ray bill is rumoured to debut in this too. and it may see the appearance of the as guardians of the galaxy. and finally, in the face for movie lineup that we know for definite is Doctor Strange in the multiverse of madness. this has had a reshuffle or the change of directors, and it will reportedly feature the villain nightmare and a link into one division, which we'll talk about in just a bit. according to the wiki on the movie, Wonder will be the person that sets off the multiverse of madness. and the film will also tie directly into Loki, as for the Disney Plus shows the Falcon and Winter Soldier is Saturday beyou u.s. agent, who will be a government-appointed version of Captain America. one division is debuting Wiccan and speed, the twin children of the pair that both have amazing abilities. lastly is Loki, which will feature the introduction of the TBA, aka the time variants Authority. the TBA are basically an agency that stops timelines and universes from spiraling out of control. and they lock Loki up in order to stop the version we saw an end game running amok. it's also rumored that we'll get the introduction of Nathaniel Richards, aka Kang the Conqueror. but who will play him is unknown as of now. I don't know if it'll be Owen Wilson, but yeah, either way, Kang is amazing, and it's gonna be interesting to see. now, before we get into the phase five, announcements, I just wanna let you know we're giving away a free copy of the MCU infinity Saga box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the characters in the comment section below. but when it's gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of July, and the set will be shipped out from then - ever gets the price, it's the best of luck. - everybody takes part. ok. now, up next are the characters that we've had confirmed will either be introduced in phase 4 before getting their own films in phase 5, or ones that we've heard rumored to be debuting. we do know that Mahakali will be playing blade, and this was announced last year at Comic Con to rapturous applause. black panther 2 is also currently in production, and it is said that Namor the Submariner will be featuring the film as one of the main villains before he becomes an antihero. it was lip service paid to an underwater earthquake and endgame, and is rumor that this will be the event that brings Namor into the MCU, after Atlantis goes to war with Wakanda. as for the antagonist, according to Charles Murphy, this will be Doctor Doom, who has risen to power in between the five-year time jump in endgame, according to the site, Victor Von Doom will be expanding his empire, conquering parts of Africa and ultimately come into conflict with the nation of Wakanda. and the Black Panther. doom is one of my favorite MCU villains. I definitely think that they can do a hell of a lot with him. my opinion, Dallas wasn't that complex of a character in the comics, but he did some incredible things with him in infinity war, and I'm sure they could match that with a movie centered around doom. now, at the aforementioned Comic Con, Kevin Feige did announce that the x-men and Fantastic Four were indeed coming to the MCU. this opens up a lot of avenues and possibilities for the future. now, we did recently hear that John Krasinski and Emily Blunt had both been in talks with marble, though they did not say what role this was for. however, you don't need to be Reed Richards to figure out that it was probably well Reed Richards and Sue Storm. they, of course, could go head to head with doom. and I would love to see them facing off against their classic villain. as for the x-men, and recent behind-the-scenes photos of Falcon and went to soldier, we can see a flag for Matt rapport, which is a key location in the franchise. this is teasing their arrival, though we don't know how they will be brought across just yet. now, I have a fan theory that we've already seen one member of the x-men in the universe, and that is mystique the shapeshifter, who I think will have been blending in as a character this entire time. it would completely pull the rug out from under everyone's feet. and know, this is just a fan theory, it's something I'd absolutely love to see, as it would come as a huge surprise. and the characters we know for definite or miss Marvel, she-hulk and Moon Knight, all of which were confirmed at comic-con by Kevin Feige. it's also been teased that Nova will be joining G to an Easter Egg and far from home. and it seems like the company are lining up a lot of Disney Plus shows and films alongside one another. so we've got a constant supply of content to keep us going. I just hope this stuff isn't delayed any more, as, yeah, there's a lot of things going on in the world, but we know these things are coming eventually. and it really feels like Marvel are gonna have a second win soon with so many of their big names now being part of the universe. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the characters and which ones you want to see the most. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of the latest episode of agents of shield, which is gonna be linked at the end. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you, and it's a thank you. you get access to content early. you wanna come chat just after the show, either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with the channel, and hopefully we see over there very soon. if not, have a lovely week and take care yourself. much love. [Music]. 