welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about memoirs of a geisha. [Music]. in 1929, shio sakamoto, a young girl living in a poor fishing village by the sea, is sold to a geisha house by her father, alongside her sister, satsu, so that they might send money back home. shio is taken in by kyoko nida, the mother proprietor of a geisha house in miyake in kyoto, whereas satsu, deemed too unattractive, is sent to a brothel instead. chio meets granny and auntie, the other women who run the house, and the okia's only work in geisha, hatsumomo, who is beautiful but cruel. chio meets another young girl nicknamed pumpkin, who she becomes friends with. hatsumomo quickly becomes jealous of chio, seeing her as a potential rival, and intimidates chio into acting as her servant and doing anything she says. sheo and pumpkin soon begin training as geisha at a nearby school alongside hundreds of other girls. one night, hatsumomo, returning drunk from a night out, forces chio to destroy a kimono belonging to mameha, hatsumomo's geisha rival. before returning it to her house, mameha catches chio, who is blamed for its destruction and punished by being lashed. and is told that she now owes the okiya even more money, on top of her purchase price and the cost of her geisha training. following a tip from hatsumomo, who hopes chio will run away forever, shio sneaks out of the house and finds her sister satsu in the red light district. they make plans to run away the following night. when chio returns to the okiya that night, she finds hatsumomo having sex with her boyfriend, koichi, whom she is not supposed to be seeing. when cut koichi runs away, and hatsumomo lies, blaming chio for stealing and attempting to run away. however, mother still forbids hatsumomo from seeing koichi again, with everyone barred from leaving the okiya at night, except to attend work engagements. the next night, shio sneaks out to meet satsu and accidentally falls off a rooftop, causing serious injury. mother stops investing in chio's geisha training, and instead makes her a servant to the okia to pay off her debts. mother then tells chio that her parents have died. shio never sees satsu again. one day, while crying on a riverbank went out on an errand chio is noticed by chairman ken iwamura and his geisha companions. he buys her a shaved ice dessert and gives her his handkerchief and some money. inspired by his act of kindness, sheo resolves to become a geisha so that she might become a part of the chairman's life. several years later, pumpkin debuts as a maiko, an apprentice geisha, under hatsumomo's tutelage. shortly afterwards, she was taken under the wing of mameha, who persuades mother to reinvest in chio's geisha training, promising to pay her twice over. after her debut, shio becomes a maiko and takes the name of sayuri. mameha introduces sayuri to the chairman and to shikazu nobu, the chairman's business partner, at a sumo match. nobu takes a liking to her, though sayuri prefers the chairman to increase her popularity. mameha orchestrates the bidding war for sayuri's masuage, after which she will become a full geisha. hatsumomo starts spreading rumors that sayuri has already lost her virginity, making it difficult to secure bidders. to counter this, mameha arranges for sayuri to perform as the lead dancer for a popular dance performance. enraging hatsumoma with jealousy. sayuri's performance attracts the attention of several men, including the baron. mamey has donna. when dr crabb congratulates sayuri at the after party, she convinces him not to listen to hatsumano's lies. the baron later invites her to come to his estate for a cherry blossom viewing party. when the baron presents a kimono to sayuri in private, he undresses her against her will, but does not go any further. sayuri's mizuage is one with a record-breaking bid of 15 000 yen. mother decides to name her as her adopted daughter and the heiress to the okia. crushing pumpkin and enraging hatsumono when returning home from the ma sewage ceremony, sayuri finds a drunken hat simono in her room, where she has found the chairman's handkerchief. the two fight in a gas lantern is knocked over, igniting a fire. the okiya is saved and hatsumomo is banished from gion. her fate is left uncertain. sayuri's successful career is cut short by the outbreak of world war ii. in 1944, working geisha districts are closed, with many of kion's geisha evacuated elsewhere. the chairman sends mameha to work as an assistant for a doctor, while he sends sayuri to the countryside where she works for a kimono maker. after the war ends, nobu asks sayuri to help him impress an american colonel who could approve funding for their business. sayuri reunites with mameha, who reluctantly agrees to help sayuri impress the colonel. sayuri is reacquainted with pumpkin, who is now working as an escort. sayuri travels with nobu, the chairman, mameha, pumpkin and the american soldiers to the umami islands. the colonel propositions sayuri, but she rejects him. nobu confronts sayuri after seeing the proposition and confesses his desire to become her donna. sayori devises a plan to have nobu catch her being intimate with the colonel, hoping that he will lose his feelings for her, and enlists pumpkin's help to do so. however, pumpkin's resentment of sayuri leads her to bring the chairman instead. when sayuri confronts her, pumpkin coldly tells her that she acted in revenge of sayuri's adoption. after returning to miyake, sayuri receives a summons from a nearby tea house, expecting nobu. sayuri is instead surprised to see the chairman, who confesses that he always knew of her identity, but refused to interfere with nobu's feelings out of respect. the chairman also tells sayuri of having organized for mameha to become her mentor. sayuri confesses her love to the chairman and they share a kiss before taking a quiet stroll through the tea house garden. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 