well, do the man of recaps. this is the bachelor, Peter, the pilot, season episode 1. that's right, I'm back recapping The Bachelor. it may be pretty dumb, but honestly, it's addictive. and I gotta see what happens to my boy Peter. he was my pick for Hannah in last season of The Bachelorette. honestly, it was a hilarious, drama-filled season. some of my funniest recaps linked to those in the description. long story short, Peters a sexy pilot. he made it to the top 4 in Hannah's Bachelorette he's just a real chill, down-to-earth guy, a real family man. his parents are hilarious. but he's also a sex icon now, because in fantasy suite weeks he and Hannah famously had sex, you know, windmill, four times. in the end, though, she didn't pick him, and he went home with a broken heart. but now he's the bachelor, and he's ready to find his true love. so let's jump right into it. it's time to meet the girls. it's emotionally exhausting, even for me, sitting on the couch, because you've gotta meet 30 people in a row and like make an emotional connection with each one. that's why a lot of them resort to some funny gimmicks to make them stand out. one girl contort yourself to hide in a suitcase. another one comes with a cow. a lot of them are playing related and kind of funny. some of them just turn out cringy, though. and of course, there's plenty of windmill references. are you ready for round 5? there's two ways to go here. you can be like a nice, sweet girl, or you could be straight-up sexy. this one girls joke is, I have a dry sense of humor, but that's the only part of me that's dry. one of them straight-up blindfolds them and starts making out. yeah. I've always said there should be a no kissing on night one rule. spoiler alert, though, there's a lot of making out going on tonight. so if you're playing the drinking game where you drink for every first night, kiss, chug that bottle of wine. kissing somebody. girls, everybody just gonna happen. yeah. the last girl out of the limo is a big shocker. it is Hannah Brown herself. what's going on? is she gonna be on The Bachelor? no, no, she's just here to say hey and good luck, and give him back the little pilot pin that he presented to her on his night one. that's very sweet, and it's good closure, like, yes, we were in love, but we're definitely over each other now. we're moving on, at least for now. so then night one is underway. basically, Peter gets to take each girl aside and talk to them for a little bit. when that emerges as a front-runner, is also named Hannah, from the South. she's Hannah Ann from Tennessee. and, I mean, she's um, freaking hot. she seems like a real sweet they connect about how much they love their families. but she rubs a lot of the girls the wrong way right off the bat here when she steals three sessions with Peter. yeah, this isn't all fun and games. the first impression, Rose is on the line, and things get cutthroat crazily. there's no, like, set schedule of when they get to hang out with Peter. they basically have to just go up there and interrupt each other. is one girl interrupts by throwing paper airplanes Adam. so then while they're talking, the girl comes back with a giant paper airplane. yeah, take that. the Bachelorette was funny because guys are hilarious in their way, but the bachelor might be even funnier cuz girls are so catty. I'm so happy for you. in the end, it is Hannah Ann who gets that first impression rose, which means she is safe in tonight's rose ceremony. that's right, night one. a bunch of these girls already going home. it's super intense for these girls, but not so much for us, because the ones that go home are ones we don't even remember getting any screen time. so the next morning, The Bachelor is begun in earnest, and it's time for our first group date. he brings him to the airplane place where he flies and stuff, and he brings out two real-life, badass female pilots to drill the girls in a fake flight school. their first activity is a math test. clearly, not most of these girls strong suit, although I can't really talk. I don't know how many feet are in a mile. oh, we should really be on the metric system. then they go on the spinny ball thing. is pretty fun. I did that at Space Camp once. Victoria P though, is super scared. she has bad motion sickness and has a horror flashback to the Disneyland teacups. she faces her fear though, and gives it a whirl. she does immediately barf, but Peters sweet about it, and later is like, I appreciate you facing your fear. and they make out. this is ours later, she had time to brush her teeth. but then it's a sweet Top Gun style walking shot. cuz they're doing an airplane themed obstacle. course, this is hilarious because it's the bachelor, not survivor. these girls prepare themselves for a lot of sitting around talking about emotions, not for physical activity. but they give it their best try, because the winner gets a solo flight with Peter. the final to have a tricycle race. but what's this? Kelly's just ignoring the cones, going straight through it. they're trying to call her out for cheating, but Jeff Probst isn't here. no one really cares. it's Kelly who gets the solo flight. this is prime one-on-one time. all the really wanted this. and Kelly didn't even really need it. she already met Peter before the show yeah, apparently, after she was already selected for The Bachelor, she happened to be at a friend's wedding when he happened to be at another event at the same hotel. they met in the lobby and apparently hung out for like a bit. to be honest, I'm a little skeptical. I wouldn't be surprised if she stalked him there to get a leg up on the competition. in fact, the hotel they're at for this after date is literally where they met. they reenact that connection. and my conspiracy theories aside, she seems like a nice girl, and she gets the first date rose, but the other girls are resentful she's had so much time with Peter even before the show started. so she set herself up as a bit of a villain in the house. the next day is a one-on-one date, and Peter picks Madison. Madison's a championship basketball player from Auburn, Alabama. and whoever gets picked, the girls are all super happy for each other. now, normally, hometowns happens at the very end of the season, and it's a really big deal if you make it that far. Peter's hometown, though, is right down the street from the bachelor mansion. so he's taken Madison here right now. Peters parents have decided to renew their wedding vows right now. he brings Madison as his date. and it's kind of awkward. this is like a big family moment, and she might be going home at any given time. but I guess she made a good first impression on him, and she seems like a nice girl. the next day, it's another group date, and Peter doesn't know what it is yet. it's a mystery. they go into some theater, and who's that on stage? it's Hannah Brown again. she just seems to just always be here. it's kind of nice. I guess she's here to like, mentor the girls. it's also super weird, cuz she's basically his ex. they were this close to getting married just a few months ago. she tells them about her and Peter's sex in a windmill story. and apparently the activity is they're all gonna like, talk about sex openly, because it's like good be open about these things. and I certainly learn that lesson with Luke P last season. but this event never even gets started. Hannah's crying in the back room. so Peters like, hey, what's up? and long story short, she's not sure if she's over him. remember, hannah is not married. her season ended in tragedy as the guy she picked, Jed, had a secret girlfriend back home. so he's like, hey, do you want to come be on the show for real? we'll give this another shot. and so where they hit us with the to be continued. now, clearly, that's not gonna happen. I feel like once they've already gone through the Bachelorette together, it's like, yeah, if we're gonna get together, we just cancel this season and live happily ever after. plus it would be like crazy unfair for the other girls. I feel like this is just some extra drama in misdirection to get everyone freaking out. on the other hand, I have no idea what could happen. in fact, that at the very beginning of the episode, they tease that the season ends in a crazy twist. so he'll see. and so that's where the season premiere of The Bachelor comes to an end. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out. 