[Music], hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1942 romantic drama film Casablanca. so let's get started. in December 1941, Casablanca serves as a town where refugees try to reach America for safety. American Rick Blaine owns a nightclub / gambling den in Casablanca that attracts both French and German officials and people seeking passage to the States. a crook enters the nightclub to sell letters of transit allowing for travel to safety, priceless to the refugees stranded in Casablanca. and Rick ends up in possession of the letters. Rick's former lover, Isla, accompanied by her husband, Victor, arrived at the nightclub. they need the letters to escape to America to continue Victor's work, as he is a renowned fugitive resistance leader. German major Straus has come to Casablanca to see that Victor fails. after making inquiries, Victor suspects that Rick has letters. Rick refuses to sell in any price, telling Victor to ask his wife the reason. shortly after, Strasser has captain Louis Renault close the club Isla confronts Rick at the close Club, and when he refuses to give her the letters, she threatens him with a gun, but then confesses that she still loves him. she explains that when they met and fell in love in Paris in 1940, she believed her husband had been killed attempting to escape from a concentration camp. while preparing to flee with Rick, she learned Victor was alive and in hiding. he grieves to help, letting her believe that she will stay. when Victor leaves, Victor shows up having narrowly escaped a police raid, and Rick has isla leave. Victor tries to persuade Rick to use the letters to take Isla to safety. the police arrest Victor on a minor charge, and Wieck persuades Renault to release him by promising to set him up for the more serious crime with possession of the letters. when Renault tries to arrest Victor, Rick puts him at gunpoint and makes Isle aboard the plane with Victor, telling her that she would regret it if she stayed. Straus er, tipped off by Renault, is shot when he tries to intervene. when police arrive, Renault pauses, then orders them away to round up the usual suspects, suggesting to Rick that they join forces, prompting the famous last line from Rick Lou I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship. so that was a spoiler for Casablanca. if you have a film you'd like to see a spoil let us know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 