before we begin, let me start by saying this is the story of a woman who believes a violent man can change, and that's a good thing. [Music]. whose stars of our movie today are hermione granger, matthew from downton abbey, and the she in murder, she wrote blaze. our story begins with, oh, it's not a book, and there ain't no stepmother. okay. so essentially, there was this arrogant who wouldn't help a lady in who wouldn't help a lady in need because she was ugly on the outside. and she was like, well, you know what? you ugly on the inside. and then she turned pretty or something. and then he tried to apologize, because he's an and then she was like, no and cast a spell on him to make him a big, hairy monster. and the only way he can be unheard is if he finds somebody willing to love his big, furry butt. before his 21st birthday, when this magic rose she was trying to give him, gives up the ghost. so now, what's his name? oh, he ain't even got a name, because he ain't worthy. so i get to call him whatever i want to. so now, juan. so now juan is sad. fast forward a few years where we meet belle, this quirky little nerd who spends her days doing the village thinks is bizarro, like singing songs and reading books. she's a social outcast and cleavage. she sings and reads to sheep. but she's a good little girl who keeps up books and boobies to herself, which is exactly what turns on a cartoon. hugh jackman, this is jean valjean. well, it's not, but it rhymes. it's gaston. and this conceited bombing thinks he's cleavage, some kind of hassle, and apparently the titty triplets agree. so gaston is like, look at me. i'm attractive. and the blonde boob brigade is like, [Music]. and gaston is like, women shouldn't read. next thing you know, you'll be thinking for yourself. so bella's like, i'm going home to lend a hand to my papi. and then they laugh about her. her daddy's our crazy old loom and she's like, my pep is not crazy. he's a genius. as their house goes up in flames, down in the basement, pep is having himself a little wardrobe malfunction. so he runs away in embarrassment. don't get lost, i said, don't get lost. okay, well, at least don't get attacked by rabbit back i said, don't get attacked by rabbit bats. okay, well, then don't almost go off the edge of a cliff and don't lose your hulk, dumb genius bit. and then he finds a big, dark, creaky castle, and it's not scary at all. so he goes relying on the kindness of strangers and talking to everyday castle hold items and looking between their legs. but surprise, this castle is occupied by a big, hairy butt who's an ass. meanwhile, back in the village, gaston valjean is letting belle know she's one lucky babe. just look at all this toad you get to suck. and that's when pepe's host, philippe, trots home without peppy. oh, looks like belle gonna have to knock some skulls. so belle goes to the castle, and don't ask me how the hell she found it where. she just invites herself in and goes traipsing all through the joint and all the personified gadgets decide she's going to fall in love with the harriets and break the spell. frankly, i think they're being a little selfish because they're tired of folks looking through their legs and finding nothing. but belle promises daryl she'll trade places with her pepe. so belle, like it or not, you gotta fall in love with this foul demon, despite his foul behavior and breath, probably, and the fact that he locked up your elderly father in the cellar to freeze his ancient buns off. so he just drags out the dogs, jumps him into some weirdo carriage and then offers bella real bedroom because he's actually a very sensitive soul. and all lord, it is some bad message for young women. so there's a long song and some cleavage skip, and then papi shows up to tell everybody his daughter's being held captive by a big, monster, scary beast thing. and they just keep singing back at the castle. carl is stalking around like a maniac, and they're like, you need her to see past all that ugly and he's like, i'm a and they're like, yeah, we know, but you could try to fake it till you make it. start by trying not to lick your own balls of dinner. and because lamont has his magic mirror thingy, he can just peep in on bell whenever he tickles his damn fancy and belle's like, i'm not having dinner with that mangy mud and now one is sad again. then belle goes creeping and gets treated to a little musical performance by all the knickknacks. and she goes creeping a little more and finds all the rooms where he threw himself a little pity party. then he finds him, becomes violent. and did i mention this some bad message for young women? but then she gets attacked by some wolves, but then harry busts up on the scene and saves the day. and i think that's supposed to make him a hero or something, i don't know. then she takes pity on his sorrows and takes him home and cleans his boo-boos. and they have a big argument and yell at each other. and this relationship ain't dysfunctional, no siree. so now that he's all in love and smitten, and he shows up his big library. now they spend some quality time together, including feeding some birds, having some din din and dancing like they're in the king and i then he lets her use his magic mirror thingy to scope on her papa. and there's his sad ass out there, looking for you, freezing his nips off, dying while you're getting whined and dying. and now one is sad again, because if you love somebody, you have to let them go free to save the daddy you locked up to die in the poke. then she finds him, takes him home and says the thing everybody who's been abused says, he's different. now that's not a joke. but then gaston has the master plan. i forgot to mention, this green goblin is there to take away her daddy to the looney farm. and gets thorn is like, i can save your daddy, but only if you let me put a ring on it. but belle's like, hell to the end. oh no. and by the way, enzo is real. look at this magical mirror thing. ain't he cute? ain't got fleas or nothing. but that stone got to be like, yeah, well, mine's bigger. and he ain't talking about his library. so he locks bell and her daddy in his little tornado cellar, and he gets the townsfolk all jazzed up, and off they skedaddle on a little adventurous sing-along to assist gaston in converting the thing into a beastskin rug. but the enchanted furniture opens up a can of woof, bucket bells, cuphead helps them escape somehow. and back at the castle, the villagers ain't even wondering why the they're throwing down with home decor. then gaston just busts right up in there, and eugene just looks at him like, you know what, just get it over with. so it does. and then he throws his ass out the window. why, i don't know. then bell rolls up, and this scene is called, how beasty got his balls back. then he's like, you lucky. i'm a good guy. now i gotta hocked your ass off here like a loogie. well, henry is just trying to get back to his booty. got stone. got to show his one last time. and of course, no disney movie will be complete without him. oh, but bentley is dying. they exchanged some lovely word, i'm sorry about those hair balls i coughed up at dinner. oh, don't apologize. i will so miss you, you filthy mongrel. well, that's the way i heard it, anyway. but just as the flower dies, bill falls in love with him, and the spell is broken, and light shines forth from his phalanges, and he falls to the ground, returned to his humanly studded because this make-believe. and that looks like the face of a woman who's skeptical. she must be thinking, natural, not a beast. does this mean you no longer got that big library? now all the dishes turn back into real folks and bell and beast. now, man, get married and cleavage, slip off into some hidden cell in the basement and do it donkey style. the end. thank you to these special muffins. star kittens, isabelle, dissie, gabriella, c, chris, oh dan w b, gz, davis c whiskey, neddy, j john k, cheetah, gal, maria, t colette, l college, donny b, grady, oh, fat cat, sylvia and roz griez, without them, and the others you see at the end of other videos, this channel would not exist for movies. explained. for i'm jeb beastidae. you know what's wrong with this movie? not enough cleavage. 