[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1995 animated comedy adventure, Toy Story. so let's get started. the movie begins with six-year-old Andy's birthday. woody, Andy's favorite toy, along with the other toys, spy on the party and are relieved that none of the gifts will replace any of them. but then Andy receives a surprise gift, a space ranger toy named Buzz Lightyear. buzz and presses the other toys, and Andy begins to favor him. as Andy prepares for a family outing at Pizza Planet, his mother allows him to bring one toy along, fearing that Andy will choose Buzz. what he attempts to trap buzz behind a desk, but ends up knocking him out the window instead, resulting in the other toys accusing woody of murdering buzz out of jealousy before they can punish him. and he takes wood ium leaves her pizza planet when the family stops for gas, but he finds that Buzz is hitched a ride on a car as well. they end up fighting, and the car leaves without them. they managed to make their way back to the restaurant by stowing away on a pizza delivery truck. once they arrive, buzz gets them stuck in a crane game where they are picked out by Andy's destructive neighbor, Sid. woody attempts to escape from SIDS house, but buzz, finally, discovering that he is a toy, is helpless. learning that Sid plans to launch buzz aboard a firework, woody restores Buzz's confidence by teaching him that being a toy is okay. the next morning, woody, in SIDS mutant toy creations, rescue buzz. just as Sid is about to launch the rocket. they scare Sid and to no longer abusing toys and coming to life in front of them. Woody and Buzz then leave. just as Andy and his family are driving away to move to a new home. they try to make it to the moving truck, but SIDS dog sees them and chases them. when he tries rescuing Buzz with Andy's RC car, but the other toys, thinking woody has killed RC as well, attack and toss him off the truck. buzz and RC pick up woody and continue after the truck. the other toys realize there stake and try to help them get back out and board, but our C's batteries begin to die. woody ignites the rocket on Buzz's back and managed to throw our C into the truck before they soar into the air. buzz opens his wings to free himself from the rocket before it explodes, gliding with woody to land safely in a box in the van, right next to Andy. on Christmas Day, at their new house, wood in buzz stage another mission to prepare for the new toy arrived. as woody jokingly asked what might be worse than Buzz, they discover Andy's new gift, a puppy. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1999 animated comedy-drama film, Toy Story 2. so let's get started. while Andy prepares to go to cowboy camp with woody, he accidentally tears Woody's arm, causing woody to be left behind. the next day, what he finds a Weezy who has been shelf for months due to a broken squeaker. Andy's mother puts Weezy and a yard sale, but woody rescues him, only to be stolen by a greedy toy collector who takes him to his apartment. Buzz Lightyear and the rest of Andy's toys identify the thief from a commercial to be al Buzz ham, mr. Potato Head, slinky dog and Rex set out to rescue woody at Al's apartment. what he learns that he's based off of a 1950s television show called Woody's roundup, and that, along with Jesse, bullseye and stinky Pete, he is set to be sold to a toy Museum in Tokyo. while the others are excited about going, woody intends to return home to Andy. stinky Pete explains that the museum is only interested in the collection if it is complete, and without woody, they would be returned to storage. when Woody's arm is torn off completely, woody attempts to retrieve it and escape, but his caught when Al's television set turns on. he blames Jesse when he finds the TV remote in front of her. the next morning, Woody's arm is fixed. he learns that Jesse once belonged to a girl who eventually gave her away. stinky Pete warns him the same fate awaits him, whereas he will last forever in the museum. what? he decides to stay. meanwhile, buzz and the other toys reach Al's Toy Barn. while searching for woody, buzz is imprisoned by utility belt buzz, who believes that buzzes of rogue Space Ranger. he joins the other toys who mistake him for Andy's buzz. after discovering Elle's plan, they go to his apartment. well, Andy's buzz escapes and pursues them, accidentally freeing at Zerg toy, who follows with the intent of destroying him. after the toys fine, woody, buzz rejoins them, but what? he refuses to go home. buzz reminds woody that a toys true purpose is to be played with, which he could never experience any museum would. he changes his mind and asked the roundup to come home with him. and Andy's toys, stinky Pete stops them, revealing he was responsible for foiling Woody's escape attempt and framed Jesse for it. Elle returns, takes the gang and leaves for the airport. Andy's toy pursue al, but are caught by Zurg, who battles utility belt buzz and reveals himself as buzzes father. Rex inadvertently knocks ERG off the elevator and utility belt, buzz chooses to remain behind. wizard accompanied by three toy aliens. Andy's toys steal a Pizza Planet delivery truck and foul ale to the airport where they use a pet carrier to sneak in to find owl suitcase. stinky Pete rips at Woody's arm during a struggle, but Andy's toys stuffed him into a little girls backpack. they free bullseye and have to chase down Jesse. the toys return home in a stolen baggage carrier. when Andy returns from camp, he accepts Jesse, bullseye and the aliens as his new toys, then repairs what he's torn arm Elves business has suffered due to him failing to sell the roundup gang, and wheezy squeaker has been fixed. what he tells buzz that he is no longer worried about Andy outgrowing him, because when he eventually does, they will still have each other for company. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2010 animated comedy-drama film Toy Story 3. so let's get started. 17 year old Andy is headed to college, and his toys have not been played with for years. he has sold most of them, except Woody, Buzz Lightyear, Jessie, bullseye, Rex slinky ham, mr. and mrs. Potato Head, the aliens and the green army men. he intends to take woody with him to college and put the other toys in a trash bag to be stored in the Attic, except for the army you men, who leave. Andy's mother mistakenly through was the bag out. the toys escape and climb into her car, into a donation box with Barbie, bound for the Sunnyside daycare what? he follows them, but is unable to convince them that Andi meant for them to be kept and that the mom accidentally donated them. Andy's toys are welcomed by lots o huggin bear, lots oh and the other toys at Sunnyside, except woody. Andy's toys are delighted to learn that Sunnyside never runs out of children to play with. and barbie is enamoured by the handsome ten for what he attempts to return home, but is found by Bonnie, who brings him home. Bonnie's toy, chuckle, explains that he, lots o and big baby, once had an owner, but were lost during a family trip. they made it home where lots o found out that he had been replaced. lots oohs personality change. and he lied to big baby, saying that they were all replaced. when they found the Sunnyside daycare, lotsa took over all the toys in chuckles only escape because Bonnie took him home for repair at Sunnyside. Andy's toys are horrified at the toddler's rough play. buzz asked Lotso to move them to the older children's room, but lot so Pat raised buzz and restores him back to his original factory settings, erasing his memories. miss Potato Head through an eye that she lost in Andy's room, sees Andy searching for them. when they realize woody is telling the truth, they all try to leave. Andy's toys are imprisoned by lotos henchmen, however, who rely on new recruits to save them from the preschoolers abuse. would. he returns to Sunnyside and learns that the only way out is through the trash. Andy's toys accidentally reset buzz to spanish mode instead of his old persona spanish buzz promptly allies himself with woody and falls in love with Jesse. the toys reach a dumpster, but they are cornered by lots of gang as a garbage truck approaches, woody reveals lots of deception to big baby, who throws Lotso into the dumpster. as the toys try to leave, lots of henchmen retreat and lots of drags woody into a dumpster. as the truck collects the trash, the rest of Andy's toys fall into the truck while trying to rescue him, except Barbie Ken and big baby. a falling television lands and Buzz restoring his memory and personality. the truck brings the toys to a landfill where the aliens are swept away by spotting a claw. and the other toys are deposited on a conveyer belt that leads to an incinerator. Woody and Buzz help Lots reached the emergency stop button, only for Lotso to abandon them and escape. the toys resign themselves to their fate as they're about to die in the incinerator, but are rescued by aliens operating the claw lotsa was found by a garbage truck driver who ties him to the front of the radiator grille and drives away. woody and the other toys board another garbage truck back to Andy's home. in Andy's room, what he climbs into the box of college supplies, while the other toys prepare for the Attic. woody leaves a note for Andy, who, thinking the notice from his mother, takes the toys to Bonnie's house. - Andy, surprised, woody is at the bottom of the box, and Bonnie recognizes him, though hesitant at first. Andy passes woody on to Bonnie and they play together before he leaves. woody and the other toys witness Andy's departure as they begin their new lives with Bonnie. during the credits scenes, barbie can and big baby have made vast improvements to Sunnyside daycare and maintained contact with the other toys through letters. after parachuting in the army, men are welcomed at Sunnyside. so that was the spoilers for all the Toy Story movies leading up to Toy Story 4. if you have another film you'd like to see us spoil, please let us know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 