welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we'll be talking about the 1997 film, the lost world Jurassic Park, the second film in the Jurassic Park series. so let's get started. the film takes place four years after the events of the first movie, and begins with Peter Ludlow, John Hammonds nephew, gaining control of his uncle's financially struggling company in djenne. Hammond context Ian, Malcolm, the mathematician from the first film, to have him and a team go to the island of Isla Sorna and abandon Island where the dinosaurs were originally grown. other members of the team include an engineer named Eddie car a video documentarian named Nick van Owen and Malcolm's girlfriend, Sara. once arriving to the island, it is revealed that Malcolm's daughter, Kelly, has snuck aboard the trip as well. on the island, there is a heavy mercenary presence, hired by Ludlow in order to capture various dinosaurs. the leader of the mercenaries decides to try to go after a male Tyrannosaurus Rex, and luring it out with an injured baby t-rex. while trying to capture the baby t-rex. Sarah and Nick let the captured dinosaurs out, which destroys the mercenaries camp. during this they take the infant t-rex to a trailer to mend its broken leg. however, the injured t-rex is cries attract two adult t-rexes, causing their trailer to be attacked and destroyed. but everyone makes it out okay. eventually, the two adults, here X's catch up to the main group again, where the mercenary leader is able to tranquilize one of them. while fleeing from the other t-rex. the main group of heroes and some mercenaries are attacked by velociraptors. the main group escapes, radios for rescue, and they leave the island via helicopter. the triangle eyes t-rex is brought via freighter to the mainland, which ends up crashing into the dock after the entire crew has been killed. the t-rex is accidentally led out and is now running rampant in the city of San Diego. using the injured infant t-rex, they are able to lure the adult t-rex back in, sure it both t-rex's are returned back to Isla Sorna, thus concluding the film. so that was the spoilers for the lost world Jurassic Park. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 