if you are trapped on an iceland and forced to play in brutal children's game where all the losers are executed, what would you do? i am going to break down the mistakes made, what you should do and how to breed every death game in squid game. this guy is the unluckiest man in the world. jion here has just gambled the last of his life savings on a horse track and manages to win 4 million own collecting the money from the tether, he runs out to spend his new hard-earned cash and steps outside to call his family with the good news he's on top of the world. but that's when he notices a gang of lone sharks approaching him and realizes his luck has just run out. panicking, he runs back inside to escape them, but crashes into his oman and falls to the ground, now realizing that this pickpocket has just stolen all of his weaning. the lone sharks finally corner him in the restroom to collect his debt. but when he checks his pocket, he finds it's slashed open and his money has disappeared. with nothing to collect, be forced to sign his contract with his own blood, promising to pay them back in one month. depressed, the glamour sits on the subway bench to wait for that next rain home. when this businessman comes over to talk to him. he asks segun here wants to play a game. and the clamber thinks he is just an annoying salesman. but then he opens his briefcase, reviewing stocks of cash and two folded paper squares. the salesman invites him to play the korean game. duck is promising to give him a hundred thousand own every time he wins, but he will have to pay the salesman if he loses. it's a ridiculous gamble. but with everything to gain, jivin decides he's in the man places. he folded paper on the ground, and the glamour tries to flip it over, but he only manages to make the red tile jump. his failed. but when the salesman takes his turn, he flips it over on the first try. jion tells the man he doesn't have the money to pay him. but the salesman offers to reduce his debt in return for one slap in the face. it's an offer he can refuse. and desperate to win, he takes the slap to continue playing. he keeps losing each round, getting smack after smack, until finally he throws down his tile and flips the salesman's paper over. julian has just went a hundred grand for playing a children's game. but it's not as innocent as it may seem. okay, first of all, let me just say that this guy here needs to be careful, because if any of these trains are going to busan then he is going to instantly regret it. now, as for guild here, accepting this game was a terrible idea. this man can't stop himself on gambling with money he doesn't even have, and against someone who works in front of dutchy in his suitcase and is clearly better at the game than him, anyone with a brain without take that bit. but once kion realizes that it's free money and only requires a slab in the face to keep playing, he doesn't stop to consider that this whole situation is suspicious as hell. look at this guy's outfit here. this man is strictly on business. and since he approached him with such a specific agenda, it tells us he already knew that julian is a degenerated camper, and he's targeting him for some hidden reason. the salesman gave him every possible chance to make sure he's owned some money from him. and nobody tries that hard to lose money unless what you are getting in a return is much more valuable. jian was too greedy to recognize any of these warning signs, and the man let his emotions get the better of him. now none of this guy's suspicious behavior matters if you had a proven strategy to play and win. dakdy is a game that korean school kids play. and it's so popular that the game is even televised for mass entertainment. but it's not the strongest player who wins this game. it's the smartest and most coordinated. if you look at this player here, he manages to flip the player in one try. and that's because he used the most surface area to make more contact with the other paper. if you can strike the target with the flat side of your dark g paper, then the momentum will be transferred and carry the paper up on the bounds so that it flips over. this might seem counterintuitive, but it's just playing physics. and you can see this player was not successful because he was trying to use the age, which is not opening strategy. if jian here had known the best way to play this game, he could hustle his businessman for all his cash and walk away without having to get slapped in the process. now, even though he own this one victory will soon leave the gambler to play in six of the most terrifying death game you could possibly imagine. and instead of a slap in the cheek, he will soon be gambling with his life. julian here collects his warnings, and the salesman tells him he can win more money playing other children's games, but he turns down the offer. that's when the salesman stands up and reveals he knows the exact amount of money gulen owes to loan sharks, and that he will be killed if he doesn't pay it back. the gambler asked him how he knows this, and the salesman hands him a business card, telling him to call if he wants to join the competition of a lifetime. jion considers his offer, but this will be the biggest mistake of his life. celebrating his newfound luck, he turns back home to have dinner with his mother, but the woman knows the money came from gambling. she tells him that his ex-wife is planning to move to america, and he will only be able to see his daughter if he has the finances to prove he can care for her. gn is devastated, and realizing she is right, he decides to call the number on the business card, telling the salesman that he accepts his offer to play another game later that night. he waits outside to be picked up. when a van pulls up to the sidewalk. getting inside, he begins to notice that all the other passengers are asleep. but when the van starts to feel weak toxic gas, the gambler realizes he is just a big time and gets knocked unconscious. when the man opens his eyes, he wakes up to find himself lying in a bunk bed, surrounded by hundreds of others and courts just like him. they are all wearing uniforms and numbers on them. and as everyone gathers in the center of the room, the front door opens and a team of guards walk inside. this man of the square mask tells them they will be played in six different games, and those who make it through all six games will get a cash prize. this man demands to know why they were brought here, and the guard presses a button playing a montage of several people being slapped. everyone in this room is drowning in debt, and they have all been invited here to win enough money to play it off. the players all line up to some constant forms with three clauses, stating that they must keep on playing, that if they refuse to play, they will be eliminated, and that the games can be ended if the majority of players agree to stop. okay, there's nothing more dangerous than a room full of desperate people who have nothing to lose. and that's why the real threat are these players, not just the games. for the video that was played, we can see the taxi salesman use the same trick on everybody. and they have only invited players who are willing to gamble money they don't have on a game they are unlucky to win. its textbook psychological manipulation. and it proves this wasn't a game for cash. this was a test that everyone in the room passed. and now they know what we are willing to say yes to, which should scare the crap out of us. if we all agree to play for more money, then we can be sure that the plenty of losing is going to be a lot worse than a few slaps. now if you pay close attention to the details of this place, you will realize that villain here is about to have a really shitty day. because this place looks like a death camp designed by ikea. and even refugee camps don't just take their bank six beds high, and everyone is given a uniform with a number instead of their name. so their identities have been stripped from them. and it's an immediate red flag that this is going to be become a death game. if prison rules apply here, then there are 455 other people who might kill you to get ahead. and it won't matter what game you are playing. the best strategy right now is to lay low, stay quiet and observe our surroundings to gain more information to make sure we have a competitive advantage. a key thing to notice here is that these guards have different shapes on their mask. but this could indicate different work rows. the circles could be workers, and the square make could be a manner of some kind of recognizing power is extremely important, because it helps you behave accordingly. and pleasing of the wrong person just might get you killed. now, singing this contract is the cherry on top of the death game here, because after being dragged against your will and kidnapped, this whole enterprise is completely illegal, which means the contract can't be binded. this is designed to create the illusion of choice and keep you playing, even when and this start getting really up. the fact that nobody here has realized this contract is meaningless tells us they aren't prepared for what's about to happen next. after being proceeds, they are all taken to their first game, entering an outdoor room with a massive clearing. and in front of them is a giant doll standing at the other end of the field. jun here recognizes one of the players as his childhood friend, sangu and walks up to say hello. suddenly, the gates behind them locked shut. and the competitors are told they will be playing the children's game. red light, green light. players must run to the finish line while the doll looks away. but if it looks back and catches them moving, they will be eliminated. they have only five minutes to cross the finish line. and with that, the game begins. the players start running across the field, but the doll suddenly announces red light before anyone expects it. and this player is caught completely off guard. it spots the man still trying to catch his balance, and a voice announces that he's eliminated. suddenly, a gunshot rings out, and the player collapsed to the ground, motionless. he's just been shot dead. and realized they have been tricked into playing a death game. everyone starts running for the exits, but the doll is detecting every moment, and bullets start flying. by the time the shooting stops, over 100 people have been murdered, and the surviving players are left frozen in fear. the doll turns it head back, announcing its green light, and the group starts moving again, determined to make it out of here alive, using this guy like a shield. this girl cleverly falls behind another player to hide herself from the door's side. the game girl who stole the gambler's money earlier when he was running from the loan sharks. and without hesitation, she pulls the man down. to launch herself ahead of the packagion here tries to move forward, but he's grabbed by the injured player who begs him for help. one wrong move and he is going to get him shot. but luckily, the doll turns back around just in time and he breaks out of the man's grip. there's now one minute left, and the players are finally starting to reach the finish line. the man is only a few meters away from being this game, but just as he takes a step forward, he trips over a dead body. he's about to fall on the ground, but another player saves him life, holding him up until the doll announces green light. with only three seconds on the timer, gulen jumps through the air and finally makes it across the finish line. and remembering, players who haven't crossed are all brutally shot to death. and the survivors look up to notice a massive roof close overhead. they have no idea they are on a private iceland in the middle of now here, and the only way to out of here is to win. that's one game down, with only five more to go. okay, this is the most horrifying children's game i have ever seen. but double zero one here is having the time of his life because he understands something that everyone else is too scared to realize. this game isn't just about speed. it's about how much ground you can cover with enough stability to freeze at any given moment. with this in mind, the best method here is to walk with feet flat on the ground and a wide stance so our center of gravity stays low and stable. this old man was born for this moment because he moved with a very stable date. and it's the best example of how everyone there needs to work it they want to make it now alive. now we can't afford to be frozen and shocked like jion here, because there's a lot of ground for us to cover in a very short time. this room is designed to deceive you into thinking it's smaller than it is. but there's a trick we can use to judge the distance so that we know how fast we need to work to reach the finish line before the clock runs out. taking advantage of parallax and anatomy, you can actually use your thumb to figure out the length of the field. the space between your eyes is about one-tenth the length of your arm. so if you stuck your thumb out, closing one eye after another, your thumb would appear to move one tenth the distance as the card are from where you are standing. you can actually try this right now by sticking your thumb out in front of you and closing one eye, and then switching to the other eye to see your thumb move. if you do the math here, this trick tells us that we are at least 100 meters away. that means that this place is roughly the length of a soccer field. so if we want to make it across in five minutes, we can't afford to waste even one second. one of the biggest mistakes you can make here is looking at the doll instead of watching where you are placing your feet. it's important to remember that we aren't responding to visual cues here. we are listening for red light, green light. we can't risk trapping or accidentally losing our footing. so watching our foot helps us shut out unnecessary information so we can concentrate on stability while keeping our ears out for the signals. the next thing i would do is try to protect myself. and there's nothing more safe in a death game than finding a good old fashioned meat shield, if we position ourselves behind another person, then it makes it much harder for the robot to detect any movement if we happen to flinch at a gunshot or react to another player dying close by. so walking behind someone is the best insurance we have to hide it. now the most dangerous element of the scenario is actually the other players trapped in here with us. we have to realize that we are extremely vulnerable to anyone who wants to communicate their way out of here. if you get pushed over, then you are taking you out with them. and it only takes one tiny movement to get you killed. so we will need to stay far enough away from people that they can't interfere with their process. the best way to do this is to position yourself along this wall. into this also give us another point stability to help us stop in time, and we can make it to the finish line without getting killed. after the game, the guards come in to congratulate the survivors on passing and announced that 255 players were killed. it's a horrifying number. and afraid of her life, this woman steps forward, begging the man to let her go home. several other players joined her in protest. but that's when this massive piggy bank drop in above them, and start to feel with more cash than you have ever seen in their lives. the survivors are shocked. and the must man tells everyone that they have an opportunity to win 45.6 billion own but if anyone lives, then they won't get a single penny. with that. a voting machine is set up in front of them, and they all cast their votes, but the majority of players agreed to quite the must man tells them they can still come back if a majority agrees to compete again. and the players are sent back home. now it turns out that every single one of them realize their lives outside are much worse than they remember. and gian here returns to keep playing. but they are all going to instantly regret it, because this next death game is even more screwed up than the last. the van take them and to the private iceland, where a team of workers dressed them into their uniforms. and the players finally wakes up back in the same place as if they never left. later that night, coolant talks with his childhood friend and suggested they team up for the next game to increase their odds of winning. the man agrees it's wise to join forces and spawn the players who rescued him last game. the gambler insists this man joined them too. that's when the old man asked if he can also be a part of their team. and gulen happily accepts him into the group. but his friend is not happy he invited someone so old to join their team. the next morning, all the players are laid into a new arena. and as they pour in, they find an oversized playground in front of them. if voice instructs them to line up in front of one of the four ships on the walls, and their choices are a circle, triangle, star and umbrella. that's when changu here has a flashback to his childhood and suddenly realizes what this game is. but the man doesn't tell anyone what he's just discovered. jion here ask him if they should all choose the same shape, but he rejects the idea, suggesting they should split up to reduce the risk. finally, the doors open as announcer instructs them to take a case of the tables. and the players find a thin piece of hard sponge trophy with a shape in the middle. they will have to use the needle to poke out the shape in 10 minutes. but if they crack it, they will be executed. the game begins, and gulen here carefully starts breaking off piece of the candy. but another player immediately cracks his honeycomb in half without hesitation. the guard pulls out his pistol and shoots the man dead, making him the first casualty of his game. it starts a chain reaction as more people are executed without mercy. june is waiting for the pressure in the umbrella is the hardest shape to cut. but suddenly the man has a relevation, revelation. seeing the bits of sweat falling onto the candy, he realizes he might be able to melt it with his saliva from the bottle, because the outline the shape is thinner than the rest of the honeycomb. he starts to leak the toffee, while other players begin to follow his lead. and with 12 seconds left on the clock, jion desperately breaks apart his honeycomb perfectly removing the umbrella from the mall. despite all odds, he is on again, there's two games, so with four more to go. okay, this might seem easy, but if you pick the wrong shape in this game, you have an extremely low chance of surviving. for those of you who are unfamiliar, this candy is known as take owner. and removing the shape without cracking it is very common game that korean vendors play with kids, which is why the players recognize it as soon as they open their tin cans. it's made out of melted sugar and baking soda, creating a unique structure inside, which makes it hard to predict how it might crack. in fracture machines, this is known as strain energy. and when it releases, other micro cracks start to spread, making it crumble more easily. that it is exactly what makes this game so challenging. because as careful as you are, is just might make your candy crack on your without warning, and you will be shot in the face. the more sharp angles there are in the shape, the more you are likely to break it. and that's why jion hair is completely screwed, because he chose an umbrella which has the most angles by far. this teammate here told everyone to split up to spread out the risk. but if you think about it, his suggestion is total bull spreading out just makes it harder for the group to work together, because they won't be facing the same problems. for this reason, i would have suggested that we all select the same shape so that whatever solutions we can find, we can all benefits from them. and when it's clear that this guy is intentionally trying to get the other players killed in order to increase the price pool for himself, and that's cold blooded as hell, now there's still a way to increase your chance of choosing the right shape without working what the game is. locked at how these first two players rush in to select a shape before anyone else. both of them choose triangle. and when nobody supposed to know what the game is yet, it probably means they recognize the game from their childhood. now this doesn't guarantee that triangle is the best choice, but given they are so sure of themselves when the stakes are life and death, it's not unreasonable to assume that someone this confident has probably figured something out. if the players were unsure of their decision, they would take more time to think about it. and if you have no idea what the game is, following their lead to going to be your best option. now if it just so happens that we get stuck with the worst shape possible, there's still hope there, because the rules never stated that you could only use the needle. and that opens up a lot more possibilities too, when using your saliva is a smart move, because giant weight makes the candy softer, and you will be able to cut the shape out without cracking it. this might seem obvious, but under a craze about a stress like this, it's hard to see other solutions if you are already told now you are supposed to solve them. and most of the players here were so fixated on using the needle they didn't stop the thing outside of the box. this is actually very similar to the candle problem, which was a famous psychological test in the 1950s. the subjects were given a table, a box of thumb backs, some matches and a candle. they were then instructed to stick the candle to the wall without letting any wax strip into the table. but they have to come up with a solution as fast as he possible can. what's interesting is that most of the participants didn't consider that the box itself could be used to solve the problem until their time ran out. and it had everything to do with time pressure and how the itself were presented to them. we can learn from this by considering all the tools we have to work with. but none of these players realized they might be able to use the tin can here to solve their problem. instead of looking the candy to death, they could have used the cannon to collect their liquids and soak the bottom of the candy way faster. all the players go back to the main room where the results of the second game are announced. 79 people were killed, with 108 left standing. and that's now 34.8 billion own in the bank. later the players will gather for lunch time, but when the last of them walk up to get food, they're shocked to find there's nothing left. angry, the man yells at the guard for being unfair. but suddenly this girl stands up and points across the room, telling everyone that these players here cut the line to take seconds. the man walks up to the gangster and tries to pull the water out of his hand, but he is overpowered, and the bottle shatters on the floor. furious, this guy slaps him to the guard and starts beating him to death, as the girls do nothing do to stop him. all of a sudden, the scoreboard announces another player has died, and the total cash price goes up by 100 million own a couple of guards walk in to take the body away, while everyone stares in war, realizing that this game just got a lot more dangerous. later, sangu here tells his team to stay awake. tonight is easy. they're attacked. the other groups are preparing for a fight, but guild here notices this girl across the room and recognizes her as a pickpocket who stole his money. the man approaches and invites her to join the team, but she rejects his offer, insisting no one here can be trusted. that night, they all get into their beds and nervously wait for the guards to leave the room. once the lights are turned off, several people slowly begin to leave their courts, searching for an easy kill. suddenly, this player panics as the thug grabs her and stabs the woman to death. this one murder causes a chain reaction, and all the other players begin killing each other for cash. june and his team tried to defend themselves, but vaseline here the old man begging everyone to stop fighting. and when the lights turned back on, the guards ran into the room, putting a stop to the madness. okay, this just might be scarier than the actual game so far. there are no rules or restrictions here, and when you are literally out, more dead than life, everyone in this room has a motive to kill you. now with that said, this is actually the best thing that could possibly happen. there where a total of 27 players who died in the chaos. and while those are better odds than any of the death games so far, this wipes out a lot of competition that we would otherwise be facing. in the next challenges, all we have to do is survive the night, and the other players can kill each other off for our direct benefit. the best strategy here is to run to the corner of the room and defend your position with a group of friends. this might seem counterintuitive, but when it's completely dark and you can't see who's coming for you, being cornered in like this leaves you with only 90 degrees of vulnerability, and that's much better than being in the middle of the room. where you would have a full 360 degrees to be attacked from. if you don't have a group, then we should be hiding under one of the bunk beds. as soon as the lights go out, the killers won't be able to look for anyone in hiding under one of bunk beds. as soon as the lights go out, the killers won't be able to look for anyone in hiding because it's too dark to see. so this just might be the only time i'll ever tell you that hiding under the bed is a good idea. and hey, i don't mind being called a coward if we end up out leaving everyone else as a result. the next morning, all the players wake up, but jion here notices how tired the old man is, and finds out he stayed up all night watching over the team in case someone attacked them. he is exhausted. but there's no more time to rest, because the third game is about to being the players are led into a white room where they are told to divide themselves into groups of 10. song, who here realizes that a team game could mean it's a physical challenge, and things they should find stronger mean to join them. the group splits up to search for more players, but with time running out, they only managed to bring in outcasts. realizing that three skinny women and an old man could put them at a severe disadvantage, the groups are taken into another room where they see two massive platforms, and they are told that today's game is tug of war. they'll need to pull in the rope until the other team falls off the platform to their deaths. and the guards draw lots of decide who will go first. when it's finally their turn, jion and his team stand up to see who they will be facing, but find that their opponents are all stronger than team. they are completely outmatched, and no, they won't be able to beat them with brute force. but as they ride the elevator up to the platform, the old man tells then he knows exactly how to win. gluin takes a position at the front of the act as leader, with the strongest player at the very back. the group stands on alternating sides with their feet pointed forward. and as soon as the game begins, they all lean back as far as they can, using their whole body to pawn the rope. with this technique, they will able to get the advantage within the first 10 seconds, and talk the other team closer to the age. but it doesn't last for long. their opponents gain their second wind, and the group loses their footing as their drag closer to the age of the platform. but that's when sung who here, has a brilliant idea. he yells at everyone to take three steps forward at his signal. and with no other plan, they do as he sees. the group steps forward, knocking the other team of balance, and it sends them tumbling to the ground. now, with the advantage glue and steam, is finally able to pull the others off the platform. and as the blade cuts through the rope, the players call ups just happy to be alive. the players call ups just happy to be alive. that's how three games they have owned. and there's only three more to go. okay, for anyone who's picked last in gym class, this one has got to bring back some painful memories, because it's immediately clear that the biggest and strongest player are going to dummy in this game. if you are weak, too old, like these guys, you are at serious risk of getting your whole team killed. now i am not going to say that they own just because they had plot arm. but if i were them, i would be looking for every possible way to cheat. because of the players we have, it's going to be our best chance at surviving. now the truth is, this isn't just a children's game. talk of war used to be in the olympics from years 1900 to 1920, and this day, the international olympics committee still recognizes it as an official sport. if this seems like treval information, i assure you it's not. because, unlike silly children's games, and official sport has tons of rules with governing bodies to make sure that the game is being played fairly. the reason this is important is because these rules are created to prevent him from gaining an unfair competitive advantage. now that doesn't put a smile on your face, then you are not paying attention. because in a death game like these, unfair competitive advantages are everything we could possibly want to stay alive. in a death game, official sport rules are basically a gift wrapped instruction manual for how to cheat and win. because the workers are not going to be holding a training camp on proper tag of war techniques, and there's no referee on this platform. if we know what the official rules are, then it's reasonable to assume that we can break them without getting punished for it. the first rule i would break is called locking. this is usually done by placing your elbow behind your thigh, and it locks up any back and fourth movement in the rope, normally a tug of wire. your hands are the only point of contact with the rope, and it means that your arms are doing a lot of work. but locking helps you easily use your entire body's weight to pull with. and this rule break makes it much harder for the other team to win. another form of cheating is for the player in the back to use what's called an anchor grip, where they wrap the end of the rope around their torso this allows the last player to concentrate on using his full body to pull, without even needing to place his hands on the rope. there are tons of tug of war rules that we can break here that we give us an unfair advantage, and it's the best way for a team like this to win no matter what. now, if we are about to lose, we are going to need a hill mary tactic. and the best thing we can do is to have the whole team shift to one side while the player in the back ties the rope to this metal ball here. this doesn't violate any of the rules stated by the square mask. and if we keep pretending to pull while letting our arms recover, the other team will have no idea we are cheating, and they will blow their muscles out. these anchors can also be used as footholds, instead of relying on the friction of the floor to push off. the next morning, the players are brought to another room where they are giving instructions for the next game. they will need to pair up with one other person, and they have 10 minutes to find a partner. the players immediately start looking for anyone that will help them win. but gion here notices that they are all ignoring the old man approaching him. he reaches out of hand, offering to be his partner, and the two join up. by the end, the only person who doesn't have a partner is this woman. and with an odd number of players, everyone else lives for the game while she is dragged away by the girls. inside the arena, the players are laid through a room that looks like an old korean neighborhood. and are each given a pouch filled with 10 marbles. and old man tells his partner that he was good at playing with them as a kid, but makes him promise to be ganbu best friends if he wants a chance to survive this game. suddenly, an announcement tells the players they must use the marvels to play a game of their choice and take all 10 of them from their partner in order to win. jiang here decided to play a game of odds or events, and his partner has never played before. but after only a few rounds, all here manages to get the better of him, winning all but one of his marvels. the man is devastated, and he begs his partner to help him survive, asking for one last chance to play against the other teams, to take their marbles. instead, his partner decides to trust him, and that's when, thank you asked for the man's pouch. placing it under his jacket, he secretly switches it out, which he secretly switches it out with his own before stripping his shirt to create a sling. hanging his pouch around the man's neck, he tells him to go searching for others to play against. and the man lives with his partner gone. he puts his last marble in the pool pouch is stole, and hands it over the guard, becoming the winner. it's a filthy trick to play, but he did what he needed to survive. meanwhile, guillen plays against the old man, cheating in each round until he's down to one less marble. realizing he about to lose, he decides to surrender to his best friend. and golan breaks down in tears. with all 10 marbles, he walks away the winner as the old man gets killed. and with four games down, there's only two more to go. okay, this death game has a lot more possibilities than any of other challenges, because for the first time, we get to choose how we want to play. now the danger here is that there's only 30 minutes on the clock, and if your partner refuses to continue, you will run out of time before you have own all their marbles, which will get you killed. playing a single all or nothing round will solve this problem, but it's a risky strategy, because if you lose, there's no way to win your marbles back. now there's guys here are playing the game odd or even, where your opponent cases if the number of marbles in your hand is odd or even, and if they guess right, they get to take them. winning this game is based on pure chance. and for someone as smart as sango here, he should have realized that this game would give him no way to use a strategy to an advantage. instead of games of blind luck like this, we should be looking for something that your opponent thinks they can win, but that you know you can win. and for that, there's nothing better than an unsigned chinese game called neem. this game has been around for countries, but what makes it special is that there's actually a proven strategy to guarantee a victory. if you are not familiar with the game, this is how to play. first, we combine our 20 marbles together into a shared pile, and take turns removing either one or two marbles at a time. whoever removes the last marvel gets to keep all of them and wins the game. it's so simple that you would think there couldn't possibly be a strategy here. but the key to this game is to always go first and remove exactly two marbles. then whatever they remove, you remove the opposite. for example, if they remove two marbles, then you remove one. and if they remove one marble, then you remove two. if we keep this going, then you are guaranteed to remove the last marble and you will never lose. most people don't know this mathematical trick exist, and that's why it is perfect game to choose in the situation. because when our victory depends on another players comparison, we can use name to trick anyone into agreeing to play, and they won't realize they have lost until it's too late. now it might be that there's just now enough time to invest in playing a full game of nim because the longer it takes your opponent to make decisions, the more he puts you at risk of getting executed. if that's the case, then we should follow these guys dirty tactics and steal our partners marbles. to do this, we should ask for their pouch in order to set up the game. but once they have handed them over, just go straight to the guard and declare you have made the win conditions. the other player will probably attack you in protest, but violence is not allowed in this game, and your opponent will be threatened at gunpoint. if he does, once you have his marvels, there's nothing to stop you from winning. and in a death game like this, we have to consider every tactic at our disposal if we want to stay alive. and victor's return to the main room, and they are all surprised to see that this woman is still alive. she explains that since she had no one to pair with the game, let her skip the challenge. and after everything they have been through, the others are furious. the next morning, all the players wake up to a group of girls coming in with a coffin. and gion here realizes that one of their fellow players decided to quit during the night. looking up, they watch the man's life turns into cold, hard cash. and that's when the pa announces that the fifth game is about to begin. the group is taken to a room with a royal mannequins wearing numbered vests. and they are told they each choose one for their next challenge. rushing in, everyone gets their pick. but when jian finally step up to choose, the only best left for him are numbers 1 and 16. he considers taking number one, even though that means he will go first but this player asked to have the number instead, and he agrees to let him take it. finally, they are brought into the game room, and the announcer tells them they will be playing glasses taping stones. they must remove their shoes and walk over tempered glass to make it across the bridge. but if they step on a panel made from regular glass, they will fall to their death. with 60 minutes on the clock, the first player takes off his shoes and approaches the breeze. nervous, he jumps to the first tile and makes it. but when he moves on the second the man falls straight through the glass. horrified, the other players have no choice but to continue, and more people start crossing the glass breeze. one by one, they plummet to the ground as they slowly reveal a path of stable panels for the others to follow. with the first eight players dead, it's now the gangster's turn to lead the group, but he refuses to move on, telling the others to go before him if they want to pass. everyone behind him starts to panic. they still have five panels left and are quickly running out to time. suddenly, the gangster comes face to face with this woman, and she mocks him for being a coward jumping onto his platforms. she locks her arm around him, threatening to pull him off the ledge if he doesn't continue. but before the gangster knows it, they break through the glass panel. as they both fall to their deaths, with only a handful of survivors, and least then three minutes left. this man crouches down to inspect the panel in front of him son, who begs him to keep on moving. but he reveals that he was a glassmaker for 30 years and can tell which panels are tempered from the reflection. the man jumps towards onto a stable panel, and they realizes his theory is working. but that's when the game decides to make things more challenging and turns off the light so they can't tell the difference. panicking sango here realizes they won't be able to see the reflections anymore. but the glass maker has one last trick up his sleeve. he asked for something to throw out the panels, explaining that tempered and regular glass make different sound. given here passes over the marble he still has, and the glass maker tosses in front of them, but with the less than 25 seconds remaining. sangu decides to take matters into his own hands. he pushes the man forward, shattering the glass into pieces. and with the path clear, they all make it to the other side. when the timer hits zero, the remaining glass panels suddenly explode and the shades go flying through the air, injuring the three survivors. that sound five games down and one more to go. okay, this glass maker was a total badass. he could have saved all 16 players if he shared his knowledge in the beginning, but he knew that keeping his mouth shut would eliminate his competition, and it was a better move. the only mistake he made was not waiting longer, because once he revealed his strategy, the game removed his advantage, and all it took was one greedy man to kill him off. now, having said that, this game is different from the previous challenges because it's not a test of skill or strength. when you have no information to base your decision on, choosing the right path here makes a game a random chance. if you look here, you will see that there are 18 pairs of panels. so this first player has a one in 262 144 chance of making it across this breeze. this is basically a death game, lottery with odds that i wouldn't play under any circumstances unless i found a way to cheat. by the few of advantages, it's fair to assume that each player will probably step on two panels before dying, with one correct guess and one wrong one. that means, on average, nine players will need to die in order to cross all 18 of them. if the majority of the players are going to die, then it might be the perfect time to convince them to vote on leaving the competition. this game is like telling someone that if they don't win the lottery, they will get murdered. and when you put it like that, it's kind of ridiculous that the first players even attempt to play. now if we actually choose to play the horse, we are going to have to cheat if we want any chance of making it to the next round. i am not expert glass maker like this guy here, but all i need to know is that if you throw something through window, it's going to break. that's exactly why i would have collected these shoes here. take my jacket off and tie a knot at the end of the sleeve, then place a bunch of shoes inside so that we can swing it in front of us to test if the glass will break or not. if it crack, then i jump to the opposite panel and continue until i reach the end. if for some reason this method fails, we can also try working on the metal bars here instead of the glass. now this might be considered unacceptable to the game designers, but if someone doesn't try it, will never know if it's allowed or not. the only win condition for this challenge is to make it across the bridge. and we have already seen others game where the players are able to manipulate the rules to their advantage. if you remember, in the last game, jango him the marvels instead of playing for them. and when things get desperate, these are the kind of tactics that we need to start using. if we don't test the boundaries of what's allowed in each and every game, then we might be missing out on some of the best strategies that will keep us alive for longer. and it's a terrible waste of an opportunity. later, the players are rewarded for surviving to the final game and given the first real foot they have had in days starving the men dig into their stake, realizing this could be the last meal of their lives. when they finishes eating the stuff, leave them with their steak knives. and by all appearances, this next game is going to be a visual fight to the death. that tonight, jion here decides to approach the girl to talk. he asked her what she will do if she survives. and the girl reveals she wants to get her mother out of north korea so their families can reunite. it's a touchy moment. but suddenly looks over the notice the other players splouching in his bed. he's falling asleep. and the man realizes he's got the perfect opportunity to kill him. pulling out his steak knife, he is about to step forward when the girl stops him, insisting he shouldn't play this way. he hesitates, but the man knows she is right and puts the knife away. that's when he hears the girl gasping. and turns around, shocked to find her leaning over the bed. and realizing she was injured by the flying glass in the last game, worried, he runs over the front door and screams at the staff to treat her owned. to his surprise, the light suddenly turned on as the workers entered the room carrying a coffin. but they aren't here to help. green looks behind him and sees sango standing over the girl's bed, and his knife is soaked in her blood. furious, jion goes to attack him, but a guard intervenes, shoving the player to the ground. and as he screams in fury, the coffin closes over the woman's body, leaving the final two players left with one last game. okay, this was devastating, but we all should have seen it coming. sango here has managed to stay alive because he's the most cold-blooded player in the game. but that's why he was 100 correct to kill this woman. he realizes that with three players left, there was a huge risk that if the others banded together, they would have a majority. using the third clause of the contract, this will let them force abort to quite the game, and he wouldn't be able to stop them. if they were me, i wouldn't let that happen under any circumstances, because we have come away too far to give up. now, that's why he took matters, due to his own hands before it got that far. and it was a brilliant move to make. now, to be fair, this girl was already bleeding out and was simply not strong enough to compete at the next game. her only options were to kill the men during the night or to force a vote and return back to the mainland. both of this benefit nobody but herself. and jion here seems to keep forgetting that he is a finalist in a death game, saying, you just did him a huge favor and wiped out 33 of the competition. so as heartless and cold-blooded as it was, the man did exactly what he had to do. the two men are taken to a corridor where their trendy coin will be flipped to decide who will be defending or attacking. picking triangle gun here wins the toss and chooses to play offense, before the players are finally told that for the last round, they will be playing squid game. as the attacker, blue, must enter the squid shaped coat and tap his foot inside a circle on the other end to win. the defender wins if he manages to toss the attacker out of the court. but any kind of violence is allowed, and the last person standing will be the winner. suddenly, the sky goes dark and it starts to rain. as the two players take their positions, determined to get visions for the girl. journey here works towards his childhood friend and starts swinging his knife, but the other player manages to get him in a choke hold. the two men go at it, and as the player get locked into a wrestling match, his opponent picks up his knife before stabbing glenn deep into the thigh. he kicks the other player away from him, but with his injuries, he can barely defend himself. the man walks up to him and tries to end his life. but jion won't give up, catching the knife at the last second and bites his ankle, forcing the man to back off. exhausted, he climbs over his friend and beats him into the ground. xango is too weak to continue, and even though he has the perfect opportunity to kill him, jan spares his life. getting on to his feet, he asked the guard about clause number three, and if they are still allowed to end the game, if both players agree to quit. he then offers a hand to his friend, telling him they can both go home. but the man decides to sacrifice himself, letting june win. by default, he's completed all six games and on 45 billion own, but has just lost his friend in the process. okay, sango took the honorable way out, but to be fair, this guy had it coming to his because he was just about the host childhood friend you have ever asked for. first of all, he tricked jian into picking an umbrella in the second game, knowing that it might get him killed. and he also stole his other teammates marvel, which was downright disrespectful. having said that, we cannot get emotional like jion here, because this kind of behavior will backfire on you quickly. he's furious that song who killed the girl, but it's distracting him from his priorities of staying alive and finding strategies to win this last game. now, if the man had kept his cool, he would have noticed that all the walls of the room were images that told him exactly what the next game would be. these pictures have been here the whole time. and if glenn had noticed this drawing of the squid game court with only two players inside. with that kind of evidence, all you need to know is how to play squid game to figure out what tactics will give us our best chance to win. so let's break down how this game actually works. first, there are two sides, and offense and a defense. the attacking players begin the game by trying to run across the court here, while the defender tries to stop them. if they succeed, the game enters stage two, and the attacker must run through this narrow gap and break the defense. but only wins by tapping his foot on his tiny space. lastly, if he gets pushed out of bounds by the defender, that he losses. now that you know the rules, imagine if you are the attacker trying to run through this gap, except this time the defending player here is holding out a stack knife. this is why choosing to play offense is a terrible strategy, because they are actually not playing squid game at all. they are playing a new game called kill your childhood friend. and in fact, that they are both given stick knives completely changes how we should be thinking about this. to put it another way, if sumo wrestlers were allowed to use stick knives in competition, they would have to completely change their regular strategies in how to play and win the scenario. jion has to make it through this tiny opening without getting stabbed. but all sango has to do is push him out of the court or kill him. choosing the defender is going to give you a better chance to win, because the knife makes it almost impossible to enter the gap without getting seriously injured. if i wear him, i would even try standing where the opponent is supposed to tap his foot. this loose the attacker closes to the aid of the court here, and we might be able to throw him out of bounds to win the game. it doesn't require nearly as much energy, agility or endurance as the offensive player needs to have. and that's why guild made the worst possible choice. now this is not the only mistake that he made, because even while the game was being played, he was so caught up in gaining revenge that he completely forgot the main objective. this man had several opportunities to run through the gap and tap his foot on the circle to win, but he completely ignored it and continued fighting its the game problem he had at the beginning with a dog to player. because when he finally owned and flipped the paper. he was so caught up with his emotions that he wanted to return the slap, and forgot that he was playing for one hundred thousand own its. jian's host character flaw, and it nearly cost him his life. he is taken back to the mainland and dubbed on a sidewalk with a special debit card as a reward. when he puts it into an atm, he discovers it's full of the prize money from the death game. one year later, june here is miserable and hasn't touched any of the money he owned. but as he sitting on a riverbank, a woman asked him to buy one of her flowers because they while. he pays for a single rose, and she gives it to him. but then he discovers an envelope was added to it with a pink ribbon. opening it, he finds out it's a squid game business card for the old man invited him to a reunion in the city. going to the address, he enters his building and is shocked to find that the old man lying in a gurney. he's somehow still alive. and glean demands an explanation about who he is. and old man tells him he created the dead games, and the only reason he joined was so that he could feel like a kid again. dion is completely disgusted, but the old man dies before he can answer any more of his questions. several days and one crazy haircut later, he is traveling to the airport to visit his daughter when he spots someone slapping a guy on the platform, and he realizes it's the doxy player who gave him the business card. furious, he runs over the other side of the tracks to confront the man, but he's already gotten the train and left. blue and hair was up to the person he was playing with. and sees he was given a card. taking it out of his hand, he discovers it's an invitation to the death game. later, he is about to board his plane and decides to call the number on the card. he demands to know who the kidnappers are, but the person on the other end tells him to get on board. that makes guillotine furious, and he turns back around, deciding to stop the squid game before more people get hurt. but what do you think? how would you beat squid game? let me know with a comment down below. thank you so much for watching. leave a like and subscribe. and check out how to be playlist for more videos like this. until next time, have a damn good day. 