a freshly possessed high school cheerleader turns into a bloodthirsty creature who specializes in killing her male classmates. her friend tries to stop her, but will she succeed? welcome to total recaps. today we will explain a 2009 comedy horror titled jennifer's body. get ready for some spoilers. take a seat and enjoy a violent prisoner at a correctional institution known as needy lesniki is shown in the first scene. she's known for being a kicker, and she's now reflecting on previous incidents while in lockdown. this is her story. needy is a geeky, unpopular, plain jane student from devil's kettle, minnesota, who has been close friends with jennifer czech, a gorgeous, popular cheerleader, since they were kids. needy's emotions for jennifer are provocative. jennifer takes needy to melody lane, a neighborhood pub, where an indie rock band called low shoulder is performing one evening. although it may seem odd that they would go to such a tiny town to play, singer nikolai wolfe says that it is a service to their fans needy overhears nikolai referring to jennifer the state fair butter queen, implying that she enjoys flirting and acting promiscuously, but is in fact a virgin. the bar catches fire during the play. needy takes jennifer to safety via the toilet window, just avoiding being killed in the flames, as nikolai looks on with a grin. jennifer is taken aback, and nikolai offers to take them in his vehicle to somewhere secure. despite needy's objections. jennifer accepts and departs with the band. needy stands there watching the remnants of the bar crumble to the ground. when she eventually makes her way back home, needy informs her boyfriend chip about the incident and expresses her worry for jennifer's safety. jennifer arrives at needy's house wounded and bleeding with ripped clothes. needy witnesses jennifer tearing wolfishly into a raw chicken in her refrigerator and roaring monstrously at her before spitting a dark tar-like material all over the floor. jennifer terrorizes needy even more by flinging her against a wall and asking whether she is afraid of her jennifer then bolts out the front door, leaving a confused and terrified media in her wake. the community mourns the tragedy of the bar fire the following day, and needy recalls her childhood buddy with sadness. jennifer comes at school as if nothing has happened, and she shows no sympathy for the fire victims. jennifer runs into the high school football captain who is mourning his best friend he lost due to the fire. she claims his dead friend told her they would be an amazing pair. and she takes him into the woods to purportedly fulfill that wish. her mouth turns into a monstrous gaping maw as the two kiss, and she assaults him. later that day, the captain's mutilated remains are discovered by a worried teacher at the school. jennifer starts to appear pale and haggard after a month, enigmatically stating that it is wearing off and that she needs food. jennifer notices school geek colin gray, and invites him to her home. but she subsequently makes derogatory comments to needy about colin's gender and musical choice. colin goes to see jennifer, only to discover that she has led him to a still under construction home in a desolate area. she drove colin to a place where she can attack him without any witnesses. meanwhile, needy is with her boyfriend chip, and they are making love. suddenly, needy has a terrible vision, and she sees what is jennifer doing. jennifer is at an abandoned house, transformed into a monster. she then kills and eats poor colin. needy is driving home from chip's place when she comes across jennifer, who is wandering across the road like an animal before leaping onto her car's windscreen. jennifer is sleeping in needy's bed and wearing one of needy's clothes. when needy comes home, they start kissing furiously, until needy snaps and asks what's going on. jennifer refuses to leave when needy tells her to, instead confessing what occurred to her the night the neighborhood pub burnt down. low shoulder drove jennifer out into the woods. in a flashback scene, joyfully planning to give her as a satanic sacrifice in return for chart success. several members of the band questioned if jennifer was really a virgin, which she claimed she was. in the hopes that they would let her leave. they performed an invocation to the devil using instructions they obtained from the internet, before stabbing her with a bowie knife and throwing her into the infamous vortex off the nearby devil's kettle falls. jennifer continues to explain to needy that she discovered herself still alive, and then walked away from the location after they had gone. jennifer also tells needy that she is indestructible once she is completely filled on human flesh. she proves it by stabbing herself in the arm with a pocket knife, which heals very instantly. jennifer also tells needy that the first night, she found the indian exchange student, devoured him and buried his corpse in the woods. needy threatens to contact the cops, but jennifer assures him that she would just deny everything, and that no one will believe such a tale. jennifer leaps from needy's second floor window, falls unharmed. on the ground and flees into the night. needy, more concerned than ever, rushes to their school's library's occult department and starts researching. needy quickly discovers where the ban went wrong. because jennifer was far from a virgin, their sacrifice backfired. although it gave them prosperity, it also transformed jennifer into a succubus, a female demon with an insatiable need to feed on young males in order to maintain her health. needy is fully aware that the spring formal is coming, and jennifer has the potential to turn the event into a massacre. she tells chip about it and advises him not to go to the formal. but all he says is that she should get mental treatment. she breaks up with him to protect him. and despite her cautions, he chooses to attend low shoulder, who are now extremely successful and have sold out a national tour, perform at the spring formal. needy notices chip is nowhere to be seen as the end of the stage, so she goes in search of it. meanwhile, in the woods, jennifer confronts chip informing him that needy was having an affair with colin which is why she was so devastated when he died. jennifer attempts to seduce him by kissing him passionately. she takes him to a deserted house with a graffiti covered indoor pool. she kisses him once again, but he rejects her, prompting her to throw him into the murky water. in a fit of despair, needy goes to the mansion to discover what is going on to assist chip. needy jumps into the water and mesas jennifer, causing her to vomit more black goo. jennifer levitates over needy and chip as they crawl out of the filthy pool. jennifer threatens to murder needy when she confronts her about how she was never a good friend to her. chip uses the last of his strength to stab jennifer in the stomach with the handle of a pool net, before she flees through a nearby window. chip then dies in her arms, but not before they declare their love for one other. needy hell then, on vengeance, bursts into jennifer's room and scuffles with her former best friend. needy murders her by stabbing her in the heart with a box cutter. when jennifer's mother enters the room, she finds needy kneeling over her daughter with a bloodied knife. as a consequence, needy is taken to a mental facility. needy, however, has acquired demonic abilities of her own as a result of being bitten by jennifer during their battle. she plots her escape. after being isolated and abandoned by everyone she knows, needy is placed in a cell. after a confrontation with an institution doctor, she levitates to an above window, kicks it out with her superhuman power, bursts through a neighboring fence and flees into the darkness. that night, she comes upon a watery runoff as well as the knife that low shoulder used to stab jennifer, which she picks up. as she walks along a rural road. she stops a passing car and informs the driver that she is following a band. the guy exclaims they must be one heck of a band, to which she sadly responds, tonight's going to be their final performance. low shoulder is shown openly indulging in drugs and booze in their hotel room. in the end, credits, eventually, the band is brutally killed by an unknown assailant. the band members bodies are then scattered around the hotel room and police crime scene photographs. security camera video of needy strolling down the hotel corridor is seen in the film's closing shot. thank you for watching. if you want to see more, make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications. see you later. 