[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alert. today we're talking about the 2011 action car film, Fast Five, the fifth film in the Fast and the Furious series. so let's get started. spoiler does rely in part that you've seen the previous films. if you'd like to see some summaries, check out brink spoilers below. the film picks up right where the previous movie left off, with Dom's crew breaking him out of prison. the crews and escapes to Rio de Janeiro. Brian and Mia meet up with Vince from the first film, and they plan to steal three cars from a train. they discovers that agents from the DEA are on the train, and these cars are seized property. DOM notices that one of the crew ZZ is only interested in stealing one car for gt40. Mia steals the Ford, and DOM and Brian end up lighting Z Z and his henchmen. Brian and Dom are captured in a brought before the crime lord. Hernan Reyes with the original owner of the cars and zzs boss. they are interrogated on the car's location, but DOM and Brian eventually escape. they examine the car to discover its importance. and catch Vince trying to see really remove a computer chip from the car in order to sell it back to Reyes. Dom forces Vince to leave, and Brian investigates the chip discovery and has information on Reyes his criminal empire, including the location of about a hundred million dollars in cash, hated by local officer Elena Neville. a u.s. agent named Luke Hobbs and his team arrived to arrest the crew, but find they're under assault from Reyes as met. as the crew is deciding how to escape, me announces that she is pregnant with Brian's child. so they decide to steal raises money to start a new life and I'll stick together. they organized a team consisting of several people from the previous films, including Roman tej Gisele, Leo Santos and even Vince, who is welcomed back after saving Mia. agent Hobbs and his team arrest Dom Mia, Brian and vent. while transporting them, the convoy is attacked and most of Hobbes's team is killed. agent Hobbs and officer Elena are saved, and the crew fight back, where Vince is killed, but the rest escape wanting to avenge their murder team, Agent Hobbs and officer Elena agreed to help with the crews heist for Reyes. month they break into a police station, holding array as his money, and literally drag the ball through the street. after a big police chase, Dom tells Brian to break off and Dom will hold off the police using the bus as a weapon. Brian returns, however, and kills easy Reyes. is injured badly by DOM and Agent Hobbs execute Reyes. agent Hobbes gives Brian and Dom 24 hour head start to escape, so long as they leave the vault. they agree. however, it is revealed that the vault is actually empty, and the real vault was switched out during the police pursuit. the crew splits the cash, sending Vince's part to his family. later on a beach elsewhere, Brian and the pregnant Mia relax they are met by DOM and Elaine, and Brian challenges down to a race to finally determine who is the better driver. during a mid-credits scene, agent Hobbs is given a file by agent Monica from the second film of concerns of a hijack of a military convoy in Berlin showing a recent photo of Dom's former girlfriend, ledee, who had been presumed dead, hinting that you might actually be alive. so that was the spoilers for a Fast Five. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts from various forms of social media, and remember to like it, subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 