listen, Netflix has been getting some pretty good directors lately when it comes to their original films. you know, my uncle Croatoan is making one later this year, and he circuses got one. up-and-comer, Marty Scorsese is slated for one next year. but if y'all seen green room and blue ruin, you wouldn't know that Jeremy's Salisbury steak gives you nothing but meat. when it comes to his stories, like, if I was being pretentious, if I was tapping into that side of me, I would call his movies visceral experiences, movies that actually make you feel like you're in a haunted house. and it could because he was a cinematographer, so he knows exactly how to capture what he wants. but when I saw his newest that TIFF one that takes place completely in the snow, well, that thing made me put on a sweater real quick. I thought this one was a junior price. it's confusing. it looks great, but it also has one of the weirdest stories in all of 2018. let me explain. so this story takes place in Alaska, where the Sun sets at 3 p.m. it's pretty much the norm over there that if your kid spends one minute too long outside, he's gonna get taken by whoops. and so this lady calls Bernard, who wrote a book about living with Wolves for a year, to come investigate, even though, even though, I don't know how he's gonna help when he's moving at point to speed. the twist is, however, that it wasn't a wolf who took this child, but this she wore. the lady who lives next door actually believes that the couple is possessed by these wolf demons named tor NOC, and they're possessed by darkness, hence the title. what? yeah, I can see people thinking that it's pretentious, say, of a movie, you know, go, ah, the darkness represents darkness. but I also see it as the evil that each person carries in them, right? especially when you got guilt Riley, you're trying to make sure that that part doesn't over consume you. so whether she killed her son because she wanted her husband to come back from war, or because she's an actual wolf running a ritual just like the real wolves who were eating their pup for survival, the bigger twist comes when you realize that these two ain't even married. their siblings book even confirms that they're twins. I don't know what it is with 20:18, but these incest storylines are getting picked up faster than kids in Atlanta in the 80s, granted, when you live in a town called Kela, which is literally based off of a demonic dog in any went mythology, that feeds on the dead. I mean, I mean, what do you expect? in fact, I started questioning if the kids were even taken by wolves, the ones that we were hearing of, or if it was a ritual that the other parents were doing, or maybe she was. and then and I heard this line, so what if this kid was the one doing all those things, and thus he was the one who the parents had to kill in order to hold the darkness? I mean, he does come from incest, so, you know, for all I know, this could be the next Joffrey. in my opinion, they're both part of this wolf called since they were raised right? I'm not saying that their actual mystical beings. I don't believe they Ana morphed into the wolves we see at the end, but we see glimpses of this. and their past growing up. you know, their whole personality switch whenever they wear this mask, the blood ritual for when the kid dies, and into some freaky, deaky stuff. and I almost think that killing the kid is a part of it. hence why the coffin is already ready when the dad comes back, right? why his buddy was ready to take down a bunch of officers while he was burning all the evidence that him and his sister even existed. the fact that even earlier in the movie, when she mimics the scene at the hot springs by being in the hot tub and then chokes herself the same way that her brother will chili choker, it's like they're reliving this ritual, right? it's something that they're partaking of, something that they may have even confessed as a child. Adonis wasn't even done like that. so pretty much, I see the whole plan as a way for them to get closer. super messed up by no, but I guess when you don't have a Jared's in town and you're involved in wolf mythology, this is how you bond, right? by the end, they practically baptize themselves in the old Springs they were raised in as the movie goes from a hold the dark to hold the moan, and they just disappear into the snow, a lot of people, a bunch of you in the comments, aren't gonna like the fact that the director, as well as a screenwriter and even the author of the book have have made this one of those where it's very open into interpretation. but, you know, there's basics out there that you can get, like them being siblings and all of this being a part of their plan y-you know, what the dark represents. I guess they kind of leave it up to you, but for me, it is a little too on-the-nose to say it's a dark movie. but it is one about parenting, right? you got the officer who barely becomes a parent at 40, Russell, who reconnects to his estranged daughter by the end when he survives. and these two who realize that their relationship is strongest as they sacrifice their own to rebuild their bond in the weirdest foreplay I've ever seen. thank God for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. a lot of interpretations for this one. you know, a lot of people been saying it's one of the best shootout scenes. a lot of people have been saying that it's one of the best shot movies, which I truly believe in. but it's weird when it's on Netflix. you can definitely catch it there. this was just a basics, not a full rundown, because it's like super confusing with the mythology and stuff that people were getting. but the basics, where is this? their siblings. in order for them to bond, they had to get rid of the kid, be it because he was gonna become a serial killer, or just because that was like a sacrifice they made in their little weird wolf call. definitely let me know your thoughts down below, how you see it. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a PG rated version of snow dogs. 