hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2007 science fiction action film transformers. so let's get started. a civil war between the Autobots, led by Optimus Prime and the Decepticons, but by Megatron, occurs on their home planet. an object called the Allspark, which is capable of creating transformer life, is sent into space. Megatron pursues it to earth. the Allspark is discovered by Explorer whit wiki, who accidentally activates Megatron's system and itches the Allspark coordinates on to his glasses, which ends up being in the possession of his great great grandson, Sam Witwicky. many years later, the Decepticons attack and destroy a US. military base in an attempt to find Megatron and the Allspark. they eventually find files in the glasses and track down Sam. Sam buys his first car, and soon realizes that it's the Autobot bumblebee, who is unable to talk and communicates through his car's radio. bumblebee takes Sam and Mikaela, Sam's crush, to meet Optimus and the other Autobots. Optimus explains that if Megatron gains the Allspark, he would transform Earth's machinery and exterminate mankind. they traveled to Sam's house to retrieve the glasses. Sam Mikaela and Bumblebee are captured by a top-secret group called sector 7. Optimus Prime obtains the glasses and uses them to locate the Allspark. the Decepticons free Megatron. a massive battle occurs with most of the Decepticons being killed. after a battle with Megatron, optimus prime is close to death and tells Sam to push the Allspark into his chest, but Sam rams it into Megatron's chest instead. Optimus salvages some of the Allspark. Sam and McCallister a romantic relationship. the Autobots hide on earth, and Optimus Prime sends a transmission inviting other Autobots to join them. a mid-credits scene shows Decepticons being summoned to earth. so that was the spoilers for Transformers. if you have another film you'd like to see a spoil please let us know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music] 