welcome to movie summary. today, i'm going to explain science fiction thriller film, edge of tomorrow. in 2015, aliens called mimics arrive in germany via an asteroid and swiftly conquer most of continental europe. by 2020, the united defense force, a global military alliance established to combat the alien threat, finally achieves a victory over the mimics at verdun using newly developed mech suits. in britain, the udf plans a major invasion of france, and general brigham orders recently attached u.s major william cage of the media relations department to cover it. gage, having no combat experience, objects and threatens to blame brigham if the invasion fails. brigham has cage arrested and sent to heathrow airport, now a military base. cage awakens to find brigham has demoted him to a private and assigned him to master sergeant farrell and the misfit j squad, who do not take kindly to cage. the landing in france is a colossal failure. farrell and jay's quad are quickly killed. cage uses a claim or mine to kill an unusually large blue mimic but is mortally wounded by the explosion and covered in the alien's blood cage, jolts awake to find himself back at heathrow, peeting itself. he's strapped into the armor, then into the plane, and they're off to invade. they take off and are hit by another missile, landing on the beach, where bill stumbles his way across the battlefield before being killed and resurfacing at the recruitment camp. no one believes bill when he tries to alert farrell and the j squad about the problem. bill dies a couple more times before resurrecting. but vita notices that he gets better at killing the mimics. she instructs bill to find her when he awakens, but they both perish before she can continue. cadre awakens and locates veda, who takes him to dr carter, an expert in mimic biology. he explains that the mimics are a super organism in which the omega controls the cerebrum, while the alphas behave as the ganglia through which the omega controls ordinary mimics. if an alpha is terminated, the omega resets the day and adjusts its tactics until the battle is won. cage inadvertently hijacked their ability to reset time through his exposure to an alpha's blood. vita had this ability at verdun, using it to win the battle before she was wounded and received a blood transfusion. losing the power, she tells cage to locate and kill the omega to end the alien invasion. bill is then trained to fight on the training field by vita. vito warns bill that if he is hurt, he must die quickly, because if he loses a lot of blood and receives a transfusion, he would lose his capacity to reset time. bill trains with vita and dies over and over until he sees the omega's location in a vision. the couple completes their training and prepares for war. after his first vision appears, bill and vita make every effort to survive the invasion, with bill attempting to figure out what's going on and reorienting vita whenever they meet. the two try their utmost across the shore. but bill's patience is wearing thin. as he witnesses vida's death over and over again, bill finds himself caring more and more for vita each time. he relives. the day. after several more efforts, carter locates the omega in germany, but a disgruntled bill informs him that no matter what they do, they would not be able to survive the initial beach landing. after making it over the shore to a trailer park, where they acquire a vehicle and drive as far as they can on land. bill tells vita that they eventually converse and get to know each other better. bill tells vita about her life that she shared with him, but she shrugs. as they stumble into an old farmhouse and discover a small helicopter. bill demands that they stay for the night, despite vida's desire to go to germany. bill brings them coffee, but vita notices that he already knows her coffee preferences. bill admits they've gone through this before, but he won't go any further. he couldn't bear the thought of killing the omega since he loves her, and she always dies before they can take off in the helicopter. vita's death would be irreversible if the omega was killed. bill returns to the camp eager to finish the fight. vida launches the chopper and the mimics strike, killing her exactly as bill prophesied. cage flies to the dam alone. the omega is not there, and he is ambushed by an alpha who attempts to strip him of his ability to reset time, but cage deliberately drowns himself. cage and vertovsky infiltrate the ministry of defense, where cage convinces brigham to give him carter's prototype device that can locate the omega. but they are pursued by military police on leaving. during the ensuing car chase, cage uses the device and discovers the omega is under the louvre pyramid in paris. cage is seriously injured during capture, and wakes up in a hospital to find he has been given a blood transfusion and has lost the ability to loop time. vartovsky frees cage, and they recruit j squad to help destroy the omega before the invasion begins. they fly to paris where the soldiers sacrifice themselves so that kage and vertovsky can reach the louvre before luring away an alpha standing between them and the submerged omega. vertovsky kisses cage to thank him for getting her as far as he did. when the alpha kills vertovsky and mortally wounds cage, he manages to drop a belt of grenades that destroys the omega, killing the alpha and the mimics. as a dying cage floats down into the omega's blood. he loops again and awakens two days earlier, on route to his original meeting with brigham prior to the udf invasion of france. but this time he awakens in an alternative history where the mimics are weak and helpless because the all-powerful omega no longer exists. as he drives to heathrow. when he arrives, he sees that all of j squad are alive, preparing for what will presumably be a much easier invasion. he later finds vertovsky, who doesn't recognize him and greets him as coldly as she did in previous loops. cage laughs. in late 2009, three arts entertainment purchased the rights to the japanese novel and sold a spec script to the american studio warner brothers. the studio produced edge of tomorrow with the involvement of three yards the novel's publisher, viz media, an australian production company. village roadshow filming began in late 2012, taking place in england at wb studios in leaves done, outside london, and other locations such as london's trafalgar square and the coastal sunton sands. a total of nine companies handled the visual effects. production began at leavesden studios near london, which warner brothers had purchased as a permanent studio site. wb had been renting space there for its production of the harry potter films, but had been leaving the sets up permanently for nearly a decade, and eventually chose to make the site semi-permanent. the parts with tom cruise in the opening scene were filmed in lehman's editing room, with the actor doing his own makeup and hair, leading the director to say, it may be the most independent thing i've ever done. though lehman intended to film the beach battle on location, the studio, instead had a beach set built at the studio site. the set was surrounded by chromicky green screens, which the visual effects artists later used to extend the beach with plates shot at saunton sands in north devon. it was intended for the battle scenes to be reminiscent of coastal battles during world war ii, such as the invasion of normandy and the battle of dunkirk. lehmann said filming took place seven days a week, using two crews to film 20 days. in addition to what had originally been scheduled. the crew struggled with changeable british weather, since the film was supposed to be set in one day and had to maintain the same weather. nine companies handled the visual effects for edge of tomorrow, under vfx supervisor nick davis. davis worked with the crew of the third floor on the film's pre-visualization process. sony pictures image works spi worked on the first two acts of the film and created over 400 shots, including photorealistic environments, battle scenes and computer-generated creatures and characters. one major shot involved covering london heathrow airport with military troops, vehicles and aircraft. spi split some of the work with rodeo fx. cinesai joined late in the production and developed 221 shots for 10 key sequences, with 189 appearing in the final cut. edge of tomorrow initiated its theatrical run in several territories on may 28 2014, and rolled out to a total of 28 territories for its opening weekend of may 30th to june 1st. 2014. it grossed 20.1 million on its opening weekend. for the second weekend of june 6 to 8 2014, it was released in 36 additional territories. edge of tomorrow grossed 100.2 million in north america and 270.3 million dollars in other territories, for a worldwide total of 370.5 million dollars. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel. thank you for watching. 