- fast forwards to the darkness. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. welcome to slash forward, the channel where we provide summarization and commentary on all your favorite popular and obscure horror movies. in this video, we're going to take a look at the lesser-known 1983 slasher, sleep-wake him. this was the only directorial credit for Robert Hiltzik until his direct-to-video follow-up return to sleepaway camp in 2008. lost in the glut of standard, by-the-numbers slashes in the early 80s, sleepaway camp, due to its strong and novel twist ending, was able to rise above the typical slop and build a loyal fanbase in subsequent decades. remember that for later, that there's a twist ending about to be spoiled. let's check out the movie. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. we opened with a solid several minutes of hard for shadowing. as we pan across a now closed camp airlock, the grounds are in disarray, and we're treated to whispers of campers past fading in and out. it's an okay start, I guess, but an odd choice for a film that clocks in at 84 minutes, credits included. anyway, the scene wraps up, and we flashback to some kids enjoying a summer at the lake. while their dad is [ __ ] around with a mini sailboat. they devised a mischievious plan, pushing him into the water and subsequently capsizing the boat. meanwhile, this boating enthusiast, concerned with the possibility of losing his job over breaking the rules, reluctantly allows his unlicensed passenger to start driving the boat. despite his initial reservations. he proceeds to fail to point his eyes for as the new captain takes him on a course that, even if it wasn't headed straight for a capsized boat, is a direct path to shore. you shouldn't trust in your instincts. we get some terrific scream acting, some odd reaction shots and a floating body in the water. smash. cut to the future, and we see that both kids made out okay. psych that's actually Angela and her cousin, Ricky, who she went to live with after the boating accident. rot martha ended up as her primary caregiver for some reason. we come to find out that Martha is a bit eccentric, as the actress portraying her over acts apart like an absolute lunatic. she confirms through the subsequent conversation that they're about to leave for Kim and she has a surprise for them, their physicals. cool. I guess. she also lets it slip that, as a physician, she completed Angela's on her own. thanks for X positive. now, please go away. we finally get to camp and watch a confusing mix of children and adults moving in droves toward their assigned cabins. this gives us an opportunity to meet some of the camp staff, like Artie, the head chef, who promptly and unapologetically clues us into his most defining characteristic and the most disgusting way possible. we see some typical camp stuff and find out that Ricky is a regular at the camp who used to have a thing with Judy, the movies main antagonist. unfortunately for Ricky, judy has matured, resulting in her desire to focus her attention primarily on the full grown men that are patrons of the camp. for some reason, angela finds her bunk, which, unfortunately is in the same cabin as judy. it fails to endear herself to her bunk mates by sitting there with a thousand-yard stare and refusing to talk to anybody. this is her basic MO throughout most of the movie. she's socially awkward and doesn't participate in most of the camp activities. Ronnie, the head counselor, is sympathetic and tries to see if he can help bring her out of her shell, but does a little more than two serve the entire lunch room as he prances about with this nards on full display and a face level of the seat of campers. Angela agrees to go back to the kitchen to see if they can find something she'd be willing to eat, despite an abundance of warning signs, like Artie's physical appearance, main rhythms and everything he ever says. Ronnie leaves Angela in his care to go address another problem. Artie wastes no time getting down to the business of being a disgusting perv each owed, and starts to whip off his belt. thankfully, they are interrupted in Angela leaves, allowing us to get right down to the business of watching Artie die. slow Artie working on the world's tallest stock pot of boiling corn, distracted by the infuriation of an empty salt container. yeah, it's a little shove on his dirty ass, resulting in him taking a spill while bear hunting 50 gallons of boiling water. he receives a fitting protracted death, as he's still screaming in agony while being carted off, even after he's been fully bandaged. so, you know, a lot of time has passed. we have to surmise that he dies because he saw the killer, but there's no mention of this afterwards. so long Artie, the owner, Mel shows his true colors when he asks, wanting to ensure that this was both ruled an accident and brushed under the rug. to avoid scrutiny of the camp, he buys a cooperation of the staff by promoting ban and giving the rest of the kitchen workers an extra $50 a week. we're treated to some camp shenanigans with the old pink-eyed trick, haha, I made your face penetrate my anus. and then a good old game of man versus boys softball. Ricky's counselor goes with a t-shirt up top, sweater on bottom, look as were treated to an inordinately long softball sequence that doesn't seem to serve any purpose other than establishing inter cabin rivalries. this leads us to the evening mixer. some of the older boys, lamenting the boy-girl ratio for their skinny dipping session, decide to invite Angela. this sets off Ricky and leads to a brief scuffle. Paul, rock hard from the adrenaline rush, decides to throw caution to the wind and attempt to win Angela's favor by explaining to her how well he knows her cousin. me and Ricky, we go back a long time. we've been best friends for three years over this is a questionable tactic, but he manages to draw out her first word, leading to a spontaneous ejaculation, and enraging judy, who can't stand to see anyone having the boys unable to convince the girls to swim with them, despite repeated begging, go off on their own for a game a wet, naked grab-ass. while Kenny separately convinces Leslie to go boating with him, he promptly demonstrates why he can't be trusted when he capsizes the boat. reveling in the genius of his plan to continue to not get laid, he chooses to remain in the boat, singing to himself, while his friends leave him behind. he's joined by mysterious midnight bather who encourages him to practice holding his breath underwater. he doesn't do a very good job, which is evidenced in the morning when a counselor cleaning up the dock area in the most surly way possible finds his body. mill continues to try to influence the police investigation, again, concerned with the camp's image, but Ronnie is getting little uneasy with this. bitching tits bro Judy dominates a volleyball court while Angela continues to warm up to Paul. judy, previously only interested in men, has now decided that she likes 13-year old boys and is infuriated by the burgeoning relationship. Paul manages to convert an evening trail walk into a couple of passionate kisses. while inside, a simple shaving cream trick gets real as mozart whips out his buck knife. the next morning, Paul refuses to pump the brakes on their relationship and plays the game. that's never really fun. it's always a little unnerving. Meg misinterpreting this is a fun and interesting interaction, something that she does not tolerate as Judy's chief. toady goes to confront Angela. Angela demonstrates the power of ignoring an [ __ ], driving Meg nuts and resulting in a physical altercation. in the Nick scene retreated to a classic rooftop water balloon fight when one of the boys takes aim at Angela. Riki is predictably set off when the main balloon antagonist goes off to take he's predictably killed with bees. while they don't pick him clean, he do get a cool shot of him with a full-on facemask of bees. Mel is now switched gears. he acknowledged his likelihood that a killer is on the loose and thinks he knows who it is, suddenly making references to the rage monster Riki. I know. all I usually get is some time at the lake where they engage and some playful greco-roman wrestling. when Paul tries to amp Tang's up, we get a flashback to Angela and her brother peeping on their two dads and joined an attender, sweaty embrace, and then to some sort of weird interaction between the two siblings. when Angela snaps out of it, she runs off. we then observe a game of capture the flag, where judy successfully drives a wedge between Paul and Angela by convincing Paul to kiss her. later, megan, judy, unable to deal with the idea that other people exist, and that those people may find their own pockets of happiness completely independent of their circle of influence, decide to ratchet things up and drag Angela to the lake where they toss her in. the counselors, all present and disapproving after the fact, do nothing to prevent this. for some reason. as the camp turns into the Lord of the Flies, and now everything has been put into place for our final evening at the camp, the counselors get their assignments for the evening. meg, Luck's out, gets a free night from being a [ __ ]. we find out, oddly, that Meg is a thing from Mel the camp owner. intent on preparing her body for the evenings coital festivities, she goes to an adjacent empty cabin to avoid the shower line. she does the best job she can at acting nonchalant while showering by humming a wretched tune and trying to remember what one's hands do when engaged in the act of cleaning one's body. before she's able to get things figured out, she's mercifully stabbed through the curtain with a knife, getting raked down her back, likely splitting her spinal column open in the most brutal and painful way imaginable. next we have a sequence of shots that leads us toward the ultimate conclusion. Paul scores one last chance with Angela, both agreeing to meet down by the shore. Eddie camping with the youngins leaves to take back two whiners who are too chilly to camp out under the night sky. no goes looking for Megan. his best cream dress slacks and interrupts Judy and Mike, causing Mike to decide that the risk isn't worth putting up with. Judy, Meg's dead body decides to fall down and grab the shower curtain right as milk gets there, gazing upon his beloved, looks away out of respect, and then takes a couple of peaks for later. [Music], gotta stop him. he decides that Ricky must be the culprit, that the best remedy to the situation is some vigilante justice. Judy gets a visitor who promptly cold-cocked her and then sticks a hot curling iron up there. we know because Judy raises her hands in a way that universally represents genital pain for women, or so I'm told. and he gets back to the campground to find the remains of the kids he left behind, hatcheted to pieces. Mel catches up with Ricky and gives him a good slap, at him poundin, then runs off, and realizes he's pummeled the wrong child, as he gets an arrow through the throat from the real killer. the adults now meet up and then disperse to go find the killer. we discover Ricky's still alive, and then find Angela and Paul naked on the beach. we get a quick flashback to reveal that Angela's crazy aunt already having a son, raises Angela as a girl, even though she, the sole survivor of the boating accident, was actually a boy. this leased the phenomenal reveal that Angela has actually decapitated Paul and that she's swinging meat on the beach as she hisses at the Gawker's a scene that drags out for longer than one would expect. it has likely kept perfectly still to ensure the Matt's lineup, which only serves to add to the unusual and unsettling nature of the scene. [Music]. and that sleep-wake you a movie that could have been ignored as a run-of-the-mill slasher, but first willingness to interject what were, at the time, more taboo subjects that provided more substantial content than the typical fare of slasher motivations. the social awkwardness, abusive upbringing and sexual confusion also give much more solid footing for explaining why Angela eventually parted from reality in such a significant way. other movies from the time tended to try to justify mass killings as a result of the killer being mildly bullied or being insulted publicly in class, or something equally thin. as a result, they risk being completely forgettable, which is certainly not the case for sleep-wake him. as an interesting side note, I intended the convention once were Jonathan tears, Tim the actor who played Ricky conducted a panel discussion. he said that he adamantly opposed the use of the cowboy hat in the dance sequence, but the director insisted he wear it. as you watched the movie, various costume you choices, including the infamous cops - seems somewhat questionable. it appears as though these were elements of the movie that Robert Hiltzik felt very strongly about. for some reason, it's interesting to imagine that what appeared to be slipshod choices from a cheap movie actually represent a fully realized idea held by the director regarding how kids at the time dressed and interacted with each other, and that sleepaway camp. I hope you enjoyed the video. thank you for watching. [Music]. 