[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're continuing our journey into the endless void of despair with the 2019 film, Daniel isn't real. let's get to it. we open on a tumultuous cosmic storm before transitioning naturally to a diner. here we get a barista eye view of John Thigpen busting in and shotgunning up the joint. we then hover over a couple arguing about the strain on their relationship resulting from clears refusal to take her medication. this drives Luke outside for some fresh air and metropolitan sightseeing, which ends up being the inciting event for Luke, conjuring up a new friend, Daniel, who we quickly learned ain't not fake. they become fast friends because he likes everything Luke likes, but is also prone to jealousy to see me oof. this prompts Daniel to attempt to work his way back into Claire's good graces with a special recipe recovery shape. she pulls through despite his best efforts, and convinces Luke to lock Daniel away. this works, and over time, the pounding of the door fades into distant memory we flash-forward to Luke in college that still quirky as ever, with his mob situation at home deteriorating. he makes a go of living a normal college life, but his head is full of jacobian nightmares. this drives him to visit a psychologist, who flips the script on his ass by recommending he forgo fear and try to reconnect with his hallucinations. on his way home from the session, he has a brief meeting, youth with abrasive skater girl Cassie. when he arrives at his boyhood residence, he dusts off Daniels mansion. he wakes up later to his mom's brain breaking as she shatters all reflective surfaces in the house. he surprised to find Daniel aged up and able to guide him through the episode successfully. as they catch up, Cassie arrives to return Luke's wallet. and as he gathers together a small reward, daniel guides him through this interaction as well, resulting in an invite to an art exhibit. he arrives just in time to break up a bottle fight, and breaks a cardinal rule by following this hippy to a second location. we then learned through montage that Daniel helps Luke in a variety of ways. and soon they're back to their old hijinks, with Luke finding renewed confidence in his capabilities. with this they go prowling at a college party, finding the choicest unease and scouring digits. Windu gets a little too loose, we see him fade. and Daniel begin experimenting with his body. as Luke becomes more confident, we find him venturing outside of Daniels sphere of assistance, or worse, where I am, if you're gone, and you shall have no other God before me, much to Daniel's chagrin. as this progresses, Daniel becomes more agitated. but then Cassie shows Luca painting she did that depicts a dark presence over his shoulder, reaffirming the importance of Daniel's influence. this is momentarily distressing, but then the advantages of physicality reassert themselves, and Daniel goes to his dark place. Daniel tries to inject some chaotic energy into Luke's life by doing some sleep texting. later, inviting some girls over for beers and cocaine, they find themselves exploring some steam tunnels under campus. in his altered state, Daniel is able to convince Luke it's not cheating if someone else borrows your genitalia to use on another person. and they merge. and Daniel enjoys a few moments of the Corporal. but prone to indulgences, he goes too far. on the brink of being kicked out of school and losing everything, Luke resolves to force him back out of his mind. he visits his mom at the ward to learn she had her own awakening around the same age, but is unable to help him. he begins to spiral out of control, having visions and dark thoughts, and getting only lackluster assistance from his therapist, who attempts talk therapy to drive away his hallucinations, with Dale doing weird stuff like creeping into his mouth while he sleeps. and at the risk of losing what remains of his social progress, he chokes down his pills. but Daniel is unfazed by this. however, after a good restful sleeps and Layton memories in the dark recesses of Luke's mind shake loose, presenting themselves for examination. he tracks down John thick pins father, seeking his help in the hope that knowledge will free him from the shackles of his mind. he takes him to John's cozy mancave and shows him some drawings, which do little to calm him, as they would seem to indicate Daniel may, in fact, be a separate entity latching itself to his psyche. he immediately visits Cassie to verify what the shadow was she saw, and if she can identify the presence as what John drew in his picture. but that's not how it worked for her, and he quickly makes himself unwelcome. Luke seeks help from his psychologist, who recommends double hypnosis in order to have a talk with this daniel character and find out what up he does compel Daniel to show himself, but as a separate apparition, which is unexpected and alarming. with luke subdued and docile, he shows how he does what he does, which involves splaying loose mouth open like a heifer birthing a calf. Luke awakes to fresh horrors, finding bran dead and meeting face to face with the true Daniel, who now forces Luke into the mansion. then school's out for summer, as daniel suits up and visits Cassie. inside, Luke finds Daniels room of Secrets, as can he realizes who's in control. and Daniel recognizes her realization. with no more pretenses, he shows himself to her, playfully rearranging Luke's face, which I am continuing to talk over now, only as an excuse to show you more. Luke works diligently on breaking out, while Cassie works on breaking Daniel's face. inside, Luke is confronted by the last vestige of John Thigpen, who informs him he can only escape by jumping into the abyss, which he does, and then finds himself lingering in Daniels periphery. now he's able to use the power of his imagination to run Daniel through his Cassie escapes. they engage in your standard rooftop, live steel LARPing like a couple of absolute maniacs. and when Luke is unable to get the upper hand, he takes the sacrifice to come out on top, but with dubious results. and that was Daniel isn't real. another fantastic recent horror movie that flew under the radar. if you get the chance, you should definitely watch this. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 