listen, mile 22 is like fallout, if fallout completely suck. Dookie, hey. john malkovich in this movie, looking like alec baldwin with the fake to pay. these guys literally are called ghosts as they go rogue in another nation. and why everyone's been bashing marky-mark and making headlines since, yeah, it's kind of ironic that now he's getting beat by asians. but none of that really mattered to me, right? that wasn't the reason why i want to go watch this movie. i went from my boy, Eko. if y'all haven't seen the raid movies, you you need to immediately. you can dislike this video, close it out before you even finish it. as long as these movies have been incepted into your mind, then my job is done, because those are works of art. this one was so close to being a coaster, but it just edged to become in a sloppy stream. it only because of Eko in his action, barely. let me explain. so if you've never seen a Peter Berg movie, he's pretty much taking a page from paul greengrass and likes keeping in those shots for the camera. the camera is still focusing hold things, looking like a vlog overseas, Logan Paul could probably get steadier shots than this. but the thing is, while that may be is a aesthetic, right? I get that, it doesn't explain why the whole movie feels like it was edited on a random generator instead of plutonium. in this one, you got the overwatch team who's looking out for cesium, and they take out an entire Russian house in the beginning, including this 18 year old who they overly focus on. on top of that, Mark Wahlberg is leading the team on foot, but it turns out he's also had anger issues his entire life, to the point that he's always yelling at people and snapping this wristband in order to not go crazy. the irony Maggie's also like second in command of the group, and since she's going through a divorce, she's more anxious throughout this movie than she was throughout the entirety of the Walking Dead. but then comes my boy Eko, who's trying to take down the Indonesian government, and somehow has this disc that shows the locations of the cesium. so he wants to use the Americans, and wants them to put him on a first-class plane ticket out of there before he decodes what's in there. that's why they got to travel 22 miles to get to the plane. and while I love eCos action sequences, I'm never gonna forgive Peter Berg for how he edited these scenes. i straight-up counted 47 cuts in 20 seconds, like this was some damn taken movie. that's where I saw a cover drop frame. so it was like a sequence that wasn't even rendered. everyone speaking so fast, it's like they want to fit five sentences into one. but like, if you got a do who can give you something like this, why are you cutting so much? the sequences that really got to me was whenever they were being chased down through the town, and all of the Asian folk were just staring out their windows, or legit just standing in the hallways, even though there's gunshots outside there, gunshots, they don't need to be translated. you get out of there. by the time they get eco on the plane, they already beat the Holly homes out of Ronda, who was a part of the team, and she dies. a bunch of other people die. whole organization ends up getting shot down, because it turns out that that eighteen year old boy, from the beginning, was actually this Russian honcho lady's son. and she set out to exact revenge by hiring Eko, who isn't a double agent, but a triple agent. that's why he was doing this whole hand finger thing throughout the entire time, because that's, I guess, like some Russian thing that they had going on. he made a deal with them to not only take down the Indonesians, but the Americans. and pretty much creates a catch-twenty, Oh, catch-22 mountain. he's able to get away as he goes off on a plane. they leave the entire movie in a cliffhanger where the Russians still have all the cesium. they don't say if Alice died on the planes and she got away with Eko, but they do show wahlberg posting up a picture of Eko because he plans to seek revenge in a secret heck, no, I'm not watching Mau 23. i'ma just stick to a thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm Kirsten on your thoughts down below. like I said, if you watch this movie I'm talking I like if you'll remember the Snowman, how incohesive that movie was. that's like this movie right here. it was so close. I would give it a coaster if it wasn't for him. and I almost want to, even though I loved the action sequences that Eko does, the way it's cut is so disrespectful. ah, man. I just, I don't want to give it a coaster just because I love that guys so much and he's in it. watch the raid films. even watch a head shot that is on Netflix. and that's way better than this. but, yeah, I don't know what else to say. I will say that some of you were wondering, why didn't I give Slenderman a coaster rating? y'all were right. I went back, I thought about a slender man as a coaster. this might be if I see it one more time. and I realized how how just disrespectful he was for the man cutting up the scenes. this dude is good. go watch the road movies. that's the only reason I made this video. go watch the raid movies. other than that, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and you'll have seven years of good luck, or at least more contact. 