you [ __ ] us once, shame on us. you [ __ ] us twice. shame on you. you're dead. cool. what's up everybody. welcome back for another breakdown of Twin Peaks, the return. this week we're on part ten, and I'm very excited, because look who's back. I got. Greg. after you're finished watching this video, check out some of the other stuff we got on this channel. just this morning, we dropped a breakdown of Game of Thrones, so you definitely want to see that. and don't forget to subscribe. subscribe. Greg. okay, man, you got a snap out of this? man. we got to do this breakdown. I got something. I got this. see if this works. oh, hey. oh, hello. as always, we're going to start with breaking down the plot a little bit, then we're going to get on over to some Easter eggs and theories, and then some questions that we have moving forward, and then we'll hit some of your comments. hello. like last week, the plot was very, sort of sick in this episode, although moved a little bit more slowly. yeah, this one's very slow compared to the last couple episodes, where everything's moving and building up very fast. and it's the shortest episode. see, we got so far right? that was like five or six minutes shorter than the regular episodes. but that all said, I think the main theme we can take away from this episode is really about family dynamics and domestic [ __ ]. Laura Palmer's spirit lives on this crazy episode, which pretty much portrays women is from loving, caring, gentle, sensitive. and also, it takes everything and puts it into this, like, biowing world of men kind of. oh yeah, yeah, with massive amounts of victimization. that said, though, this was also one of the funniest episodes, I think, of the series so far. yeah, the tone shifts so damn hard, from comedy to just violence and sex. yeah, in seconds. why you have to make something so simple so [ __ ] difficult? okay, so in this episode we didn't get Bob, but we got the next best thing when it comes to just being a pure [ __ ]. and I was Richard. oh man. so much. Richard. well, so first off, he goes right out and murders Miriam, who witnessed him running the boy over a few episodes ago. yeah, basically what happened there, right, was that he found out from Miriam before he murdered her, that she had made a phone call, decided to contact the Twin Peaks Police Department by the least efficient means necessary, which was by mail. and now, of course, we know he's got Chad working on the inside, who sort of swoops in and sneaks that letter out of the Twin Peaks elite department mail, and it's now gone. we've got a pretty major, major scene where we come back, we find out that horn is alive, yeah, and tied to the dining room table for safety. I thought we did and I thought there would be a funeral, and that's what we get Audrey, right? nope, not yet. that is not how we're getting Audrey back. now, he's also got a crazy, freaky, talking bear toy. yes, we'll get into that. and, and then basically the rest of that sequence is Richard coming in sort of an almost a level of home invasion, second of his in the episode, where he now comes and terrorizes his brother or his uncle and his grandma. and significant there is, now we have a little bit more insight into the Horne family tree. for a little while, we thought it was maybe possible that Richard could be in the offspring of Ben or maybe Jerry, possibly. but now we've got sort of certainty that that is not the case. it's Audrey's. I mean, you could kind of have some kind of twist making it Donna, but why the hell would she have the horn last names, right? why we call her grandma? there's a, there's a slim chance that there's Donna there. and I think maybe the only thing that would make that possible, in my mind, is that we also learned more about Ben's relationship with Sylvia, where they're like, clearly separated. she's trying to extort him for money after Richard rubs her. and so maybe in there, somewhere else, is that, you know, in that 25 year period of time, maybe something did change between Donna and Ben. and I think there is still a chance there, but my money's on Audrey. yeah. it's crazy though, throughout that whole sequence, not the name Audrey, wasn't heard what or anything about your mom is gonna be merged. so that's what I'm a little worried about, where exactly Audrey is in this whole scenario, and if she's even out of her coma or something. weirds going on. oh, yeah, I agree, she is. suspiciously under mentioned here. yeah. and then we got Colorado singing Red River Valley. oh man, that was a tree. you know, Harry Dean Stanton, who, by the way, also turned 91 and for day, happy birthday, is just one of my favorite actors in general. but like having a little, like, crooning guitar, being with and just nailed it for me. I hope somehow Karl Rock has something to do with Richard Gideon has come up into at the very end of this series. that's what we're looking for, right? like this, where the where Karl rod falls into place. now, in that scene, or immediately connected to that scene, we find that that Becky is living at the trailer park right there because of another violence against women scene that we get pretty much right at the beginning in the episode, which makes me wonder, like, does is he going to be a, like, an interventionist force [ __ ] nightmare? he's been there with what you're killing, the kid, and he's been there now with Stephen, with Becky. and that scene, which is pretty much mirroring the Leo Shelley storyline, right exactly. we got a lot of B characters this episode, more than anything, right? and one of them the biggest ones. I think I was whole episode with the Mitchell brothers, right? we talked about them in the past, saying, when are we going to see more of dimension brothers? now we got it. we got so much Mitchum brothers, it's like coming out of our ears, right? and it's, I think, some of the funniest stuff that we saw in the episode. my favorite funny part, speaking of pacing, was a little while later, back at the casino, where they asked Andy to go out to the floor to talk to Tom Sizemore. and she goes out there, and we only see the conversation taking place, but we don't hear it. and she's down there just stick you lating, pointing things out, looking around. and, I mean, I don't even know, like, how long that went on for, for four [ __ ] hours. I would love to know how Lynch just told it till he was directing her, just go out there and start pointing that [ __ ] and we'll, we'll tell you when to stop. funny parts aside, you actually got quite a lot of caught with the mission brothers. we find, they find out through the news that, like, the spike has been captured and they can cancel their head on. they also find out from the same news story that dougie Jones is, and definitely an interesting character, mister kaelin Dave's is actually mr. Jones. now what we get a little bit more of two is in terms of converging plot lines, is that we go back to Duncan Todd. turns out Duncan Todd is working with Anthony Sinclair, played by Tom Sizemore. and we get, finally, a more or less direct connection through the food chain from Bob Cooper to trying to take out dougie Joan. by the way, Duncan Todd is doing a an awful job right now. well, the direct approach didn't work very well, so now we're trying a plan to make the Mitchum Brothers think that dougie Jones is their enemy. and of course, we have Tom Sizemore repeatedly telling them, camana, me and Douglas Jones. I kind of like that Lynch sort of almost continuously has the sort of commentary about, like, hitmen and bad guys that, like, there are tears of bad guys, but they're stupid at every level. it's just the really dumb ones are at the bottom. and then then not quite as dumb ones are a little bit further up. this is Mulholland Drive to the next right? right? absolutely. and now for our weekly update on dougie Jones. yeah, dougie had an interesting week. very interesting, rocky. I think it's worth mentioning that Naomi Watts continues to be absolutely director in this series. and when she just turns into developing this sudden affection for her husband that's like, sexually charged, she just owns it with like, language and and and, and her presence briefing, it was really good. it was very compassionate to you felt like sorry at points. and just plenty. one of the things that we were talking about for after that scene was over there in bed and cuddling, and she says, I love you. and he, you know, in his dougie way, sort of inadvertently reciprocate. and I think in that moment, we were both like, I think we got dougie for a while. for a while, yeah, I'm okay with this. but I know people are going to be a little mad at this, but I think we're going to have dougie, or I hope I'm wrong. I'm saying this now just to hope that I'm wrong, I just jinx it. but I think we're going to have dougie for a lot longer than we thought, just because, now this confirms dated after that scene in the bedroom. if only other times didn't, this sort of does. even the dumb doctor can give them a cat scan to figure out what's wrong with him, right? okay. now, in this episode we also got some very Twin Peaks scenes that have to do with the sort of more freaky storylines sometimes, that are going on in typical Twin Peaks fashion. and those two are with Cole in his hotel room. and then later on we get a phone call between Hawk and Margaret, the lovely, okay. spheal, whole episode is travelling along. we're getting just a regular, you know, new return stuff, and then all of a sudden, Gordon Cole opens the door. then, BAM, right? he sees Laura when he opens the door. it's from fire walk with me, from right after Laura realized that Bob and her father and Leland were the same, the same person. and then she runs to Donna to sort of find an anchor. why that particular shot from fire walk with me? I'm not totally sure. there's a part of me that has, even though, as I've said, and a little bit concerned about whether Albert's still a good guy. maybe it's possible that what we're seeing there still is, you know, that there is like a bond of friendship between Albert and Gordon. it's also true that he was delivering information about Diane, who we are now worried about. and maybe there's some tithes there to just trust. yeah, issues in general, which is would be the callback to fire walk with me, plot wise, that's really important. right? so now we now we know that the FBI knows that Diane is in communication with somebody, they don't know with who. and the communication from phone, phone was through a server in Mexico. if they're planning some kind of twist here, or some she could be a bad guy. I have a feeling more maybe Bob just has something on her, right? maybe there's the child involved, Linda, and it's her child who knows, and probably got something on her in trying to make me like Blackman. personally, I like this theory that this is where the Linda's out of the equation comes from. either way. and this is what's been talked about quite a lot since that last episode, that the text that that he sends from his phone and the text of she receives are somewhat different. yeah. one of them is all lowercase, and the other one is all capped with punctuation. and it's been suggested that maybe there's a middle person in there somewhere. and honestly, that sounds totally acceptable to me at this point. yeah. I mean, Tammy shows at the cold door, and right now she's got a photo that's taken from one of the cameras in New York, from one of the early cards, and it is totally a picture of Bob Cooper. and, you know, this is, this is the everything sort of coming together, like we're checking off the mysteries, like one at a time. and that's, this is like another, like, confirming what we thought was the case before. it's like, this episode's going slow. but here we're going to give you one thing. Bob built the box. there you go. there's that. and then let's go back to the slow plot. there's one more thing in that sequence with the FBI. other than a little bit earlier, Albert and Constance may be gonna hook, you know, at the hotel restaurant, I love that scene. it is adorable. at the very beginning of the hotel room scene with Gordon Cole, he's sitting there got a Sharpie, doing a drawing on a piece of paper. and what the heck is that about? no idea. but again, it's another thing, just like we got with the Garmin Rochelle and the law the corn, the mushroom cloud. this is really just Gordon coral as Lynch himself, given us metaphor for the whole shuttle, apparently. so we've got like a creature, like a crocodile with electric antlers or something, two horns and a and then arm reaching into this shot that has either a bracelet or a watch on it, I don't know. I have absolutely no idea what's going on. and then also, we get Margaret, the law lady, giving a little speech to hawk, right? I keep, I keep getting just a little bit excited every time she comes back, because it's like she hasn't passed away, right? I just think, oh, wait, there's yet another moment with Margaret. this is great. but now, what she says, getting dark, things are getting dark. and that sort of I think the overall message is that we're getting closer and closer to where things are coming to it. Laura is the one. also, the title. lor is the one. it's the same thing she says years ago for the intro for Twin Peaks. oh, good catch. of course, we go back to Jerry. I don't know about the rest of you, but every time there's a shot of mountains trees or landscapes, I'm hoping we're going back to Jerry. and I think there were maybe two or three before the actual scene with Jerry, and it was really short. he's out there. he's got his cell phone up. he's trying to get out of the woods. but he does say, oh. we also get the return of dr. amp. dr. Jacoby is doing his live show, which is wonderfully paranoid as ever. and Nadine is still listening to it. and I you know, one of the best things about this scene is that we get a cut to the exterior of her store. and so we know she's got a store, great run, silent run drapes, she did it and better store. and the store window is just moving drapes. and one gold [ __ ] digging shovel. so we've finally seen a gold [ __ ] thinking trouble put to use. and one more thing, also, in that scene when Jacobi's on his sort of like ranting tirades, probably a lot of people notices, but he did make a reference to red balloons. and then they brought like, a big red [ __ ] balloon. and we keep seeing them throughout the series. and this was not an accident, Tingting more red balloons. see how this goes. okay, let's get on to some Easter eggs and references from part 10. Greg, I'm going to toss it over to you here, man, you're the one got it. you might notice there's a tiny, little angel in the front of Marian's trailer. it's a subtle callback to Laura Palmer as the angel and fire walk with me at the very end. this episode felt like all about Laura Palmer and her life. in a way, it is, felt like her spirit. I can see with. I can see that carl sings the song red river valley. again. more cowboy themes. we're getting here. oh, man, cowboys. you know what that makes me think of? beautiful. even Johnny horns bear resembles the character from Lynch's short film, dumb land. yeah, I can totally through that. that scary round mouth is so dumb Landy. yeah. so when Chad goes back into the sheriff's department and he takes his donut, he touches two Donuts. gross. gross. gross. the last Easter Egger reference. I don't know if it's totally fair to call it that, is that we got back Rebecca Del Rio at the Roadhouse. she is the woman with the absolutely amazing performance of crying in Mahone drive. now, whether that is a connection to Mulholland Drive, again, we don't necessarily know. but I feel like that spiritual relationship is now much stronger, and I feel so much better about bringing up Hollan drive every damn week. and what is her outfit look like? oh, that dress, the red ring dress. yeah, I loved it. it was great. it's got the, oh, yeah. the call sheet between Peaks has dozens of performers on there, but you don't know exactly what they're playing. so you had Skype here. I was like, oh, she's gonna play at the Roadhouse. me ask use at the Roadhouse? Bashar, yes. just as a junkie though. and then you got Moby. I'm like, okay, cool. I can't wait to see Moby play. oh, he's in the background. I love that he's just in the background. except the scene stealer, and that one was also the drummer. couldn't take your eyes off him. so this episode really felt more into David Lynch's 90s work, especially in the home invasion scene, Richard he it felt very much like, while that hardly proper gorge, I can totally do that. and then again, Clockwork, Orange, you got singing in the rain. so you know what that means? play it quacks. gene Shalit you. [ __ ]. let's get straight to these comments now, Richard Euler in the YouTube comments is, you guys missed the thing that I just caught. dougies boss makes the forming of fist movement that lil makes. and fire walk with me, it means local law enforcement will be belligerent. go back and watch the scene. they caught me off guard, right? so what that's referring to, and by the way, there were actually quite a few comments last week about this, so it was hard not to bring up. basically what that's a reference to is, in fire walk with me where the FBI agents are presented a dancing performance from this woman, all dressed in red. and the whole thing is coded information to the FBI. now, whether Mullins was doing that, what do you think? I don't know about that just yet. I feel like, again, it was Mullins reliving his old boxing days. he's like, I'm going to knock out Anthony when I see him. right? I'm inclined to agree with you. that was my first impression. I didn't quite see the the fire walk with me connection, but I can see how other people saw it. it makes you wonder, is there some connection to the bureau and Mullins is past? and should we be keeping an eye out for more glitches at Lucky seven insurance? y-o-u in the youtube comment says, is no one going to mention the fact that hawk already found the entrance to the black lodge and it's not said anything about it to anyone? maybe that scene was set in the future, but I don't know. okay, you know, I was thinking about this when I first saw the comment. and I saw a few other people make similar comments about hawk sort of retaining information. and a lot of people seem to think like, yeah, you know what actually like it's sort of justified that he wouldn't be trusting everybody, especially we've got somebody like Chad around. and makes a certain amount of sense. and I think what actually lends to that even more is that when Margaret calls him, the sort of middle of her statement is to very specifically reassure him that he can trust the sheriff, truman's and a few other good people. so my guess is that, you know, moving forward, maybe next episode, Hawk is going to let me I seen, he's seen it, right? well, we'll see what I think. I think that's what we're going alright, guys. thank you so much for watching. as always, hit us up in the comments section if you missed anything. yeah, you can also get us on Twitter. our handles are down in the description. make sure to keep here to GameSpot universe, everybody. I'll buy a spa 