hello. this story is about a man who has lived for 14 000 years and constantly change places every 10 years when people start to notice he haven't aged. let's see what happens when he decides to reveal to his colleagues the true reason he is leaving. the movie begins with professor john, oldman, packing his belongings onto his truck, preparing to move to a new home. his colleagues show up to without informing him, they came to give him a farewell party. everyone goes inside the house. while having some talking, one of john's colleague, dan says, so you are leaving suddenly. is there any problem? john says, no. dan, getting more curious, says, where are you going? after a decade of professorship, it would be wise to do this 10 years before, but why now? another colleague, edith, says, he hasn't aged in 10 years. all the lecturers want to know the secret. john says that he just likes to move on now and then. it's a personal thing, so i have to go. john had a whiskey, and they all wish long life and good fortune to john. and drink the whiskey. art asking what to do for the rest of the afternoon, dan finds a tool which is 17 000 to 11 500 years old, belonging to magdalenian culture, also called upper paleolithic. everyone amazed to see it here. john seems to be bit worried and hairy, saying, that you're creating a mystery here. you have something to say, so say it. john says, i wanted to say something. i will ask you a silly question. what if a man from upper paleolithic survives till the present day and never died? dan says, it's an interesting idea. are you writing a science friction story? john's saying, let's say i am. what would he be like? harry saying, pretty tired. dan says, seriously speaking, he would live for 14 000 years and could be like any of us, because there are no anatomic differences in assuming normal intelligence. we think man from upper paleolithic was as intelligence as we are, but he didn't know much. but john's man would have learned as the race learned. and in fact, if he had an inquiry in mind, his knowledge would be astonishing. asking to have a look at it if he do write a book. when linda, who is a student of art jenkins, asks, what would keep him alive. harry, who is a biologist, says, a human body is designed and can live for 190 years, but most abuse died due to slow poisoning. but in science friction terms, if a human body functioned perfectly and regenerate cells perfect then he could live for thousands of years. because in 24 hours, all the cells in pancreas are changed, stomach lining, in three days, in the whole body. in seven years. if his body does a perfect detox, perfect renewal, then he could duck decay. anything is possible. a time was there when people used to believe in magic. and now in science, there was also a time when columbus went to find new route to india, and everyone said, he is mad. john says, i had chance to sail with columbus. was pretty sure the earth was round, but at that point i thought he might fall from edge at some place. john's colleagues look surprised. harry says, so you are a very old cro-magnon, living until the present. john makes a weird sound, and everyone starts laughing. sandy, who went to take something to eat, comes and asks what happened. and art says that john is telling that is 14 000 years old. and sandy says, come on, john, you don't look a day over 900. everyone finds this interesting and wants to listen more. john says, every 10 years or so people would start to notice that i don't age. so i move on. i aged till about 35 years. i ended up leaving my group. they saw me as magical. i didn't have to fight for it. then fear came. they chased me away. they thought that i was stealing their lives away to stay young. he says that he doesn't remember everything. it's selective memory. the high points, the low points, traumas, you remember them forever. i kept getting chased because i wouldn't die. so i got hang of changing groups and got idea of periodically moving on. the first 2000 years were cold. it was warmer at lower terrains. with time, the glaciers started melting and the sea started to get visible. and the continents were separated by rising seas. art says, you will get this in any textbook. john says, through books, i was able to recollect my memories, else it is impossible to remember everything for 14 000 years. linda asks, were you curious where we all came from? john says, we would look up at the sky and wonder, there's got to be some big guys up there, and it's all down here. at first i thought there was something wrong with me. maybe i was a bad guy for not dying. then i began to wonder if i was cursed, or perhaps blessed, and i thought maybe i had a mission. i think it just happened. linda asks why you can't remember where you are from? geography hasn't changed. i learnt that. john says, i migrated through an endless, flat space full of endless new things, forests, mountains, tundra, canyons. my memory sees what i saw, then my eyes see freeways, urban sprawl. earlier on, the world got bigger and bigger. i've been busted a few times, spent a year in jail for faking a government application. art says, an answer for every question except one. john, why are you doing this? jon says that i wanted to say goodbye to you as me, not what you thought i was. art thinks that jon has some serious problem and goes to a room. john starts to move some boxes, and dan asks if he has any relic, artifact reminding you of your early life, like this may be. john explains, if you lived a 100, 1000 years, would you still have this? what would cause you to keep it? even with you don't have the concept of beginning, it will be gone, lost. no, i don't have artifacts. keep that. john moves the boxes out, and everyone confused if he is serious. harry searching for any hidden mic or camera. and arc calling dr will gruber, a psychiatry professor, informing how crazy john is acting, and asks him to come as soon as possible. sandy saying john that she loved him, asking if he could love him. john's saying he cares for her, fond of her, and certainly attracted to her. and says, now, you know what you would be getting into? you and any children will age, but i won't. she says that my parents got separated before i was born, and my mother's second marriage lasted for whole three years. and says, there's deaths illness, acts of god. no one knows how long they have. i love you. will take whatever you can give. john says, like 10 years. then the scene suddenly cuts to them entering the house, and harry grabs him from behind. and john defends himself. and when asked to harry why he did it. he says that he wanted to check john's reflexes. john says that he don't have eyes on back of his head, and he is not in any way a superman. some saying they still have questions. art, asking if he remembers any of his original language. john says that he remembers a little. he says one thing hasn't changed, and whistle's looking at sandy. linda asks if he did any cave art. john says his friend used to do a pretty good drawing of the animals they hoped to find to eat. linda asks if this is why all you students say your knowledge of history is so amazing. john says, no, that's mostly based on study. it's one man, one place at a time. my solitary viewpoint of a world i knew nothing about. dan, asking to talk about what he did know about. jon continues, next few thousand years, it got warmer. art saying, next few thousand years, i know you're guessing. john says, you can't get there from here. art, we hunted reindeer, mammoths. ark continues, bison, horses. the climate changed, and you got the idea of growing food rather than gathering it, raising animals rather than hunting it. come on, john, it's out of any textbook john says, even yours. you got most of it right. eventually, i headed to the east, thinking it might be warmer there. i got curious about the world. i got the hang of moving alone and fitting him where i wanted to. it was around beginning of bronze age. i followed the trade routes from the east, traded copper tin, learning new languages as i went everywhere. creation myths, new gods, so many, so different. i finally realized that it was probably all a lie. so i was sumerian for two thousand years, and finally babylonian. moving on was easier as hunter-gatherer, difficult as villages merged. tougher in city-states where authority was centralized. strangers were suspect. it seemed as though i was always moving on. i learned some tricks, even faked my death couple of times. i continued east to india. luckily, at that time i met buddha, most extraordinary man i have ever known. he thought me things i never thought about before. so i studied with him until he died. he knew there was something different about me. i never told him. art asks that you or you tell this to us, we might tell this to everyone. john says that it would vanish in disbelief. even if i made you believe me, in a month, you wouldn't. some of you will call me psycho. and some will be angry. some of them really gets angry by all this. now will arrives. remember that art had called him because of how john was acting. we'll ask, so you're a caveman? john says that he was a cro-magnon. will asks when he realized that. john says that when a cro-magnon was first identified, when anthropologists gave them a name, i had mine. will asks if he has ever been ill in this enormous lifetime. john says that in prehistory, i can't tell you, maybe pneumonia once or twice. but in last few hundred years, i got an over typhoid, yellow fever, small pox. i have survived the black plagues. they ask, you had small pox, but you don't have scar john says, i don't scar. harry asks john to take medical tests and it can prove what he is saying. but jon says he doesn't want to prove it, afraid that he might go into a stay for a thousand years while cigarette smoking men tried to figure me out. harry asks if he thinks he would betray him in any way. jon says, walls have ears. dan asks, you would have studied a great deal. john says, i have 10 degrees, including all of yours, except wills. that's over a span of 170 years. i got my biology degree at oxford in 1840. we knew so little at that time. same in other areas. i can't keep up with the new stuff that comes along. no one can, not even the specialist. dan says, i see your point, john, no matter how long a man lives, he can't be advance of his times. he can't know more than the best of the race knows. john says that living 14 000 years didn't make him genius. it just had time. will says, people go around armed these days. if i shot you, john, would you survive this? are you immortal? john says, i never said i'm immortal, just old. i might die. will asks, have you ever wished it would end? john says, no. some people come to pick up the furniture for charity. jon says, to take them, but to leave one couch for ladies and the elderly. will says that some of your early fellows feared you were stealing their lives. have you thought perhaps you were? perhaps you are. there have always been legends of such a thing, a creature, not quiet human, taking, not the blood, but the life force itself, unconsciously, perhaps, by some biological or psychic mechanism that we can only guess at. i'm not saying you would do such a thing deliberately. i'm not saying that you would even know how to, would you? john asks, so you believe me now? will says, i'm only exploring what you have said. whether i believe it or not is of no importance. but if it were true, is there one among us who would not feel envy you told us of yourself, john, can you imagine how we feel? john says, i never thought of that. the people who came to collect the furniture leaves. will says that you might be bored, perhaps lonely, because your heart cannot keep its treasures. is that what you're doing? have you led a wrongful life? well, then perhaps it is time to die. he takes out a revolver and points to john and says, a shot to the arm, perhaps we could watch it heal. what exactly would happen? dan, telling to give the gun, will leave, saying that he has work to do. john is told that will's wife passed away yesterday because of cancer. john realized will is in pain because his wife's death. so he runs to apologize and asks the revolver. well, gives his revolver. john sees that there is no bullet in that revolver. jon comes back inside, everyone saying that they want to hear more. dan asks, could there be others like you? john says, i met a man in 1600s. i thought he was like me, so i told him. he said, yes, but from another time, another place. we talked for two days. it was all pretty convincing, but we couldn't be sure. we each confirmed what the other said, but how do we know if the confirmation was genuine or an echo? we parted agreeing to keep in touch. of course, we didn't. in 200 years later, i thought i saw him in a train station, lost him in the crowd. dan asks if he is religious. john says, i don't follow any religion. long time ago, i did like most people. dan asks if he believe in god. john says, i have no need for that hypothesis. he may be around, though. dan asks, did you ever meet any person from our religious history, a biblical figure? john says, in a way, they ask who? john says, we should skip this one. this is going in a direction that i didn't expect. i hoped it wouldn't. we call it a night. everyone forces him to tell john says, the entire bible is mostly a myth and allegory with some basis in historical events. the truth is so simple. the new testament in 100 words or less, you ready? edith, who firmly believes in bible, says, i don't think i want to hear this. the new testament is sacrilege. everyone convinces her to sit down. harry says, all right, john, hit us with the short form. john says, guy met the buddha, liked what he heard, thought about it for a while, say 500 years while. he returned to the mediterranean, became an etruscan seeped into the roman empire. he didn't like what they became a giant killing machine. he went to the near east thinking, why not pass the buddha's teachings on in a modern form. so he tried one dissident against rome, rome one. the rest is history. well, sort of a lot of fairy tales mixed in. edith says, i knew it. he's saying he was christ. john says, ho no, that's the medal they pinned on jesus to fulfill prophecy. dan asks about the crucifixion. john says that he blocked the pain, as he had learned to do in tibet and india. he also learned to slow his body processes down to the point where they were undetectable. they thought he was dead. so his followers pulled him from the cross, placed him in a cave. his body normalized as he has trained it to. he attempted to go away undetected, but some devotees were standing watch. tried to explain. they were ecstatic. thus, i was resurrected, and i ascended to central europe to get away as far as possible. art asks to show his wrists. john says, i don't scar. john also compares pagan mythology with christianity. dan says, the early christian leaders, they threw away hebrew manuscripts and borrowed from pagan sources all over the place. he also says that jesus and buddha teaching mean the same thing, kindness, tolerance, brotherhood, love. john says, that's what i taught, but later, many stories were created. priests created heaven and hell so they can rule through seduction and terror. well, who left before comes back and says that i drove for a while, then sat for a while, and i'm so ashamed, but i still don't believe you. john, you need help. john, taking him inside, says, everyone needs help, will saying, well, some more than others, they say, to what happened when he wasn't there. art asks about the name jesus. john says, i called myself john. i almost always do. as tales of the resurrection spread, the name was confused with the hebrew yo canon, meaning god is gracious. my stay on earth was seen as divine proof of immortality that lead to god as salvation, or hebrew, yahshua, which in translation, became my proper name, changing to late greek lesson, then to late latin lisas and finally, medieval latin jesus. and it was a wonder to watch it all happen? dan asks, then you didn't claim to be the son of god? john says, i said i had a master that was greater than myself. i never said he was my father. i wanted to teach what i learned. i never claimed to be king of the jews. i never walked on water. i never raised the dead. i never spoke of divine except in the sense human goodness on earth. i did do a little healing with some eastern medicine i'd learned. that's it. i did some teaching on a hill one day. not that many people stayed. i gave them one choice. who do you think i am? i'm giving you one edith gets very emotional and starts crying. many of them almost believing. will says, to stop this. it's gone too far. these people are very upset. i don't believe you are mad, but what you're saying is not true. the time has come when you must admit this is a hoax. he demands. to tell these people the truth. a few moments of silence, and then jon says, it was all a story. everyone gets disappointed. john says, you gave me the idea, all of you. edith said, i never age. dan gave me the book on early man. i got the notion i ran it past you to check your reactions, and i took it too far. i had the perfect audience, anthropologist, archaeologist, christian, literalist, a psychologist. everyone gets angry, sad and disappointed and starts leaving. sandy still believes that what john was saying was true, since he won't use people or abuse their good will and intelligence. i wanna know what was your real name? my name was always john. i only changed my surname. he named some of them. he also says, about 60 years ago, when i was teaching at harvard, i was john t pardy well, who was not believing in john listens this and is shocked. he says, you did not teach chemistry. i do not believe you. john says, your mother's name was nola. he breaks and wants to reject this, and asks, my dog's name? we had him before i was born. john says, woofy, which was true. and will becomes very emotional. you abandoned us. sorry, i had to move on. will has an emotional breakdown and gets a heart attack. ambulance is called and will's dead body is taken sandy says, you never saw your grown child die before? john says he hadn't. takes his car and drives to the road and stops and waits. he was waiting for sandy. and sandy decides to go with him. the story ends. thanks for watching. and i hope you all liked this movie. and tell me any movie that you want me to explain. [Music]. you 