welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, and after a 10 week long journey, we're now at the finale of lovecraft country. throughout this video, we're going to be going over the entire episode and breaking down all of the easter eggs and things that you might have missed. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, then i highly recommend that you check out now. please subscribe to the channel, as you still have a lot of lovecraft stuff to talk about after this video, and you definitely don't want to miss it without the way. thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into the breakdown. okay, so episode 10 is titled full circle. and it's probably the most straightforward name so far. everything comes full circle. but that doesn't mean it's pointless, get it? because because circles don't have points. now, never mind, there's a circle spell used at one point, which reunites all of the free mints around their worst ancestor, titus. and throughout the entry, circles pop up at several key points. the episode brings everything to a close and fulfills the prophecy that was laid out with the book lovecraft country. i wish i just used that as a plot summary, because they pretty much spoiled the entire season in episode 8. however, there are a lot of things up in the air, and showrunner misha green has stated that she has ideas for a second entry, but sadly, nothing has been confirmed yet. now the book ends with the group going head to head with captain lancaster, and caleb, who christina is based upon, he gets stripped of his powers, and atticus montrose, horatio, who is george's son. and basically all of the characters end up getting a happy ending, with the core group heading off on a road trip across america in the hopes that things will change. it's more of a hopeful and upbeat way to close things, with montrose and tick repairing their father and son relationship and forming a bond where they move in a new direction together as they build more pages in the travel guide. however, the season goes in a completely different direction. but we do get hints of this, and actually open with a shot of the travel guide hinting at the way things ended in the source material. now, as we know, the show is dealing heavily with the multiverse, so one can view the book as an alternate dimension. and this was even hinted at with the original protagonist being called atticus turner, whereas in the series he's called atticus freeman. the episode opens with the group returning from the observatory with diana, and atticus starts the spell to free her from the curse, which is when the book of names flips open and stops on the page of his birthmark. this causes tick and letty to faint, and they wake up in the ancestral plane, which is a similar sort of aesthetic to what we saw in black panther. the burning lodge is an important place for the freemans, as it's well the moment they became free, and it's also where the lineage of titus breithwight would be carried on. and thus it's a pivotal scene which would lead to the events that we see play out in the show. now, atticus meets hannah, whereas letty, who's bearing his child, meets hattie. from last week, we discovered that in order to hide them, hannah created a spell, which is the birthmark that tick and his family will share this, in some ways, backfired though, and actually also created this ancestral plane for all of them in which they could find sanctuary spiritually. hannah states that every night she would end up in the ancestral plain, and that she initially believed that this was hell. she soon learned to wield it though, and it became somewhat of a paradise. now, as we know, all her descendants come here. and i believe that this symbolizes generational pain. it's something that we've talked about throughout the season. and though i can't fully grasp it myself, a lot of people of color who've been in touch with the show have stated that they feel like they're born into a world where they have the past and the pain caused by it constantly looming over them. this is very much the case here. and hannah tried to rid herself of this, so she opened the book of names to seal it. at some point though, hannah realized that the fire was a representation of the fire within her. and there were also hints of this in last week's episode, when we heard sonia sanchez's poem catch the fire, which too is about fueling rage and pain in order to keep you going. hannah has harnessed the fire and created a binding spell. and both take and let you learn that they must sacrifice him in order to fully deliver it. and there are some excellent scenes here. and atticus reunites with his mother, and she tells him that he has the best parts of both george and montrose. we don't learn who the true father is just yet, but the fact that they leave it ambiguous makes me think that it is likely george. there's very much this idea of sacrificing oneself in order to make sure that the future can be better. and it's something that we as humans often have to deal with now, though we aren't out here performing incantations like the people in the show. i love that this series has been laced with the idea that the older generation almost have some sort of duty to try and make things better for the younger ones. and it's something we should all strive for at some point. they stand around diana and heal her, though she loses her arm in the process, which, as we guessed, leads to her being the woman in the future with the robotic limb. i also love that diana has solar system pajamas. as her mother, of course, is heavily interested in astronomy. now, they debate the plan back and forth as it involves tick having to put himself in the firing line. they actually state they wish to rob christina of her magic, which i appreciate, as it's what they do in the source material. tick and letty head to titus's vault. and along the way, he puts his hand over a panel which is holding his shog off. as many of you pointed out, this suggoth is actually black, and i love how it shows that he too can wield the power that was once exclusively only available to white people. in the basement, they summon titus using the resurrection spell, and hannah arrives too. titus sees himself as an awfully kind man and states that he gave hannah more than any other black person had. i think this is a reference to the section in the book in which kayla pays montrose money in retribution for how his family treated theirs. caleb views this as doing montrose a favor, when, in reality, montrose and his family were owed a lot more than money. this is something that's often brought up in the case of reparations. and it's estimated that, due to the system, african americans lost out on 1.4 trillion dollars. thus we aren't really doing them a favor by just paying them back, and it's what they should have had in the first place. now, i could just be reading into that, but you know, you know, i love the source material, and any connection to that i can make with the show, i always try and do it. now, titus escapes and goes to christina, which causes her to crash the car. however, due to her invulnerability spell, she's okay. we see that she never gave one to ruby, and get further hints towards their relationship dynamic. titus tries to tell her what tick and car are up to, but he summoned back, and tick cuts the organ out of him that's needed for the ceremony. we actually saw something similar to this being performed on samuel in episode 2, and it's a nice little call back to the performance of that knight. our titus gets snapped, and along with the rest of the descendants, they fade to ash. i think this is actually a nod to the bible, namely, the verse, ashes to ashes, dust to dust, which is often used as a symbolism of death. now, this resurrection spell is important, as i actually think that it's a way in which atticus can be brought back. from what we see of titus, he is able to escape and move around. and it is possible that a kiss could return through this method. however, we'll get more into that later on in the video. and hippolyta goes and visits diana in bed, and the pair discuss how the former had to leave in order to become arithia blue. though hippolyta got to free herself from her box, diana was very much left abandoned. and again, we get this idea of the older generation having to give up something so that the younger generation can thrive. ideally, hippolyta should have remained behind and given up her dreams so that diana could be safe. however, they don't really confirm that. and i do like the way that the show wrestles over this motif, as it often does paint out elders as being there to care for others and not themselves. now, hippolyta goes to tick montrose and letty, and decides to help in their plan, which is when christina arrives, she tries to get the buck in order to find a way to cast her spell without sacrificing tick. but tick denies her this, and christina storms out absolutely furious, removing letty's mark of cane in the process. the group head back to the winthrop house, and across the street we see that a black couple have moved in there. this shows that though letty's move may have seemed pretty insignificant at first, she truly was a pioneer that inspired others to do the same thing. we also see the blood mark on the door, which is used as protection, though i don't know if it's just me, but it seems to be fading, slightly hinting that danger could be coming for them soon. tick calls gr and we see across town a man is trying to chat her up by asking where she's from. the first place he says is japan. and clearly this is commenting on how a lot of western people pretty much always assume that asian people are either chinese or japanese, even though there's a diverse range of eastern countries and areas. tick goes and meets here, and we learn that her mother died. we did guess that she was going to be the final soul that was needed to lift the curse. but as we see the kumio later in the episode, it becomes clear that she died recently and didn't give herself up in order to free her daughter. gr says that she's destined to enter the darkness, but tick tells her they can be heroes or monsters. this is mirrored nicely by ruby meeting with letty at their mother's grave. ruby 2 has a choice, and she goes on quite an interesting arc for the finale. letty admits that she didn't go to their mother's funeral because she was in jail at the time, and regrets the way their family were. she informs ruby that she needs her in order to get a part of christina to use in the spell. and ruby realizes that she's being used and tells her that letty only really wants to be her sister when she wants something. if you cast your mind back to episode 1, you may recall that she gave her a similar speech when, like he arrived looking for somewhere to stay. but this time, instead of agreeing to it, ruby initially denies her however, letty tells her more how we cutted diana, who's having to learn how to draw right-handed. we can see on the newspaper that she's scribbling on that the headline reads, all white, all-male jewry acquits emmett till's murderers. this actually happened in real life, and the people behind the crime admitted to killing emmett after the fact, but they weren't ever prosecuted because of the double jeopardy laws. it's a true case of injustice and shows just how rigged that the system really is. under her door, hippolyta slides a comic which documents her travels across the universe. diana doesn't believe that she'll be able to ever draw again like that. and hippolyta takes her to a room, which is where she gives her a robotic arm. hippolyta has decided to focus on her children now, rather than herself. and again, it's this notion of sacrifice. ruby goes to christina, where the latter discusses how the spell will work, and the two kiss as their true selves for the first time. ruby's journey has very much been about self-acceptance. i think this moment holds a lot of weight to it, as it is her truly deciding what kind of person she wants to be. now she is accepting that she does love christina. however, she also loves her family, and with this spell laid out like that, she knows what she must do in order to help her sister jump to tick getting baptized valetti, who, as we know, has started to become more and more religious. she's found god inside herself. and the two share a really tender moment with one another that culminates in a montage in which nina simone, i am blessed plays. tick truly is, and for once, he sees his family, his community, organized in together, unified by one common goal. they scramble to woody, and ruby apparently arrives to give letty a piece of christina. we later learn that this is actually christina, and that she caught ruby trying to steal from her. she then killed her and took her appearance. and it's a big twist that shows though christina did love her, she too was willing to do whatever it took in order to achieve her goals. throughout our breakdowns, we've discussed how ruby often viewed herself as somewhat of a partner to christina, when that was never really the case. and in fact, it was very much a master servant relationship in which christina completely controlled her. it's sad that in the end, this came to fruition, and i wasn't expecting it at all. it's the first time we really see christina as the big bad i think it works really, really well. now, on the road, she says that she felt this sense of family, and that it was nice sitting listening to shaboom. life could be a dream about the coasters. i love this scene, and it felt like the much needed calm before the storm in which all of our characters were happy and together. upon arriving at autumn, they enter the woods, and we hear the ominous soundtrack of the village creep in as tick eats the piece of titus that they took from him earlier in the episode. they form a salt circle. however, we pull out to see what looks like a much bigger one surrounding the lodge. in the ruins, the villagers arrive, and they also surround the group on the outskirts. overpowering them with these. christina throws letty off the tower, which kills her again, though she does return, but i'm sure she's sick of being killed. at this point in the woods, diana is attacked by a shoghorth. however, she's saved by ticks, which we learn he taught her to use. christina arrives to carry out the ceremony, dressed in what looks like a wedding dress. and i think this has been chosen because she's tying both tick's life and his family to hers. there's very much this symbology that black bodies have been used in order to empower white people. and i love the symmetry of letty lying on the ground, montrose being knocked out, and take two being tied in a submissive position to showcase this motif. christina carries his ceremony out and is showered with blood, further showcasing how the blood of black people has been used to in the lives of white people. this is also what gr saw, and i think the ending should be taken that because take went to her for help, they were able to piece together, from her prophecy some parts of what would happen. and prepare for it in advance. the showrunner did go into this in more depth in their interview with collider, and stated that the finale very much represents the darkness that was prophesied for gr and how she becomes instrumental in changing things. what i kind of took this as is pocs uniting against the common cause of inequality to help one another. and we watch as letty steps forward and stabs christina, whilst jr halter in place with the kumio tentacles. this is the binding spell, and itali's not only taking christina together, but also all white people who possess magic on the planet. this strips them of their abilities, and it very much levels the playing field. misha green stated that atticus was very much someone who was fighting his destiny, which was to die. but in the end, he accepted it in order to upset the power balance and held things even out, leading to equality for all those who had been victim to the magic wielding white people over the last few centuries. tick dies as his father battles with realizing the fate he's tried to protect him from has come true. and hippolyta presents him with the letter that tick wrote for him take. really gave his life to protect and free everyone, and this has allowed for everyone to be united. there's a lot of crucifixion symbolism laced within tick's death, and i definitely think it stands in place to show that he gave up his life in order to help other people. he hopes that montrose finds the second chance at being a father that he always wanted in his grandson, george, and asks him not to waste the opportunity. the season ends with christina under the rubble, and diana arrives to strangle her with her new robotic arm, not leaving anything to chance. she says that she still hasn't learned, because christina calls out for help from black people, even though she tried to ruin their lives and was happy to step on them in order to achieve her goals. now ends the season on the future generation taking control into their own hands. and it does hint to what i think will happen in the series. now, though it is possible to bring tick back through the use of the resurrection spell, i actually think they're gonna do something different. in her interview with collider, green said that she wanted to use the book story to platform off into discovering other races and people such as asians, mexican americans and so on, could be appearing in the future, though she remained tight-lipped over what would be happening. if there is a second season, i actually think that we've already had hints to it already. now, when tick traveled to the future, we learned that there had been several riots. and i believe that the next season could take place close to modern day and show things from the perspective of his son, george. we know that diana is a huge part of this feature, and thus it makes sense as to why the season ends on her. now, white people are obviously gonna be annoyed that they've lost their power all of a sudden. i think it's very much gonna showcase how they're trying to take back control by oppressing others. diana and george will have to fight back against this, and this will lead to the civil unrest that atticus saw in the future. diana will sort of be george's auntie, i think. i'm not sure of the whole family tree thing, with the way things are, but i can see her sort of being a mentor. and george may retrace his father's footsteps in order to create the book before the show goes off into a new direction. i'd love to see the time travel scene from the future's perspective, with ticks showing up to get the book before disappearing into the past. but hey, that's just wishful thinking for now. anyway, that's the ending, but let me know your thoughts and theories below. okay, and that concludes the season. and what a season it's been. i think this show has been such an eye-opener in terms of bringing things to the forefront that aren't ever really discussed in tv shows or the media. whether it's the korean war or the tulsa massacre, this has put things out in the open that deserve attention, even though unfortunately, they don't really get it. for example, when researching the tulsa massacre, it brought up false numbers, such as 36 as the official amount of deaths, when the real total is more than 10 times that. it shows things need to change, and that there's a lot of ways we can do this, such as acknowledging history and holding ourselves to account to make sure it doesn't happen again. now, on top of being educational, lovecraft country is also an incredible fantasy journey that's touched upon several genres and honestly made some of the best entries in them i've seen for a long time. whether it was the horror elements, the riffs on indiana jones, sci-fi or time travel, it expertly pulled these off. and it's a credit to the creative team and cast that the show managed to constantly change the way it worked, whilst also keeping things consistent. i absolutely loved it. and also, thank you everyone each week for dropping your comments and feedback on the videos, which has helped me to improve my perspectives, understand the context better. and though i still feel like i'll never fully grasp certain things, i appreciate people explaining them. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode and season. and again, thank you for contributing so much. you're the best. and if you missed any of our videos, then make sure you check them out after this. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat us on a discord server linked in the description, or have you spoilers on twitter? thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been, paul. and hopefully i'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 