welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your house definition. and like a bow of Hell named Lucille, negan is on the run. episode 4 felt like a non-stop onslaught that slowly escalated the stakes and showed just how difficult that it is to survive in the land of the undead. and it ended on a pretty big cliffhanger that has a lot of fans excited. throughout this video, I'm gonna be breaking down everything that you need to know about the latest episode, as well as what we can take from the ending. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch episode 5 yet, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. that's your last chance to back out. and without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into the breakdown. previously on The Walking Dead, Zeke doesn't know how to talk to Carol. Kelly doesn't know if anyone is talking to her. and negan just wants to talk his way out of everything. he's all kind of served the key events of episode 5, and it's very much centered around these characters and what they are going through. we opened with Kelly, who is pretty much trying to prove to herself that she is a value and can overcome her rapidly deteriorating hearing. and it's quite easy to sympathize with the character. I'm sure we've all had setbacks in our lives where we've done something to prove that we are actually better than our worst aspects. and it sucks seeing the character just hit with blowback after blow back, becoming rapidly aware that she probably isn't cut out for this life. the intro has is questioning what will happen to her. and this is murdered and negan, with him out on the run, we are left asking, who set him free? where will he go next? and where the heck ins is this leather jacket? yes, I said heck ins. this isn't a PG video. we go hard. negan's escape couldn't have come at a worse time either, mainly because the Christmas sales unleaded jackets haven't started yet, and also because the camp is at its lowest point in the wake of last week's horde attack. a lot of supplies have been stolen, and the survivors of Alexandria pretty much have to stay back and put their own home in order before going after everyone's favorite baseball star, Meighan, joined by Rondon, his parole officer, it's revealed to be the one that released the villain because his father idolized him. and now he does to. those who read the comics will have seen this coming a mile off. and similar to the character in the source material depiction, Brandon just wants his hero to return. it differs slightly from the comic books, as in that Brandon's father was killed by Rick in self-defense, so he unleashed negan in order to start a war between the whisperers and the camp in negan, he slept the beast out of the cage. and now he initially doesn't make his motives clear, it becomes apparent that he is trying to get the character to reveal his true side, gifting him his infamous leather jacket and Lucille, which is probably still covered in Glenn's brains. Brandon really acts as the devil on Nikken shoulder this episode. and throughout he constantly tempts the character. it's an awesome aesthetic in watching him shout, damn. classic. negan is hilarious. now, I have been saying that this episode would be something special for a while, and it didn't disappoint. watching old nags get back into the swing of things, pun intended, is brilliant. and it really makes me want to see a lot more focus on the character in the future. he meets two more survivors out on the road, a mother and a son, that Brandon tries to use in order to manipulate negan into remembering that people should be used in whatever way possible to live another day. this kind of plays into the end, and it shows that, though negan may not be the old one, he still has a dark side. in other parts of the camp, daryl is out and about with connie on the hunt for Kellie. and it's clear that she's run into some trouble, and after the cliffhanger opening, her fate comes into question throughout the episode. I'm glad that The Walking Dead is really at a point now where every character's death feels like it could come at any moment. and this manhunt, or sorry, woman hunt, is a nice little subplot for the main action of the episode. else where, we learn that though The Walking Dead whisperers and so on still live. the group also has to deal with the real-life diseases that often come with being a human. this comes in the form of Zeke, who, though we don't know for certain, has appeared to have developed a Tyrod cancer. natural diseases and things like this are something that I've always wondered about in this world, and it's great that we finally are at a point where they are tackling it. and it reminds us of just how screwed probably is. there are no doctors, no surgeons and no chemo. so if Zeke's diagnosis is indeed correct, then he's probably fresh out of luck. in other parts of the camp, Earl is spouting off his conspiracy theories about how alpha attacked the camp, the grassy knoll and how the moon is made of cheese. turns out he's right though, and we do get confirmation in this episode that the whisperers have indeed been trying to off the group. alpha clearly wants to wear the survivors down, but the whisperers, and I guess the audience, are questioning why she doesn't just unleash a massive hoard. the show does what it has to do, and answers this subtly by having alpha kill at a Center for questioning her leadership. and to me, this cements that the reason she refuses to do it is because, of Lydia Alva has the means to kill them outright, but deep down, she knows that she will also kill her daughter in the process. and as much as she claims she wants to do it, she clearly doesn't. maybe she should just sneak into the camp one night and do some nut tapping. remember, don't aim too high. gamma is clearly struggling with her strategy too. and after Aeryn helps her, it hints that she might be the weak link in the chain that ends up making its snap. later in the episode, we learned that Alpha wants to use gamma as bait to draw Eren out and getting in in the camp. and it's gonna be interesting to see how this develops. Kelly is found asleep in the woods, and it's revealed that she took the supplies, and this raises the distrust. through this Hawk, we discovered that Magnus spent her time in jail due to her going Batman on a Manor ended up doing no time for assaulting her young cousin, and Yumiko defended her because she believed that Magna was innocent. turns out she wasn't. and it's a nice reveal that shows she is one of the good guys deep down, and also highlights the parallels of the current world. in the old one, this was a crime, but here, now we know just how low people can sink. it's not that bad. what is bad though is that Brandon kills the mother and son that he and negan discovered in order to try and set off the character. he gets his wish, but not in the way that he expected. and negan finally unleashes, smashing his head in with a rock. I guess she should never meet your heroes. we watch as the hero or Belen well here, oh yeah, look, he's the best part of the show. heads into Whisperer territory. he says, what's a fella gotta do to get eaten? and it's clear that the old negan is back. and who knows, he might even be here to stay. as he starts taking down walkers like it's nothing. he's grabbed by beta, and it looks like the two are going to faceoff, which is when we cut two credits. now, going forward, it's clear that negan will indeed be joining up with the whisperers and integrating with their camp. I'm gonna go into some heavy comic spoilers here that could happen in the show. so if you don't want to know anything about one of the deaths of the big villains, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. if he's still here, then thanks for sticking around. but in the comics, negan does indeed manage to meld in with the whisperers, and he pretends to love alpha in order to get really closer to her. through their conversations, he realizes that she is still harboring emotions for not only Lydia, but people in general. and alpha breaks down and cries. and this gives negan the perfect opportunity to slit her throat, killing her in the process. last week I did say that I didn't think that the show was gonna go this way, but actually, now we've kind of seen the way things are progressing with the death of Brandon, negan approaching the camp and so on, actually think that they probably will end up doing this. there are three episodes left before going to the big midseason break. and this could mean that negan gets rooted in the camp for the next episode, begins to make his play in the following one, and then the finale ends with him killing the character. it's a really exciting prospect, and it could and this half of the season on a big, big moment. The Walking Dead this year has really hit its stride again, in my opinion. and this has been one of the best seasons that we've had in a long time. there wasn't much competition, but this has been a really good entry that feels like a great character piece for negan and the survivors going forward. it looks like Carol is gonna arm up to and who knows, maybe she will be the one that gets out, while to negan causes a distraction. either way, I do think that the home run hitter is doing this all as a plan to show that he's worth bringing back to Alexandria. and killing our firm maybe his only way home. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode and what you want to see down the line. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. make sure you check out my full breakdown of the series so far, which would be linked at the end. we went over everything you need to know. so if you just want to catch up or need a quick reminder, then this is the channel for you. you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server, which you'll be linked in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with all the latest videos on the channel. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the marble phase 3, part 1, boxer and blu-ray, which contains Civil War, Doctor, Strange homecoming, Ragnarok and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the episode in the comments section below. but when it's gonna be chosen on the 15th of November and the Cell be shipped out from then, - if it gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like. you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace you. [Music]. 