hey, what's up guys. explanation pro is here. today. i'll explain a war action film title midway. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. the movie midway tells the story of the famous battle of midway that is said to be the turning point of the pacific theater during the second world war. because it is historical, the story's focus is not on a singular character. instead, it is a story shared between the americans and the japanese. the movie begins in tokyo. it is 1937, and a meeting between the americans, the british and the japanese had just finished. a japanese officer isoroku yamamoto, cryptically tells the then-american naval attache, edward layton, about what could happen if america cut off the oil supply of japan. he then wants leighton to say this warning to washington. layton does so, but this warning is not heated. four years later, on december 7, 1941, the uss enterprise is conducting scouting missions away from pearl harbor. dick best, a cocky young pilot, is practicing with his radio man, james murray, to land a plane without using the flaps and the engine shut off. his friend, dickinson, tells him that they're superior. mccluskey is not happy with the stun he just pulled. later that day, the japanese launched a surprise attack against the american stationed in pearl harbor. the japanese primarily targeted the american ships that were docked during that time. in one of these ships, the uss arizona, an officer named ron pierce saves a young crew member from impending death before dying himself. this officer is one of dick best's friends. not knowing where they are coming from, the crew from uss enterprise attempts to find the japanese carrier south of pearl harbor, but they fail because the japanese are actually located in the north. upon arriving in pearl harbor, the crew of the uss enterprise sees the damage caused by the surprise attack. he also learns that his friend is one of the men that died aboard the uss arizona. from his friend's scorched remains, best recovers his friend's burnt watch and wedding ring so that he can return it to his friend's wife. a day after the attack, the united states of america soon declared war against the japanese. back in america, fleet admiral chester nimitz receives an order to oversee the war in the pacific until its very end. nimitz has no choice but to accept the role given to him. meanwhile, after returning ron's things to his wife, best gives a speech about his deceased friend in a bar. while walking drunkenly outside, they see nimitz's car passing by. best shouts at him about going back at the japanese for what they have done. afterward, leighton, now a lieutenant commander, meets with the newly assigned nimitz in his office. nimitz, who recognizes layton as a brilliant intelligence officer, wants layton to be by his side and predict what the japanese might do. february 1, 1942, the uss enterprise launches an attack against the japanese on marshall islands. after seeing a runway full of bombers, best immediately engages and successfully bombs the airfield. however, the japanese retaliate by attacking uss enterprise, but they immediately fend them off. back in hawaii, best and his wife attend a party in the offices club. best's wife meets and greets dickinson and mccluskey, while best is away in getting a drink. his wife asks why he's not in command of any squadron, and mccluskey replies that best has no regard for his and other's life. best, on the other hand, meets leighton at the bar. after gathering the drinks, best then invites his wife to dance together before retiring for the night. april 18, 1942. while briefing the new pilot recruits aboard uss enterprise, best and the other crew members sees a group of army bomber planes on a carrier. the commander of these bombers is lieutenant colonel james doolittle, and they intend to bomb tokyo and land on free china afterward. the bombing of tokyo is successfully conducted by doolittle's crew. however, because fuel has run out, the team has to jump on an undetermined place alone. yamamoto contemplates the recent bombing, saying that it is a failure for the japanese because the americans have successfully penetrated their capital, while also risking the life of their emperor at the time. an officer tells him that he is needed for the coming invasion of the midway islands in an unknown part of china. doolittle gets surrounded by chinese soldiers. he informs them that he needs to head to cujo, but the locals do not understand him. luckily, a teacher is nearby and helps in translating what doolittle is saying. after learning that doolittle and his men had successfully bombed japan, the chinese soldier's demeanor changes, warmly, welcoming him and escorting him to kujo. on their way to kujo, doolittle and other evacuating chinese get attacked by japanese fighter planes. doolittle is horrified by this attack, after learning that the japanese intentionally attacked civilians and not just army installations. they then continue to carry on to kujo. back in pearl harbor, nimitz learns that the japanese are attacking coral sea, and he wants the uss enterprise to join the other american ships assigned there. leighton stops nimitz and tells him of a theory. it is possible that coral sea is just a warm up by the japanese and planting something much bigger. but because leyton still does not know this possible plan, nimitz continues his earlier order. may 8th, 1942, the uss enterprise arrives late in coral sea. the commander of the ship, william halsey, tells mccluskey and best that they are now being assigned different positions. mccluskey is now in charge of the air group and is also a dive bomber. on the other hand, vest is now a leader of a bombing squadron. meanwhile, inside a war room, the japanese officers are conducting a war game regarding the attack on midway islands. they are having a dispute about their simulation, because one of the officers, a young one, presents a scenario wherein the americans are already waiting for them, so he attacks their carriers while they have the upper hand. however, the older officer believes that the americans will never know about the attack, thus they will have time to retreat because the americans will be coming from pearl harbor. yamamoto, who just entered the room, advises them to reset the simulation. but the americans will be coming from pearl harbor. this time at pearl harbor, nimitz informs leighton that he has just come off of a phone call from washington, telling leighton that the higher-ups think he is wrong about his earlier theory. leighton disagrees with this, saying that it will be a mistake for the uss enterprise to stay in coral sea. nimitz asks leighton where he thinks the japanese will head. leyton believes it is the midway islands. leyton then explains that it is logical because the midway islands could be the japanese's stepping stone toward hawaii, and that this might happen in a few weeks. nimitz then tells leighton that he would like to meet leighton's intelligence team. leighton informs nimitz that his trusted intelligence officer, rochefort, has a particular way of doing things at the intelligence office. he also tells nimitz that their code breakers are musicians from california, believing that they are suitable for cracking the rhythm of ciphers. upon meeting rochefort, nimitz already notices his odd demeanor. nimitz asks rochefort for a tour around the intelligence office to see how it works. rochefort explains to nimitz that washington's intelligence asserts that the japanese will attack a target code named af. however, washington believes that this af is located in the south pacific. and rochefort disagrees. although all they have are clues. at the moment, rochefort thinks that washington is wrong. nimitz decides to believe in them. afterward, nimitz informs leighton that washington intercepted a message from the japanese. this intercepted message confirms that the target is indeed midway islands. because of this information, the soldiers at midway islands immediately fortified their base. now that he is a leader of a bombing squadron, best briefs his team to exercise and improve their skills. after the briefing, a soldier tells best that he is scared. best tells the soldier to be confident, telling him that he will now be his wingman. however, after a miscommunication, best wingman falls to the sea. the ship then hits the plane's wing and gets overturned, killing the soldier inside. best feels guilty afterward. the next day, nimitz visits halsey, telling him that he needs to rest in a hospital in pearl harbor. halsey refuses, but nimitz tells him that it is a direct order. that night, bess tells his wife that he does not know how to lead his men properly, but his wife motivates him that he can do it. nimitz asks for a ship uss yorktown to be immediately fixed for the upcoming battle of midway. later that day, nimitz, layton and other high-ranking officers have a meeting about the plan. at first they're hesitant because the plan seems to be made out of guesses. but layton reassures them by telling them the exact time and place of a japanese attack. after a briefing, best and mccluskey talk about the upcoming battle, with best asking him for advice because he still does not know how to lead. after that, the soldiers cheer for the return of uss yorktown, which effectively boosts their morale. on the morning of june 4th, 1942, best motivates his men, telling them that they are ready because they are skilled. at 6 40 am, the japanese finally attacked the midway islands, thus officially starting the battle of the midway. at 7 10 am, american fighter planes from midway islands attacked the japanese fleet. the japanese are prepared for them, but they still almost got one of their carriers blown off by the attack. aboard the uss enterprise, the soldiers prepare for takeoff. a japanese scouting plane spots the american fleet. after learning of this, the japanese commander exclaims in disbelief. the commander then orders his men to attack the fleet instead of midway islands. at 7 45 am, uss nautilus, a submarine, manages to locate a carrier and targets it. they fire a torpedo at it, but it narrowly misses the carrier. on the other hand, uss enterprises planes are finally launched to battle. while flying upward, bess discovers that his oxygen tank is filled with something else other than oxygen. he starts coughing madly. as a result, they start searching for the fleet. after a while, mccluskey spots a trailing japanese warship. he decides to follow it, despite the possibility of being wrong. after noticing that the american planes are flying too low, which is a sign that they might have come from a carrier instead of the midway islands, a japanese commander advises his fellow commander to launch an attack. the commander already knows this, but the planes are taking a long time to replace their weapons and ammunition. the planes from uss enterprise finally arrive on the scene, with mccluskey leading the charge. he dive bombs a carrier, but the bomb narrowly misses the target. he also gets injured while fighting off an enemy plane. meanwhile, dickinson and other pilots successfully hit two carriers, leaving only two enemy carriers out of four. after a while, best in his radio man, murray, also succeeds in hitting a carrier after dive bombing it. they also manage to escape chasing japanese planes. yamamoto, who is aboard the battleship yamato, gets informed of the sinking of three carriers. yamamoto grimly tells them that the americans knew about their attack, but he also tells them that there might still be a way to win. best and murray managed to return to uss enterprise because he is wounded. mccluskey is ordered not to return to the fight. best is ordered to gather his men. on his way to gather soldiers, best coughs blood due to what happened earlier with the oxygen tank. despite their losses, best manages to encourage the remaining soldiers to return. murray, however, does not want to return due to best recklessness. but after best insisted, murray reluctantly agrees. at 4 56 pm, the planes from uss enterprise returned to attack the japanese fleet. best manages to dive bomb the remaining carrier of the fleet, exclaiming that it is revenge for pearl harbor. as the sun is going down, the americans decide that it is time to retreat. bess still has not returned, despite one of his wingmen already arriving earlier. back at home, the soldiers housewives received the news of the battle. best's wife cries at the possible death of his husband. but miraculously, best and murray returned just in time. as their engine shuts down, the soldiers cheer for their return. back at the last japanese carrier, the commanders decided that the carrier should be destroyed to not fall into the americans hands. they also decide to go down with their ship, dying with it. by yamamoto's order, the japanese have officially retreated, signaling the end of the battle and a victory for the americans. the movie ends with information about the characters. nimitz stays as the pacific fleet commander until its end, while halsey returns to duty and becomes one of america's greatest generals. yamamoto gets killed in action in the solomon islands campaign. doolittle manages to return to america. dickinson becomes the first pilot to receive three navy crosses. mccluskey eventually gets to command his fleet while also having his name attached to an award. leighton stays with nimitz until the end of the war, eventually releasing a book about his and rochefort's contribution to the war. best becomes one of only two pilots to sink multiple carriers in one day. he also never returns to piloting due to his sickness. thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and also subscribe my channel for more videos like this. see you in the next video. 