okay, so raised by wolves is now out with its eighth and ninth episode. these are the last entries before the finale, and there's a lot to unpack from them. throughout this video, we're going to be going through our thoughts on the penultimate episode and also giving our theories for the finale. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you haven't had a chance to check them out yet, then i highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for breakdowns of the full season. and please drop a thumbs up, as it massively helps us out. without the way, this is the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul. no, not that one. now let's get into the breakdown. okay, so both episodes eight and nine really center around marcus losing his grip on reality as he slowly sinks deeper into his devotion of the mythic religion. juxtaposing this, sue becomes more of a motherly figure for the children. and i think that they're slowly setting up that mother and father will be separated from the group, and she will step in as their maternal figure. episode 9 is even called umbilical, which is of course, a reference to an umbilical cord. and it really feels like she gains a parental role as she slowly steps away from marcus and sides with mother. juxtaposing this episode, a is called mass a religious ceremony. and this entry shows his descent into madness. we open with marcus peeling off his face until he looks like one of the bad guys, and they live as we know. the character is wrestling over who he really is. and this even went so far last week as having him fight the past version of himself. marcus has been plagued with visions throughout the last handful of episodes, and because of this, he believes that he's the chosen one, and not paul. in psychological studies, there's something known as a messiah complex, in which a person believes that they are the savior of humanity. characteristics of this even involve the person with the condition believing that god is, in fact, speaking to them directly, something which both marcus and otto have suffered from. a messiah complex is often associated with bipolar disorder. and the character's personality goes up and down throughout the entry. personally, i believe that we're watching him having an identity crisis. and since changing the way he looks, he subconsciously tried to find something that he can feel he belongs to. and thus has embraced the religion, which may be causing his hallucinations. he goes back and forth between calling sue mary, and internally, i think that he's struggling with delusions. we'll get into all that in just a bit, though. and since escaping the pit last week, mother has returned to the ship in order to fix herself. you may remember last week that father's fingers seem to be communicating through morse code. and in the first episode of the pair, we get further development on this, with us learning that in some ways, the character is reaching out. he signals, soul is the light, a mantra of the religion, which later becomes the password that's used to revert to his old program. and honestly, i've never been happier to hear such a terrible joke. it's good to have you back. now, i believe that after he was reprogrammed, father's true personality remained in his subconsciousness. and through it, he's been carrying out certain acts, emerging to take over control slightly when he's most needed. this is why he left a rub for mother last week and followed champion into the forest. instead of staying behind to help with the burning church, he also threw an axe and mist which i think was the character coming out. both he and marcus struggle with their identities, and both their true personalities are revealed throughout the episodes. across kepler, mother uses a medical ai synth and his brothers as blood bags and helps her to recover from the wounds that she sustained at the hands of marcus. i did see this guy in the trailer and was wondering whether he would be the hooded figure or not. but there's still a big question mark over who that is, and we'll talk about it later in the video. now, inside her stomach, mother finds a tumor that's actually revealed to be a fetus. and we discover that campion managed to program the synth to be able to bear children. we did see in the first episode that the liquid which exists inside her is capable of providing an environment in which a fetus can grow. and it's carried across here with mother becoming an actual mother. i've seen those kinds of cravings. before, i'm not sure if the poster for the series was actually giving this away the entire time. and though it initially seemed like the promotional material was just pointing to campion, looking at it in hindsight, it does seem like it was teasing that this fetus will become the main focus in the show. is this really the chosen one? who knows at this point. but yeah, it's nice looking back at this sort of stuff. now we learned that the mithraic followed the blueprints to build her as laid out in their scriptures, but they did not truly understand them. it is possible that campion did, and that mother was always meant to be a protector rather than a weapon. throughout the season, she's experienced a range of emotions, from heartbreak to happiness and more, which indicates her true character. initially, mother believed that she was malfunctioning, but clearly she's starting to experience genuine feelings, and i think that she will evolve as the series goes on. the scientist, champion reveals that her looking after the kids was just a trial run, and if she succeeded in doing so, then she would be able to bear one herself elsewhere. campion jr is haunted by visions of tally. and though we don't discover what causes these, i do think that they're either coming from a gas on the planet, or the true inhabitants of the land. last week we saw some of the natives in the wood, and they fled, perhaps running from a gas that's invisible to the human eye. this could be causing the hallucinations. however, where this theory falls down is that, although two received similar visions to marcus when he was on board the ship, now it could also potentially be a virus that was passed through the simulation, and due to the time that the humans spent in it, some of their minds have decayed, and they're unable to fully comprehend reality. something similar happened to mother when she entered the simulation last week, and we almost got an inception like thing happened to her with her getting inside simulation within a simulation. what? now, where this falls down is that champion 2 has seen visions at no point in the series has he been in a simulation at all. the third theory is that this is all just a simulation in itself. and the entire show is simply a computer running tests to see if it's possible for atheists and the myth right to coexist peacefully alongside machines. this would be a bit disappointing and cliched, i think. and with the show being renewed for a second season, i can't really see that being the big twist that they go for. however, as we know with mother's own child, the show does have this motif of trialling things first before doing them. but let me know your thoughts below. now, paul sneaks champion food in his cell as well as a communicator. and i tell you that, lad, he really is the best of us. he has the best name, too. marcus catches him, and his paranoia starts to sink in, as he believes that he and sue are planning something. it's sort of a madness of king george situation. and since gaining his leadership position, he's started to believe that everyone is out to take the throne from him. i'm not sure if it happens in the madness of king george, to be honest, it just just sounded clever saying it. i bet thing's story doesn't come out with this kind of crap. anyway, campion manages to claw his way out of his prison, and he sets a light to a tapestry in order to buy him time to get away. during this, however, marcus is prying to seoul, asking for a sign, and thus he interprets the burning as an omen from god. sue leaves the camp with the children, and marcus attempts to track them down. tempest has still been following the trail of milk left behind by mother. however, the latter's bloodlust begins to take over, and she lashes out. she returns to the simulation, and then learns the truth about her child. heading into episode 9, we joined tempest as she comes face to face with her rapist, otto. tempest is, of course, pregnant with his child. and just as she's about to enact her revenge, mother shows up and begins to drain his blood in order to provide for her fetus. the trio travel through the land, with mother making it clear that looking after her child is a prime concern, even though she does still care about tempest. they find metal shards with images on them that are capable of channeling visions. i think this signals that there is intelligent life on the planet. i'm now under the thinking that the house character might actually be one of the original inhabitants of kepler-22b, which we see when mother touches one of the shards. also, is it just me, or did this look like an engineer's helmet from alien? anyway, we already know through the skeletons and creatures on the planet that it can provide life. to me, it makes sense, due to what we've seen in the series so far, that there is a higher form of life, and these were the ones behind the temple structures that marcus is obsessed over. hunter is pressed against one, but instead of burning up, he's fine, indicating that there exists technology on it that can sense when someone is pure or not. or it could actually be sol now, paul and champion also talk about the pits and how both the mouse and tally returned after falling down them. this perhaps confirms that something exists at the bottom that can change life. the mouse seems the same, but in the case of tally, we know that there is something else going on. gravitational anomalies. being in the pit could signal that something is likely controlling them. and as we saw, they were there before mother and father arrived on the planet, so something was likely creating them. it's even possible that these pits will lead to other parts of the planet. i would actually love to see the characters in the show journey through them, as they now have a working ship, which hunter and father take. they could also have been created by the giant snakes that we see, and who knows if we will ever truly find out what they are. on board the ship, the children find a relic from earth that relates to the story of romulus and remus, two children that were raised by wolves, which, of course, ties into the title. we discussed the myth throughout the season and how it relates to paul and champion. so definitely check out our other videos if you want to know more. now, sue and mother reunite. the latter reveals that she knows the truth about her identity. they really bond throughout this episode, and it's clear that the secret is going to be revealed to the children at some point. ortho manages to reverse the transfusion process, and he sucks the blood from mother back into his body. he takes tempest hostage. but she manages to get there. the parole officer, i want to say parole officer, droid's head and toss it, which kills the character in a return of the king's-esque helmet-crushing moment. unfortunately, his draining of mother almost kills her child, but sue hooks herself up to her in order to donate a pint of blood. we learn that sue can't have children due to a bad miscarriage, and this is why she's looked after paul, which he views as being a second chance for her. sue says that when things like paul are brought into existence, that people often chalk it up to being god. and we actually see this reflected in paul, who believes that seoul is the one behind mother's baby. we, however, know from the sim that it was, in fact, champion. i think that the baby will actually further divide the atheists and mithraic, with both using it as a way to determine what is right and wrong. the episode ends with further division, and lucius finally realizes who marcus really is. marcus says that they're all sheep, and that all he did was try and lead them back to the light, but lucius lashes out and stuffs one of mother's eyes in his mouth. after researching these, i've learned that they actually emit microwaves that fire upon eye contact, causing people's heads to explode. lucius stuffs this in marcus's mouth, but it's not as if it's attached to mother, so i don't think that it's to activate. lucious likely believes that the character is dead. however, it's highly unlikely because of the way that it works. now i think going forward, marcus will actually return to sue and co and lie about being ousted by the group, instead saying that he left voluntarily. he will give mother her eye back and then order her to kill the methric so that he can cover up what really happened. however, hunter and father will expose the truth. i actually think that the finale might end with marcus's death. i can't wait until next week, and i can't believe how quickly this show's flown over. but what i'd love to hear right now are your thoughts and theories. so make sure you comment below and let me know if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up and definitely check out our breakdown of the other episodes in the series, which are going to be linked at the end. we're also giving away a free copy of the christopher nolan collection, and all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and drop a comment below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on september the 30th, so make sure you get involved. if you want to support the channel and get to see contents early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chapters on our discord server, linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been definition i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 