have you met anyone with two heads? no, we must call them two people. when they were born, the doctors and nurses in the hospital all vomited or fled in panic. to make people don't discriminate against their family, their mother can only lock them in the house day by day. the two sisters hatred grew while in anger, they stabbed their mother with enough, you can't keep us here. these two girls are very special. they share the same bladder, two hearts and three kidneys. and they have very different personalities. the younger sister on the left is very innocent. the one on the right is very strict. a circus master, knowing of the existence of the two of them, invited them to join. in order to continue to have a life. the two girls just have to accept to work at the circus. but this circus is not a normal circus, but a circus full of freaks. there was a woman with a fur covered face, the smallest man in the world, and so on. every evening the circus will bring these freaks to perform on the stage. a bunch of freaks kept jumping back and forth, keeping the viewers entertained. however, today there was a rich young man in the audience. he was fascinated by the performances. but those performances are just for play. after warming up the stage, it's time for the main performances. singing is the main reason why people pay money to get in here. it seems that people are very excited to watch singing freaks. actually, the owner does not care about the freaks. she just wants to take advantage of them to gain money and fame. after the show, the rich mother and her son suggested that she wanted to buy the two-headed girl at a high price. but the owner of the circus didn't agree. freaks like the girls are making a lot of money for her. how could they easily be sold? the rich mother and son left, but they still haven't given up. the situation of the girls in the circus was also not good. if they want to stay at the circus for a long time, they must have a bit of talent. just standing still cannot make everyone enjoy. the owner immediately told them to try to sing. the older sister sang first, but she sounded awful. one man offered to let her younger sister try for once. the older sister thought that the younger sister was as bad at singing, like her so she refused. the younger sister was also very shy, but under the man's encouragement, she finally sang. everyone was amazed. she was pretty good. they decided to give this two-headed girl a performance on her own. when the person on the left sings, the other one doesn't know what to do. she arose jealousy. immediately sang a few lines to get attention. made the whole circus have the greatest tears ever. the owner saw this situation, she felt threatened, afraid that the girl would take all her fame. she planned to separate the two sisters. that night, she went into their room when the younger sister was asleep, secretly talking to her sister. her plan was successful. suddenly, the two of them were brought onto the operating table. this surgery is to separate the two people from sticking together. the older sister is very happy, because the day she has been waiting for has arrived. finally, she has the opportunity to live independently. as for the younger sister, her face is very sad and scared. the results of this surgery were foretold by the doctors. only one of them could survive. she was constantly begging, please, don't do it. the sister beside her happily smiled and hypocritically, prayed for her sister, because she knew she would be the one who survived. stir fell in love. and the other sister felt that the man was a pervert. a normal person wouldn't fall in love with a two-headed girl. she felt very uncomfortable when her sister and the guy dating. one day, they performed the first surgery. then the older sister thought, if she could get him to pay for this surgery, she would be free. the next day, the people of the circus came to them, wanted the two of them. he persuaded the sister to return to the circus. but the rich guy, at this time, has revealed his nature, as long as you don't have the surgery, stay here to entertain me, you too will enjoy a rich life. the older sister, feeling that her dream had been broken, decided to return to the circus. the departure of the two sisters made the rich guy extremely angry and heartbroken. he came to find the two of them, wanting to use his feelings for the younger sister to convince them to come back. but the older sister refused and never wanted to see his face again. in the end, he just had to use his superpowers, use the money to buy the circus. this time, all the freaks in the circus have become his toys. the circus freaks create the new owner. but this new master is bossy and makes a lot of ridiculous requests. they have had enough. if they do nothing, they will always be a thing for entertainment for those high-class people. they also want to live their own life. the old owner also knew this, so she quickly sold the circus to the rich mother and her son. finally, the two sisters had the opportunity to do the surgery they were waiting for and say their last words. one of us can survive that surgery, not both. and i don't want you dead. i don't there's nothing we can't do. we just need to make up our minds together. the two of them said goodbye one last time. i want to give my life to you, sister. in the end, because she could not leave her younger sister, the older sister gave up the opportunity to have the surgery. the two of them would never be separated again 