hi. I know Melissa McCarthy gets a lot of flack. a lot of people don't like the jokes about her being fat. I don't think she's completely bad. I think she can be funny. it's just that a lot of the movies that she makes with her husband as director feel like ideas that they had after a bottle of wine at home. that's where they should have stayed. and this one's not really that different, right? it's a stream it like the other ones. but I'm not gonna lie that it had a, had a pretty good twist. let me explain. so when this one, her and her husband of two decades drop off their daughter at their old university. and as soon as they drop her off, as soon as they make the turn to go back home, doctor vows over here just straight-up divorces his wife. but they don't even make it out of the University before he does that. turns out he's been cheating on her with the other real estate agent from Modern Family. and so McCarthy decides that since her life has been ruined, why not just go ruin her daughter's life as well? girl applies to college to finish a degree, starts plowing this young dude right here. she's having a walk of shame alongside her daughter, their friends, Gillian Jacobs, who finally left a community college. and I also just realized that these two are dorming when they live 22 minutes away. anyways, like bridesmaids, there's a point in the movie where she ends up crashing her ex-husband's wedding, which means she ain't getting that money anymore to graduate, and thus to have to throw a party to raise funds. she has this like zombie roommate who's some cast member from SNL, who actually is related to Christina Aguilera. and so they are able to get her at the party to perform. she gets enough money so that she then is able to graduate college. but that's not even the twist. the big twist is that the dude that she's been plowing throughout this movie, this young man right here, plowing during parties, plowing in the library, plowing in front of the director, who, may I remind you, is her husband, just so happens to be this lady's kid. if you can think of a better way to get back at the woman who stole your man, let me know. because turning her into your stepmom is number one. by the way. she digs up a degree in archaeology, graduates with her daughter, and left me wondering, by the end of the movie, after all is said and done, is Christina Aguilera really as big today as she was before? like what? college students actually go see her? thank you guys for checking out this video. again, another short one for the Mother's Day weekend. movies that came out. again, while I did not love the movie, I always think that Maya Rudolph and Gillian Jacobs are the best that are out there. I thought the toys twas good. so I know some of you watch the movies. you can't really explain a comedy like repeat all the jokes. you have to actually go watch it. same with bloggers and stuff. but this one had a pretty good twist that I wanted to bring up. so, you know, if it, if it intrigues you, definitely go check it out. other than that, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe down below, and I'll send you a college degree. 