listen, we're in the era where every streaming service is eyeing at your wallet. they know you're not going anywhere right now. so I Amazon's looking to become a film festival age feels given out their lineup. but Netflix is out there making socks that Auto pauses your shows so you don't miss any product placement. and stranger things. and yet a new one has premiered called qui V, which is short for quick bytes. and it's all meant to be watched on your phone in 10 minutes or less. and while ads are supposed to answer the question of what it is, they just hire celebrities to say what it do. do you mean, do you know how long just a could be? kwibi. and in 10 minutes or less, I was kwibi, doubt. so thanks to the great courses for sponsoring this video, as i binge - everything this app had to offer opening day, and sadly, it came off as rich people. YouTube. let me explain. so kwibi is a streaming app that only works on your phone, founded by Meg Whitman, who did eBay, and Jeffrey Katzenberg er, who was a chairman at Disney during this time, only to follow it up with co-founding DreamWorks. that's how they were able to get big media companies to fund up to 2 billion dollars for this thing. and it's not dissimilar to what HBO did in the 1990s when they came along and said, we're not TV, we're HBO, and we would say, any we're not short-form. the service runs at $5 a month with that, which I just cannot promote at all, and then $8 with no ads. but they are offering the first 90 dollars for free. so even though I'm gonna judge it for its poor first-day rollout, hopefully they don't pull an Apple or Disney and they actually put a bunch more new consonant within these next three months. so one of the big things they noted was that one, Netflix is killing it with subscribers. only 10% watch on their phone. and it's an on-the-go use case. you know, every morning you leave your house with a little television in your pocket. and you have all these in-between mimics, like when you were waiting for me to show up. the really big feature that they've been touting is a stain called turn style, which get this allows you to go from horizontal mode to portrait. it's supposed to give you different perspectives for when you're watching something. and they've touted how revolutionary it's going to be for the storytellers. one angle can be cinematic, and the other can be an inside view of the characters, cell phone or less. I got none of that during the launch. pretty much all it did for me was it zooms in on the video that's already been shot. you know, some of the reality or new shows did re-edit the graphics for when it went vertical, something that snapchat already does. but you're actually missing a lot of what's going on if you're not horizontal. when you're watching one of the narratives, I would have characters just appear, since we never got the wide to establish that they were getting closer. so in my opinion, it's a little messy right now. on top of that, they said they created a playbook that they have in order to keep this turnstile fluid between filmmakers. that said the people who designed the playbook is the director of the Bourne Identity and the director of Twilight. so hopefully it doesn't come off feeling too repetitive, and they win their lawsuit. one of the big things I will give kwibi is that its rollout was shuttered due to unforeseen circumstances. so the mobile app that's meant to be viewed on the go, Carolee move. it's like Pokemon go indoors. they've switched from a lot of their live TV events, which are going to correspond with March Madness and a lot of the other sports, to a more social media leg approach. and that's the big thing here. this does feel like a streaming platform where they can charge you, but then they also want it to be another social media account that people or businesses are supposed to have. I hope you'll come back on and share that. wait to see what the CNBC version is. yeah, the problem here is that none of these other social media accounts charge you a monthly fee. again, it's pretty much snapchat with a big push that they're not repackaging what we see. except how are you not going to repackage the news like it's the news? are you gonna deliver it in a different so here's the thing. their constant is meant to be split into three parts. there's movies and chapters, which will be to our movies broken down into ten minute segments, which, again, it's probably just a show or how some of us have already seen movies. they will also have unscripted series and Docs and this thing called daily essentials, which what a work to use right now, but it really is just snapchat with news and random coverage, but yet to pay the $5 while you watch ads. Katzen burger has said that he expects, out of the 50 shows to premiere in the first two weeks, eight out of ten will go viral. in terms of movies, there is the ability to make a 2-hour feature now feel prolonged, and, you know, have it be a daily experience. but then I realize that that also means that they're cutting up a movie into twelve parts so that they can fill it up with ads. most dangerous game starts one of the Hemsworth's being hunted like the short story it's based on. but honestly, it feels like one of those dollar-store books come to life. if you've never heard the story and you want a version that teases you with every ending, then, sure survived. stars Corey Hawkins and sophie Turner as a woman with suicidal tendencies who ends up in a plane crash and now has to survive. it's like 13 reasons why meets that ages Elba movie nobody saw. so it wasn't for me. Nicki fresh is Nicole Richie trying to be a trap icon. so I got flipped instead, which stars Will Forte and Kaitlin Olson, and a goofy series about flipping houses that gets them involved with the drug cartel. when the street light goes on, is actually pretty decent. it's my favorite one out of all of the the movie shows. it takes place in a small town where a double homicide has occurred. and it's probably the only movie show I want to come back to and finish watching. but hopefully those in blue ballers, and it delivers in terms of show shows. Chrissy's core is like if you took a disease and formulated into short form content. I get you like Judge Judy, but I swore that if they fabricated a way to get John Legend to appear, just to somehow create a series of unfortunate events that would lead him to randomly belting out a song, so everyone can I'm pretty sure they're banking on this being one of the ones that goes viral. and my best bet is that it'll come from the people they're exploiting, not the talent on screen. Punk'd in singles out also came back, as, you know, reboots from old series that I thought were a little man-like. sure, the draw for Punk depends on who they are punking. but I remember how Hollywood gave up on parodies because the, you know, the time that by the time that they were released it, we had already moved on to the next thing. that's why parody strived on YouTube with the quick turn over. and I feel the same thing with pranks. how they even got Liza Koshi for one of the episodes, and she caught on quick cuz they make it so obvious. and she was raised by the Internet. [Laughter]. [Music], you just had to be that extra who improved, huh? they're also bringing back Reno 9-1-1, the ones that aren't focusing on just, hey, look, a big star, but actually focus on the tone and the content, you know, the audience. I think those will do the best. everything else, it's this weird, cringy mashup of things trying to go viral. dismantled is a Food Show that hasn't throwing food at contestants, and then they have to guess the dish. pretty much. it gets rid of all the stuff you like in cooking shows, because the 30 minutes has been condensed to six minutes, and they only want the viral bits. the sauce is another dance competition, but involves social media. Murder House flip is an HG TV show sprinkled with true crimes, so it has a better chance of reaching one of the two demographics. Will Arnett is hosting more shows and NIC cages, taking red box movies. and his new one is literally the stuff you see past midnight on vh1 that reminisce is a nostalgic. yeah, I'd rather go see 2 Chainz on YouTube instead. he covers more stuff in it's free. all this stuff feels like a gas station video. it's not to say that they don't have some good ones, right? I'm not a fan of how they promote. you ain't got these, but it is a cool shoe show. Prodigy, are little excerpts on young athletes. and music focuses on the people or technical aspects surrounding world touring artists like, you know, the guy who makes the lights, the guy who helps J Balvin breathe. and while the production is great, I love what they cover, I'm not gonna lie, I wish they were longer, cuz right now I can get this on snapchat again for free. that said, I then stumbled upon the JLo show, where rich celebrities give regular working folk money and then tell them to split it. you know, for content, what are the gods with these big focus is on essentials. pretty much uploading daily in order to fill out a catalog of old news. so I'm not really sure that you consider that content just like you don't consider steroids muscle. is it convenient to have it all in one place? you know, it's kind of like Twitter moments, but all video, all bite-sized? I'd say sure. but if you're gonna charge money, we kind of need to have a connection with the host. all they're really banking on is star power. and if you've heard me talk about the age of the internet, the age of tech talk, Hollywood has not realized that they are not better by default. I think that it's apparent here, especially when you notice that all of these shows, all these things that they're doing are things youtubers have already done, but for free. but this is kwibi and its quo, higher-quality with talents. seeing all the celebrity ads, which are very reminiscent of the Apple music ads from that launch, makes me believe that there are some lucrative deals. and I'm always for creators owning their own content, but I don't want them to let people in with celebrities, only to then lock in other rising talent into the platform. it's early, but this does have the potential for video creators, and it has the potential to be something great, if they don't drop the ball. obviously, it connected with Spielberg, who went at streaming only to then work exclusively for QB with the thing that can only be played after dark. Anton Fuka has a thriller with stuff on James coming out. Guillermo is working on stuff. Zac Efron is supposed to die. overall, they're planning on uploading three hours of new content each day, two new series each Monday. I have no idea what they're gonna be, whether they're gonna be good, when the rest of these will ever get confirmed dates on when they'll be released. but with all the money and star power, and with all the people going nowhere for the next couple of months, they need to go all-out if they want to stay here for years to come, or else they're gonna be gone. and equip your less. we've lived through the era of movies, and then we've been doing that for 110 years. we've had TV. five years from now, my dream come true is we come back here and we will watch kwibi x', which we watch on our cell phones. and we watch them in bite sizes on five to ten minutes on the on the go. and kwibi is too short form what Kleenex is to tissue, or Google is to search. that's the well, considering YouTube's free, I'm gonna stick to that. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm always curious to know your thoughts about this in this platform. which one stood out to you? but as seeing as quippy has had to change things because of all the advertising money they had, I'm really grateful for our response. or the great courses, definitely go check them out. if you benched everything that there is off of your family accounts this past month, then the great courses has 11,000 videos from experts, professionals in their field, giving you free courses on things such as cooking, for those who are still making instant ramen, travel for those at home, knitting for everyone who's devoured their quarantine snacks and needs new clothes. but I've personally been taking piano lessons with Miss Pamela pike. she doesn't rush me. there's no homework, no zoom meetings. and I like kwibi, you can actually stream the great courses from your phone and TV laptop. how can you handle switch? because if there's one thing we've learned during these times, it's that learning doesn't stop once you're out of school. we live in the age of the internet, when we have an entire world of knowledge at our fingertips, and instead we watch the goofiest stuff. so with great courses, you could finally learn a thing or two as you binge. they had you stuff every month. so if you're interested, they gave us a link at the great courses plus comm slash. let me explain. you can click it down below. and they're giving LME fans a free trial. so we really appreciate their sponsorship. you get some free courses. it helps the channel, and it keeps us all safe indoors. so that's it. I am curious to know your thoughts on kwibi. do you think it'll be here next to you? will end up a digital fossil? I'm curious on the offline viewing, because it is technically streaming to videos at the same time. and Whitman mentioned 5g a dozen time in our interviews, so they're clearly relying on that. it's also political year. you know, they do host news on the things. so, you know, you've talked about Tim Cook not allowing anything on Apple unless he would watch it. so I'm hoping that's not the case here, cuz I do think crabs do. Katzenberg has a better eye for storytelling, and it's the reason why I feel this may may be here for a while. because, you know, big bucks means big star, isn't. and he knows the binging model. like, he is really ahead on how this he was able to sell it for two billion dollars. you can't record bits, though, so I don't know how he expects things to go viral. all about them pretending YouTube didn't do a lot of this first. but, uh, a lot of these creators are making content because their kids are on their phones. it doesn't necessarily mean that these directors know how to direct the content that is on their kids phone. you know, a lot of it is tick-tock. so again, it's going to be interesting to see Hollywood try to adapt to the Internet age. than that, again, thanks to our sponsor. make sure you learn the skills when it's all over, people, finally enter your six foot barrier. but other than that, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. you might even get your own queasy show. 