hello movie fans, and welcome back to another full movie recap with movie reveals. in today's video, we're going to give you a full play-by-play summary on the sci-fi horror movie called the thing. with a thick, thick air of intense paranoia and jaw-dropping monster effects work, the thing stands as one of the greatest films of both the horror and science fiction genres. warning, this is a spoiler alert, but at least you will get to know what the movie is about, and whether you want to watch it or not, hope you enjoy. in the opening shot, an alien spaceship flies through space and enters earth's atmosphere near antarctica. whether or not the ship crashes or lands on earth is unknown. in antarctica, during the winter of 1982, a helicopter flies hurriedly after a husky. the man riding next to the pilot shoots a rifle and drops grenades, hoping to kill the dog. the dog runs toward an american research base, outpost 31, where a 12-man research crew is getting ready for the upcoming winter. the helicopter, which they see is from a norwegian research base, flies in and lands the americans watch puzzled as two men emerge from the helicopter, jabbering frantically in their native language. one of them pulls the pin on a grenade, but clumsily throws it behind him, as the pilot frantically tries to find it in the snow, it explodes, killing him and taking a helicopter with it. the other man continues shooting his rifle hysterically and talking frantically. no one can understand what he is saying, and the man shoots bennings in his left leg. the camp leader, gary, shoots and kills the gibbering man in defense, puzzled about why the norwegians were trying to kill the dog, mack, the team's helicopter pilot and their doctor, copper, go to investigate the norwegian base. the whole base has been gutted by fire and explosions, as there are holes in several of the walls in the interior of the complex. there is also a fire axe stuck into one of the walls. everyone is dead. one of them had barricaded himself in the radio room and is still sitting frozen in his chair, his wrists and throats slit in an apparent suicide. mac and copper explore further, finding a large and empty block of ice outside in the snow, along with one or two burned human bodies. mack and copper find the burnt and frozen corpse of a twisted creature, not man, but not beast either. they break it back to their own base for examination. an autopsy performed by biologists blair, reveals nothing more than a normal set of internal organs, despite deformed distorted exterior. that night, the new stray husky is locked in a kennel with the team's sled dogs. the other dogs soon react with fear is the new addition. growling and snarling, the new dog suddenly transforms into a hideous creature with tentacles and crowds legs, and starts attacking the other dogs. the incident is discovered by dog handler clark, who watches horrified. mac hears the sounds of the things unworldly grown and the cries of the other dogs, and he immediately responds by sounding the fire alarm, waking up the entire camp, who converge on the kennel where they see the hideous dog-like creature seemingly consuming the other sled dogs, part of the creature separates from the rest and pulls itself up through the ceiling. after shooting at the beast with their guns, the thing is burned the flamethrower. an autopsy done by blair on the things remains reveals its secret. the thing is an alien organism that imitates other life forms by attacking and either digesting or dissolving them, and reshaping its image to appear in the animal or person it kills. the team also watches a videotape of the norwegian team working at a remote location, forming a circle around an object in the ice and using thermite charges to uncover it. the following day, mack flies with palmer and norris to the site where the norwegians were working. they find an alien spaceship in the open crater. and repelled down to look around, mack asks nora's how long the ship has been entombed. norris estimates that it's been there for at least 100 000 years. up above the crash site, they find a block of the ice cap missing where the thing was discovered and removed by the norwegians back at outpost 31. mack theorizes that the norwegians awaken the creature after thawing its ice block, and it immediately began to attack them. that evening, blair studies cells from the thing and watches them attack and replicate other kinds of cells on his computer. typing his report into his computer, the computer replies that the possibility that one or more team members may be infected by the alien organism is seven to five percent, and that if the alien reached civilization, the earth's population will be infected and taken over by the alien organism 27 000 hours, around 37 months, just over three years after first contact. the team decides to place the creature's remains in a storage room. the assistant biologist, futz, asks to speak privately with mac. he tells mac that he's been looking through blair's notes and found that blair believes the organism's cells are still alive and active in the burned remains of both creatures. blair has also theorized that the alien might have imitated a thousand other life forms across space. while windows and bennings prepare the room to store the remains recovered from the norwegian base, it begins to move under the blanket. it's been covered with windows. returns to the room to find bennings being attacked, wrapped in tentacles. windows gets the other team members, but bennings has escaped from the storage room window. they find him in the snow, his transformation by the alien nearly complete, except for his hands, which are hideously large and grotesque shapes. mack and the team incinerate him alive and then burn the remains of the two other creatures along with him. realizing that something like this could take over the world if it got out, blair seemingly loses his mind, killing the surviving sled dogs and destroying the helicopter and the communications equipment injuring windows in the process, trapping the crew without hope of rescue. the others, seeing him as a threat, subdue him walking in the camps to shed and sedate him. the next morning, fear and paranoia circulates around the camp as nobody knows who may be the thing or who isn't. that copper suggests that he develop a blood serum test to see who might be infected. copper finds that the blood bags in the lab have been slashed open, making their contents useless. copper believes that someone deliberately destroyed the blood to prevent the test from happening. gary and copper become suspects because of their access to the blood storage, while clark is regarded with suspicion because of his proximity to the imitation dog. all three are quarantined by mack, who takes over as the de facto leader of the team to find out who may be the thing. when a whiteout storm, an antarctic storm resembling a winter hurricane, hits the camp, and the outside temperature drops severely, they are forced to anchor down, all of them continuing to be paranoid and distrustful of one another. mack talks to future, who only has a few weak theories from blair's notes. futz recommends that everyone prepares their own meals and eat only out of cans. the following evening, fudge, trying to do research on how the thing can reproduce and multiply, his way laid when one of the unseen infected persons disables the power to the lab. and going after it, fetch is killed off camera, and his charred body is found outside in the snow a few hours later by mac nalls and windows either the thing burned futch to death, or futch burned himself in suicide to prevent him from being taken over. mack tells windows to return to the main building while he goes with nals to his shack to investigate. when he left two days before, he turned out the lights, and they're back on sometime later. nulls returns to the camp, nearly collapsing because of the cold. he tells the others he found ragged and dirty clothing with max name on it in the oil furnace inside max shack. as they were struggling back to the main compound, nulls cut max safety line and made a break for it. mack is locked outside, and breaks the window in a storeroom to enter. he arms himself with a small bundle of dynamite and threatens to blow himself and the rest of them up if they don't back away. when childs and the others rebel against mack and to express their suspicion that he may be the thing, norris collapses when he appears to have heart attack. when doctor copper tries to revive him using defibrillator, paddles nora's chest, suddenly opens up into a monstrous mouth and fights off copper's arms. mac uses a flame floor to destroy the norris thing, leaving only its head, which detashes, sprouts spider-like legs and tries to crawl away before it is destroyed as well. at this point, mack leads the others in a test to determine who is infected. he suggests that everyone give a blood sample, and then those blood samples be poked with a hot piece of wire. the theory is that each part of the thing will try to survive independently, and therefore the blood would transform to defend itself. clark makes an attempt on max life with a scalpel. he is shot and killed by mack. everyone is tied up, including the dead clark and copper. while the test is performed, windows is the first to be tested, and turns out to be human. back arms him with another flamethrower to torch anyone who might be a thing. as matt continues the test, testing the dead bodies of clark and copper, whom are not infected, he openly accuses gary being a duplicate, but instead finds that palmer is a thin clone. as palmer transforms max flame for her misfires and windows hesitates to kill the palmer thing. the palmer thing's entire head splits open and turns into a giant mouth biting window's head. mack manages to get his flamethrower working and sets the palmer thing on fire, which crashes through the wall to die in the snow, which mack then blows up with a stick of dynamite. mac is then forced to torch windows with the other flame thrower, since he is now infected and the thing is assimilating his body. mack and the three remaining survivors, childs gary and alls, are revealed to be not infected. while ordering childs to stay behind to watch the camp, mack gary and nalls go to check on blair to give him the blood test, and discover the shed empty. blair had escaped through the floor and was secretly building a small spacecraft in the tunnels under the camp. they are confused when they see childs running off into the storm. but at that moment, the compound's power suddenly turns off. it is then they realize that blair is the last thing creature, and that it wants to freeze into hibernation until the rescue team finds it, since it has no way out. finally realizing how pervasive the infection is and that there is little chance for survival, it is proposed that they blow up the base to prevent the thing from freezing again. mac nalls and gary begin setting fire to the complex with molotov cocktails, in venturing down into the basement of the camp to set tnt charges. gary is killed by the infected blair knolls, disappears and is never seen again. bat comes face to face with the huge tentacle. blair slash thing, which destroys his detonator. in a last-ditch effort, mack throws a lighted stick of dynamite at it. both the thing and the rest of the compound explode, but mack survives. he stumbles to his ruined shack to find childs there, who claims he had seen blair and had gotten lost in the storm running after him. neither of them know whether the other is the thing, and they both sit ready, opposite and facing each other, ready to kill the other at the first sign. mack is definitely not the thing, but there is a strong possibility that childs might have been taken over when he wandered off earlier. it takes swigs from a bottle of whiskey as the camera shows a wide shot of the camp in flames. both men, exhausted and wary of each other, sit among the burning wreckage, waiting for the fires to go out in the winter, whether to consume them. on that dark note, along with a long, drawn-out laugh from mac, the thing comes to a close, the end. hope you enjoyed watching this movie recap. make sure to comment below, and don't forget to hit the like button. it might not seem like much, but it really helps us out with the algorithm and allows more people to find our videos. thanks for watching, and see you again soon. 