[Music], hi everyone. today we introduce a girl who was put into the sea. don't dare to eat her. it turns out that she has the movie shark empire with shark blood. it is said that in the future world, most of the earth has been submerged by seawater. the only remaining humans can only live on small islands. among them, as a group of pirates, they control most of the sea. people who are within their control must hand in food to them on time. if they don't hand in food, they will control the sharks in the sea to eat them. on this day, this group of pirates came to one of their colonies. people here have no water to drink all year round. they can only exchange fish and other tributes and pirates for drinking water at a time. but this time, their food did not reach the amount required by the pirates, so the pirates only gave a small amount of drinking water. the elder of the bi clan, lao hay, said that this amount of drinking water cannot meet the needs of the people here. if you don't have water to drink, you don't have the energy to hunt. after listening to my brother, he said that since the water is not enough. it is better to reduce the population a little. so they took away some girls from here, then warn them, if they can't get enough food tomorrow, then these girls will never be seen again. the people on the island are very dissatisfied with the behavior of changpa. lee wanted to fight against changpa, but the pirates have a set of shark control. faj used a mechanical glove to control all the sharks in the sea in an instant. after the shark in the sea heard the order. i just ate the man on the island who wanted to resist the actor, shauche of the door, can only hide in changari, although he is also very unwilling. but he knows that he must be a dead end now. so after waiting for these pirates to leave, chowshay secretly drove the submarine to track the pirates. along with him. as a girl with curly hair on the island, the two drove the submarine and followed the pirates to the pirates base. they want to take advantage of the pirates not paying attention, and then rescue the girls. but as soon as he went ashore, a few pirates surrounded him in an instant. shao discovered that the pirates base had tight security. it's impossible to save everyone by yourself. so he decided to leave here first and make a long-term plan. but when he was about to leave, the pirates directly released the sharks in the sea, trying to solve chauchet. but fortunately, chaoshay quickly returned to the submarine. then their boat was surrounded by pirates. these sharks are under the control of pirates, began to hit the submarine violently, because their submarine is fairly solid. so the two of them drove the submarine safely and left here. after shuy and the others left, the pirates used the girls as slaves. the door allows the girl to push his huge machine and then create drinking water resources. in the current world, who owns drinking water resources? it is equivalent to having a huge wealth. but a disobedient person, they will throw him into the sea to feed the sharks. on this day, when brother chunka pushed an old man into the sea, but found that these sharks were suddenly out of control. he repeated it countless times, but the sharks in the sea just didn't listen to him. after seeing the next to him, uncle bye mao immediately said that he would change to another girl. this girl is our heroine blonde sister. after they put the blonde girl into the sea, these sharks are still swimming under her, and they dare not eat her at all. uncle mao has controlled the sharks for so many years and has never seen such a phenomenon. f is that after he pulled the girl up, he asked for a long time, and didn't ask why. on the other side, after shaushe left the pirate base. i started thinking about how to rescue their hostages. now, they are far less powerful than these pirates. so he came to another small island nearby. on a small island, there are many super capable people. there are also many people who hate pirates. here, xiaosha found three top helpers. they are diving master xiaomei, blasting expert xiaohei and sonar expert, uncle who, after they learned of the great wealth in the hands of the pirates, ready to kill these pirates together. then they occupied their resources, and they hit it off. god. they robbed a pirate's automatic drinking water equipment. i want to use this equipment to replace the hostages in the hands of the pirates first. but after receiving the message, chunka said, if you don't return the equipment, just kill the hostages. xiaoshe was frightened by the other party's tone and wanted to return the equipment, but brother xiaohe arbitrarily changed the returned equipment to explosives. when the pirate ship arrived at their base, it was attacked by explosives. this time, shaushe and the pirates hatred was completely formed. the pirates began to threaten to wipe out the people on the island. and shaushay wants to save the situation, after knowing that he has caused a big disaster. so immediately took a few people to prepare to fight the pirates. they drove a small boat to the vicinity of the pirate base. as a result, they were attacked by pirates as soon as they got here, but the shells did not hit the boat. many times. then the pirates released the sharks in the sea. under the control of the pirates, little black brother was taken into the sea by a shark and sacrificed his life. haven't waited for the shaoxing team to approach the shore. their ship was sunk by a shark strapped to explosives. all of them fell into the sea at once. some team members still fell into the mouth of the shark. shaushui's team is simply vulnerable to the pirates. others had to swim to the shore. and now the sharks are all around them. [Music]. then uncle white started to control the sharks and wanted to kill them. at this critical moment, the blonde girl began to try to control these sharks with her mind. what i didn't expect was that these sharks could listen to her commands. under her control, she let the sharks directly kill a lot of pirates. uncle bye, mao, can't control the shark. i don't want two people in the world who can control sharks. so she threw the blonde girl directly into the sea. at the moment when the blonde girl is about to sink to the bottom of the sea, shao arrived in time from the sea. he rescued the blonde girl. but as soon as they went ashore, they met chunk a brother again. brother changpa, of course, didn't want to let him go. the two sides fought immediately, during the fight between the two sides, the blonde girl once again controlled the shark. a shark directly plunged longfa into the sea after killing brother changfa. the two of them are going to rescue all the hostages here, but a group of pirates came here on the road. then shaushay and blondie all fell into the water, one after another. as soon as the uncle saw the situation, he began to perform the knife himself, wanting the shark to kill the two directly. under the call of uncle white hair, the shark began to swim towards the blonde girl. however, these sharks stopped immediately when they were near the blonde girl. then he turned around and rushed towards uncle bymau. a group of sharks immediately fell down on uncle white on the shore. in the end, uncle white also died in the mouth of the shark. until the end, uncle bye mao didn't know why the shark didn't listen to him. and the hostages were completely rescued. since then, the people on the island are no longer afraid of running out of water. back on the island, the owner told the blonde girl in fact, the blonde girl's father was able to control sharks back then. have shark blood in the blonde girl's body. wong haley belongs to the royal family of sharks, so sharks dare not eat her at all. his father also left her a shark control gear to slap the sea. with this equipment, all sharks will obey her call. the movie is over here. this movie tells us, don't underestimate anyone. maybe he has the blood of a shark. okay, that's all for today's movie. see you next time. 