The Walking Dead, Season 9 has thrown some pretty big moments our audiences. there's been a six-year time jump, the departure of a major character and the introduction of a new set of villains. the season has just dropped its midseason finale, and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything you need to know from episode 8, evolution. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers, so if you haven't seen the episode yet, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. last week we saw Daryl decide to return to what's left of civilization and agreed to look after Carol son Henry. at the end of the episode, Daryl was asked to help look for Eugene, who had been separated from Rosita after they were set on by heard of Walker's that exhibited unusual behavior. this new chatty bunch of walkers becomes the main focus of this week's episode, and we learn a lot more about how they are able to communicate and what's actually going on with their golem impression. first, Carol and Daryl become Legolas and Aragorn, and now the walkers are talking, like like junior are talking, talking, though works a bit better when I don't have to explain it. anyway, Daryl and Co eventually find Eugene, who seems hysterical and paranoid that the walkers are after him specifically. this story is corroborated by Rosita, who wakes up alive and well after being treated by the survivors. and this episode finally confirms that we are indeed dealing with the whisperers once and for all. for those who don't know, the whisperers are your worst nightmare and make negan look like Gabriel. they are a culmination of the scavengers and the wolves. and where the Dead face is over their own in order to camouflage amongst them perfectly. eagle-eyed viewers will remember Morgan mentioning in season 3 that had seen people wearing the Dead's faces. and this was the first tease of them that has finally come to fruition. in this episode, the whisperers communicate by whispering to one another, and this avoids the dead that surround them noticing their presence. it's the perfect disguise that allows them to hide in plain sight and travel the land with a caravan of the undead behind them. basically, they're complete Psychopaths, difficult to reason with, and also stink, probably. and imagine we're in your Auntie Sandra's face, in your head all day, is gonna make you smell like urine. and were this original. and hey, that's enough to make anyone grumpy. in the midseason finale, Aaron, Jesus and Eugene, fittingly, become trapped in the cemetery and have to battle their way out. the majority of the group make it, except for Jesus, who stays behind defend the walkers off. when one Dodge is a strike and stabs him back during the words, you are not way. you are not where you've stuck on due to us. you are not where you belong. we know that the whisperers are here in full force. this is taken from the Walking Dead, issue 134. when Jesus here's one of the whisperers speak, and then questions what they are. that's when one of them says back, we are the whisperers, and you are not where you belong. that was pretty good. however, in the pooka cheese has manages to kill them, whereas the television counterpart is not so lucky. it's safe to say, Jesus, like his name, will rise again, but this time you probably be out for blood and not the second coming of Christ. we leave our group surrounded by the herd with very little hope of getting out. but hopefully the character's death will leave Mackey to return to hilltop once more. but we'll just have to see. looking at the trailers for next season, it appears that the group escaped the cemetery, and with the prisoner elsewhere, Gabriel forgets a lot, negan cell and the latter character escapes. this entire event is kind of overshadowed by the sheer zombie horror on screen, though I imagine that the Belen quickly returns when he sees the new threat that has emerged. so what are your thoughts on the mid-season finale of season 9? are you enjoying the new features of The Walking Dead, and what you hope to see when the show returns? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of last week's episode, Stradivarius, which will be linked at the end of this one. this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 