before we begin, let me start by saying, I have been a bitter soul for years, where all my fault ghosts trying to come save my soul. that is, because I'm Paul reading it the stars of our movie today. ah, one of the inspirations for this channel, that guy who always has to play some badness, that guy from Mamma Mia. god, I love me some ABBA Smee janae. and I didn't even know he was in this movie. blade, I'm Stewart begins with this dead bit named Jacob Marley. maybe he overdosed on prunes or something. hell if I know. but he's dead on Christmas Eve. that's the point. but we're really here to talk about the dead bits business partner. everybody's a Scrooge. he's a greedy old mofo. case in point, he has to pay to bury his dead bit buddy. but after he does, he sees coins are supposed to keep his dead bit, but his eyes closed, and just takes him. so he basically didn't pay anything. you follow me, greedy old mofo. so seven years later, see, I was right there. Scrooge's every bit as greedy old and mofo as ever. his Paulding loosest and trying to wall his hands on a damn cannon. he's just sitting over there hogging all the coal. and mr. Scrooge gets quite a few visitors that night. the first from his nephew, who's like, why you gotta be such a cranky turd? Christmas is the only time when people actually think about other people, are not hateful and vile. you act like this was Black Friday. we got all our gifts for 70% off. now it's time to be civil. but scoops don't want to go to Christmas dinner with his nephew because, look at him. does it look like he eats? been screwed to get another visit from this chubby who's like, yes, we have the ridiculously rich feel bad that we have way too much to eat all year, and so we figured, hey, maybe give the skinny homeless just some grub for once. so we're accepting donations. how much you wanna give? and screwed is like, bit. I'm so greedy that I don't even feed myself. and temp is like, but many people might die if we don't throw them a literal bone. we'll get busy working or get busy dying with the spirits on the other side of like, alrighty, yes. now you just be insulted for salt. safe. so they start hauling his mildewed behind. it starts with his own dead bit buddy showing up, and he's like, Scrooge, if you don't change your ways, you're gonna die and walk the earth like me for all eternity with long, heavy chains wrapped around your chestnuts. summer, send your three ghosts to show you why y'all not be a No More. Rao, one ghost of Christmas past. this low weirdo takes Scrooge to all the wonderful places of his former Christmases, like his old school, where he was left for years with nobody to celebrate Christmas with, until his sister came to get in one year. and she grew up and died and had one son, which is the same Sun that invited Scrooge to dinner, and Scrooge told him to shove it up his stocking. ah, memories. oh, and don't forget about your first Christmas party where you fell in love with Forrest Gump's woman, only to get old and greedy and have a dump. you sorry, ah, memories. so after that, screwed is fed up, and he's like big dog holiday thought. then he goes on a little rocket ride and wakes up just in time for round two, ghost of Christmas present. and this freak keeps laughing about something. and this trip is loads of fun. now, Scrooge gets to see his employee, Bob, as poor as dirt, because, oh yes, won't cough up some dough to help a bit out. and he finds out that Bob's son, Tiny Tim, is probably gonna if we don't get some better living conditions. and then Bob toast to mr. Scrooge, and Scrooge feels like an even bigger then they go and CES is nephews party with some people, make fun of him for being an act, and the spirit just look at him like burn and then they toast the Scrooge to and make him feel like an even bigger bird. but now today is over, so time for the spirit to start Crypt Keeper frontin, just in time for round three, ghost of Christmas yet to come, because ghost of Christmas future just sounds wrong. this trip is lots of fun. - Scrooge finds out to China, Jim dies, and Bob is all stuck by it. and then he also finds out that he dies, which we all do eventually, so whatever. but nobody really cares, because root wasn't his whole life. that's the sad, scary part, I think. but he s wakes up in his Christmas day and he's like, I'm alive. first time I changed my depends. and now I'm gonna go do some good. he buys a turkey for Bob's family. he donates a bunch of money to the poor skinny [ __ ]. and he goes to his nephews dinner, and his like, sorry. how was a linden neck snake is Baba raisin becomes like a second father to Tiny Tim and quit bawling. it a desi is ridiculous. this would never happen. you know what it is? we sure like share. subscribe for regular fix of meth. you expect me to upload more videos whenever I get my fall damn spirits to come to save my soul. until then, I still probably upload full movies. explain fall. I'm James Evan. these are dials. they're gold. listen to Andre couch le sing. god bless us everyone. so I ain't the only monks in here crying humbug. 