Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2021 American military science fiction action film called 'The Tomorrow War'. The film is directed by Chris McKay and starring Chris Pratt. It follows a group of current day troops and citizens who are transported into the future to combat an extraterrestrial army. Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Dan Forester, a biology teacher and former Green Beret, is unable to secure a position at a prominent research facility in December 2022. During the World Cup broadcast, warriors from the year 2051 appear to warn that mankind is on the verge of extinction due to a conflict with alien invaders known as 'Whitespikes.' The Whitespikes will arrive in November 2048 and destroy the vast bulk of mankind within three years. As a result, the world's military are transported into the future through a wormhole technology known as the 'Jumplink,' but only around 20% survive their seven-day deployment, forcing a worldwide draught. Dan receives notification that he has been selected, and when he tells his wife, she advises him to flee and persuades him to contact his estranged father, a mechanical engineer, for assistance in removing the draught band connected to his arm. Dan's father abandoned him and his mother when he returned from Vietnam because he believed it was too unsafe to stay with them, but Dan refuses his assistance and labels him a coward before leaving. Dan reports to basic training with the other draftees, where they are briefed about the Whitespikes by future warriors. Dan and fellow draftee Charlie determine that, in order to avoid a contradiction, those conscripted have already perished before the war begins, but those who have arrived from the future have not yet been born. The draftees are sent ahead in time to a battlefield on Miami Beach, but few survive after being dropped high over the city by mistake. Colonel Forester, Romeo Commander, directs the draftees to save adjacent lab employees before the area is sterilised. They realise that the lab staff have already died, but they are able to salvage their research. When Dan informs leadership about the situation, he is informed that no assistance would be dispatched to rescue the stranded men. Except for Charlie, Dan, and Dorian, a battle-hardened soldier on his third mission to the future, nearly everyone dies. The survivors awaken at a Dominican Republic military base. Dan reports to Colonel Forester, who happens to be his grown daughter Muri. She asks him to accompany her on a mission to catch a female Whitespike, which are more uncommon than males. They capture and imprison the female only to have hundreds of men descend on their location. As the helicopter carrying the female takes off, Dan and Muri flee to a beach and call for help. Muri discloses to Dan that after losing his work, he abandons his family and dies in a vehicle accident in 2030. Dan, Muri, and the female Whitespike are brought to a guarded oil rig near Port Nelson, which houses the Jumplink. Muri develops a poison capable of killing Whitespikes. To liberate the female, the Whitespikes attack and overrun the facility, and Muri sacrifices herself to send Dan back in time. Despite the fact that he returns to 2023 with the poison, the Jumplink is destroyed. The destruction of the Jumplink is interpreted by the rest of the globe as a sign that the future battle has been lost. While Dan and his wife, Emmy, are brainstorming, she deduces that the Whitespikes did not come in 2048, but much earlier. Dan talks with Charlie and Martin, a high school student interested in volcanoes, and they hypothesise that the Whitespikes have been on Earth since at least the 'Millennium Eruption' in 946, and that global warming has forced them to thaw up and emerge from beneath the ice caps. Dan organises a trip to Russia with Charlie, Dorian, a few surviving future soldiers, and his estranged father James to take things into their own hands when the United States Defense Secretary rejects to utilise military resources to verify the hypothesis. The team discovers a wrecked extraterrestrial ship in Komsomolets Island's Academy of Sciences Glacier. They consider informing the rest of the world about the situation, but ultimately opt to eliminate the threat themselves. Once inside, they learn that the Whitespikes are not aliens, but rather bio-engineered creatures that may have been employed as a planet-clearing weapon or livestock by another alien civilization. The crew injects the poison into five hibernating Whitespikes, which kills the injected ones but awakens the rest of the colony, killing the majority of the squad. Dorian, who is dying of cancer and wants to die on his own terms, remains behind to blow up the ship with C-4, killing all but one of the Whitespikes. Dan and his father track down and murder the lone female fugitive, leaving them and Charlie as the team's only survivors. Dan brings James home to meet his wife and children, content that the conflict has been avoided and mankind has been preserved, resolved not to repeat the same mistakes that Muri had warned him about from her future. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 