[Music] saw 2004 film. stories sum up. the story starts with adam, who finds himself in bathtub after coming into sense. he has got upset finding himself here. and he gets up immediately. as a result, a bathtub stopper is removed, and the water with blue liquid is also drained. further, it will be told. what is that liquid? as the light is switched on, he comes to know that dr lawrence was also with him. and both are chained in our old and filthy washroom. and there is dead body full of blood before them. it had a revolver in one hand, while other hand has tap recorder. both cannot remember how did they arrive here. afterward, both find cassette, bullet and a key, through which they try to open the lock of their chain, but fail. this key is of another lock. adam, with the help of dr lawrence, picks the tap near the dead body, and both hear the cassette of each other, which has recorded voice of distorted person, who tells adam, he has spoiled the lives of many people recording secretly. and today the opportunity is given to mend himself. either he may die due to the starvation or escape courageously. same voice also tells to lawrence that he never knew the value of his life. he has been conveying messages of death to his patients for the last many years. and how will it be when he himself be in such death condition? if he wants to see a live of his daughter and wife, he will have to kill adam before the time six o'clock. to accomplish this task, room has hidden clues which he will find. dr lawrence plays a cassette again for understanding of clue, where he hears, follow your heart. that is the second clue. according to this clue, he notices a sign of heart on the toilet tank. adam finds two hacksaws and some photos which were captured by dr lawrence. and he does not tell about these photographs to doctor. both try to cut their chains, but in vain, adam throws this saw furiously, which breaks the sore and glass of a near wall. dr lawrence also struggles to cut the chain, but cannot. they get understanding that this saw is not to cut the chain, but their feet. it is the trial for them as they may sacrifice of their feet. facing such circumstances, they remember that their captor is number jigsaw, who tried to entrap them in a murder few months ago. now we see the movie flashback. dr lawrence tells the jigsaw victimizes those who devalue their lives, who play with the life of others. according to them, jigsaw is not killer. he does not kill his victim himself. rather, he tortures his victim physically and psychologically through a game. if victim survives, he may know the importance of life. david tapp was investigating jigsaw killer, and on the murder of mark, he has got a pen containing dr lawrence's fingerprints. doctor is suspected by him. so doctor is interrogated. detectives ask from doctor about his presence at the murder of mark. at that time, he goes to meet his internee. he wanted to hide it because of his affair with that lady. and he did not want to reveal it before his wife. he has to tell it to avoid aristeong, jigsaw's another victim, amanda, is called so that she may recognize the kidnapper, jigsaw, who is perhaps disguising himself as a doctor. but amanda refuses to recognize him because he had never seen jigsaw's real face. amanda drugs heroine, but cannot get rid from it, even after a great struggle. so jigsaw also victimizes her. she is only the first lady who wins the trial of jigsaw, facing death too near. she thinks that jigsaw has helped mending her life. she gets rid the addiction of drugs. so soft corner is made for jigsaw. the story of movie again moves to adam and doctor, where they understand and think someone is looking at them behind the wall glass. after a time conversing, dr lawrence takes out his family photo from his wallet and shows to adam. adam finds the captive family photo. he keeps it in a hidden way to avoid grief. otherwise, behind the photo, adam also finds a hint, through which he finds clue, hex. through xmark, they search a little red box containing a cigarette, lighter, phone and a note for doctor, which he considers as laying dead body's blood piercedness, mixing cigarette with blood and giving it to adam. he can murder adam if he wants, but he does not do as such. and he asks adam to dramatize death, death-taking cigarette. but jigsy comes to know it, and their plan is flopped. doctor receives a call on the same phone, and he knows about his captive family. he has little time to accomplish his task, which is the murder of adam. otherwise, he also knows through call, that adam is already aware about doctor showing photographs to dr adam informs detective tap had paid him to keep an eye on you. observing others and taking their photos secretly is his profession. noticing a photo carefully. doctor observes his hospital employee in their hospital window. doctor is assured that he is jigsaw, who has kidnapped his daughter and wife, and the master mind of whole operation, keeping an eye over them through the camera in their house. and clock had struck six o'clock before doctor realizes it. according to rule, doctor had not still killed adam.sosepp in forms through a call that his family will not survive, and it is all his mistake. hearing the sound of gun through call, doctor has gone mad. he has no other way now. so he has to cut his feet with saw to reach the revolver. he shoots adam using revolver at the same time, zepp tries to kill the family with saw, but detective tap saves them. escapes trickly, but detective arrives there, pursing him, where doctor and adam are captive. detective tap tries to arrest sep, but himself is killed while fighting. doctor had not killed adam on the assigned time. so, saying it is the rule, sep is nearly to shoot doctor, recovering from the wound of gunshot, adam attacks sepp and kills him with the toilet tank lid. both are injured. now, doctor decides to take help and crawls out for it, leaving adam. adam tries to search the key of chain from zepp's courts. and he also finds a tape from his pocket. seeing it, he is astonished. hearing the tape, he knows that zepp was also the game, victim of jigsaw. jigsaw had planned his body to get the antidote of it. he was asked to kill the doctor's family. as the tape ends, the laying dead body in room gets up facing him. adam loses his senses. this corpse of none but of jigsaw, whose real name is john kramer. he was monitoring the whole operation prending him as a corpse. movie flashback reveals that jigsaw is the same cancer patient who was under the the treatment of dr lawrence. he tells in his feeble voice that the key to his chain was always in this bathtub. then adam realizes, but the beggining, the blue thing which drained, was the key of his freedom. adam was about to shoot jigsaw with zepp's gun. he weakens him with electric shock. jigsaw leaves him for death in that room, before adam may act anymore. in this way, film ends. thanks for watching. 