[Music]. June 21st, 2019 will see the release of a brand-new child's play film that reboots the majority of the Chucky universe, as well as adding a new take on the character. with news emerging weekly on the film, I thought I'd piece together everything that we know so far about the film. there may be some spoilers here, so if you want to go into the film with fresh eyes, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. for everyone else, welcome to the channel I'm definition. and this is everything we know about the childsplay reboot. the official plot synopsis for the film is as follows, the story follows a mother named Karen who gives us an Andy, a toy doll for his birthday, unaware of its sinister nature. this, of course, is very similar to the original movie, even doubted the character names, which are exactly the same. this screenplay was fast-tracked by MGM, and whilst there were several rumors circulating about the film, the majority of these have turned out to be unfounded. one of the most circulated rumors is that Chucky would be given a new name. however, as of November 16th, 2018, MGM confirmed that the doll's name would indeed remain the same. just opposing this, though, branding for the doll would take a different route, with the figure being promoted as buddy in the majority of its viral marketing. in November 2018, at the official website for the doll was released, which indeed contained the name buddy on all of the packaging. in August 2000, 18 bloody digests released an article stating that the Chucky doll would in fact be a robot, and Andy would have a group of friends that face off against it, similar to stranger things. more information later surfaced, which stated that the buddy doll was indeed artificial intelligence, and after a defective design of the robots programming turned it into a killer. this was apparently caused by a factory worker that deliberately made the doll malfunction before killing himself. and of course, does away with one of the most famous aspects of the original Chucky, which is the Voodoo spiritual transforms us a real killer. in other marketing, we see that buddy's features are listed as state of the art design, Wi-Fi compatibility and voice recognition. basically, it sounds like an Alexa with legs. I just hope they can kill it by turning off the Ruhr. the doll learns from sensory interaction with its environment and through cameras in its eyes. these eyes allow for night vision, x-ray and a connection to other body dolls that gives it a full view of their eye line, should one be in the room. the doll is also able to learn other languages, and due to its voice recognition software, I believe that I will be able to mimic people, and thus pretend to be andis mother, or someone else. obviously, an AI killer robot is far more relevant in today's society with the advancement of technology. so this makes a lot of sense. MGM has neither confirmed or denied this, and as their synopsis is very vague, it's difficult to fully verify it. however, with all of the official marketing materials confirming at least an internet connection is necessary for the doll, it seems very likely. in opposition to this, there's currently a TV show on production by Universal that will not be tied at the film's release, and stands as its own entity. the reason that MGM are able to do this is because they made the first child's play film. so they own the rights to that. whereas Universal made the sequels, this will cause conflict, as MGM will not be able to cover any events from the sequels, such as the Bride of Chucky. however, the universal will be able to recover events from the original movie, as those were recapped in the sequel films. this, of course, is why the characters are the same in the remake. however, to me, it would make a lot more sense to wildly change and go in a new direction. so what are your thoughts on the Chucky remake? I know a vast amount of people dislike the fact that it was going to become a robot. but have you changed your mind after hearing the in-depth news on it? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this week's big horror movie, the possession of Hannah grace. this is a channel for people who are heavy into horror. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 