hey everybody. welcome to screen crush. I'm Ryan arey. Game of Thrones, season 8 is just around the corner, and to help you prepare, we have a recap of everything you'll need to know before the series wraps up. and I gotta warn you, big spoilers are ahead for just about everything that's happened in Game of Thrones. now a lot has happened in this show, so we're gonna have to cut out a lot of stuff, like this guy and this guy and this lady. why? because they're dead and they don't matter. Nina. who else is dead? the little dog from Frasier, and so is this dog in this cat. all these animals are dead. now does that seem brutal? well, it's Game of Thrones. it only gets worse the lemon juice and there are gods. so Game of Thrones mostly takes place on an island called Westeros. thousands of years ago, the island was filled with magical beings called the children of the forest. but then humans showed up and started a Fern Gully all over the place, chopping down the children's magic trees like Captain Planet villains. so the children cast a spell on a guy, turning him into a super powerful Isis on be called the Knights cake his only mission destroy all humans. the Knights can can turn living humans into magical beings called White Walkers. and all the white walkers can raise humans from the dead to create ice zombies. the White Walkers turned against the children of the forest and fought a years-long battle called the long night. now there's a few rules for fighting the ice Ami's White's the normal zombies can only be killed with fire. but the white walkers are so damn cold you can't burn them. so they can only die when you stab them with obsidian, or it's also called dragonglass, or these special swords made for Valyrian steel. there's only a few of these Valyrian blades out there. no one's made a Valyrian steel source. it's a doom of Valyria, so pay close attention when they come up. anyways, back to the long night. the humans rallied, beat up the White Walkers and then put up a big wall made of magic ice to keep them trapped in the north. then the Nights Watch was formed to guard the wall in case the zombies ever showed up again. but over thousands of years, people believed the White Walkers were a myth. that's what protects the room. yes, yes, against grumpkins and snarks. to the Nights Watch became more like a border control, keeping out the regular humans trapped north of the wall. so over the next thousands of years, the humans flourished and established great houses. there's only three of these houses that really matter. there's the Starks, who live in the north and built the wall to begin with. according to legend, it was the Starks who defeated the White Walkers at their castle Winterfell. and its so named because it's the place where Winterfell. then there's the Lannisters, who were power-hungry, scrooge mcduck rich. and finally, the Targaryen, who conquered the Seven Kingdoms with fire-breathing dragons. a few hundred years later, the Dragons have all died out, and the Targaryen dynasty is overthrown by this man, who I will henceforth call the redneck King, because he drinks, he swears and he loves hunting. I'm trying to get you to run my kingdom while I eat, drink and [ __ ] my way to an early grave. so the Targaryen Prince kidnaps the redneck Kings fiance, Liana. afterwards, every Targaryen is killed, except for Daenerys, who's hiding out in magic Asia and wants to take back her family's throne. and I will take what's his mine with fire and blood, I will take it. the redneck Kings best friend, Ned Stark, is Liana's brother, and he's with her when she dies a during the war, Ned has an illegitimate son, and he names him Jon Snow. and he raises John amongst his larger family illegitimate children. and for a while, the kingdoms a peace. Jon grows up and joins the Nights Watch, which at this point is mostly filled with criminals and other rejects from society, kind of like the island of misfit toys, but much less right? [Music]. like I said before, they're trying to keep all the humans north of the wall. and they call these humans the wildlings, and mostly the wily just we want to get back to the warm side of the wall, because they know the White Walkers are coming. redneck King enters an arranged marriage with the Lannister name Searcy. she's got two brothers, Tyrion, a super smart, kind-hearted, horny dwarf who has all the best lines. all dwarves are bastards in their father's eyes. that's what I do, I drink and I know things. and Jamie, who she secretly screws. years earlier, Jamie killed the old Targaryen King, earning him the nickname Kasey. seriously and Jamie have three kids, but everybody thinks the three kids belong to redneck king. ned finds out about their twincest. but redneck king is killed by a board, and ned is executed for treason. over the next few years, seriously, kids take turns dying until there's no one left to be in charge, so she becomes queen of Westeros. meanwhile, Ned's entire family is either murdered or goes into exile. so here we go with a roll call of all the living Starks. Ned's son, bran, accidentally catches the twins bumping uglies, and Jaime shoves him off a tower, things that do for love. afterwards, bran loses the use of his legs, but discovers he has psychic powers with the help of the little drummer boy from Love Actually, and his sister Meera. over the seasons, bran gets several power upgrades until he maxes out as the three-eyed Raven. his superpowers include putting his minded animals see in the future, seeing the past, talking to magic treats and using time-travel to melt the mind of a stableboy. Sansa was excited to marry a prince. I love him, and I meant to be his queen and have his babies, seven hounds. until the prince turned out to be a sadistic monster. she was married off to another psychopath, but he eventually sent dogs to eat his face, and then she becomes the Lady of Winterfell. come on suits you. aria is the youngest girl, and she likes swords and doing boy stuff. after her dad was killed, she goes on a series of adventures, becomes an assassin and learns to change her face. she returns to Winterfell after taking revenge on the people who killed most of her family. she also meets several supporting characters who will probably be important in the season, like Gendry, the illegitimate son of redneck king, and the hound who used to serve the Lannisters, but now spends his time just kind of working on himself. the King The Hound scars were a childhood gift from his older brother, the mountain that rides there's a theory that these two brothers will fight in the event that fans have nicknamed cleganebowl because their last names are Clegane bull. the mountain was beaten half to death by this guy before he rode over and gallagher his head. afterwards, he was brought back to life as a kind of Frankenstein's monster by a mad scientist named Qyburn. both Qyburn and the mountain are fiercely loyal to Searcy. the hound also almost died, but was nursed back to health by religious house Swearengen, and now he's kind of good. he's been chillin with a group called the Brotherhood without banners. that's a group of former Knights who force took the Lord's and castles and now serve a mysterious red God. it's my [ __ ] kinda was a band of fire worshippers across the sea. Daenerys Targaryen has slowly been building up an army. she has the power to control three dragons that she raised from infancy. and it's important to note that these are the only dragons in the entire world. she liber8 SAS lave army and then several slave cities. she earns the loyalty of an army of meanest horse Lords, and then finally leaves her booty call to rule her conquered cities. she's being served by a freed slave waiter named grey worm, who doesn't have a dick, private football Wang Willie Johnson. we Newark, not woody. yeah. he falls in love with Masson day, who also serves Daenerys and speaks several languages. I am oh, this is the best love story in the series. so let me know if you agree with that in the comments below. another of Daenerys of servants is an old knight named Jorah Mormont, who's deeply in love with her, but is trapped, deep, deep within the friendzone. Circe's brother, Tyrion, was briefly put in charge of the kingdom, then he was framed for the murder of the king. he kills his dad, he runs away and has brought to Daenerys by Jorah. Tyrion proves he's a valuable advisor, we make peace without enemies. don't tell friends. and along with a spymaster named Varys, they all sail off to conquer Westeros together. but let's roll back a bit and talk about Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. Jaime was kind of a cocky douche, but he got captured by the Starks, escaped and went on a long road trip with a badass woman named Brienne of Tarth, who sworn oath to protect the stark sisters. she and Jaime bond after his sword hand is chopped off and they fight a bear. turns out Jamie's not that bad of a guy. he only killed the old king because he was going insane and he was gonna burn down the city. turns out Jamie's just a misunderstood guy who loves his sister way too much. he gives Briana sword that's made of Valyrian steel, and she travels north to serve Sansa along with her new Squire, Podrick, who also used to work for Tyrion. remember, Valyrian steel is important because it can kill white walkers. as of now, all of these people have Valyrian steel blades, but now let's talk about the Greyjoy's, a family of pirate kings. they're kind of the Jerry's of the kingdom. no good. it's anything damn it, Jerry. there's Theon, who was heir to his father's house before getting his wiener cut off. now he's got a bad case of the Chihuahua face. he's all trembles and stares. there's also his sister, Yara, a total fierce badass. and their uncle, you're on, a Regis Idol maniac, who steals yarns birthright. Iran promises, seriously, a fleet of ships in exchange for her hand in marriage. he captures Yara, and then Theon sails off to rescue her, like her Russell and the Christmas Chronicles. he's finally found his sack. booyah. but let's get back to John snow, who, at one point pulls a Johnny Utah from Point Break, going undercover with the wildlings. but instead of surfing, he climbs a wall, and he falls in love with Ygritte. instead of Patrick Swayze, you know, nothing. Jon Snow, he befriends tormund Giantsbane, a wily fighter with the hots for Brienne of Tarth. he rises through the ranks of the Nights Watch to become Lord Commander. his best friend is a kind hearted, cowardly scholar named Sam who falls in love with the wildling named Gilly and adopts her baby. at this point the story, Sam basically researches whatever the plot needs to happen, like how to kill White Walkers, cure Dora's lethal skin rash and who John's real mom is. but we'll get to that in a second. John discovers the White Walkers have returned, so he offers the wildlings asylum and free passage through the walls so they'll be able to take farming jobs that no one else wants. anyways, the Nights Watch rejects Jon's progressive approach to wildling immigration, and he's killed through the bush. but then enter Davos, former servants in the fat kings dead brother. Davos wants to raise John from the dead and seeks the help of Melisandre. the knight is stuck for the pateros, a magical, red God worshipping Priestess who's in a bit of a rut. her self-confidence took a blow when it turned out she burned a child alive for no reason. Melisandre is obsessed with the prophecy of azor Ahai, the prince who was promised who will bring an end to the long night in the ancient we'll draw a burning sword from the fire. and that's kind of a fancy way of saying someone who's really good at killing zombies. after she successfully raises John from the dead, she thinks that he, or Daenerys, or both of them, or maybe even all these guys, might be a Zora. hi. John retakes Winterfell from some bad guys, and then he leaves, asking Daenerys for help fighting the zombies. Sansa's left in charge while Brandon Arya returned home for a happy, happy start for Union. so bran basically knows everything. and Sam's been studying a whole bunch of genealogy. and they have a chat, and they work out that John is actually the son of Ned's sister Liana and her true husband, Rhaegar Targaryen. he's Daenerys his brother. oh, my god, did he kidnap my aunt? well, rape huh? he loved her. this means that not only is John the heir to the kingdom but he also boned his aunt. but nobody else knows that yet, except for one other person who knows this secret. Ned's old friend, Howland Reed, who's the father of the little drummer boy from Love Actually. and brand's friend, Meera. we haven't really seen how and Reed in the show yet, but chances are he's gonna pop up in this season. Daenerys goes to war with Cersei. she burns the hell out of her army, but then she promises John she'll hold off so they can defeat the White Walkers together. John and some of his friends capture a zombie to convince seriously that White Walkers are real. but unfortunately, one of Danny's dragons is killed in the fight. later the night's king lays hands on the Beast and gives it ice powers. they hold the dragon out of the ice with giant tow chains. and yes, White Walkers, like rednecks, always carry giant tow chains. anyways, they showed the zombie to Searcy, and she promises to help, then secretly refuses to help. say, whatever I need to say to ensure the survive in the my house. so Jamie has north alone to stop the army. of the Dead. Searcy secret plan is to let the people in the north die fighting zombies, while she replaces her barbecue troops with a mercenary army called the golden company. Tyrion also makes some kind of special secret deal with her, but we don't find out what that is yet. so that's where we left everyone. Tyrion, bran and Sam all know secrets. John pledged his loyalty to Daenerys, and every main character with the Valyrian blade is heading to Winterfell. and the final scene, the night's king pulls a regen tear down this wall, and his army of the Dead is unleashed on the whole of Westeros. all right, everybody. that's basically what's happened at Game of Thrones up to this point. if I've left something out that should have been left in, please let me know in the comments below, where screen crush, I'm Ryan Arry. [Music]. 