[Music]. in 17th century japan, bai han, an assassin of the lin kuei clan, attacks and kills hanzo hasashi, along with his family. the only survivor is hanzo's infant daughter, who was taken away by an elder god named lord raiden, the protector of earth realm. in the present day, the forces of outworld have won nine consecutive mortal combat tournaments, with just one more victory needed in the next tournament to conquer earth realm. outworld sorcerer and second in command of emperor shao khan, shang sung, orders his warriors, molina, reiko, natara and kabul, to seek out and eliminate her threlam's champions, kubera dragonmark, in order to ensure that earth realm has no chance in the upcoming tournament. cole young, a former mma fighter and a bearer of the dragon mark, is attacked by bai han, now going by the code name sub-zero. cole and his wife and daughter are rescued by special forces major jax, who also has a dragon mark. jax tells cole to seek out his partner sonia blade, while he stays behind to fend off sub-zero. in the process, sub-zero incapacitates jax by shattering his arms. cole meets sonia at her hideout where he finds out about the history of the mortal kombat and learns that the dragon mark can be transferred by killing its bearer. sonia has captured kano, an australian mercenary of the black dragon clan, who had previously killed a champion with the dragon mark, which had moved onto kano's body. sonia, however, does not have the mark. the hideout is attacked by a reptilian creature, which kano kills by ripping its heart out. cole, sonja and kano travel to raiden's temple, which has traditionally been the training ground for earthrealm's warriors. they are met there by xiaolin warriors, lu kong and his partner, kung lao, and also encounter raiden himself. they also find jax there, who now has a set of inadequate mechanical arms. raiden reveals to cole that he is a descendant of hanzo hasashi through hanzo's daughter, and that he can use hanzo's rope dart to reawaken the ancient ninja, blue kong and kung lao explain that every earth realm warrior with a dragon mark, has a special power known as an arcana, such as liu kang's ability to conjure fire. therefore, the warriors at the temple must find and awaken their arcanas if they are to stand a chance in mortal combat. while kano awakens his arcana, coal is unable to do so, realizing that coal would be vulnerable for outworld's forces, he allows him to leave. despite the champion's concerns. shang tsung and his warriors attempts to assault the temple, but raiden conjures an energy shield to keep them out. kabul, being a former rival of kano, persuades the latter to defect and lower the shield. shang tsung's warriors attack, killing kung lao and trapping sonia under rubble. jax's arcana awakens, powering up his arms and giving him the opportunity to save sonia. cole is attacked by outworld champion guro. when cole's wife and daughter are threatened by the forearm brute, his arcane awakens, giving him a suit of armor and a set of tanfas with his newfound arcana. cole kills guro and rejoins the others at the temple. cole proposes splitting up outworlds warriors and taking them out individually. agreeing to the plan, raiden transports her threlam's champions to each of out world's warriors, and her thrill spiders kill their opponents in one-on-one battles. sonia kills kano during this process, and gains his dragon mark, awakening her own arcana, the ability to fire purple effigy, blasts outworld's remaining fighter. sub-zero abducts cole's family and goads him into a fight. cole is initially overpowered by sub-zero, until his blood touches hanzo's rope dart. hanzo is resurrected as the undead ninja scorpion, and, with cole's assistance, battles sub-zero and kills him. scorpion then departs back to the nether realm, thanking cole for bringing him back. while the battle is won, shang tsung declares that he is undeterred by these setbacks, and that the mortal combat tournament will proceed as expected raiden orders or threlms warriors to find more champions to fight in the tournament and help defend earth realm. meanwhile, cole sets off for los angeles to recruit hollywood superstar johnny cage. 