hello friends, Greg here. welcome back to another deep dive into mr. robot season 3. now, Before we jump in, make sure to hit that subscribe button down below, because we covered plenty more TV breakdowns, including stranger things, which starts this weekend. now let's take a look at some of the cool references and easter eggs that I noticed in mr. robot season 3, episode 3, legacy. now, I'm not the biggest fan of self-contained episodes, but this one was really satisfying. I've been waiting for more scenes with Tyrell, and having even in this episode was just icing on the cake for me, know. at that said, let's jump into a few references and easter eggs that I found in this episode. right from the start of the episode, we got a drone shot that looks to be paying homage to my all-time favorite Kubrick films, the shiny. next up, we knew that this season would delve into the Trump administration somehow, someway, I just never thought that it would involve White Rose with stage two on the way. maybe this is stage 3. when asked why the hell she would back Trump's campaign, White Rose responds, if you pull the right strings, the puppet will dance any way you desire. okay, at that very moment, the only thing I could think of was a Bond villain. the only thing missing was a damn thing. speaking of Trump, here's a little fun fact. actor Wallace Shawn, who plays mr. Williams in this episode, his look was inspired by Trump's lawyer, Ty Cobb, activist. yes. and that interrogation auditing scene is damn near identical to the process seen from Paul Thomas Anderson's the master. now, auditing sessions are usually tools made to entrap their members without their members thinking of it as entrapment. so I bring up very personal things to you under pressure and then use it against you to make you feel like you're trapped in your own admission to the questions. now back to White Rose and her henchmen for a moment. now, this episode takes place mostly in the past, though there's a cool scene where Rose tells grant to learn English so he can be more helpful to the operation in the future. now, during the premieres opening scene with them, grant starts saying how Tyrone and Elliot are both incredibly unstable people in Chinese before White Rose stops him and makes him say it in English again. now, is a huge fan of Mad Men and Breaking Bad. it's little details like this that really make me love the show more and more each day. going back to Irving, check out these mugs he has now going off of those cups. it's very fitting. so it's Irving's a Hughes car salesman that he's giving this BS to Tyrell about he'll meet his family again someday. it's not gonna happen. now, Irving is dealing with a very unstable element, and he's doing his absolute best to keep Tyrell calm and finished. the dark armies work. hell Hervey even brings up the Richard Gere tabloids after, well, it freaks out after seeing his wife on page six. now, this is one of Hollywood's weirdest urban legends. it involves Richard Gere, a gerbil and Richard Gere's rectum. this has been referenced for years and like The Simpsons SNL Family Guy and so much more, but to this day, has never been confirmed or brought up by Gere himself. back to Irving, our aspiring novelist. that audiobook that he's listening to is gore Vidal, death likes it hot. it's a vintage crime thriller about a socialite who mysteriously drowns while swimming on a crowded beach. no one suspects murder until the police find a lethal dose of sleeping pills and her system about a month off. and finally, if you want to read a little bit of Irving's novel, a beach towel, a wink gone wrong, chapter, you can pause the screen right now. thanks everybody. that's it for me over here. let me know what you guys thought of the episode in the comments section down below. stranger things starts this weekend, and we will be here with our breakdown and reviews very soon. see you guys later. bye. bye. 