is demolition on our future after the coronavirus. stick around and I'll explain how maybe the demolition man and the three seashells are a prediction of our own future. we're police officers. we're trained for this kind of violence. Demolition Man is 1993 science fiction action film directed by Mark Cobra Mila in his directorial debut. the film star Sylvester Sloan and Wesley Snipes with the stunning Sandra Bullock. the film tells the story of two men, the first an evil crime lord trade by the charismatic Wesley Snipes, going by the name of Simon Phoenix, and a risk-taking police officer played by none other than rocky Rambo. themselves, Sylvester Stallone known as John Spartan, both of which were cryogenically frozen in 1996. their reanimated in 2032 to find mainstream society change an all crime seemingly eliminated. what madness is this? in 1996, psychopathic career criminal Simon Phoenix kidnaps a number of hostages. it takes refuge with his gang in an abandoned building. LAPD tough months, sergeant John Spartan uses a thermal scan of the building after finding no trace of the hostages, he leads an unauthorized assault to capture Phoenix, at which point Phoenix sets off a series of explosives that demolishes the building. after Phoenix's apprehension, the hostages cops are found in the rubble. Phoenix claims Spartan knew about the hostages and attacked anyway. both men incarcerated in the city's new California cryo penitentiary, where they are cryogenically frozen and exposed subliminal rehabilitation 'el techniques, a scary prospect, I'm sure. 2032, Phoenix is thought for a parole hearing, at which point he escapes after autumn in a secret password, without knowing exactly how he had gained such knowledge. lieutenant Lenina Huxley, portrayed by Sandra Bullock, who loves everything night is his Spartan thorn to help stop Phoenix. she explains the Spartan that Sun Angeles a metropolitan bind the former Los Angeles, San Diego and Santa Barbara, is now a peaceful utopia, and the police no longer equipped deal with vial crime, something Spartan will have no issue in addressing. Spartan fines the new future, both depressing and oppressive, where human behaviors tire control, physical contacts and swearing are illegal, and anything else team bad is also banned, including drugs, cigarettes and intoxication. and something we are all struggling with it the minute, is that they don't use toilet paper, something we can't even find in the stores at present, and use the three seashells instead. you've got this little shelf with three seashells. and if I can figure out how they work, I'll let you know. on top of this, most others on the police force find Sparta's behavior both brutish and uncivilized. spartan, using his previous knowledge, anticipates that Phoenix will attempt to secure firearms, in which he and Hawksley head to a museum and find Phoenix already there and already committing a large number of em decays, or, as they like to know in the future, murder, death kills. after a thrilling fight scene between Phoenix and Spartan, Phoenix escapes armed to the teeth and encounters dr. Raymond Cocteau, even jealous persuader, pacifist, who has been running salon Angeles since the great earthquake of 2010. I think I must miss that one. in his confusion, Phoenix finds that he's unable to shoot Cocteau, who reveals that he had orchestrated Phoenix's escape all along. after a safety measure, Cocteau implanted a command that prevented Phoenix from harming him. and the reason Cocteau wants Phoenix help is to assassinate Edgar friendly, played by Denis Leary, the leader of resistance group called the scraps that rebels against society, wanting to live the old way, and forced to live underground due to the mass amount of security in CCTV in the year 2032, very similar to our own will now both Spartan Hawks, they are able to witness this exchange between Phoenix and Cocteau on security cameras, causing them to review the cryoprison records. to their shock, may find that Phoenix's rehabilitation program has been replaced with both combat training programs and the information necessary for his escape. Sparta meets with the scraps in time to ward off an attack by Phoenix and other criminals who have been thawed out cryo sleep to help assassinate friendly. Phoenix taunts Spartan, gloating that he is actual fact, and killed the 1996 hostages before setting off the bomb. and Spartan has therefore spent 36 years in prison for no reason, not knowing if his daughter is indeed alive or not, and that his wife had passed you in the great earthquake in 2010. from here, Phoenix goes on to escape, and Sparta is able to arm himself with help from the scraps, who are now on friendly terms with all Spartan and Huxley, even to the extent that sparce enjoys the local cuisine with what he believes to be a beef burger, which in fact turns out to be a rat burger, something he finds very appetizing, while having a cold beer. hell, in this world, I'd rather be with the scraps on the ground as well. after Phoenix escapes, he returns to dr. Cocteau with his man, and as one of them kill Cocteau, what we felt, with still the same safety measures into their rehabilitation. they then returned to the cryoprison begin to pour out even more convicts to try and take over son Andre. from here, Spartan enters the prison alone to fight Phoenix, despite Huxley's insistence that she should have company him, heavily damaging the facility in the process, he uses the cryogenic chemical to freeze and kill Phoenix with one of the worst possible choices for a wall lining yet. [Music], Guardian, so many more repair options here. Spartan finally escapes the prisoners explodes, taking all the encapsulated criminals in the explosion. and what a poor explosion it was. consuming how intense the explosion was at the start of the film. from here, the police feared the loss of both cops holding the cryoprison will end society as they know it's something I think we should but luckily, for a Spartan suggests that they and the scraps work together to combine the best aspects of both orders and personal freedom to create a better world. you were likely. and somewhere in the middle, demolition man is everything you come to expect of 90s action films, funny, great action and surprisingly, a doubt fine acting all around. even the small role in which Rob Schneider plays officer Irwin, is played to a good level. we're police officers. we're trained for this kind of violence. well, as far as a rush Schneider role goes, anyway, did you AMA to put the key in the bag? throw one of his lesser-known role, Sylvester Sloan plays the role of John Spartan to an amazing level. he's rocky and Rambo rolled into one. he's the nineties action hero in every way. and then you have Wesley Snipes, a man who was on some amazing roles over the years produce some stunning moments in film. yet plain, salmon feelings. he felt as though he was in his element. witty, funny and exciting, all the characteristics of Simon Felix, at least for me. he'll be remembered as one of the nineties best villains because of this. Sandra Bullock is one of the greatest female actors of all time. she's got everything about her, and still to this day, can perform at the top level, whether it be comedy or drama. here is no different. Lenina Huxley, sweet, naive while also deadly at the same time. damn. what a woman, and what an actress. [Music]. and then we have Denis Leary, plain Edgar, friendly. Danny's plays Edgar how he plays every other role he ever place, with a few damn fine speeches to move. I don't think I'd want him in any other way, but at least not in the nineties anyway. so we can kiss my ass. yeah, that's right. you tell Cocteau it's gonna take an army [ __ ] to get rid of me, because I don't give a [ __ ]. I got nothing to lose. so guys, before I give my final score, if you enjoyed the video, why not smash that like button from regular movie reviews? and why not hit the bell icon to be made aware every time I upload a new video? and this isn't just about me. why don't you take the time to comment below what you think demolition ma'am? but also let me know what film you want me to review next. I can't wait to see all of your suggestions down below. demolition man is a fun action film. it's got good acting, good action. its light-hearted and torchy. and it's enjoyable 90s in which you can sit back, not think about what's happening too much, and have a good time. and now I'll have to do is figure out how the three seashells work, and I'll be set for life. also, I love hearing Spartans shouting three decks. I'm pretty sure this was intended by Sylvester to say, penis in the film. just listen. hold you. anyway, guys, after all, this irate demolition man a solid 8.5 out of 10 90s. fantastic madness. it's a brilliant film. and look at how our future could potentially be. the coronavirus has changed our world forever to some degree. lacking demolition mode, natural disasters change the world. society can pull together to change the world, moving forward and for the right reasons. so guys, don't forget to smash that like button. I'll see you all in the next of you. take care. 