hey guys. explanation pro is here. today i'll explain an american superhero comedy film titled thunder force. spoilers incoming. in the beginning of the movie, we see that in march 1983, earth was subjected to cosmic race that gave many people super powers. and these people were basically sociopaths and evil people. and this resulted in the rise of supervillains known as miscreants. one day they attacked a train and many people died in the process. in the next scene, we see emily, who lost her parents in the train accident. she promised herself that she will create superheroes one day who will fight against the miscreants. because she had lost both her parents, she is now living with her grandmother. in the next scene, we see she is in her school, taking her class. when the teacher questions her, she answers it correctly. and just then the boy sitting behind her says something abusive to her. lydia, who is another girl in their class, sees this and asks the boy to shut up. in recess, the same boy surrounds emily with his friends to beat her. they are jealous of her, as she is very smart. the boy pushes her. lyria comes there and pushes him back, asking him to go inside the dustbin. seeing lydia so confident, brave and strong, the boy gets scared and goes inside the dustbin. after this, emily and lydia became best friends. emily then tells lydia about her parents, and she also tells her that because of the miscreants, this happened moreover, she tells her that she wants to kill the miscreants. this impressed lydia, as there is no one who can stop them. and she thinks they need superheroes, or otherwise they will destroy the earth. time passes by, and both of them are now teenagers. lydia helps emily as well. she looks after the fact that emily doesn't lose her mind due to her study pressure. one day, when emily is preparing for her exam, lydia comes to her and tells her to sleep a little bit, as she is studying for a long time. she tells her that she will wake her up, but she falls asleep beside her as well. eventually, emily becomes late and gets mad at lydia for not waking her up. she tells her that she always does this, and they start quarreling. lydia also gets mad at her, telling her that if emily is special, then who knows, maybe one day she could become the prime minister. saying this, lydia breaks her best friend's band that emily gave her and leaves. they broke their friendship. now we see it's been years, and lydia works at a small company. she is going somewhere, and on her way, she notices that a police car is chasing a miscreant named laser. she attacks the car with her laser beams. laser notices lydia, and she attacks her as well, but misses. then lydia goes to a restaurant for having lunch. the owner of the restaurant, frank, knows her. he tells lydia that she should meet emily now in their school reunion. she tells him that she doesn't have her number. hearing this, frank gives her emily's number, which is given by her grandmother. she comes back to work at her place and texts emily to join her in the school reunion. that night, when she reached home, she found out that emily has replied. emily replies that she will come. next day, lydia goes to their school reunion. everyone came at the reunion, but emily didn't come. then lydia notices that in the news they're talking about emily. she is now a successful scientist and she runs a company named stanton. lydia then decides to go to her company to pick her up. so she goes there to meet her after so many years. upon reaching the company, she asks for emily. at the reception, the receptionist asks lydia if she has any appointment. and in response, she tells the receptionist that she is her best friend. then we see, after many years, both of them finally meet each other. lily asks emily to come with her to the school reunion party, but emily replies that she feels sorry as she can't come. she then tells her that she didn't know that the party is today, only moreover. she has a lot of work, so she can't come. then emily tells lydia to wait for her in her office and not to touch anything. she will be back soon. and saying this, she leaves her office. but as soon as she leaves, lydia does the same thing. she touches everything and while doing this, she accidentally pulls a lever. she then sits on the experimental chair, thinking that it is a normal chair. just then the chair locks her hands and feet and injects a serum on her. she starts screaming. hearing her screams, everyone in the company gathers there. emily also arrives. and seeing lydia like this, she becomes very angry. then she tells her that she has ruined her research. she also tells lydia that, as she has taken the serum, emily can no longer fight the miscreants and win against them because she was supposed to take the serum. she asks lydia to stay here with them as she has no other option. lydia is supposed to take the special treatment and training. in the beginning, she refused to stay here. but emily tells her that without the treatment and training, she could die because of the serum. so then she agrees to it. then emily shows her the room in which she will be staying. there she meets emily's daughter, tracy. this shocks her completely, as emily never told her about her daughter. then from the next day, lydia starts her training and treatment along with her. emily also starts taking her invisibility pills. actually, emily wanted to take both the serum and the pill for herself, but lydia now is one of them, which will give her super strength. now one day, lydia is watching the news showing that miss koreans are making chaos everywhere. and she becomes worried. emily comes to her and gives her a bowl full of raw chicken. seeing this, lydia cannot control her hunger and starts eating the raw chicken like an animal. this is actually the side effect of the treatment. we see that her training keeps on going. and after 35 days of regular training, she becomes extremely powerful. along with lydia, emily has also completed her treatment, and now she can become invisible completely. both of them are now superheroes. they wear their costumes and take their supercar to reach the location of their new mission. tracy and her new assistant, ali are leading them. emily and lydia go to a shop where miss koreans have attacked to steal from the shop. both of them then start fighting with the miscreants. and they begin to beat each miscreant present there in the meantime lydia meets a miscreant named jerry, who is a crab. after some time, jerry leaves the store with his team. the owner then asks emily if they also belong to the miscreant team. in response, she replies that they are thunder force and they are superheroes. then a video of them goes viral. everyone now believes that thunder force will now come and save them from miscreants. the king comes to know about this, that two superheroes have emerged to fight against the miscreants. he gets mad at this point because he was elected as mayor candidate, and he promised everyone that if people give their votes to him, then he will save them from the miscreants. but now two superheroes are here to save them. so now no one will give him the vote, and he will lose. here we also come to know that he is the leader of the miscreants. he is the one who is behind all of this. he orders the other miscreants to rob the stores, to create chaos so that other people will get scared of them. and then he promises them that once he will become mayor, he will save everyone. like this, he asks for votes and planned everything. here we see jerry as well, who was stealing from the store last night. the king orders the miscreants that they should do something about lydia and emily. in the next scene, we see the king attack stanton and arrives there with his mesquian team. he then offers lydia and emily to join his mystery and team, otherwise he will kill them. they reject his offer, and they realize that he is also a miscreant, and he actually is behind all this. the king then leaves stanton with laser. next we see rachel has won the election. and seeing this, the king becomes very angry. he was supposed to be the mayor before the arrival of the thunder force. he gets so angry that he orders laser to kill a man who is also a miscreant, and she kills him. seeing the man dying calms him down. he then arranges a conference and declares that he will congratulate rachel for being elected as mayor, and he will throw a party in her honor. lydia meets jerry at the restaurant. secretly. they have come on a date and are talking about different stuff. jerry then reveals king's plan. he tells her that king is planning to blast a bomb at rachel and kill her. he also tells her that due to the bomb's blast, many people could die. next we see that at the conference the king hands the mayor the microphone and leaves the stage. he leaves the conference hall as well. soon the bomb will blast. thunder force also arrives there. on the other hand, we see tracy and ali leading the thunder force. just then, ally asks tracy to bring her coffee when she is coming back. she hears ally talking to lazer on the phone and giving her all the information. tracy comes to know that ali is a betrayer and is one of them. she grabs a vase and hits her from the back and makes her unconscious. moreover, she informs lydia and emily that ali is involved with the miscreants. next we see lydia and emily are searching for the bomb, and just then the king and his mystery and team arrives in front of them. they start fighting, and we see the king is as powerful as lydia. the fight between the two becomes intense in no time. on the other hand, emily is fighting laser, but she is not that much strong like her laser. is about to throw laser beams at emily. just then tracy comes there in her white super suit, with her super speed, and throws laser across the room. here we come to know that tracy has also taken the serum without emily's permission, and she doesn't even know about it. now, she's also a superhero like them. seeing her like this, lydia and emily both get shocked. next we see king is about to hit lydia again. but just then jerry comes there and stops him. he shows his courage and bravery against his boss for the first time. he tries to save her. just then the king gets mad at him and breaks jerry's hand. seeing this, lydia proves a metal pole and hits king with it, tossing him across the building. then lydia, emily and tracy starts to discuss the bomb and what to do with it. lydia decides to sacrifice herself and jump out of the building, taking it with her. as soon as the bomb and she hits the floor, the bomb explodes and lydia dies in the process. emily comes to her and she is weeping. she thinks lydia has died, and she is feeling terrible. but just then lydia wakes up. this means she isn't dead. then we see rachel come to lydia and emily and thanks them. she then gives them official responsibility to protect the city. in the post-credits scene, we see lydia and jerry eating raw chicken, as they both love to eat raw meat. jerry's crab hands are also growing back. and the movie ends here. thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and also subscribe to my channel for more videos like this. see you in the next video. 