king nara of arendelle, tells a story to his young daughters, elsa and anna, that their grandfather, king roonard, had established a treaty with a neighboring tribe of north uldra by building a dam in their homeland, the enchanted forest. however, a fight occurs, resulting in runard's death and enraging the elemental spirits of earth, fire, water and air of the forest. the spirits disappear and a wall of mist traps everyone in the enchanted forest. young anar barely escapes due to the help of an unknown savior. three years after her coronation, elsa celebrates autumn in the kingdom with anna. one night, when elsa hears a mysterious voice calling out to her, she follows it and unintentionally awakens the elemental spirits, which forces everyone in the kingdom to evacuate. grand pabby and the rock troll colony arrive, and pabby informs them that they must set things right by discovering the truth about the past. elsa, anna, olive, kristoff and spend embarked to the enchanted forest, following the mysterious voice. after the mist parts at elsa's touch, the air spirit in the form of a tornado appears and sweeps everyone in its vortex. elsa stops it, forming a set of ice sculptures. the sisters discover the sculptures or images from their father's past. they encounter the north uldra and a troop of arendellian soldiers, who are still in conflict with one another. when the fire spirit appears, elsa discovers the spirit to be an agitated, magical salamander and calms it down. elsa and anna arrange a truce between the soldiers and the north uldra, after discovering that their mother, queen eduna, was a north aldrin who had saved an r an arendellian. they later learned the existence of a fifth spirit who will unite the people with the magic of nature. elsa, anna and olive continue to head north, leaving kristoff and spend behind. they find their parents wrecked ship and a map with a route to a tohilan, a mythical river told by their mother to contain all explanations of the past. elsa sends anna and aleph away to safety and continues alone. she encounters and tames the knock, the water spirit who guards the sea to a toehold, reaching a toholin, a glacier. elsa discovers that the voice calling to her was the memory of young eduna's call, that her powers were a gift from nature because of eduna's selfless act of saving anar, and that elsa herself is the fifth spirit. elsa then learns that the dam was built as a ruse to reduce the north uldra's resources because of king runard's dislike of the tribe's connection with magic and his intention to incorporate the region into the kingdom. she also learns he was the one who initiated the conflict by killing the unarmed leader of the north uldra. elsa sends this information to anna before becoming frozen due to venturing into the most dangerous part of a totally anna receives elsa's message and concludes that the dam must be destroyed for peace to be restored. anna finds and awakens the gigantic earth spirits and lures them towards the dam. the giants hurl boulders aimed at anna, which destroy the dam, sending a flood down the fjord towards the kingdom. elsa thaws out and returns to arendelle, diverting the flood and saving the kingdom. as the mist disappears, elsa reunites with anna and revives olaf. and anna accepts kristoff's marriage proposal. elsa explains that she and anna are the bridge between the people and the magical spirits. anna becomes the new queen of arendelle, while elsa becomes the protector of the enchanted forest who regularly visits arendelle as peace has been restored. 