[Music], welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna wrap our lips around some long pig with the 1999 film ravenous. let's get to it. we open on a military ceremony where captain Boyd is receiving commendations for bravery. since celebrations are perfectly capped off with a fine meal, they all tuck into their plates of bloody, bony meat, and the mouth sounds abound. [Music], Boyd understandably excuses himself to puke, where he learns he's being shipped off to a fort in California. in short order, he arrives at the rustic but cozy encampment. he reports the colonel Hart, who welcomes him with an offer to dip his playful slender fingers into the rough folds of his nutsack. he fills him in on the camp culture. there a way station for westbound travelers, with very little winter traffic and a skeleton crew. the next morning, in the majesty of a fresh mountain snowfall, Boyd tells a contextual tale. he was discovered napping on the battlefield and found himself at the bottom of a corpse pyramid, where the blood and strength of his commanding officers poured down the back of his throat. this gave him the audacity to capture the enemy command he was rewarded for appearances only, and subsequently banished to the remote fortis of quiet punishment for his cowardice. that evening, Boyd is startled by a face in the glass, and they run out to find a frostbitten traveler. they work quickly to revive him, leaving him by the fire as Toffler reads him good night, moon on repeat. the next day, he wakes up and reveals he's been in the woods for three months with little food. his convoy was stranded in a cave by a winter storm. and after eating everything they could find, he returned to camp one day to find the others had begun eating the first person to die. he acknowledges that it was shameful, but that meat was tender as hell. things devolved predictably from there, and he stole away in the night, leaving mrs. MacCready at the mercy of the ravenous Colonel Ives. excited by the prospect of an adventure, they endeavor to march to the cave to save mrs. McCready and bring Colonel Ives to justice. George tries to warn them off by explaining the Wendigo myth. we're in eating human flesh gives the diner strength and an insatiable hunger from war. it proves to be a long and arduous journey along the way Toffler gets so excited about finding a bone that he breaks all of his. that night, he's awoken by cohoon gently licking I mean, what was he not supposed to do that? he expresses extreme regret over this and offers to be bound for their reassurance. they eventually arrive at the cave and venture in the cave party finds remnants of a camp in a deep, dark hole. rikes loops his way down, while cohoon starts acting disturbed outside, Wright finds mrs. McCready's head and then counts off the corpses to find a full encampment of bodies. recognizing with this implies, they try to warn the others. the cone has already dug up his weapon cache and started preparing his dinner. Boyd and Reich emerge and pursue the survivors, attempting to locate them by toffler's screams. they eventually find out what he was screaming about, but don't catch up with cohoon before he gets the drop on them. with little hope to overcome the power of the Wendigo, Boyd cliff dives to escape, smartly, planning to break his fall with every branch of this tree. and then a lone graceful tumble down a steep hill, meeting Reich along the way, he finds himself in a hovel, suffering from a simple, open compound spiral fracture of the shin. with a nagging taste for blood and little other chance for survival, he does what he needs to do, and it's a smart choice, because a couple of tenderloins later, and he's bearing weight again. he eventually makes it back to camp, where general Slauson arrives with a rescue party. they find the cave, but no evidence of anything nefarious. they eventually restock the fort with fresh entrees to be temporarily under the command of Colonel Ives. hey, I know you. oh boy, tries to warn Slauson, but Knox, the only other officer previously presents, was blackout drunk during Kahuna's visit. Boyd insists he shot Ives in the shoulder, but he finds that the rejuvenating power of eating men extends even to one's complexion. and Ives takes pleasure in playing it slow, like you got Wendigo. [ __ ]. so now eyes is free to have some fun by gaslighting the hell attaboy. he acts as normal as possible, while boyd stares at him every waking moment, disturbing everyone. ives confides that he found boys a little smokehouse in the woods, and knows he put his mouth on private Reich. he also reveals that cannibal is not only kept him alive, but also cured him of all of his normal maladies like tuberculosis, depression and even inverted his prolapsed anus. now he's strong as an ox and virile as a bull moose. he's rock-hard right now. he then plays seductress, reminding Boyd of the call of the Hunger. as a result of this attack, they tried to round up Cleaves to arrest Boyd. they eventually find the horses slaughtered and get a sneaking suspicion as to the location of please the out he's on the roof. and then Martha is sent to fetch general Slauson on foot. Boyd attempts to keep an eye on things, even while shackled. Knox is dispatched by a mysterious assailant, who we soon learned to be Hart, brought back from the brain death by the healing powers of human flesh and now vigorously committed to the Kido methodology, we find that their plan is to build a little coven of cannibals feeding on wayward gold rushers in the spring. since Boyd's basically they're already other than the moral objections, they want to bring him on. so ives gives him an all-or-nothing choice, and boyd eventually makes the only reasonable decision. as they prepare for the arrival of sloths, and boyd engages heart in a philosophical discussion, convincing heart to free him in order to kill ives. but then boy totally pranks him. he and ives eventually meet up, drawing blood and engaging in an epic head-butting contest. boyd brings the fight to conclusion by sacrificing himself to the jaws of this giant, rusty trap. always competitive, they have a die last competition, while Slauson takes a little taste of the stew and Martha decides to run off, fed up with caretaking a bunch of dumbass colonial lunatics. and that was Rabin's, an excellent and often overlooked gem in the western cannibalism, folklore, horror sub-genre. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. [Music], 