A Family Is Staying At a Secluded Mobile Home Park And Gets Stalked And Hunted By Three Masked Psychopaths Scary Recap here. Today, I'm going to explain a horror, slasher- thriller film called "The Strangers: Prey at Night." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. A van with three masked strangers pulls up to one trailer in a dark and secluded trailer park in Kalida, Ohio. One among them- a blonde woman- known as Dollface knocks on the door of the trailer where a couple lives, waking up the woman. Upon investigating, she finds a van outside her house with the radio on. She is shocked to find Dollface already in the house. It is implied that the wife is killed off-screen, and another killer, Pin-Up Girl, lies down in bed next to the woman's husband eerily. Elsewhere, Mike and Cindy are getting ready for a trip along with their defiant daughter Kinsey. Their plan is for a getaway at their Uncle Marvin's home at Gatlin Lake before sending off Kinsey to a boarding school due to a history of unruly behavior, which Cindy is not happy about. They pick their son Luke from a nearby park as he is playing a game with his friends. Later that night, they stop at a diner. Unhappy about being sent off to a boarding school, Kinsey steps outside for a cigarette. Cindy goes out to talk to her, but Kinsey lets her know that she doesn't deserve this kind of treatment from her parents. They reach Gatlin Lake Getaway. Mike and Cindy are surprised to find that the place is strangely isolated. They were surprised, mainly because the area is a campsite and is meant to have people living in other cabins. But, since it's an off-season, the place is conveniently, entirely empty. The family arrives at the trailer park, and Cindy enters the leading shop to find that Marvin had left the key and a note saying they can meet in the morning. They reach trailer no. 47, a secluded home. Soon, they hear a knock on the door. Cindy opens the door to find Dollface, this time without a mask, but her face is covered in darkness. Cindy asks her if she is lost and if she needs to call someone. Dollface asks for someone named Tamara before leaving. The psychopath killers begin their game. The couple had no reason right now to be worried about this random blonde girl. Mike tries to convince Kinsey about their decision to send her to a boarding school. A frustrated Kinsey leaves the trailer to get away from everyone. Luke is asked by his parents to try to talk to her. Luke finds Kinsey shuddering, and the two continue their sibling squabble. Back at the family trailer, Dollface shows up and asks for Tamara again! Cindy and Mike find the blonde girl weird and leave to see the kids. Luke and Kinsey, meanwhile, walk together until they come across a bizarre trailer that is left open. Soon after entering the trailer, they hear a banging sound. They opened the door to find a dog running out, yelping. They notice a rotten smell coming from one of the rooms. Inside the room, Mike finds "hello" written on the window several times in red before Kinsey discovers her uncle's mutilated corpse covered with a sheet. Terrified and panicked by the sight of it, Kinsey and Luke run out of the trailer. Cindy and Mike run-up to their children to find them petrified. Luke and Kinsey say that they found the bodies of Uncle Marvin and their Aunt Sheryl all cut up and drenched in blood. They are a couple murdered in the opening scene. Mike believes them after a slight hesitation. He asks Cindy to take Kinsey back home, call the police and lock the door. Mike and Luke, on the other hand, go back to Marvin's trailer. Horrified and shocked by the experience, Kinsey sobs after reaching their trailer. Cindy and Kinsy are even more panic-stricken when they find out their phones have been smashed. One of the cell phones works just enough for Cindy to make a call. But she is interrupted by Dollface, who appears behind them, a little later. This time, she is wearing a mask and is seen scratching her knife across the counter. Kinsey and Cindy manage to somehow lock themselves into the bathroom. But the threat of them being killed is still genuine. Kinsey manages to get out of the bathroom through an opening in the ceiling. She tries to help Cindy climb atop but fails, as Dollface breaks in. Cindy pleads with Kinsey to escape and save herself. Dollface brutally stabs Cindy to death from behind as Kinsey watches before fleeing. It seems that the killers can assert their dominance over the fate of the family over and over, seemingly, always one step ahead. A creepy smiley is seen as a signboard outside the trailer. Mike and Luke find Marvin and Sheryl's mutilated bodies and decide to call cops before realizing they left their phones back at their trailer. There, they find the voicemail that Cindy left for their uncle informing them about their late arrival. Luke and Mike realize that the offenders were, in fact, waiting for their arrival. All of a sudden, they hear a banging noise and a squeaking swing outside. They realize that they are being stalked by a Masked Man wielding an axe. Mike finds a gun inside the trailer, loads it, and threatens to use it on the masked man if he doesn't leave. But after he brilliantly flings the door open, not knowing what's on the other side, the Masked Man disappears. Luke and Mike run away from the trailer to find Cindy and Kinsey. There they find Cindy dead and a similar smiley face. They take their van to find Kinsey, only for the Masked Man to throw a brick at the windshield, forcing the van to crash into another trailer. Simultaneously, Kinsey is running for her life after being spotted by Dollface. Panting, whimpering, and sobbing, she runs into a car with the radio on. In the car is another masked man. She is now being pursued by three psychopaths. The masked Man chases Kinsey. Although she finds a hiding spot, it is of no use. She was quickly spotted and screamed to be left alone. But the Pin-Up Girl emerges from behind and says they're just getting started! After the two get their consciousness back at the car, Luke discovers that Mike is pinned to the seat by a wooden piece of trailer's porch. Mike wants Luke to run away, but Luke doesn't want to leave his dad alone. Mike motivates his son to go find his sister and asks him to take the gun with him. Luke promises to find Kinsey, call the cops and get an ambulance. An emotional Mike lets Luke know that he is proud of him. After Luke leaves, Mike finds himself face to face with the masked man with nowhere to go. He pleads to the masked man to leave his family alone. But it is of no use as the Man in the Mask stabs him in the throat with an ice pick in their typical fashion- after taunting them by playing music in the car. Kinsey manages to somehow run away again at a distance, but death still seems to be within a touching distance for her. Kinsey runs back to their trailer. She hears a strange noise coming from the other room, finding a jack in the box on the ground, and Dollface, nearby, reveals herself with a high-pitched squeak and moaning. Dollface stabs Kinsey, but Luke arrives just in time to save her and holds Dollface at gunpoint. Dollface laughs insanely and asks whether he is gonna shoot her. He doesn't hit, which would turn out to be a costly mistake later. He grabs Kinsey and runs, and they reach another trailer. There Kinsey is upset she couldn't save her mother and blames herself for being late for the trip. But Luke tries to calm her down while he tends to Kinsey's wounds. Then, the masked Man rams into the trailer with his truck, forcing the siblings to run. Unfortunately, Luke leaves his gun behind. Realizing that Kinsey can't run, Luke leaves her under a porch while he goes to the main office to get help. He manages to call 911 from there but loses connection midway while trying to remember his exact location. Now, the masked psychopaths had rounded him off and messed with the power. As always, they turned the music on as Luke grabbed a golf club. He sees the Pin-Up girl and runs towards the pool, where he manages to whack her with the golf club. The killers turn on the area's lights, set the soundtrack for the kill. Thus, the psychopaths are trying to establish an ambiance for murder. Just as he tries to unmask her, she tries to stab him. But, Luke manages to get the knife from her and stabs her to death instead. Moments later, the Masked Man shows up with his axe and chases Luke. The two fall in the pool and fight for their lives. Eventually, the Man in the Mask gets the upper hand and stabs Luke, leaving him to bleed out in the pool. Kinsey finds Luke and manages to hide him while she tries to get help. Limping her way to find some help, she comes across a police van. She asks the officer to help her, only for Dollface to slash his throat. Kinsey tries to escape in the officer's van but realizes Dollface has the key! Ready to savor the prey, Dollface opens the door and starts slashing Kinsey. But Kinsey grabs the officer's rifle and shoots Dollface away. Kinsey takes off her Mask and asks her why she is doing this, to which Dollface replies with a bloody smile, "Why not?\' Kinsey finishes her off with another shot. Kinsey then tries to drive back to find Luke. But the Masked Man appears again, in a huge van. He rams into the police car in which Kinsey is. Kinsey has nowhere to go as her vehicle doesn't start. The masked man continues to ram into the vehicle multiple times until Kinsey gets out of it. She notices the cars are leaking fuel. She grabs her lighter and throws it at the cars, causing them to explode. However, the masked Man survives the explosion extraordinarily and chases her into the car, already in flames. They reach a bridge, where he gets out of the car with his ax, only to drop to his knees. He pulls a piece of glass out of his abdomen and then falls to the ground, apparently dead. Kinsey spots another van and flags it down for help. The woman in the car approaches her for help but then backs off after seeing the masked Man behind Kinsey, still alive! The woman starts the vehicle, and Kinsey manages to climb into the truck's bed with the masked Man following slowly. He too climbs into it, but just when he tries to get Kinsey, she grabs a bat and knocks him out once and for all. She is relieved, exhausted, sad, and terrified all at once as she finally manages to escape from what has been a terrible getaway. Sometime later, Kinsey wakes up from a nightmare. Kinsey realizes she is in a hospital with her brother, Luke. Luke is still recovering from his injuries and has yet to gain consciousness. The feeling of survival made her kiss his forehead. Just as Kinsey goes to get water for herself, once again, she hears a knock at the door, as well as the distinct sound of a jack-in-the-box Dollface used earlier in the park., just as before, as the film ends. Are the killers really dead? In the end, probably at least one of the psychopaths survived and is waiting for Kinsie and Luke! Yes, and that's about it. For more videos like this, subscribe to our channel. Turn on notifications and don't forget to leave a like. Thank you for watching! 