[Music], look, I got something to tell you guys about. backup from your phone. you're too close. okay. honestly, that cat looked a little spooky, but not as spooky as this Netflix of horror, shudder. shudder is the home of the chills and thrills, the twists and turns, the horror and suspense right at your fingertips. you got classics, you got exclusives, and you got the extreme. you know, me and you, we'd be speaking that language alive. no, we what's that? you want to know how to even stream shudder? Apple devices, Android devices, Apple TV, Roku, Xbox one. I mean, did I mention that, um, won't watch any ads at all. your Sriman ad-free. oh look, it's cannibal ferox. thanks to shudder, I got a viewing of it well before getting it on DVD. Plus, shudder has it uncensored with all the extreme scenes that were taken out in all the other releases. now, to know something about me, I enjoy the classics a lot. as soon as I saw a Halloween or a Texas Chainsaw Massacre, I watched both right away, back to back, even though I seen them plenty of times before. and you know, I love the Korean horror films, guys. a tale of two sisters has been the number one Korean horror film I've been eyeing for a while, and I streamed it with haste. but these shutter exclusives are so awesome - like, don't even let me tell you about the r8 revenge movie. revenge I for an eye, is an instant stream easily. they are always adding new titles, new exclusives, like porn, or Bri from Hale, or Creek show, among others. Plus, shutter creates these awesome collections for you to dive deep into various genres. you know, we got some history. and this one right here, though. so shudder is your host of a sensual hor content for $5.99 a month, or 56 99 years. but how about you just try it out for 30 days, see how you like it, see what you think. get started streaming today, after this video, of course, and get 30 days free by going to shudder DICOM and using the code spooky when you sign up. try out shudder 30 days free by going to sugar dot-com and using that coast boo-ki when you sign up. look, even the buttons. shudder, just clap it up a shudder for sponsoring this video. cannibal ferox is what I thought Cannibal Holocaust would be like like, Cannibal Holocaust before it, and the green inferno after. cannibal ferox deals with some young Americans venturing into the green inferno. this time it's the sea of glorious theory that cannibalism doesn't exist. this truth. yikes. look. looks like she should get another dissertation topic if she survives. of course, you're gonna see the common themes relevant to that cannibal boom. and this film has grossed cannibalism and animal cruelty that rivals Cannibal Holocaust. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown. q2, Gohan, bro, this movie got a groovy ass theme. Sanford and Son. ass opening. as you can see, we are in New York. the streets are bustling, but we are following some random dude who won't matter. he's looking for Mike, a drug dealer. but it looks like he's not the only one looking Mike ripped off these kind Souls here, and they commit murder in broad daylight, thinking this random guy was in cahoots with their target. remember this Mike person? okay, we would get to him later. now let's go all the way down to Columbia. here's that green inferno again. now, again, we are following three more young college students. they're pretty smart, though, well, these two at least. let me introduce you to the gorgeous Gloria, who is on her way to her doctorate, the righteous Rudy, pretty darn smart brother of Gloria, and the thought Pat. they are looking for the monk Oya village, but the locals say that place doesn't even exist. even if it does, it's pretty dangerous over there when Koya is apparently host to organized cannibalism. its glorious mission to disprove that rumor, since her dissertation is based on the theory that there has never been any systematic cannibalism here or anywhere in history. Pat is just along for the ride. speaking of writing, the three of their vehicles trapped in mud twice, actually making them the laughing stocke of the locals. at some point, they come across a native man eating those fat ass larvae things. looks like the three should turn back, because now they are in the rolling heights of all's country. these natives, they're wary. the next morning, they are awakened by their little pet getting killed. and anaconda kills it slowly. I won't show it, but it seems to be filmed separate from the actors reactions, almost like they threw the two animals together and just family what happened. soon they find two dead native people, though randomly, two survivors come across the gallows and Rudy. you have the injured one named to Jo, and the tough [ __ ] named Mike. you remember Mike? he was the unseen figure that the poor shot was looking for in the beginning. well, it turns out he fled to Colombia in search for sure source of cocaine. he tells our young students that they escaped from captivity with the help of those two dead natives. Gloria is already feeling like her dissertation might be wrong when Mike explains the cannibalism committed by the group. so the two groups join forces to escape the dangerous natives. roaming about. the next day, they find Gloria missing, the two drug barons lead the charge to find her. but let me just tell you something, this movie has a lot of nature. is meadow scenes. this big cat bites and murders a little monkey. again, this is film separate from the actors. of course, that's not all. they find Gloria in a trap, getting bullied by some little boar thing. I guess. Mike kills it, like, really actually kills it on screen. I've seen more dangerous goats like there was no need for that. eventually, the group all go to some village that injure one. Joe has a fever, though, because his wound is infected. Mike is the evil one, suggesting leaving his own partner behind. he submits to the group and just wastes it out. now, anybody care that Pat gets it on with anybody? but she's [ __ ] Pat footpad because she and Mike get hopped up on cocaine and decide to bully two native kids playing around. they wasn't just bullying them, they were gonna kill them. Pat is out of her league, and she otice. but mike seems to have some crazy bloodlust. he deserved to be hunted down by the natives. he shoots the young lady here. this man, Rudy, though he knocked Mike flat on his ass, he had to pull a gun out just to feel tough. the fight ends because Joe is relapsing. they need a special tree root to bring down that fever. later we see the natives kill a big turtle, just like in Cannibal Holocaust when the camera crew killed the big turtle. this movie is at least on par with Cannibal Holocaust when it comes to that animal cruelty. probably look, we know Mike is not just any old drug dealer. he's sadistic, and it's the reason why the natives are up in arms. Joe tells everybody the real reason why he's injured. Mike lied and said they were just attacked or whatever. but in reality, Mike's blood thirst had him kill various natives, literally torturing them for no reason. that's Joe. watch. now there is more sympathy for the natives, but still, their bloodthirsty cannibals even worse. Rudy and Gloria discovered that [ __ ] Pat ran off with Mike along with all the supplies. once Joe dies, it's the two siblings all on their own. they find a rotten papaya meant to place a curse on them, meaning that they are at the wrath of the natives who want to take revenge. we can see what they are capable of when they mutilate Joe's body, grabbing out guts and all kinds of organs, chewing on it. - hell yeah. after saying that, I'd be running. - looks like they can't get too far. they are completely surrounded and brought back to the camp. but the good thing is that those two traitors got captured. - now it's time for Mike to get that eye for an eye treatment. now it's not as graphic as cannibal or Cannibal Holocaust, but he gets his penis cut off. I am at it, and honestly, I ain't mad at it. I am at it. it is what it is. [ __ ] Mike. [ __ ] Mike. but [ __ ] cannibalism does exist. and Gloria sees that even more. the natives didn't want to kill him yet. his penis was just a snack. and he surprisingly gets over that injury quickly. they bring everybody to a new village, but Rudy and Gloria organized an escape attempt on that boat right there. Gloria causes a disruption, and Rudy runs away like planned. injured, he carefully hides, but his bleeding leg attracts piranhas. it doesn't end well for him, and he literally starts calling out for help from the Nadeau's. Rudy actually dies quickly when they shoot a dart into him. well, he did have some injury before, but it seems like he got a quicker way out than anybody else, which is good, because Rudy was a cool guy. he was a cool dude. Pat and Gloria are stuck inside a hole in the ground. it's here that Gloria blames themselves for the treatment they are getting. we civilize people in our superior and selfish way of living. later, Mike digs himself out of his cage. he attacks a guard, but in the meantime, a sympathetic native gifts the girls a rope so they can escape. Mike scares him away and cuts the rope. for some reason, I don't even see him as a human being at this point. like, what is out with this this organism? evil? gosh, long story short, might didn't get too far. even though a rescue playing with his fuck-buddy inside is flying around. now we get to the meaty torture. as punishment, they stick him in a special table and slash his head right off, helping them pick at his brains and eat a snack. next is Pat who has each breast impaled with a hook. she is hain like this until she dies slowly, which Gloria has to watch. they keep Gloria alive for being world-beating it, I guess. but that sympathetic native helps her again. he cut those buying these right off and leaves her away from those bloodthirsty natives. I'm glad that people can help and understand each other on these levels of survival. unfortunately, the sympathetic one is killed by traps laid by his own people. and this leaves Gloria all by herself to get away. now, I'm guessing the next morning, some animal trappers are boating around when they hear screaming. it's then that they discover Gloria on her last legs. and that's it. Gloria survives this ordeal. so three months pass, and looks like Gloria is graduating with that doctor as she earned. remember, she was writing that cannibalism doesn't exist. well, despite what she's seen, she kept that very intact. she hid all the cannibalistic secrets of the forest to forget all about her ordeal and to keep civilization from playing around with native groups. also, it probably would have been a hassle to find a new topic. the movie ends at Gloria accepts her whatever, still affected by those legends of cannibal ferox. well, I really like that better than Cannibal Holocaust, honestly. but we are done yet. let's talk about the mostest third moment and most enjoy a moment. and that's spooky stuff. cue to go home. you know, I always shooted this film as if it would be an unofficial sequel to Cannibal Holocaust. honestly, I like this one more, even though the random animal deaths were unnecessary. perhaps it was just a result of the times. though the most disturbing moment should be when Mike had his penis cut off. but he bounced back from that too quick, and he really kind of deserved it. now, Pat's slow death was kind of painful. I'd hate to die in such a way. so I'll guess I'll choose that this is not including all of the animal deaths. the most enjoyment is probably when hi Kiki, my god, his penis cut off. I enjoy seeing him getting punished. nah, I guess I would just like how the cannibalism was portrayed, like how Mike had his head slash, stuff like that. however, I'd still expect the natives to heat up their food before they eat it. oh, and that's it. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. I never seen any of you recommend this movie, but it's been on my list for a while. Cannibal Holocaust, right there, in case you want to go back on the right. cannibal, a very gross, cannibalistic movie. remember, try checking out shudder for that 30-day free trial. I'm sure you will enjoy it. thanks for watching. spooky out 