welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and with the rise of Skywalker right around the corner, I thought I'd dive into one of the big theories that is floating around the internet right now, which is that Anakin Skywalker will return for episode 9. Anakin, though not in the sequel trilogy at all, up until this point, this still played a pretty big role, with a lot of kylo ren's mindset being centered around the way that he believes Darth Vader was. kylo even owned his grandfather's helmet as a reminder that the dark side was deeply rooted in his family. but does that mean that the character will return? and if so, how will he do it? well, throughout this video, we're going to be going over the major teasers that show that Hayden Christensen will be returning, as well as what the leaks say about the characters come back. there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you don't want to know anything about the movie, then I highly suggest that you turn off. now. I'll leave the leaks to last, as we don't know how true that they are, and I'd rather get into the cold, hard facts first. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of whether Anakin will return for episode 9. ok, so as I mentioned earlier in the video, Anakin Skywalker is a pretty big character in terms of Star Wars mythology. and his shadow has loomed large over the new trilogy, pretty much dictating a lot of the actions that his grandson takes from beyond the grave, whether it's the way that he would have wanted things to go or not. from all of the marketing materials and interviews with people like JJ Abrams and those that have worked on the rise of Skywalker, it's clear that they are planning something special that ties the entire saga together. this has been stated numerous times by numerous people. and because of it, fans have speculated that Anakin Skywalker will indeed be making a return in one form or another. Anakin was there from the beginning, and he quickly became the main focus of the prequel trilogy before emerging as the big bad for the original films, which spanned from a new hope to Return of the Jedi. the majority of the events in the saga have centered around him. in one way or another, with his son, Luke Skywalker, becoming a powerful Jedi, and his daughter and grandson both making their mark across the universe. thus, there isn't really a better character to have cameo in the rise of Skywalker as a way to tie together the entire saga and to link this one with the prequels. the upcoming movie titled rise of the skywalker is clearly paying homage to just how important the lineage years. so it makes sense to at least have the person that it all really started with making an appearance. there's also evidence that Hayden Christensen is hinting at the fact that he might return, with the actor posting recently that he visited galaxy's edge at Disneyland. Christensen was seen posing in front of the Millennium Falcon and operating the controls of the ship before gifting a blue lightsaber to a fan. now, I'm not a complete idiot, despite what some of you say in the comments, and no way do I believe that this confirms he's back, just because he pitted a theme park for a film that he happened to work on. but Disney, weirdly enough, retweeted the post, referring to Hayden as the chosen one, before promptly deleting it, which is a bit suspect. again, this doesn't confirm anything. however, some fans believe that this was posted to remind fans that there is still potential that Anakin could bring balance to the force, as was prophesized, and that he may indeed still have a big part to play. in addition to this, Christensen was also supposed to appear alongside Ian McDiarmid back in August at the fan X convention in Salt Lake City. however, just before it was about to begin, Disney had the panel closed down, which, you caused, prompted more speculation. now I'm gonna be getting into the leaks from this part of the video. so if you don't want to know anything about the ending of the movie or what could potentially happen, and I highly suggest that you turn off now. are you still here? grey, then the force is strong with you. okay. so originally, the leaks say that at the end of the film, the ghost of Palpatine was going to possess one of the Knights of Ren, played by none other than Matt Smith, who would then take on the role of Palpatine and be the big bad however, this was rumoured to be unpopular in-house at Disney. and thus during the confirmed reshoots that we know happened this year, Ian McDiarmid was put back in the film as the villain, once more, reprising his role as Palpatine. we know from the trailers and the post says that the Emperor is back. and those that have seen the leaked images of the ending know that the out there is 100% returning. it is possible that these reshoots happened around the time of the phonics convention, and thus Disney cancelled the panel just in case any leaks dropped about the pair. now in the film itself, there is rumored to be a moment in which Luke and Rey are meditating in the Jedi Temple with one another during Rage training. Luke apparently tells Rey of a story that retroactively Lee changes at CERN the element of the last Jedi and the force awakens. that is, during the scene in which Luke was about to kill Ben solo, Anakin's voice sounded off in his head and reminded him that it is not the way of the Jedi to strike people down like this. Luke then goes on to say that this saved him from turning to the dark side, and that during a lot of his training, Lucas being guided by his father's voice, because he does not want him to go down a dark path. we know from the end of Return of the Jedi, that Luke can indeed see Anakin, and there is a possibility that he could still be in contact with him through the force. Luke says that whilst he was on the island, which we saw the character living in self-imposed exile, that he too, like Rey, was often pulled to the cave and the dark side of it, but his father's guidance always pulled him out of it. in the end, he decided to close himself off from the force due to the worry that he would always be pulled towards the dark, and thus he shut things off. the leaks also say that later in the movie, when Rey goes to take down Palpatine, that she finds herself quickly outmatched by the villain. now we do know from leaked images that during this she teams up with kylo. these are all floating about on Google and they basically show the two standing side by side with blue lightsabers. one of them is Luke's, and we can guess are the others as Anakin's, as that's one of the major blue lightsabers in the saga. both are still quite easily bested, though, by the extremely powerful Sith Lord. and in order to be Tim Rey has to tap into the force, which involves reaching out to Anakin, Luke, Yoda, obi-wan and lots of Jedi over the saga, who all channeled their energy and helped to eventually take down Palpatine. originally, we were meant to see these characters, but the most recent leaks said that the reshoots removed these in place of just having their voices similar to how Rey heard them in the force awakens when retrieving Luke's lightsaber. that isn't the end of the movie though, and we have seen more leaked images that show kylo Ren on Tatooine at the end of the film. and this supports the ending leak, which states that Rey and the gang returned to Tatooine, and that we see that she has dismantled Luke and Anakin's lightsaber in order to create a new one. with the yellow blade. at the foot of Luke's old home, she buries the remaining parts, and then, apparently the current occupiers of the house step outside and ask who she is. she introduces herself as Mary Sue, I mean, sorry, Rey Skywalker, which means that she has adopted the moniker of a mentor and is now taking this forward, carrying the mantle. she then goes to the hill and stares out at the twin sunsets, which is when the camera pans. and similar to the ending of Return of the Jedi, we see many of the force ghosts that were teased earlier watching her. this is apparently where the appearance of Hayden Christensen is anakin happens. and with obi-wan Yoda and Luke, they stand and smile as Rey looks out over a galaxy newly embodied with hope. and that's what the leaks say happened. and though they should all be taken with a pinch of salt, actually think that they make a lot of sense, going off the images that we've seen. Disney are definitely going to try and endgame this and it makes sense for them to bring back a pivotal character for the final film in the skywalker saga. though I can't say with complete certainty that this is going to be the way that the film goes and that Anakin is definitely returning, I think that the way that Disney have been acting, coupled with Hayden Christensen's schedule and the leaks, makes it seem like there is a really good chance that he will be back. JJ is trying to write a lot of the wrongs of the last Jedi, and the Luke scene that I mentioned earlier, as well as the send-off of the series, definitely seems like a great way to close everything with a satisfying ending. how it plays out, we will see. but it has got me slightly more enthusiastic about the movie, as I think it would be the cherry on top to see Anakin come back, even if it's just for a cameo. now, will this please the fans? I don't know. we all know that no one hates Star Wars more than Star Wars fans. but it will be interesting to see if JJ manages to stick the landing with this. as deep down, I kind of hope that he does, even if I've lost a lot of love for Star Wars over the past five years. now, if you're watching this from the future and have already seen the movie, then you know what you need to do. tell us in the comments below, because we all want to know if you're not from the future and are just as clueless as the rest of us. and make sure you comment below and let me know if you think Anakin will return. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of all over the theories surrounding Rey about who her parents could be. we go top to bottom on the best ones and discuss the leaks as well. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to come chat to me up to the video that make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with all the latest videos on the channel. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we'll also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3, part 1, boxer on blu-ray, which contains Civil War, Doctor, Strange homecoming, Ragnarok and more. and all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning. it's like the video. make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Anakin's return in the comments section below. but when is going to be chosen at random, on the 15th of November, and the cell be shipped out from the end. whoever gets the prize, it's best of luck that everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who were made into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 