[Music]. centuries ago, five African tribes war over a meteorite containing vibranium. one warrior ingests a heart-shaped herb affected by the metal and gained superhuman abilities, becoming the first Black Panther. he unites all but the jabari tribe to form the nations of Oakland de. the wakandans used the vibranium to develop advanced technology and isolate themselves from the world by posing as a third world country. in 1992, King to chaka, visits his brother and Joe boo, who was working undercover in Oakland, California, to Chaka accuses in Jobu of assisting black market arms dealer ulysses klaw, with stealing vibranium from oakland de. and joe booze partner reveals he is Zuri, another undercover wakandan, and confirms to Chaka suspicions. in the present day, following to chacas death, his son, to Chawla, returns to Wakanda to assume the throne. he and a co a, the leader of the Dora milosh a regiment, extract Nakia two challahs ex-lover, from an undercover assignment, so she can attend his coronation ceremony with his mother, Amanda and younger sister Cherie. at the ceremony, the Jabari tribes leader, mbaku challenges to Chawla for the crown in ritual combat. T'Challa defeats in Baku and persuades him to yield rather than die. after Klaw and Eric Stephens steal a wakandan artifact from a London Museum, Maccabi, two challahs friend and a Koei's lover urges him to bring clawback dead her alive. T'Challa, Ikoyi and the Kia traveled to Busan, South Korea, where Klaw plans to sell the artifact to CIA agent everett k ross. a firefight erupts, and Klaw attempts to flee, but is caught by two chala, who reluctantly releases him to Ross's custody. Klaw tells Ross that wakanda's international image is a front for a technologically advanced civilization. Eric attacks and extracts Klaw as Ross as gravely injured protecting the Kia. rather than pursue Klaw, T'Challa takes Ross to a condo where the technology can save him, while Shuri heals Ross. T'Challa confront Zuri about in Jobu. Zuri explains that, in Jobu, plan to share wakanda's technology with people of African descent around the world to help them conquer their oppressors. as to Chaka arrested Jobu, and Jobu attacked Zuri, forcing to Chaka to kill him. - Chaka ordered Zuri to lie that in Jobu had disappeared and left behind Joe boos American son Erik. in order to maintain the lie, Erik became a u.s. Black Ops soldier, adopting the name kill monger. meanwhile, kill monger kills Klaw and takes his body to a Conda. he is brought before the tribal elders, revealing his identity and claim to the throne. kill monger challenges to chollet to ritual combat. after killing Zuri, he defeats T'Challa and hurls him over a waterfall, where he is presumed dead. after ingesting the heart-shaped herb, kill monger orders the rest be incinerated, but Nakia extracts one. first kill monger, supported by Wahhabi and his army prepares to distribute shipments of all Condon weapons to operatives around the world. Nakia, Shuri, brahmanda and Ross flee to the Jabari tribe for aid. they find a comatose T'Challa rescued by the Jabari in repayment for sparing him. Baku's life healed by the Kia's herb, T'Challa returns to fight kill monger, who dons his own black panther suit and commands Maccabi and his army to attack T'Challa. Shuri, the Kia and the Doraemon Lodge a joined to Chawla, while Ross remotely pilots a jet and shoots down the planes carrying the vibranium weapons. mbaku and the Jabari arrived to reinforce T'Challa, confronted by a Koi a well, kabhi and his army stand down. fighting in wakanda's vibranium mine, T'Challa disrupts kill monger soo and stabs him. kill monger refuses to be healed, choosing to die a free man rather than be incarcerated. T'Challa establishes an Outreach Center at the building where enjoy boo died to be run by the Kia and shearing. and a mid-credits scene, T'Challa appears before the United Nations to reveal wakanda's true nature to the world. in a post-credits scene, sure he helps Bucky Barnes with his recuperation. [Music] 