yes, this is recast rats. in honor of America's birthday, we thought we gives you a brief rundown of American history. climb aboard, y'all. here we go. start with the Puritans, persecuted for the police, sailed across the pond, found religious relief in Jamestown. be a free and clear never mind all the natives that were already here. puts the thirteen colonies. they go up fast. Britain recognizes dad has some heavily tagged, the Sugar Act, Stamp Act, even the tea which they dumped in Boston Harbor. now, Georgia speed before beer is on it. Lexington and Concord. Continental Congress meets a couple times. right than independence cause. G dogs lead the charge. France joins the cause. and 83, the British art done, retreating. baby Frank's encode appears to sign the treaty. G dubstep, top best. president WOD brings evil. America has begun. [Music], new inspiring today. all men created equally if they are white and Spain. Louisiana Purchase, got the French to leave. Lewis and Clark, starter destiny. Missouri Compromise got a split like bananas. welcome Cali. add touches after what with Santa Anna? no, we're trying to get west base of looking south. tub and goes underground and gets lays out some turds. Civil War. Lincoln says, law school. can you wait? emancipation. Lincoln shot is the four headed by. still flutter. ponies getting tired. transcontinental rail car goes on fire for baseball. the phonograph. that's progress. band still fight. Nana's at Custer's last stand. Ellis Island statue welcomes a immigration [ __ ] versus Ferguson wrote the segregation another war already with Spain. well, the natives have it worse then. who did these merica? [Music], you red and Yosemite with [Music], who's the belt and his - rough ridin on his horse, right? frozen report effect the First World War, women cast ballots were in twenties. prohibition, Herbert Hoover's cruises, over market, crash. Great Depression. FDR's New Deal. things are looking up, guys. here a born-again kamikazes hit. Paradise Falls. d-day. Eisenhower leads us through it. gets back in Japan, but we can't overdo it. I'm a baby. stop. boom. and then we got Harry Truman start war in Korea, but we don't know what we're doing. I'm okay. Malcolm back. still fighting segregation. crisis down to Cuba. JFK, assassination. Johnson, Vietnam. sending kids a certain dude. summer a love. put a man on the moon. Kent State. Watergate. man, we're not looking great. roe v--. wade Camp, David, maybe now we'll be okay. oh no. cuz the Soviets have got us by the balls. Olympic boycott. tear down this. Reaganomics. in effect, been a minute since the war first Bush. feel like roses into Desert Storm. grunge and plaid. Clinton makes a stand for the economy. plenty. unzip. suspense. y2k, wall gonna die. yjk, guys, [Music], he holds wielding, makes the floor none w Pete's core in the election. wake up to 911. start wrapping up. attention. Homeland Security, the Patriot Act. it's a full-on war on terror. so invade Iraq for the freedom, of course, till we catch you. saying, robbing. Homer gets pounded by hurricanes, housing market sucks, plus a huge recession. first but president, but what a mess you left us. stimulus package gets us back on pace. SEAL Team six raids bin Laden's place. gay marriage, ACA, unemployment is 2016 election. and now this. [ __ ]. don't get mad or misconstrue. it's supposed to be an entertaining overview. but remember where we came from. remember our mistakes, United not to fight it. that's how you make us great. right? Jesse, freedom. that was a brief history of America. go. this is recap reps. please comment below, letting us know what you want to see next, please. we Pat it to each other. what's up guys. thanks for watching. if you like this, click the box to let you see playlist of all our other recap reps. all through the box in the right to see another dunk video. be sure to hit that subscribe button to stay up to date on all the latest books on content. all right, I'm gonna go play with fireworks walk. so now. [Music]. 