welcome to the man of recaps. this is the mandalorian, episode 1. if you want a quick spoiler free review to know if you should watch it or not, yes, absolutely. I loved it. it's a really cool vibe, sort of a Western, but in Star Wars, there's some sweet action and a lot of funny stuff without it being overwhelming or corny. so yeah, I'm excited to see where the show goes. so it begins on a cold, icy planet. a Mandalorian walks into a bar. now my girlfriend, who's not a big star Wars fan, asked, hey, is that a Boba Fett? to which the answer is, kind of. you don't have to know much Star Wars lore to understand the show. but just to clarify, the Mandalorians are a race of people easily identifiable because they wear this super-sweet boba fett armor. Boba Fett was one the most famous cuz he was the only one in the original Star Wars. and not all Mandalorians are bounty hunters, but I think a lot of them are, because that's kind of what they're into. so this Mandalorian is of yet-unnamed, but he is a big, badass. takes these guys out. he saved this smarmy blue alien guy, but he's actually here to collect a bounty on him. I can bring you an alarm call. he calls a cab back to his ship. I love the cool alien stuff, like this guy summons a cab by playing the flute. the Mandalorian specifically requests no droids, so watch out for that later. he might hate them for some reason. so he gets this funny human pilot who wants them to watch out for some sort of alien. and, oh, one gets him. yeah, it's coming form. it's a giant walrus monster. Mandalorians unconcern D cattle prods it right off his ship and they are off. funny blue alien talks for a while about how he's got to use the bathroom, which is kind of hilarious. if you've never seen a fledgling mythal evacuate the thorax, you're lucky. God trusts me. and he finds our Mandalorian has a bunch of his marks frozen in carbonite, just like any Solo and he gets himself frozen to back on his home base planet. goes to another bar that's full of super cool, practical effect aliens. I love the vibe brings us back to the original Star Wars Cantina. he talks to his bounty hunter boss, Carl Weathers. apparently they're in a bounty hunting guild, and they're given these little pucks that have the marks on them. Carl Weathers tries to pay him in imperial credits, but mentally rains like, yo, that's not good anymore. the Empire's fallen. yeah. that's where this takes place, by the way, is right after the original trilogy. the Empire's fallen, and the galaxy is now in this sort of limbo. now, Carl Weathers doesn't have any more good marks for him, except for one, off the record. so mandalorian goes to talk to the client, and he's got a bunch of stormtrooper bodyguards. yeah, their armors all dirty and stuff, cuz, again, the Empire's fallen. they're basically just hired mercenaries. now, I mean, they probably could have found some Windex or something to keep their armor clean, but I'm not gonna tell them how to live their lives. so the client is that actor who talks real funny. he said, whoever fist into parsec and he's like, hey, I can't tell you anything about the mark except for where they are. nerdy scientist seaming guy is like, hey, we need them alive. but this guy's like, a dead would be okay. now, the exciting thing is he's paying in best Skaar steel. they don't go into much detail, but what we can gather is best scar is a Mandalorian metal from their home planet. in fact, our Mandalorian goes to meet a hot Mandalorian Jack. it's part of their whole culture. by the way. they never take their helmets off. um, I wonder if Pedro Pascal ever will. now, the best cars feel he just got. apparently the reason it's so valuable is because she can Smith it down into some sweet armor. they also talked about how the rest of the money will help sponsor many foundlings, of which he was once one. we got some vague flashbacks here. basically, I think foundlings are young Mandalorians that are lost or spread throughout the galaxy, and they're trying to Eve unite them all, bring them back together. so Mandalorian goes to a rocky planet where he's attacked by one of these animals, kind of like a mini t-rex frog. someone tranqs them and saves him. it's this little alien guy. he's hilarious because he ends every conversation in the best possible way I have spoken. he's gonna help by teaching the Mandalorian to ride one of these animals called a blur. long story short, he gets it and they ride off to where his bounty is. Mandalorian scouting it out. but there's immediately a complication. a bounty hunting droid is here first. this droid is not much for a subtlety. he goes in, guns blazing. and even though the Mandalorian doesn't like droids, they work together for this one. once they're surrounded, the droids like, oh, it's in my protocols. I can't be caught activating self-destruct middle organs like, whoa, no. ok, hold off on that. and it's a funny writing joke. he tries it multiple times. in the end, they bring out the laser Gatling gun, and they're in big trouble. but Mandalorian, boom, pulls off some sick tricks and grabs it for himself. gooo pew, pew, pew, pew. who takes them all out. they get inside the bunker about their locators pointing to a little baby crib. Oh my god, it's a baby Yoda. I don't even know what species Yoda was. as far as I know, Yoda was the only one we ever saw. whatever it's called, though, it's super cute. so androids gonna blast him. boo. Mandalorian takes him out. he's not killing a baby. and that's how the Mandalorian episode one comes to an end. hit that subscribe button. I'll be doing weekly Mandalorian recaps, plus lots of other cool shows. [Music]. 