now, Audrey, you Charlie, it's you. I just never really saw you before the way I'm seeing you now. I'm meeting a different person. who are you? Charlie? okay, off comes the coat. hey everyone. Greg and Ryan here for another breakdown of Twin Peaks, the return. this is part 15. this episode has some heartwarming moments, frustrating moments and a moment we may have been waiting for all season long. and a coffee percolator possibly impersonating David Bowie. there is definitely something fishy in that percolator. now, before we get started, don't forget to subscribe to the Universe channel. we've got Game of Thrones, Rick and Morty and of course, twin piece. there were a lot of scenes with perilously little plot in the town of Twin Peaks this week, mostly fanservice and touching tributes. if you thought James singing in the Roadhouse was the biggest fan service so far, well that's got nothing on Norma and Edie scene. now, the opening act so far, we got to kinda sorta confirmations with Norma, Nadine and eggs. so Nadine and Edie were still together, apparently. and since she woke up from her cheerleading phase, High School teen drama thing that happened that blew my theory that she might actually gone back to Mike somewhere in the interim period of time, blew that out. it seems like maybe they were kind of estranged, though. we didn't really see them together earlier in the season at all. and we only see her alone, probably in the office of her shop, or maybe at home. yeah, so you could see definitely that, you know, that strut down the street with the gold shovel was like, you know, she, she finally got over it. Edie, you are three. I say this every week, but patience. again, another scene where we get Edie just meditating, thinking of a world better than the one he's in right now. probably we get the moment that we've all been waiting for with Otis Redding. I've been. so the rest of that scene is Norma giving up her relationship with Walter in the franchise business of the Double R chain to maintain the original as is and then hookin up with it. and, you know, it's a great, heartwarming moment. it's really, you know, that moment. Shelly is the audience that scene, because first you think that, oh, is this a dream? is he making this up in their head? but the editor and David Lynch give us a moment with Shelly, just to give us a little bit confirmation that this might be real, at least right it's not all in big Ed's head. yes, it's all very optimistic. it's just about the only good thing that's happened in the town of Twin Peaks. [Music]. we also see Stephen and Gersten Hayward for the first time, and possibly the last time in a while. they're out in the woods. Stephen is borderline incoherent lately, whacked out on drugs and talking about suicide. after a dog walker disrupts their moment, Kirsten flees and we hear a gunshot. we don't see Stephen shoot himself, the little odd considering all of the explosive head gore we've seen this season. but if he is dead, it would give some insight into where we are in the timeline. I honestly had to turn on subtitles to understand half of his dialogue. I'm glad I did too, because even though I don't see much significance in it, Stephen saying, will I be with the rhinoceros, the lightning in the bottle? or will I be like completely turquoise? is some classically eerie twin peaks' dialogue. if anybody has a deeper reading on that, let us know in the comments - there is one thing that happens in the town of Twin Peaks that is potentially significant to the plot. yes? [Applause]. [Music]. no, no, no, not ZZ Top. we're talking about James and Freddie beginning some fisticuffs with Renee's boyfriend. husband, husband, I think. husband. Chuck, yeah, husband. she has a ring at one point. she also doesn't have a ring at another point. not getting into that. quick aside here, I don't think this is Charlie and Audrey's Chuck of Chuck and Tina, who may or may not have been at Megan's house when Billy showed up all bloody and was seen for the last time. those worlds are still not tangibly connected. Freddie promptly dispatches the two guys with his pile-driving green glove and lands the two of them in twin peaks' jail. of likely significance here is that Freddy is now with NATO, and was likely dispatched by the firemen to protect her. everybody who was worried about NATO safety last week to thinking like maybe Andi locked her up in a dangerous spot. well, now you got Freddy in there. even though Twin Peaks proper didn't advance the plot in this part, Frost and Lynch do jump us over to Las Vegas to wrap a few things up first. and I have to eat my hat on this one. last week I said, by the way, those two guys, they seem like maybe mildly more competent than the fusco brothers. we don't know. it's a motel. the FBI agents are clearly spinning their wheels. they brought in an entire family who were clearly the wrong people. at this point, it seems highly unlikely that at the end of 18 parts, the long arm of the law in Las Vegas will have figured anything out. why that might not matter, we'll get into a little later. meanwhile, also in Las Vegas, the two most competent hatchet woman and man in the series show up to dispatch the positively most incompetent hatchet man in the series. I'm gonna go on record saying, I feel sorry for Duncan Todd. guy was being manipulated, and who knows at what threat by mr. Cooper, with the misfortune of understanding just how dangerous and precarious his situation was. maybe his fear of Cooper kept him from making a single good decision. ever afterward, we get another excellent Tarantino ask criminals waxing philosophical moment. here, mark frost recalls the extermination of Native Americans significant to his novel, the secret history of Twin Peaks, as Hutchins Chantell reflect on the hypocrisy of state sanctioned murder. here, Chantelle also laments not being able to torture anyone in a long time. I feel like this may be the last time we see Chantelle and Hutch it. at the very least, it might be the last time we get any of this really delicious dialogue. yeah, I'm not sure just yet if it's gonna be Sean Hall's last scene, because he does say on the phone, one down, one more to go. these scenes, again, could be taken out of order, so that could be warden Murphy they're talking about, right? so we don't know. okay, I just want to get this out of the way before we get to the two Cooper's, because it's driving us all nuts. we have our third scene at the home of Audrey and Charlie. this time they are at the front damn door, so they don't get out of the house. the scene ends with Audrey angrily assaulting Charlie. at this point, we have to figure that one of the many theories out there has to be about right? we've got the comma, we've got Charlie as a therapist. we've got Charlie as a writer who's writing something about the Roadhouse. I'm leaning towards coma, but it could also just be a theater performance. what if they're all just performing, and then they have very end of it, they look at the camera, and then we get an audience just clapping. you know, honestly, I can see that. it's an isolated set. it's in a single house. it's like a Mamet Eska type thing. and now my favorite part of every recap, Dougie Jones, our weekly check-in with dougie Jones. and here's the big question, is this our last weekly check-in with dougie Jones? we got a comment right before the episode from Illuminati me on Twitter, who says, I'm dead set that tonight will prove if dougie stays dougie for the rest of the series. at this point, I would love nothing more at part 16 opens up at a funeral for dougie Jones. I'd also like to slip in here a little wingnut theory I have going right now, which is that Jani E and sonny jim, are actually mrs. Tremont and her grandson. so that once dougie is shocked out of dougie and he becomes Dale again, he finds he's in like, a totally different place, like it's, it's not the same family. it's not the same people. Naomi Watts is gone. sure, it starts innocently enough, like many dougie scenes before it, opening with dougie eating and Janie E talking about how happy she is with their marriage. after Janie leaves, Dougie turns on the TV, which is showing Billy Wilder's Sunset Boulevard. and then this happens. after maybe being partially awakened by the name of his former commander, dougie proceeds to crawl to a light socket and, well, [Music], sure, just bring them back. I don't give a damn how you bring them back. at this point, is Dale back? was it Sunset Boulevard? I mean, it wasn't cherry pie, it wasn't coffee, it wasn't taking out like the spike. it wasn't getting the Twin Peaks or seeing any of the people he used to know. it was a clip from Sunset Boulevard. Gordon Cole, finally, let's check in with mr. C and his journey to the Dutchman's, aka the convenience store. it seems very likely that the Dutchman's was code for the world above the convenience store. Dutchman's could stand for the flying Dutchman's ship. it was a legendary go ship that can never make it to port and is doomed to sail the oceans forever. mr. C is looking for Phillip Jefferies. I'm looking for Phillip Jefferies. we see the same room from fire walk with me that was in Laura's dream. and this might be the same woodsman who sat at his post years ago in fire walk with me. he activates an electrical generator, and the jumpy man returns for a brief moment. now, reddit points out that the scene with the jumping man and the face is turning. there's a quick shots everywhere in there, and one of them is Sarah Palmer. now a lot of people think there's also Leland in there, or David Bowie, but if you keep slowing it down and looking at your frame by frame, it's actually a bunch of different people's faces changing. so it's not just two people, or it's not just Sarah. it might be a few more. so I don't know where they're going with that just yet, but they definitely have Sarah's face in there. mr. C has then led through another corridor to the stairs we saw in Gordon Cole's vision in South Dakota where Hastings and Davenport were murdered. at the top of the stairs, there's a short hallway that leads to a door, which mr. C opens onto a motel parking lot. now this is the red Diamond City motel from fire walk with me, where Leland almost sleeps with Theresa run net and his daughter Laura, and where, when he flees, he crosses the jumpring Tremont kid. mr. C goes to a corner room. but physically, this is not the same room that Leland stayed in with Teresa banks. that's actually on the other side of the parking lot. he proceeds into the motel room where the lights flicker, and then the wall sort of slides away and reveals a white Lodge esque, room sized heater or ventilation device. some have called it a tea kettle. there is a telltale Lynch spotlight illuminating the steam that emanates the thing. Jeffery's it looks like we're going to find out who judy is once and for all. very Singh, who is Judy? does Judy want something from me? Jeffries gets mr. see some coordinates that seem to be the same ones at the FBI pulled off a Ruth Davenport's body a few parts back. now, my heart still says it could be major Briggs, aka Judy Garland. but I feel like this kind of confirms they're gonna show somebody. and it may not be an inanimate object such as a kettle or a tree. it could be a real human this time. so if that's the case, then I'm gonna go with Sarah Palmer, I'm with you. I can see Sarah Palmer. it makes sense that she wanted to be back with Bob again. yeah, she could have been the one that called mr. C earlier in the season, for all we know. and that's kind of interesting too, because maybe lends to this idea that, you know, the dark forces in the world or have just been scattered just about as much as the good forces, and they're just trying to get back together. yeah, like Martha the bomb exploded. it's like getting Bob back to the mother. yeah. it could be mother experiment jumping man, using Sarah as a vessel to talk to mr. C, for all we know, to get him back. who is this? okay, everyone, who do you think Judy is? in the comments section below. is it major Briggs? is it Laura Palmer? or is it Sarah Palmer, or someone else entirely different? let us know in the comments section below. oh, Linda. where the [ __ ] is Linda? so, after sort of taking a phone call in the motel room that transports him out to the front of the convenience store, mr. Cooper is confronted by Richard horn. and Richard recognizes him from photographs that belong to his mom. Audrey Horne, now, mr. C quickly disarms him and tells him to never threaten him again, and then get in the truck. I think we're about to see that father-son roadtrip that we've been waiting for. now, I just want to pick up a couple of small details on the back side of talking about mr. c1, he says to Jeffries, are you the one who called me five days ago? that places this moment squarely in space and time for the timeline of things. the phone call was, of course, from the motel room, way at the beginning of the season. right after mr. C throws Richard into the car, he sends his text message Las Vegas to Diane. now, she received that text message a few parts ago, and that gives us another sort of angle of what the space and time relationship is. it kind of helps out a little bit, because I think now we can tell that the events moving forward are starting to converge a little bit, even if the timelines are a little wonky in all the parts. it also helps answer the question of how Diane had the coordinates and didn't communicate them to mr. C. yes. and it turns out that she got the coordinates on the same night that he got the coordinates, the way that Phillip Jeffery said, you are, Cooper? I'm, I'm still kind of on this thing that like, good Dale, bad Dale is like, almost like this an interpretation his soul, or his mine. he has something there, because he does remember things from Dale, because Dale, the real Dale Cooper, was in that scene in 1989, right? not bad deal, right? we think exactly. but, right. and so there is a, there is still Dale in Cooper, you can tell too that, you know, compared to how what a like loose cannon wingnut Lee, when Palmer was with bobbin and Dale Cooper with Bob and him is calculating, still intelligent, still inquisitive, still trying to figure things out. yeah, it's, it's still Cooper. lastly, we want to give a farewell to a character we're going to miss dearly. from Twin Peaks. [Music], don't let your love [Music], no, no, no, we're talking about the law lady. I've never seen anything like this before. it was meta. it was touching. it was beautiful. the lights go out at the very end, and the beautiful bottle of mint tea score. yeah, it was gorgeous. okay, now we got a few Easter eggs and comments to go to. I really like this one. mark frost, the co-creator of Twin Peaks and author of Twin Peaks the return, shows up in a little cameo. nope, nope. secret history God. mark frost, the co-creator of Twin Peaks and author of the secret history of Twin Peaks, shows up as the dog walker in the forest with the Steven and Kirsten scene. another one I really liked was that, you know, this episode didn't end with a road house number, and instead we had credits rolling over the red diamond Motel. and right at the end, you can see the creepy bosomy woman standing just in the darkness in the garage or the shed, or whatever that is. is that Judy or Linda? it's Linda. it's got to be Linda. we got it. Linda boom, died. another little detail, and I know it isn't exactly like an easter egg, but a little moment was in the empty conference room before we find out that Margaret is dead, is the, is the moment where sheriff Truman is sitting there looking at like low-res, maybe clip art pictures of fish. what the hell was he doing in the dark? in the dark, just insight into the psyche of sheriff Truman, just clicking away. okay, cool. I think Wally Brando had a good read on him. and finally, you might have noticed the music in this episode was from ZZ Top and Otis Redding. well, David Lynch gave an interview to Spin Magazine back in 2013 where he said, I love ZZ Top. they're one of my all-time great groups. the new album I'm really wild about. I love Jimi Hendrix. and when he played Monterey Pop and saying, Wild Thing, that was an unbelievable moment. I saw it on a VHS tape. in that same tape I saw Otis Redding perform, I've been loving you. I cried several times. I couldn't believe how beautiful it was. that's pretty cool, actually, that he was talking about them sort of at the same time, and then years later, they get woven into the same episode. okay, let's grab a couple comments from last week. resisting. one on YouTube asked, what if Twin Peaks return is just a series of dreams and hallucinations by, hi, Jerry horn, in the woods. it wouldn't be the most satisfying ending. it's better still, than Audrey in a coma. and this is all a dream. but still, I don't know. okay, yeah, I'll take Jerry horn. hi. over Audrina coma. Ian's Boothby on YouTube said, it feels like the fireman speaks to everyone in a way they'd understand. for the British guy, like a superhero origin story. for Dale, he talks to him like it's a mystery. for Andy, basically a picture book. you know, actually really like that observation he did, because we were talking a line of [ __ ] last week about how is it that the fireman gave really clear instructions to Freddie and then everyone else? it's got to be like some kind of mind the sonic Raven on YouTube, rights, I'm pretty sure that Sarah Palmer has been possessed by the mother. she, of course, is the mother of Laura Palmer. however, she also shows up in the same episode and is shown to be dangerous. she is so powerful NIDA would need to be locked up to be protected. and Andy must have seen a glimpse in his trip to the lodge also clearly, the Palmers are very susceptible to possession. I agree. I think there's something possessing her, that's for damn sure. but we don't know if it's mother experiment or now jumping man. for all we know, it definitely feels like we're building to Sarah Palmer being the center of the blackness in Twin Peaks, or whatever is in her kitchen. Linda Judy, okay, everyone. that's it for us over here. make sure to hit us up in the comments section if we missed anything down below. and as always, you can hit us up on Twitter. our handles are in the description. later, guys, 