hey, what's up guys. explanation pro is here. today i'll explain a war drama film title unbroken. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. the movie unbroken is set during the events of world war ii. the story centers around the struggle for survival of an olympic athlete turned soldier named lewis. louis zamporini, in the hands of the japanese army. the movie opens with a bombing mission on a japanese-occupied island. louis is the bombardier, or the one that handles the bombing operations of the b-24 plane. as they are approaching the island, they are met with resistance from the japanese. but despite of this, louis is able to target their bases and drop the bombs. however, as a result of the earlier battle, the b-24 plane is damaged. luckily, the pilot, phil, is skilled enough to land the plane, despite being too fast to land on the runway, suffering only an exploded tire in the process. in a flashback, we can see that the young louis is a misbehaving boy from torrance, california. he steals, drinks and smokes other kids pick on him because of his italian heritage, calling him names alluding to his nationality. after defending himself from the other kids, the young louis gets caught by a policeman who promptly delivers louie to his house. there he gets scolded and punished for what he had done while running away from someone. his brother pete, sees how fast louis could actually run. because of this, pete urges louis to be a runner. at first, louis is hesitant, but after being reassured by his brother that he believes in him, louis accepts and trains to become a runner. growing up, louis becomes the fastest high school runner in america during that time, earning him the nickname the torrance tornado. because of this, he becomes one of the representative athletes for the summer olympics in berlin. while he only ends up in eighth place during that event, louis still manages to set a record in the race's final lap. back at home, louie's family, listening through the radio, cheers for this achievement. back to the present, louis continues his training by running alongside a jeep. his training gets stopped when they get assigned to another mission, but this time it involves rescuing however, the plane they are using for that mission is made up of spare parts and as therefore unstable. this instability of the plane becomes apparent when the engines of the plane fail mid-flight. as a result, the plane crashes down to the sea, and only louis, phil and another soldier named max survive the crash. while aboard two inflatable boats. the other soldier, mack, pessimistically believes that they are going to die, but louis reassures him that they will be rescued eventually by the americans. they manage it first, but when resources start to dwindle, the three struggles to survive in the seemingly endless ocean. when their food got depleted, they have to rely on catching their food, which includes a seagull, a fish and eventually a shark. and after surviving a storm, their water gets refilled by the rain. after a long time floating in the ocean, the three eventually cut the attention of a plane. but the plane is actually from the japanese army. the plane fires at them, but they survive the ordeal. however, their inflatable boats are damaged by the encounter. after a few more days, mack dies. afterward, they are finally rescued by a ship, but it is from the japanese army. they become prisoners of war. imprisoned on an island, louis and phil get interrogated by the japanese about the americans newer plane models and bomb sites. louis answers that they have been using old models of planes and radios. after extracting information from them, the japanese eventually dragged them to the middle of the base and ordered the two to strip down. seeing a japanese sword, louis thinks they are about to be executed. instead, they get washed by cold water. they are shipped instead to another camp in japan. upon arriving in japan, louie and phil get separated from each other. louis then ends up at a prison camp in omori. at the camp, the officers are separated from the soldiers. the commanding officer of the camp, corporal matsuhiro watanabe, beats up louis with a stick, resulting in a bleeding nose. wadanabe then orders the newly arrived prisoners of war to quarantine until the night. that night, louis meets and talks to commander fitzgerald, as well as other soldiers there. their nickname for wat nabi is the bird, because watanabe apparently listens to them and will kill them if he hears about other unflattering nicknames. the next day, the prisoners are made to bow to the japanese flag and afterward promptly dismissed. in the winter time, during a routine exercise, watanabe tells the prisoners that there are talented men among them, one of which is the olympic athlete louis. wadanabe then initiates a race between louis and a japanese soldier. due to exhaustion and starvation, louis loses the race and gets hit by watanabe as a result. later that night, louis learns from fitzgerald that the allies are gaining ground in the war, having just invaded the marshall islands. louis smiles at the news. the next day, watanabe discovers a shredded piece of a map that indicates saipan. watanabe sadistically beats the man who owns them with a stick. this event infuriates louis, who tells fitzgerald that he will kill watanabe. but fitzgerald urges him to think about staying alive until the end of the war, because that is how they will win against the japanese. after a short while, louis gets attacked by watanabe for no reason, while the other prisoners sleep in their bunker. one day, louis gets told that he is officially pronounced dead in america. after watanabe mockingly allows louis to announce to his family that he is alive, he is immediately taken to a radio station. there, louis tells his family that he is alive and well as a prisoner of war in tokyo. he then wishes them a merry christmas and a happy new year. afterward, while eating in a fine dining restaurant, he gets approached again by the men that brought him to talk to the radio. the men want him again to speak to the radio, but this time what he will say is scripted. louis refuses their offer because what it says about his country is false. the men insist by telling him that other former prisoners of war also did it before, and now they live comfortably. louis refuses again, and he is brought back to the camp. as a result. back at the camp, watanabe smiles at the returning louie, telling him that they are both strong and could have been friends, if only they were not enemies. wadanabe then tells the other prisoners to teach louis about respect by punching him one by one. fitzgerald, the first in the line, initially refuses the order, but upon seeing that one of the prisoners will get beat up instead, louis urges fitzgerald. when louis sees a soldier hesitating to punch him, he shouts at him to hit him. this punching spree lasted the whole day. afterward, during a theater production of cinderella, watanabe approaches louis from the audience. sitting beside him. watanabe informs louis of good news. he had just been promoted. the bad news, according to wadanabe, is that he is leaving the camp. he then wants louis to congratulate him, but louis answers nothing but silence. that night, they celebrate watanabe's exit from the camp. however, that night, the allies also conduct an air raid in the nearby city and areas. while the prisoners are extinguishing the flames caused by the air raid, one of them tells the others to not get excited about the ally's arrival. he tells them that he had overheard the japanese having a kill all order against the prisoners if the allies win the war. this news tears the men. the following day, the prisoners are immediately transported to another prison camp. while marching through the city, they see the devastation caused by the air rape last night. after being transported in a train, the prisoners arrive at a new camp where they witness men carrying large baskets of coal in their backs. while standing in a row, louis sees a familiar figure and collapses in his nabi. now a sergeant informs them, as the commanding officer, that they are now in nawazu prison camp, telling them that their job there is to work on the coal barges. he also tells them that if they stop working, the prisoners will be executed that night. in their new barracks, the prisoners are visibly demoralized by watanabe's return in their lives. louis immediately notices the harsh condition of this new prison camp. at one point, while climbing the stairs and carrying a basket full of coals, a prisoner behind him collapses in exhaustion and falls from the stairs. while doing their work in a boat, watanabe halts the prisoner's operation to announce disheartening news. president roosevelt has just died. one of the prisoners falls to his knees and cries out of hopelessness. after a few days, while transferring coals from one place to another, louis gets pushed from a high place and breaks his leg. louis rides in pain while his fellow prisoners cannot help but only watch it as agony. that night, louis gets asked by his fellow prisoner if he is all right, but louis does not answer his question. the next day, out of exhaustion from doing his work, louis stops getting to rest, but the officer sees him and immediately takes him in front of giant metal bars. as punishment, watanabe orders him to pick one up and lift it above his head, which louis does. watanabe then cruelly tells the guards to shoot louis if he drops the metal bar. everyone in the camp witnessed louie's display of strength and courage under the scorching sun. watanabe, the guards and his fellow prisoners. under their breath, the prisoners cheer for louis, perhaps thinking that louis will immediately drop it due to exhaustion. watanabe has an expression of uneasiness on his face while waiting for the metal bar to drop. louie, his eyes staring intently at wadanabe, lifts the bar higher while shouting in defiance toward watnabe. the prisoners get encouraged as they see this inhuman feat. wadanabe slowly becomes furious, telling louis to stop looking at him. but louis continues staring at him, embarrassed by what he thought would be an easy execution. watanabe attacks louis after beating him up. watanabe falls to his knees in exhaustion, seeing that everyone had watched what had transpired. watanabe shouts at them to continue their work. on the other hand, louie is left on the spot where he had been beaten up, laying there unconscious, until the night after that, an officer announces to the prisoners that the war is finally over. to celebrate the end of the war, the officer invites them to take a bath in the nearby river. the prisoners immediately think their end has arrived, because they thought their executions would be conducted in the river. however, after getting there, an american bomber plane passes them, confirming that the war is truly over. the prisoners celebrate in the river, while the japanese guards that overlook them remove the bayonets from their guns. supplies immediately arrive in the camp, which the liberated prisoners promptly and happily take canned goods, magazines, chocolates and cigarettes, among others. but while the prisoners are celebrating their freedom, louis climbs to the tower where watanabe's office resides. he sees that watanabe is already gone, his room already cleaned up, leaving behind only his cane and a picture of watanabe and his father. upon arriving home, louis immediately kisses the ground. the crowd happily claps at him, emerging from the crowd, he finally sees his family after so many years. at the end of the movie, the story continues in pictures and movies. louis gets married after the war and had two children. he also converts to christianity. phil also survives the war and gets married himself, remaining friends with louis. on the other hand, watanabe went into hiding after many years, but was eventually pardoned by the u.s government. louis decides to forgive watanabe and other officers, even after what happened, due to his faith. but watanabe is the only one who refused to see him. the movie ends with a video of louis, now an 80 years old man, running with torch in hand at tokyo, fulfilling his olympian dream. thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and also subscribe my channel for more videos like this. see you in the next video. 