this man had been sleeping in the suspension chambers for 500 years. when he woke up, he discovered that the earth had a big change. the whole city became devastated. the leaning building had to be tied up with a rope. broken bridge that no one repaired. each car crashed under the bridge. this movie, idiocracy, won 8 oscars. it turned out that humans now have an extremely low iq. smart people have gone extinct. the story happened 500 years ago. people with a high iq do not want to have children. and those with low iq, on the other hand, give birth a lot. this makes the iq of humanity increasingly low. so the government started the hibernation plan. they froze people with high iqs into the chambers to prevent the iq of people from receding. the male protagonist, joe, is an american soldier. he is honored to be selected as the first group of the experiment. along with him was a girl named rita. the two quickly ran the experiment. they fell into real hibernation. but the test is not favorable. not long after the two were hibernating, the person in charge of this experiment was arrested by the military on corruption charges. the lab was also demolished, because this experiment is completely confidential. the two people suspension chambers had been left in the rubble. 500 years have passed. the laboratory, in the past has become a giant mountain of waste. the cans finally fell. the mountains of trash collapsed, and the city fell. joe's suspension chamber was also pushed into frito's house. the door was accidentally opened, and joe woke up. he was still in his dream state when he was suddenly thrown out by frito. joe looked at the dilapidated street, puzzled inside. he wanted to find someone to ask, but nobody said. it was clear they look really stupid. joe felt a headache, so he went to a hospital. but the doctor here cannot distinguish the devices. he even put the wrong device in joe's mouth. joe hurriedly found the [ __ ] to rinse his mouth. but the water in the running tap is soda. he just knew from the magazine he slept for 500 years. now that he understood the whole earth was occupied by idiots. since joe had no idea in this era, he was arrested by the police. the judge handled the case like an idiot that worried so deeply. he also discovered that his defense lawyer is frito. not only did he not defend joe, but he also accused joe of two serious crimes. the two crimes are spontaneously breaking into people's homes and bothering others to watch television. so joe was found guilty and sent to do an iq test. joe, who heard the problem, frowned. the problem is, if there are two liters of water in the first pail, the second has five liters, how many pails are there in total? joe frowned and replied with lack of confidence. [Music], he can't believe that after 500 years, humans will be the stupid. joe had just been sent to prison when a daring idea came up. he went directly to the prison guard and said that his prison term had ended. today is the day he was released from prison. after listening, the prison guard raised his hand and pointed the way out for him. this is probably the funniest prison escape in history. then joe went to find frito. he told joe there was a time machine in this era. joe tricked frito into taking him away. on the way, they meet rita. she just woke up. joe put rita in the car, but having not found a time machine, they were chased by the police. frito's car quickly ran out of power. three people gash off the car to run. the police chasing the place immediately tried to attack frito's car. even the policemen even used a rocket gun to shoot missiles, but shot backwards, hit a jet flying in the sky. in the end, joe could not get on the subway and was arrested by the police. but this time he was not sent to prison, but taken to the white house. the iq test the day before showed that joe was the smartest person in the world, so the president wants to use him. when joe got to the white house, he found that the official here was very different. the energy minister is a kid. this position was won by the gambler. he won. the defense minister is a fat guy. the attorney general is a plump woman. the education minister is an idiot. the president is different. he fell five times. so he won the championship and took the presidency. the president gives him the impossible job of fixing the nationwide food shortages tell him to solve the farmer problem. if the settlement is not completed, joe will be sent to see god to preserve his life. joe reluctantly agreed. he goes to find frito. asks frito to draw a map to find the time machine. he and rita pretended to survey the farm. in essence, they are trying to run away to find a time machine. but joe didn't expect frito's map to be so confusing. when the two returned, joe discovered that these idiots used soda to water the fields. after a while of investigation, water in this era has been completely replaced by soda. in 2505, everyone used soda for everything. they used soda to wash the car and water the field, and they only use water to flush the toilet. then joe ordered to use water to fertilize instead of using soda. but this action of him pleaded guilty to the soda corporation because he caused a dramatic decrease in the consumption of soda. half of the employees were laid off, and there was a great riot. the fields are irrigated with water, but still do not grow joe was arrested again. in prison, rita came to visit him. she asked him why he didn't continue to use the previous method to escape prison. joe said helplessly, to calm the people down. the police escorted joe to the scene to be fined. joe drives the wreckage and has to deal with two tanks equipped with enough propulsion. but joe has the advantage of intelligence. joe kicked the accelerator, took advantage of the iron chain at his feet, completely eliminated the two opponents. but before he was happy, the next opponent with powerful weapons appeared. the audience started cheering loudly. during an emergency, joe took the nick to give a very emotional speech. but these idiots don't understand what he is saying. joe is in a difficult situation at this moment. the big screen suddenly appeared a seed. it turned out that he'd spotted a seat sprouting outside the white house. she took it and passed it on the screen. at the scene, joe is rescued. the president delegates the position of vice president to him. joe later learned that the time machine frito scent, was just a time wheel in the amusement park. finally, joe decided to give up, wanting to go back to the past. he safely stayed in this world as vice president. he wholeheartedly led people to restore the glorious days of mankind before at the end of the film, joe takes office as president. rita becomes the first lady of the white house. they have three smartest children in the world. frito also became vice president, but he gave birth to 32 of the world's stupidest children. 