today i'm going to explain a drama music film called black snake moan. this story features the unlikely matchup of a wildly promiscuous and erratic young woman and a beaten down man with nothing but god and music in his life. with these two strange people meeting while they're at rock bottom, they can either dig themselves deeper and deeper into their sordid misery, or they can help each other climb out of the hellhole life's forced them into. spoilers ahead, watch out and take care. one thing that people just love saying is that real change can only come from the inside. and unfortunately, this isn't just another crappy greeting card quote. it's true. people can be at the shining light amidst the darkness in your life, but it's still on you if you're going to let the light in or shut the blinds. and for rey, her life's been a bleak darkness for as long as she could remember. rey hooks up with ronnie inside a trailer. when they finish, ronnie sits by a table breathing heavily. ray notices this and checks on him, but he rushes to the bathroom to vomit. there. rey holds him, telling him that he's gonna be okay. ronnie walks outside to tell his friend gil that he needs a ride. gil then takes ronnie's things, while ronnie approaches rey, reminding her to trade her cough. ignoring him, ray snaps that their relationship isn't going to work. stopping her, ronnie gives her a watch that matches his, so that they'll always be thinking of each other. whenever the watch beeps, rey could only cry while ronnie tells her how much he loves her. and with that, ronnie leaves to join the army. as gil and ronnie leave, ray tries chasing after them, but the truck speeds up. this leaves her falling to the ground, worrying for ronnie's life. suddenly, rey grabs her stomach and legs in pain. later that day, rey hooks up with tyrone, a local drug dealer. after they finish, rey asks him for some money, but tyrone refuses, and she isn't an escort. but rey insists on it. tyrone then insults her, provoking ray to try to slap him. but he grabs her, asking if she wants to play rough after saying that she doesn't. she asks him to let her go. tyrone obliges, then drives right to town. the pain that comes with watching the person you love leave for the army is unfathomable. ronnie may be a brave man, but rey must have found him extremely stupid to go and risk his life for the country. then again, rey makes an extremely stupid and reprehensible decision herself. she could have done dozens of things to keep her busy and content while running is away, work somewhere, get a hobby, make friends, anything but hooking up with the biggest guy in town. still, ray did just that, and she sells herself off like she never knew what the meaning of love was. as she walks through town, people try talking to her, but she only stops when she's passed by her mother sandy. after a while, sandy offers ray some help before ray leaves her home. that night, rey attends a party where one of her friends asks about ronnie. still mad, rey answers that he doesn't care about her and he chose to leave despite her begging him not to. a few minutes later, rey coughs hard, so her friend jess checks on her. ray says she's okay. and jess offers her a drink. as she happily accepts, she spots gill nearby. then when jess talks to some guy, ray approaches them and asks for some drugs. pain makes us do the sorriest things to ourselves. people can go through life dealing with pain in their own misguided ways until they die without ever knowing what they should have done. is there even a right way to hurt? all we know is that if there is a wrong way, then rey is doing it. she's just trying to get used wasted, anything that will keep her from feeling the pain inside her after ronnie left. meanwhile, lazarus speaks to rl about his ex-wife, telling him that he never hurt her, even while he was drinking. arl then invites lazarus to pray, asking the lord for strength and understanding. after that, lazarus enters a restaurant to meet his ex-wife, rose. the two of them talk about how rose is about to leave with her new man, deke, but lazarus cuts her off, saying that he didn't agree to meet up with her just to talk about her new life with deak. rose tells lazarus that she wants to feel young and that there's more to do in life. lazarus tries telling her that their marriage just needs to heal, but rose tells him straight up that she doesn't love him anymore. hearing this, a heartbroken lazarus stares blankly at the table, digesting rose's words. when rose stands up, lazarus grabs her and tells her to ask god for forgiveness for what she has done to him. she frees herself from him, then announces to him and everyone else inside that she doesn't care about them before leaving. later that day, lazarus pays lincoln, a boy helping him out, then invites him to his house to give him some beans for his family. when lazarus arrives home, he climbs on his tractor and drives his front yard, staring at a small garden built for rose. then as he takes a hit off of his cigarette, lazarus runs over the garden while looking on in satisfaction. speaking of pain, here's another person completely engulfed by agony. but how lazarus chooses to deal with his pain is a little different. he wants to take things slow and try to piece things back together until they're whole again. but his wife is wanting to move on to greener pastures, which she sadly doesn't see in lazarus. he tries to move on with his life by destroying his wife's garden. it's better than punching walls and breaking plates, for sure. lazarus listens to the two talk for a while before bo mentions lazarus's musical past. afterwards, beau tells lazarus that he trusts him to keep calm inside the bar, before they spot deke walking to the counter. deke then approaches his brother lazarus, saying that he wants to make peace with him before leaving with rose. lazarus doesn't believe a single word from him, and quips that he can't help ease dek's heart. deak then tells his brother that he loves him. but this only angus lazarus. he smashes his bottle against the counter before pinning deek against the billiards table. lazarus demands deke to tell him that he loves him again. as he smashes his bottle besides zeke's head, cutting his hand in the process. seeing his wound, lazarus smear some blood onto deke's face before exiting the bar. in a lot of cases, a stranger stealing another man's wife is basically signing his own death sentence. but deke lazarus's own flesh and blood just took it to a whole other level. as if the phrase, brothers before others doesn't mean a thing. his and rosa's despicability aside, he's also a complete idiot, forever thinking about making peace with lazarus. he's just lucky that he has a brother who isn't as crazy as he is. as for rey, she's still at the party. she's playing football with some guys, before she moves to the side to take rest, looking like she's about to faint. suddenly, one of the guys takes advantage of her and hooks up with her. after finishing, he leaves. rey passes out there. later, a dazed and woozy ray wakes up as gil finds her, offering to take her home on the road. gill suddenly stops to confront her about hooking up with tyrone. gill appears to be angry for ronnie, only to try to make a move on her. rey laughs, telling gill that his manhood isn't even half of tyrones insulted. gail punches right immediately, knocking her out. he proceeds to kick her out of his truck, leaving her on the road. her watch beeps at the same time as ronnie's, who looks at his he thinks about ray as he moves closer to the war. if you look up the word scumbag in the dictionary, gil's face would probably take up about half the page, so there's still enough room for deacon rose. gill is a pathetic man desperate for any form of validation in his life. and with what he did to rey, it basically explained why he's not getting any. in the morning, rl calls lazarus, saying that he knows about what happened last night between him and deak. rl tells lazarus that the people are there for him, and that he should only make himself present. lazarus agrees, then hangs up the phone and walks outside to throw away some garbage. when he finishes cleaning up, he notices rey's beaten body outside. so he immediately runs and gets her inside. as he lays her on the couch, he tries asking her questions, but rey only mutters tyrone's name. still trying to make sense of what rey said, lazarus drives to town to buy her medicine. meanwhile, back at lazarus is home, a man appears to visit rey, tearing her underwear off while getting a lighter close to her. but he suddenly disappears when ray crawls through the floor after being at the pharmacy. lazarus makes his way to tyrone. when they meet, lazarus describes rey, then asks if he's ever gotten with her. and tyrone asks who hasn't, according to him, if rey has a spare minute, she'll snatch up anybody. tyrone then explains that he doesn't like being rough with her, and since she's in his favor, anyone who messes with her has to deal with him. he goes on to mention that she has a sickness that has her addicted to hooking up, leaving lazarus surprised as he realizes that it wasn't tyrone who hurt her. lazarus is a good man, that much has been obvious from the get-go. but his kindness runs especially deep, and it shows with how he goes above and beyond with trying to help rey. he's not just nursing her back to health. he's also trying to figure out who's at the bottom of this to help her. and through his exchange with tyrone, it also becomes clear that there's still some care and respect at play in his odd relationship with rey. and they say chivalry is dead. when lazarus gets back home, he's surprised to find rey on the floor. he approaches her and realizes that she has a high fever. he then reassures her that he'll take care of her. when suddenly, ray kisses him before screaming like a possessed woman, afraid, lazarus grabs his bible and runs outside. as rey wails inside his house, calming himself down, lazarus walks back inside and prepares an ice bath for rey to break her fever. later that night, rey is in a daze as she crawls out of lazarus house, crying and screaming for ronnie. lazarus calls ray's attention, asking her to get inside. but rey panics and tries to run away. lazarus easily catches her and brings her inside to lay her back on the couch. ray tells lazarus that he could sleep with her, but lazarus sings her to sleep instead. after that, lazarus takes him change from his shed and ties rey up with that. he plays as a guitar and sings the night away. with all the high octane events that had transpired for rey and lazarus, ending the night with a song almost seems like the most absurd thing that could have happened, with how normal and warming the gesture is. the next day, rey wakes up and asks how long she was out. lazarus tells her that it's been two days and that she's only been waking up in spells. when asked about who beat her, rey ignores lazarus, only asking about ronnie. she quickly remembers that he's gone. so she thanks him for taking care of her, then tries to leave. lazarus tries stopping her, but as ray stands, she sees the chain attached to her. agitated, rey asks lazarus what he's been doing to her and why she's trained up after promising that he never laid a hand on her. lazarus explains that she can only leave when he believes she's ready. ray tries telling him that he could just sleep with her, but lazarus stops her, insisting that he aims to cure her from her wickedness. now, panicking right calls him a jesus freak who wants to screw the spirit into her. she then pushes lazarus off and runs outside, screaming for help. however, the chain keeps her from going any further. lazarus follows and urges her to come back into the house. she eventually submits and returns inside, quickly finishing some food lazarus gave her. as sweet and nice as lazarus is, he really needs to give out warnings before tying and chaining someone up while they're unconscious. this easily takes off any warning flags in rey's mind. and just waking up to this state after being out cold for two days, is enough to have anyone praying to all existing deities, and maybe some made-up ones too. though lazarus truly means well for rey. he looks like a complete lunatic with nothing but questionable intentions. later that afternoon, after walking along a field, lazarus and rey talk while he cleans her wounds. lazarus then mentions change emphasizing that she should start changing her ways when it comes to sleeping with other men. as lazarus continues to preach passionately about rey's need for repentance, he starts gripping her tighter, making rey kick him away. surprised, lazarus stands up and gives ray a glass of water, apologizing for his behavior. as he gets her the glass, ray tries to seduce him again, but lazarus walks away and leaves. afterwards, rey rests on the couch and tries freeing herself again. as she twirls around, the chains only surround her more. eventually she falls asleep, while rey can't see it. lazarus only means to save her from eternal damnation. and although he's dealing this in a preacher-like way, this eternal damnation also translates to having your life on earth being completely screwed up. throughout lazarus's life, everything seemed like a failure as he constantly faced trials that tested his faith and values to his limits. now that he has found rey, lazarus sees her as a second chance to do some good in this world. and he's desperate to see this through the next day, lazarus drives into town to pick up some clothes for rey before heading to the pharmacy. inside, lazarus speaks to the pharmacist angela, and repays her for helping with ray by giving her some gifts before returning home. meanwhile, back at lazarus house, rey wakes up and tries escaping again, but fails. she then smokes a cigarette and waits for lazarus to arrive. suddenly, lincoln drops by lazarus's house to ask for some beans. rey hears this and considers this to be her chance to escape. as she approaches the door, she remembers the man from her vision, making her move away. with lincoln entering the house, rey sees him and immediately removes her top, then walks to lincoln and kisses him. outside, lazarus arrives, catching lincoln and rey as he opens the door. lazarus then kicks lincoln out, before rl suddenly arrives as well, asking how lazarus is. lazarus turns him down, telling aryl to leave and threatening him with a gun. aurel calls lazarus bluff and grabs the gun away from him, promising that he's always been there for lazarus. as lazarus sighs, he lets rl peek inside the house, and he's surprised to see a half-naked rage chained up there. children some might think that these innocent little things are god's greatest gift to the world, but there are just times when the devil works extra hard to sway them off. all lincoln wanted was some beans for his family, but his rival at lazarus house gave him a bone to go with them. r-l then asks lazarus if he's crazy, and tells him that he's aware of the rumors surrounding rey. to this, lazarus insists that rey just needs to talk to someone with some sense. reluctantly accepting this, rl enters lazarus home to meet rey. she asks rl if he's a preacher, before asking why god would forgive someone who hurts others and then let them into heaven. rl tells her that people talk too much about heaven, thinking that it's easy to get in, saying that he also sins that there's evil in the world. when he has no one else to talk to, he talks to god, asking for strength and forgiveness so that he could do good for the rest of his days, rather than just praying to enter heaven. aurel then asks rey what her heaven is sniffling, rey tells him that it's ronnie. while lazarus is an understanding man, arl is on a completely different level. he maintains his composure and treats rey without judgment. and sometimes that's really all you need in life, rey, especially seeing as she's in the throes of pain and misery, and being without ronnie only magnifies that. back in town, a bus comes up as ronnie walks down and spots gail's truck by a bar. ronnie enters the bar to meet gil, who's surprised to see ronnie. suddenly, one of the patrons, hermann, mentions how people from the army only come home if they went through a dishonorable discharge. angered, ronnie tries to get to her and curse him, but gill stops ronnie. gill then asks herman to leave before asking ronnie why he's back so soon. ronnie tells him that he was sent home for having severe anxiety caused by loud noises making him unable to shoot. gill lightly jokes about it, but ronnie ignores gill and asks for rey. bill nervously tells him that she's around, but is still worried. ronnie asks gil if he'll tell him more if he knew anything. however, gil just stares back at him. ronnie must be extremely disappointed in himself. imagine training for months on end and deciding to dedicate your life to serving the army, only to be sent home for having severe anxiety. and anxiety is one hell of a war in on itself. now that he's lost his career as a soldier, all ronnie wants to do is come home to his beloved ray alas things are clearly more complicated than before. later that night, as music plays on, lazarus sets up dinner, while rey enters the room wearing her new dress. he compliments her before asking her if she can cook anything. she then starts complaining about her chain and how she feels like a dog inside the house. but lazarus tries calming her, saying that he knows that there's good inside of her. he then asks her to boil some water, which she does. soon aryl and lincoln join them, and they pray together before eating. after finishing up at the bar, ronnie and guild head to ray's house, finding no one inside. frustrated, ronnie punches the fridge before gill sits him down to calm him. with ronnie now shutting up about rey, gill gets annoyed. he snaps at ronnie, asserting that he had a plan for himself before he ruined it when he met rey back in high school. ronnie defensor, telling him that they supported each other no matter what. gill continues to scream at ronnie, but he keeps insisting that rey has changed and that she's faithful to him. gil then tells ronnie how rey gives herself to men every time ronnie is away, before adding that he doesn't even know ronnie anymore. soon enough, a tearful ronnie bursts rushing to gill and fights him. with ronnie pinning gill to the wall, he points a gun at him, then throws him outside. after stealing the keys to his truck, he continues looking for rey. for some reason, gil is trying to be a so-called friend to ronnie. while he's not wrong about rey, he's clearly a hypocrite who isn't actually trying to look out for ronnie in his relationship he was so ready to pounce on rey, and even kept his where's rey charade up until he couldn't handle it anymore. slightly insulted, rey comments that lazarus is still making jokes. but lazarus orders her to come closer. he then unlocks the chain attached to her, saying that he can't change anyone, and that people call the shots with how they want to live their life. when he offers to drive right back to town, she asks him to play his guitar for her instead. as lazarus complies, he tells the story of how he wanted children, but rose didn't want them, but now she's pregnant with someone else's child. he mentions that rose lost her glow, and now that he's all alone, lazarus can hear the black snake's moan singing as the rain and thunder come down outside. suddenly, ray sees the man from her vision again, scaring her. as the thunder roars louder, rey moves closer to lazarus and pleads with him to continue the song. lazarus obliges as he continues while rey holds him, still remembering the man from her vision in the morning. lazarus drives ray back to town. before rey gets out of the car, she asks where lazarus will stay as she nervously taps her fingers. lazarus then asks her if she is ready to leave, and she says yes. with them getting off, lazarus reminds her that she can take her time. still, ray walks off as lazarus starts selling some of his produce. amidst the pain and depravity life keeps plunging them into, rey and lazarus managed to find something so pure and true in their relationship. lazarus always wanted a child, and he found a daughter in rey, while rey, who never had anyone to protect and guide her, found a father in lazarus. but as with all families, the child had to leave their nest. but there's a good deal in comfort in knowing that no matter what, the two of them will always have each other. despite the briefness in their meeting, angela, the pharmacist, passes by and greets him. the two flirt around a little bit, laughing and keeping close to each other. rey heads to the pharmacy and finds sandy putting tags on products there. as ray beats her, sani asks what happened to ray's face. but ray makes an excuse before inviting her for some coffee. sandy then just asks if she just needs some money. but rey, offended, asks why they have to talk like this, and emphasizes that she's trying to be different now. however, sandy turns her down, telling her where the makeup is. hearing this, race stops and tells sandy that she should have been there for her. frustrated, her mother asks what she's talking about. this sets rey off, and she starts lashing out at her mother, saying that her mother should have kept that man from touching her and doing whatever he wanted to her when she was just a kid. with sandy grabbing her, ray apologizes for speaking up to her, but she tells sandy that she doesn't have to apologize. she just wants sandy to say how she knew. but sandy totally tells her that the only thing that she is sorry for was giving birth to her. she even adds that ray shouldn't blame her for everything that's happened to her. shocked, rey freezes for a moment, then grabs a mot beside her and starts wailing on her mother, telling susan that she's a liar and that she just let her be mistreated. rey isn't asking for much here. she's hardly asking for anything at all. the broken and beaten up girl just wanted her mother to acknowledge the torment that she put her through, to admit that she liked some repulsive son of a gun more than she liked her own daughter, that she let him touch her in ways that children should never be touched. but susan couldn't even give her that. she refused to even think about the part she played in messing her daughter up beyond recognition. back outside, lazarus and angela continue talking. when lazarus notices the commotion nearby. he rushes inside the pharmacy and finds reign sobbing after what happened. he then carries her out, ignoring angela's questions about rey. with that, he leaves to take rey home. upon their arrival, he gives her a bath, then rests, still thinking about what transpired that day. later, lazarus walks out with his guitar, and together with rey, they head to bo's bar. inside, lazarus meets up with rl and bo, while rey finds herself a seat. though lazarus is nervous at first, he still joins the band and starts to play on stage. rey joyfully listens before she joins the dancing in the bar. while lazarus and his band perform. by the window, ronnie angrily watches as lazarus ends his gig with everyone applauding him. the next day, lazarus wakes up to rey singing and playing his guitar. after joining her and asking about her song, he takes the guitar and plays the notes while rey sings the words to her song. as the two go on, ronnie slowly enters the house with a gun in his hand. he hits lazarus on the head. ronnie then confronts ray, telling her that gil told him about what rey had been doing around town. after that, lazarus starts standing up, daring ronnie to shoot him. shaking, ronnie points his gun at lazarus, while lazarus gives him two options, kill him and prove that he's a man, or leave the house immediately. as lazarus screams at him one more time, a still shaking run, he starts crying as he falls to the ground. reid comforts her boyfriend. while lazarus calls rl, asking him to help with the two like lazarus and rey ronnie. ronnie's just a good man who's dealt a bad hand both life and their own cells found a way of cracking at them, tearing them apart and hurriedly putting them back together. some parts are missing, some parts are put wrong. so they found themselves on the cusp of doing something that they don't even want to do. ronnie for sure doesn't have it in him to actually pull the trigger, but his amalgamations of emotions almost did him in. later, rl arrives and talks to ronnie and rey. ronnie tells him about his plans with her. hesitantly, he admits that ray fixed him, but he can't seem to fix her. aurel then asks rey about her spells. that she gets into, letting rey open up about her past trauma and how much she loves ronnie. afterwards, she tells ronnie how she really feels, saying how messed up they are and how she understands if ron wants to leave. rl asks the both of them what they want to do, and ronnie just stares down, deep in thought. later lazarus picks up angela from her home and asks her for one more favor. angela agrees and writes with lazarus back to his house. as lazarus drives back, lincoln helps ronnie out with his tie as he prepares his suit. a few minutes later, angela calls lazarus and presents rey, ready to wed. when he sees her, lazarus compliments her, and they share a tender moment as they embrace, promising that they'll always be there for each other. solutions don't always have to be complicated. they can be as simple as acknowledging the love you have and accepting that you never want to be without that love again. but sometimes the timing and the feeling could be right, but no one's pushing you to do it. no one's helping you to see past the dark that has you captive. and luckily for ray and ronnie, they finally found the people who gave them that well-timed push into each other. after a short while, lazarus brings raid to the altar. ronnie ties a small chain around rey, and the two are pronounced husband and wife. with that, they have their first kiss in marriage when the newlyweds drive away in ronnie's car. lazarus and angela hold hands as they watch them leave. along the highway. ronnie and ray are still happy from their wedding, until two trucks block ronnie's path. with his anxiety settling in, he starts panicking, so he pulls over. ray notices this. she's reminded of her own trauma, but this time she manages to control herself by remembering what lazarus did for her. she embraces ronnie, singing her song from earlier and comforting him. as ronnie starts calming down. when love burns down, you should be able to find shelter in your family. when a family is destroyed, your love can be your only refuge. but for rey and lazarus, they had neither. susan was a vile, sinister and violent mother, one who doesn't need to do the attacking or the assaulting to be violent. the way susan let a man touch and mistreat her daughter when she was so young is just as despicable as the act itself. this left scars on rey's psyche, scars that neither she nor ronnie were able to heal. and susan never even tried. so the pain kept festering and festering, worsening as rey lost her love to the war, even if temporarily. and the pain had her making horrible mistakes for her own where she put herself at risk, where she disrespected the loving ronnie had given her. rey's been burdened by deeply rooted trauma and agony that kept tied a hold of her, that kept seeping in almost everything she did. for lazarus, it was the pain of losing his wife to the most unthinkable person, his own brother. in one move, he lost the two families he had, the one that was connected by blood and the one he kept alive through love and devotion. they made him look like a fool who was never enough, a fool who was somehow not worthy to be the father of rose's child. at that point, the world was basically spitting in his face, proclaiming that nothing good will ever come of his life. lazarus could have waged war against the world, fighting back in any way he could. but no, being older and most probably wiser, lazarus stood his ground and calmly embraced his fate. but this was never an easy task, and he certainly wasn't immune to resenting everything life stood for. but lazarus tried, and he tried even harder for rey. with how lazaruses and rey's story ended, one of the biggest lessons that can be seen is the value of just having someone there for you. pain drives us to do the worst things to others and even ourselves. it's a cold black hole that sucks us in deeper and deeper until we finally succumb to the darkness of isolation and suffering. however, having someone there to listen and empathize with us is such a beautiful and important thing. this understanding, this companionship. they're precious things that we have as humans. but even if you have all these things, pain will always be there for you. rey and ronnie's happily ever after isn't exactly an ever after. even at the end, ronnie's anxiety ate away at him, and rey was struck by her own trauma. and that's life. your problems don't just magically go away because you made the decision to pursue your happiness. still, love and friendship will always be there to help you see the pain through, until you can find the strength to rise back up and continue the fight. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 