Welcome back for another 5-minute movie recap. today i'm going to give you an overview of the 2005 American science fiction action film called war of the worlds. There will be spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. earth was being monitored by extraterrestrials with great intelligence and little compassion. according to the opening narration, these entities conspired to steal everything from us as man ruled the planet without hesitation, just like germ swarm in a drop of water. Ray Ferrier, a divorced longshoreman who works as a crane operator at a port in Brooklyn, New York, is separated from his two children, Rachel (ten) and Robbie, (a teenager). On her way to see her parents in Boston, Mary Anne, Rey's pregnant ex-wife, drops the two off at his residence in Bayonne, New Jersey. Later, an unusual storm happens, during which lightning hits numerous times in the midst of a local junction, resulting in an EMP that destroys virtually all electrical equipment instantaneously, rey unwillingly joins the throng at the crash site. where a huge tripod war machine rises from the earth and destroys the area with strong energy weaponry, dissolving most of the spectators into a grey dust. ray gathers his children, takes a van from a local mechanic, after he advises him on how to fix it before driving into town, and flees to mary ann's unoccupied home in suburban new jersey. they seek refuge in the basement that night, but they are soon awakened by a weird, roaring noise followed by an explosion that destroys the home. ray and robbie discover a boeing 747 had crashed into the neighborhood the next morning. ray then encounters a roving news crew scavenging the wreckage for food, who inform him that multiple tripods have attacked major cities around the world, that the tripods have forced shields to protect them from most of humanity's defenses, and that the tripod's pilots traveled to earth via lightning storms as a way to enter their machines, which are assumed to have been a spaceship. ray then chooses to take the kids to boston to be with their mother, but they are forced to leave their van by a frantic crowd. they arrive at a hudson riverboat, only to be besieged by tripods who slaughter or capture many of the refugees. but rey's family manages to flee. they then observe the united states of america marines squaring off against some tripods. robbie ultimately joins the hopeless struggle against the aliens, much to raise chagrin, while rey and rachel escape the scene. the u.s. marines are annihilated, and robbie is assumed to have died alongside them. a disturbed guy called harlan ogilvy offers the couple sanctuary in a neighboring cellar. shortly after, even when a probe and a crew of aliens investigate the basement, the three stay unnoticed for several days. they soon discover that the aliens have begun cultivating a red-colored flora that is rapidly spreading throughout the area, leading the party to believe that the aliens are terraforming earth and may be exploiting the red vegetation as a food source. when ogilvy sees the tripods taking human blood and tissue to fertilize the alien plants. the next morning, he has a nervous collapse. rey grudgingly shoots oglevy, fearful that his hysterical yelling would alert the aliens. rachel flees and is taken by the tripod. after a second tripod probe finds the farriers asleep. rey is then kidnapped on purpose. when the aliens are alerted by explosives. rey ultimately uses the explosives to smash the tripod from within, releasing them all with the assistance of additional abductees. rey and rachel arrive in boston a few days later to discover the alien plant wilting and the tripods mysteriously crumbling. ray observes birds landing on an active tripod, suggesting that its force shields have been deactivated. rey informs the troops accompanying the fleeing throng, who use anti-tank rockets to bring it down. a hatch opens as the soldiers approach the collapsed tripod, and a pale, sickly alien crawls halfway out before collapsing and dying. rey and rachel are reunited with mary anne and robbie when they arrive at mary ann's parents house, who had somehow survived the aliens, deaths were caused by their immune systems being unable to cope with the numerous billions of microorganisms that populate the earth. according to a concluding voice-over, and mankind has won the right to the planet by organically living with the rest of its ecosystem. if you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. i hope you have enjoyed this video, hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. have a great day ahead. 