okay, so one division has left a lot of people with a lot of questions. no one knows what's going on in west view. what's happening with the twins? no, not them, you dirty bad boy. who's controlling wonder? how vision is alive? and so on. if you're one of those people who's showing visible confusion, then this is the video for you. throughout it we're going to be giving our best theories based on the comics, whilst also answering what we know about the series so far. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't seen up to episode three, then i recommend that you reset right now. if you enjoy the video, then it would be swell if you hit the thumbs up button. and don't forget to subscribe to the channel for breakdowns like this each and every day. without the way. i'm your host, paul. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. now let's get into the video. okay, so the biggest question hanging over the series is, where exactly is wonder and what's going on in west view? episode 3 actually gave us a big reveal in its ending, and we discovered that the town was indeed a real location that had been turned into the reality that we see wonder and vision living in. i've read theories that this might just be above hologram, but the fact that the objects are tangible, and from the outside, everything seems okay makes me believe that the technology isn't being used here. looking at the promotional images for episode 4, it's only upon entering it that things seem to change, whereas with bath you can see it from no matter where you look at it. there was also a clip released of the beekeeper character crawling through the membrane. and if you look closely at his clothing, you'll see that it only transforms upon passing through the invisible barrier. therefore we can confirm that west's view seems okay, and it's only when you enter that things start to get worse than 2020. this idea of it seeming okay from the outside and being messed up within, of course, carries over to the plot of the show itself, but we'll discuss that later in the video. now, westview itself has some pretty significant things in the name that make it the perfect location for a show like this. not only do the initials w and v, also stand for wonder and vision. but the name itself actually has tv in the middle. wowzer. it also seems like a suburban town in the middle of nowhere. and i actually think that one of the latest mcu movies highlights to us exactly what wonder might be doing. now i'm someone who habitually always has the mcu on one tv in the house at all times. i've binged the movies more than i'd like to admit. but it was only with the context of this show that i noticed something different. you might remember that avengers end game ends with steve rogers traveling back to an alternate 1950s to be with the one that you lost. i'm not crying. i'm not crying. this is also very similar to wanda, who traveled to a 1950s reality in order to be with the person she loved more than anything in the world. clearly, there's parallels between the pair. and i personally believe that when old joe biden steve showed up at the end, that the avengers eventually managed to pry open the truth from him, and this then inspired wander to try something similar. as much as the radio messages from sword make it seem like she's the one being manipulated. the series itself does show that she is in control. when the beekeeper arrives, she easily rewinds time. and then when vision starts to question things, she too snaps him out of it, completely derailing his train of thought. the way she threw moniker out of the reality was nothing short of spellbinding. and it's clear that she's been able to bend and manipulate things at will. all the people in the show seem to be trapped there. and dr nielsen did discuss how difficult it is to get away. herb nelly let it slip that they were trapped, i think. and mrs hart, in episode 1, was almost on the verge of tears, trying to save her husband whilst remaining in character. however, that doesn't mean that she's not being used. and so far the show has laid out several clues to us that the nefarious forces in this reality are aiming to manipulate her to their own ends. now, though we don't know this for definite, it seems like all the signs there are pointing towards the people there being after her children. and the show looks like it has multiple villains the first of them is, of course, agnes. yes, she's buddy. she's not your friend. she's a bad woman. now i've already made a video about who i think she really is, which goes into this theory and the evidence in more detail. but the long and short of it is that she's likely agatha harkness. agatha has sort of gone back and forth over being a villain throughout the decades, but she has helped wanda to enhance her powers. it is possible that in researching ways to get her peggy carter ending, that she crossed paths with the figure and she helped her to build this dimension. in the comics, agatha also went to wander and vision, when the pair had twins, and they just so happened to have the names billy and tommy, it was revealed that the pair were actually carrying the souls of demons. and i believe that agnes has ulterior motives for aiding wonder, and that she's actually been warping the reality in order to subliminally hint to scarlet witch that she needs to have kids. in episode 1, vision's boss, mr hart nelly, had a heart attack when asking why the pair didn't have any kids. the second episode was centered around an event for the children, and it all seemed to be driving home the idea that wonder had to have them. we know from the promo of episode 4 that agnes calls herself anti-agnes. and if you cast your mind back to the animated intro of episode 2, you may have noticed a sign in the supermarket that said, auntie a's. so clearly, she's been pushing the idea that they should have children. and going off the source material, she may want to steal them so that she can serve them up to her masters. now it's also possible that agnes is in league with hydra, or someone worse. no, not you, dominic cummings. now exploring the first option, the organization have popped up at numerous points in the commercials. and even so far back as winter soldier, they were creating young and powerful people so that they could take over the world. they could also be after the infinity stones too, as the snap showed everyone just how powerful they were. we know from the mind stone in visions head that wonder can indeed create them. and if you watch the commercials again with this in mind, they could also be subliminally hinting to her and the audience that she needs to rebuild them. the first commercial had a red flashing light, and typically red is associated with the reality stone. the second commercial centered around a watch, which could be hinting towards the time stone. and the third episode had a blue box, which may have been the tesseract that could be reaching. and it's not something i've dug my heels on just yet, but obviously my commercial 4 will have more of an idea. now i believe that they made an alliance with agnes to get her to make wonder, create the children and infinity stones, and from here they'll try and rise to power. we know from the falcon and winter soldier first looks that hydra are indeed in the series, due to the yellow and green jumpsuits that were showcased in the first trailer. and thus it makes sense that they're back on the rise. now, agnes could also be in league with a much darker and sinister figure, and that is mephisto. she's referred to her husband ralph quite a lot, but so far in the series we haven't actually seen him, or so we think. now the name ralph actually means wolf. and it is possible that satan himself is shape-shifted into certain animals in order to keep a close eye on things. in episode 2, we saw agnes carrying around a rabbit, and in episode 3, the stork made an appearance. the latter was notable, because it's the one thing so far that wonder hasn't been able to control in the reality. and it seems like something else is indeed going on with it. agnes also mentioned in episode 1 that her wedding anniversary was june 2nd. and this was actually the day that the first salem witch trials took place. could this mean that on the date the trial started, she pledged her undying love to lucifer in order to be kept safe from home? well, i think so. and it would also tie in with the demon souls storyline, which the show has been influenced by. the series is also laced with satanic imagery and the idea of 666. there was, of course, the upside down cross that was also a sword symbol. the tentacles on the hydra logo appear to have 666 in them. hexagons also pop up at several points in the credits. and these have six sides, which, if you look closely enough, you'll see that it's a reach. yep, it's it's another reach. now, another big question that people likely have is, how is vision alive? well, going back to the vision and scholar, which graphic novel. in that book, the grim reaper makes a big appearance. he has the ability to bring people back from the dead. and mephisto and agnes could have gone to him for help so that he could bring back the one thing that wanda loved to keep her tied to this reality so they could steal her kids. his helmet did appear in the opening of episode 1, and i don't think that this would have been included if it had no significance. if we look at agnes's pendant, there also appears to be three figures. and the one in the middle looks like it could be the classic depiction of the grim reaper holding a side above its head. so if our theory is right, then the three figures could represent her death and the devil, all who've made an allegiance together. now, as for who billy and tommy actually are, as mentioned earlier, they were demon soul babies that were meant to usher in generations of darkness that make 2020 look like 1999. was was that a good joke? i don't know. i was 11. anyway, the point is that they have a precedence in the comics to be a certain way. however, billy and tommy is also the name of the children that wander and vision had after that saga, and they went on to become the young avengers wiccan in speed, i believe that the story for both might be combined, and after saving the babies, instead of them perishing, they'll go on to become the two mutants that marvel maniacs absolutely love. and lastly, what is going on with geraldine, or rather monika? well, after being tossed out of the reality, she landed at the sword facility, and we know from the promo shots of episode 4 that she's likely investigating the bubble. if our theory about hydra is correct, then it makes sense that sword would be used instead of shield, as we already know that hydra infiltrated their organization from the winter. soldier alongside her is jimmy wu, played by randall park who you may remember from ant-man and the wasp. the last time we saw him, he was keeping a close eye on scott to make sure he didn't break the sokovia records, and also learning some delightful magic tricks. wander is someone who also did that, not just the magic tricks, but but broke the sokovia records. so it could be possible that after the blip, he was assigned to her, and then she went into the bubble dimension, which forced him to call in the big guns. in the comics, moniker is a person known as photon who was blessed with incredible gifts, and she is likely going to get these powers at some point in the show. it's even possible that, after being tossed through the membrane, that she's picked them up. but for now, we're gonna have to wait until friday to find out. anyway, that's our big theories and all the answers we have so far, going off what clues have been left. i'd obviously love to hear your thoughts and whether you agree or not, so make sure you drop them in the comments section below. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize store on the 30th of january, in which we're giving away three copies of the hobbit and lord of the rings, 4k box sets to our subscribers. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on, and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the theories. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of episode 3, which will be linked on screen right now. we picked about the entire piece, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want more one division, or if you're just bored, because this lockdown's been never ending, in the uk. at least anyway, without the way, thank you for sticking through the video. i mean, paul, you've been the best. and i'll see you next time. you. take care. a piece 