hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1984 comedy ghostbusters, the first Ghostbusters film. so let's get started. the film opens on a team of New York paranormal investigators called the Ghostbusters. the team consists of Peter Venkman, Raymond Stantz, Egon Spengler and a new hire winston zeddemore. the ghostbusters use high-tech equipment to capture ghosts, and often caused a fair amount of destruction in the process. the Ghostbusters are hired by Dana Barrett, whose apartment has been haunted by a demonic spirit name Zuul, who is the servant to gozer, the gozerian, the sumerian god of destruction. the Venkman tries to win the affection of Donna, however, he is also competing with Donna's neighbor, Lewis Tully. Donna is eventually possessed by Zul, declaring herself the gatekeeper. her neighbor, Lewis, is also possessed by another demon, declaring himself a key master. both begin to talk about the coming of Gozer. so the ghost busters separate the two. while this is all going on, the Environmental Protection Agency has the Ghostbusters arrested for operating as unlicensed waste handlers. as they are storing the captured ghosts in their facility, the EPA shuts down the containment system and a massive explosion occurs, and all the ghosts of the Ghostbusters have captured are set free and begin causing havoc throughout New York. the possessed Lewis and Donna are able to meet up and transform into demonic hounds and begin the process of summoning Gosar's in jail, the Ghostbusters discover that Donna's apartment was built by a cult leader named Evo Shandor, who wanted to bring about the destruction of humanity and built the apartment as a conduit for summoning gozer. the ghostbusters are set free to fight the ghosts and travel to Donna's apartments roof, but discover that Gozer has already arrived. the team are briefly able to stop Kozar, who disappears and says that she will choose a new form that the team decides. they try to think of nothing, but ray thinks of a corporate mascot from his childhood, the Stay Puft Marshmallow Gozer reappears as a massive marshmallow man and begins attacking the city. the Ghostbusters take their energy streams and cross the stream, firing at Gosar's portal. this defeats Gozer and frees donna and luis. though covered in marshmallow fluff, the ghostbusters are treated as heroes for saving the city of New York. so that was the spoilers for ghostbusters. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 