welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, and this video, are breaking down the ending of every episode of love, death and robot season two. the eight episodes all come with their own unique premise and plots, and in this video, we're going to be recapping and discussing the true meaning behind each and every one of them. full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, then i highly recommend that you check out now. smash the thumbs up button if you enjoy the breakdown, and make sure you subscribe for more videos like this every day. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of love, death and robot season two. okay, so episode one is called automated customer service, and it plays heavily on films like terminator, the matrix and 2001, a space odyssey. humanity has now reached a point where machines are carrying out all manner of tasks, and the population's lives are based completely around them. the episode chronicles the rise of the machines as a woman is attacked by one whilst trying to reach out to the automated customer service line that might just be in on it too. now i've got a puppy. a bit of a side tangent, but it ties in with the point. and only recently did i realize i control when it eats, when it leaves the house, what time it goes to sleep, and pretty much every aspect of its life. it's very much my pet. and in this episode, i realize that the humans are very much the pets of the machines. so when we see a woman actually try and have some agency in moving a photo frame, her vacuum bot doesn't like it and decides to exterminate so, so bad. now she has clearly stepped far too out of line, and thus must be destroyed. now, the design of the machine pulls highly from hal namely due to the eye in its center. this rogue ai ended up trying to kill the astronauts in 2001, a space odyssey. but the similarities to movies about killer robots don't stop there. there's also a call back to the matrix when the woman we follow ducks out of the way in slow motion, and her neighbor arrives with a shotgun to save her. this is very much in the same vein as how kyle reese arrived in terminator to save the day. vacuum bot also scans for its owner with a blue laser light, which is extremely similar to the android scene at the start of aliens. now, there's some really dark humor in this, including the automated customer service constantly trying to lead her down a path of killing her pet. however, she survives the onslaught of the vacuum bot and makes it outside. unfortunately, this alerts all of the machines in the area to rise up and pursue them. this episode, to me, is very much about how the things you own end up owning you. you may think the machines that you rely on are controlled by you, but when you rely on them too much, they end up controlling you. the pair are actually offered the chance to be whitelisted at the end of the episode, but they say, go to hell, showing that they'd perhaps rather not be subjected to living at the behest of an automated life anymore, and are now willing to do things on their own. this is definitely love death and robots, and it's an awesome way to kickstart the second season. episode two is called ice and it follows two brothers competing in a deadly race on a planet far away from earth. they are very much yin and yang. and whereas one has superhuman abilities due to genetic modifications, one of the brothers, sedgwick, refuses to do this. the former is the little brother in this scenario, and his parents very much have him as the favorite. even though serge has overcome far more challenges due to his lack of abilities. he's the outsider in this story, which is very much about conformity versus individuality. and when he goes to visit the frost whales, we see the character really come into his own his brother and his friends are resistant to the cold, or as he's not, and when they're chased by the oceanic creatures, he struggles to keep up. however, whereas his friends leave his brother to die, sedg steps in and saves him. this wins him the respect of his brother and shows that even though people might seem different and less able, they often have to work twice as hard. because of this. the group we follow likely only participate in the race because they know they can win, whereas for sage, it takes true bravery. he also shows far more hot than they do, and overcomes way more challenges in order to be accepted. it's got a really great message. and i love the art style in this entry too. the blacks and blue mixed together incredibly well. and this duality is, of course, seen in the characters themselves. now, next up is pop squad. and this follows a cop whose job it is to control overpopulation by wiping out children. in this world, people are given the chance to live forever, but in doing so, they must agree to never have kids. it's a world overrun by adults, and if people do end up having children, they are quickly exterminated. it's one of the darkest entries in the season, and feels bleak because adults no longer have a real purpose beyond self-serving interests. whereas people once found happiness in raising children and passing on things to the next generation, either through their own kids or others, this world very much feels like it is stalled. one character named alice says she's been practicing a singing solo for 20 years. and it shows that humanity hasn't really moved, because any chance at a future, or differing opinions is quickly wiped out. we see that these so-called illegals are just trying to live, but the law shows no compassion and simply views them as something that takes rather than gifts. thus, like pests, they are destroyed. but doing this every day takes a toll on our protagonist breaks. this neo-noir police drama borrows heavily from tales of the 1920s as well as blade runner and of course, its sequel. the skyscraper landscapes and interiors of the police cars all feel like they're ripped heavily from it. and this episode is very stylistic. now i feel that the episode, metaphorically, can be applied to a number of real world topics. it could very much speak to how immigrants and refugees are often demonized by the media and government, so that we don't feel bad in stripping them of their rights. there is a saying that states no human can be illegal. but this does change things up far enough away that it could mean something else. another thought i had whilst watching it is about how the older generation have created a world in which the next one will be subjected to severe issues caused by global warming and so on. just in the same way as the characters in this entry are happy to selfishly live solely for themselves, it could be viewed as what the elders in society have done. now, before you start yet, i know i'm getting very greta on this, and not to say that i agree or disagree with either stance, but when you're analyzing things, you often try and guess what the author or creator is trying to say. of course, i'm open to completely different opinions, so let me know below if you interpreted this any other way, as i'd love to read your thoughts. now, alice jokes about marrying the main character and having children with him, which makes him question what he's really living for. he sees the blood on his hands, and alice holds up a toy dinosaur that's very similar to what one of the murdered children had. briggs joins alisa oriji treatment, and we see that these people have so little control over their own lives that they don't even drive their own cause. they go to investigate a new parent known as a breeder, who was unable to make his child stop crying, and thus they were found out. however, this man would rather die than live forever without a purpose, and it clearly weighs heavily on breaks the dinosaur then leads him to a location filled with other children's toys. these are now viewed as antiques because of the lack of kids. and he follows a customer out to her home, where he discovers that she has a child. he wants to know why people keep having kids, and she states that she's not so in love with herself that she wants to live forever. it shows that we must be mindful of what we're gonna leave behind. and instead of trying to keep things the same, we have to be ready for change. we also have to accept that we aren't gonna live forever. and instead of being selfish and self-centered, we should think about what we're gonna leave the world. the mother tries to kill breaks when he drops his god. and though he gets the upper hand, he spares her and the child, showing that he has changed. his partner arrives, and instead, he kills her, showcasing that he has broken free of being forced to think a certain way. he dies defending the child, protecting the future instead of wiping it out. and it's a great way to end one of my favorite episodes in the run. next we jump to snow in the desert, a bounty hunter centric story set on a hostile planet with some of the most realistic looking animated cgi this side of final fantasy dispersed within. yeah, i know, i know, that's not h12. i've not watched it for years, so i don't know. however, this hostile desert environment follows snow, which is a bit of a pun when the planet is covered inside, so i appreciate that. yeah. now, snow has a big reward in his head set out by a character called barris. and after he's challenged and almost killed, he's saved by a mysterious woman named herald. unfortunately, the inhabitants of the planet attempt to close in on him, and thus he goes to return home. now, the story isn't too complicated here, and there's not that much subtext to it, but it does an incredible job of world building, and, as i said, looks absolutely gorgeous. we learned that snow is an immortal with incredible healing abilities, and this is why barris is after him. harold has apparently been sent to take him in two, but she would rather do the softly, softly, catchy monkey approach. his cells hold the key to immortality. but this is, of course, a power that's extremely dangerous if placed into the wrong hands. and thus, snow has lived as a recluse. we learn that snow has experienced a lot of loss because of how long he's lived. and again, like the people in the prior entry, he's very much standing still instead of progressing or changing. his wife ended her own life because she grew and he didn't. and once more, the immortality seems like somewhat of a curse. the bounty hunters arrive and circle his home, which is where he goes full rampo on them and shows how many skills you gain when you live a long time. the guy would be an even faster youtuber than me, if that's possible, which it isn't. now, unfortunately, harold is seemingly murdered in front of him, but it's revealed that she's actually part cybernetic. her body was almost completely destroyed. and after she kills barris, we end with her kissing snow, saying she's been alone for a long time too. and there are several ways that you can take the ending, and that either she was working for earth and wanted to take him back so that she could use him to regenerate the missing parts of her body. this could potentially bring her back. however, i kind of side with the earth thing being a lie. i think that she actually wanted to see if he was truly immortal or not. she has lived a long time because of her synthetic parts, and has likely found loneliness and immortality, much like how snow had. thus they are now kinded spirits. i can spend an eternity together. now, next up is the tall grass, which follows a man from victorian times who becomes transfixed on ghostly lights hidden in the shrubbery. i got a lot of vibes of the book in the tall grass, and during that people became trapped in an almost infinite corridor of grass. as they were pulled in by malevolent entities that had the ability to manipulate time, the people in it were unable to escape, and they became trapped in their surroundings in the grass. the protagonist, lero, sees a humanoid creature moving, and the train he was traveling on starts to depart without him. as he becomes lost. soon he finds himself, facing off against what would happen if slender man didn't have such a good tailor. and the character runs for his life whilst trying to get back to the train. when the creatures pounce, he's saved by the conductor, who states that he does know of the beasts. he very much hints that he thinks there is another world out there that sucks lost people into it and transforms them into the creatures that we see in this episode. this is allowed to keep occurring because the tale is so fantastical that no one would ever believe it. and we end the episode seeing that many people have been transformed into the monsters, showing how lucky lara was to escape. we then jump to all through the house, which follows two children on christmas eve as they tiptoe through the property to catch a glimpse at center. sounds so heartwarming and a tale that speaks to the joy and magic of christmas, yay. however, it's way more sinister than that, and definitely leaves its presence felt long after you finish it. sorry, i had a fair crap pun in there. now, what the pair find is actually a horrendous and hideous monster that would make the xenomorph run to its mummy. in this there are shades of aliens and pants labyrinth, and we discovered that this is, in fact, santa himself. the episode is very much commenting on the commercialization of holidays, i think, and how christmas is very much presented in a certain way when you're a child, whereas when you're an adult it's an absolute nightmare. you try getting a turbo man for your kids. now, the monster decides if people are naughty or nice, and when it's this ferocious looking, you can bet that the bad kids don't have such an easy ride. i love this short and sweet episode, as when i was growing up, i always wondered how it was even possible for santa to travel around the planet without being something otherwise. also the song that says, he sees you when you're sleeping, he knows when you're awake, which definitely has a more sinister side to it when you really think about it. it's a great little episode. and that takes us to lifehutch. lifehutch involves a pilot, played by michael b jordan, who crash landed on a moon. the ship he lands in looks very similar the one from beyond the aquila rift. and though much smaller, i did appreciate that there was a little nod to my favorite episode from last time. the pilot finds a deserted outpost known as a life hutch, which he should be able to lie low in. however, we discover why there's no one else there when one of the robots begins to go wild. it's not quite as deadly as the vacuum bot, yeah, but the cgi is absolutely incredible in this, to the point i really struggle to distinguish whether it was real or not. now, lace throughout, we see the pilot's mission and how he came to be. and very much got a lot of allegories of world war ii stories in which pilots landed behind enemy lines. they had to be careful in avoiding the local threats that were there. and it's terrifying watching the machine stalk the container, destroying anything that moves. it's very much a guard dog on all fours, scanning the area. and the episode feels like it's ripped right out of black mirror. using his flashlight, the pilot is able to distract the machine, and he destroys it. the character sends out an sos and fixes his hand so it doesn't look like mine does after i write 6 000 words in a day, which most of these scripts tend to be. now, thumbs up, buttons right there as well, by the way. now, lastly is the drowned giant, which takes place in jolly old england. after a giants body washes up on a beach, people around it become fascinated over it. the story shows how things that are regarded as beautiful and wondrous eventually die and decay. now, this episode is clearly playing on wales, washing up on shore. this often happens for a number of reasons, which includes what humanity does to the ocean. however, in real life, people don't really care too much, whereas here, they do, because the the giant is human looking. definitely check out see spirits here on netflix if you haven't. and to me, this very much shows how people are in wonder at it, even though a giant washing up is something to be worried about instead of celebrating. it shows vast change in the world that we really aren't ready for. and yes, i'll stop because i'm getting very, very woke. either way, though, there's no real respect for the corpse, and people climb all over it. his dong's almost as big as mine. and we watch as the body starts to rot over time. this could hint towards how all things decay. and the scientist that we follow who studies it finally decides to step on its body. he becomes very much a representation of what we all face in death. and whereas we tend to pass away in privacy, the giant is played out on the beach brawl to see, the scientist slowly begins to see more and more humanity in its death, and realizes that though we initially start off as something great, over time we all go the same way. the corpse is cast out to sea, but the remains of the body are repurposed and placed throughout the town. and the scientist finds a lot of beauty and death. it shows that after we die, the things that made us are very much repurposed into the community around us. and it's very much about how we can still influence things long after we're gone. though the giant no longer exists, the scientist very much holds a deer. and this final episode speaks to the nature of life and death though people pass away, we can often forget their lives and focus solely on their deaths. but we should remind ourselves of what they were like in all forms. that's very much what i take from this episode, and it's a somber way to end this series. now, as for the show as a whole, i do wish that we got more of it. the first season was 18 episodes, i believe, and this isn't even half of that. however, every episode is enjoyable. i found that there weren't any real duds in this entry, whereas there were several in the last it was great getting to watch this. and hopefully, with the shorter run time, we see a third season sooner rather than later. anyway, that's our take on every episode of the show. i'd love to hear your thoughts on it and which one was your favorite. so make sure you comment below and let me know. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize draw on the 30th of may, in which we're giving away three copies of the godzilla vs kong collection. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the series. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter. heavy spoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the final season of castlevania, which will be linked on screen right now. absolutely loved it, and there's a ton to talk about. so definitely go check it out right after this. by the way. thank you for sticking through the video. i'll see you next time. take care and enjoy your weekend. peace. 