welcome to slash forward. i've never been more sure of the need to eliminate inherited wealth in this country than after watching yet another cautionary tale with the plot and ball thing swindling a perfectly lovely woman of her money, this case, in the screaming skull. it's just, there's so much inheritance-based scheming and murder going on, but if you subscribe, it would make it all worth it. let's get to it. we open on a lovely floral arrangement ruined by a coffin. a voiceover then tells us that watching this movie will kill us, ruining it further. then we transition to a little mercedes roadster pulling up on a sunny day. eric whitlock is showing his new wife, jenny, their property. it's thrilling, but she feels constipated about this one window. we find out this house belonged to his prior wife, god rest her soul. and he's so happy to have a new wife to decorate the barren, cavernous spaces. the estate has a live-in gardener, mickey, who was attached to marion. and this man-child worships daily at the feet of the old mysteries. later on, eric's friends, the snows arrive, and they couple swap before dinner. eric confides that jenny's parents drowned in front of her, and he's trying to keep things chill so he can bottle that trauma down deep. meanwhile, the reverend tells jenny about how marion slipped and hit her head, dying in the water right where they're sitting now. so that's cool. the next day, eric goes into town to handle some business, while jenny tries to make friends with mickey. and they take some flowers to marion's grave. mickey admits he sometimes hears her cry out in the night before running off. jenny then spends the day bundled up, caressing stones, unbundling and having nightmares about people dying in water. she wakes up and rushes around unsettled. oh, but good. the peacocks are okay. that's good. but there's a skull menacing her from their wardrobe, and inexplicable scratches on her hand. sounds continue to haunt her. and when she's had enough, she chucks the skull into the yard, but it shows back up on the front porch. chasing her into the house. eric wakes her up later and confirms her suspicion that he found her on the floor without a skull nearby. well, you know what i mean. the reverend arrives the next day to act as an impartial observer and put to good use the investigative tools he developed in seminary. jenny confides that she's racked with guilt about hating her mother and being unable to save her parents when they drown. as eric chats with her later, mickey shows up, and eric chases him down to get some answers, but mickey denies any involvement in the recent shenanigans. in an attempt at home therapy, eric decides it would be good to burn the portrait of marion that reminds jenny of her mom. the flames get a little bit out of control, but it soon subsides. as they tend to the ashes, jenny uncovers a skull that eric can't see, causing her to faint. eric then reveals himself to be a complete dickweed as he picks up the skull and hides it. eric tells reverend snow he's gonna see about getting his poor wife into the sanitarium so she can recover. he'd hate for her to lose control of her vast wealth, after all. jenny later confirms that, to foster her positive mental state, reverend snow told her he believed her story, and even resolved to have the ground search to see if they could locate the skull. this prompts eric to attempt a retrieval of the primary tool of his deception. he's unable to find it, and tears off and search mickey, but mickey circles around and delivers the evidence to the snows. later, jenny goes to say goodbye to mickey and is confronted by an actual apparition. she runs into the house screaming her lungs out, and receives a gentle throat hug from her loving husband, who's then also confronted. he tries to run, but he can't find a path not blocked by skulls. and as jenny wakes up and the snows arrive, eric has his trachea ripped out by the skull. [Music], you 