welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna submerge ourselves into the deep ocean world of underwater released in 2020. if you've ever been curious what it would be like to go insane from staring into the face of the Elder Gods, consider subscribing to the channel. let's get to it. we open on a slick credit sequence that provides us snippets of background info we need in order to set the scene. marianna trench, deepest drilling into the darkest crevices of the earth. strange sightings, side effects. dammit, you're losing me. then we find ourselves in kepler station, where nora brushes her teeth and thought narrates some existential cosmic horror, right up to the point where the station turns into a disaster movie set piece instead. yay. Nora's almost immediately forced to make a difficult decision, but she gets the job done. and when she and Roderigo collect themselves, they find communications wanting and go off in the search of a status update. in the laptop room, they're able to confirm the station is about 70% compromised, and there's an evac room that's still functioning. on the way there, they find Paul resting in a rock coffin. and in saving him, guarantee that they'll have some levity along their journey. oh, this is gonna be funny. after wriggling through a tight space and navigating around the corpses of their friends, they find the few remaining survivors, including the captain, who confirms the escape pods are gone, as is the submersible. and with the thermal core approaching critical mass, their time on the Keppler is limited. his recommendation is to fall back to the drill itself until help comes. as a bonus treat, they had the last recording from the drill station before disaster struck. [Applause]. hey, that sounds encouraging. in the staging room, they find as much good equipment as they can't, strip down and suit up. and what I imagine to represent the cosplayers wet dream. and then, just to make sure we know this [ __ ] is serious, Rodrigo suffers an extreme pressurization due to a faulty helmet. then one quick leap of faith into the darkness, and they're taking an elevator to the bottom. they make a quick stop along the way to check a possible distress signal and a way. team proceeds into the murky darkness, finding a pod that appears to have imploded and be covered in some sort of view. there's also a body president, which seems to now contain its own deep water ecosystem. they poked and prodded a bit and returned with this beautiful specimen of nature. the examination is cut short when they lose power, so they pop this bad boy neutral to flow gracefully to the bottom. except they move in and strange noises surround them. before they can figure out what that is, the final exultation 's of the kepler station shoot them to the bottom, forcing them to then run across the ocean floor, while dodging detritus at the weigh station. they proceed along another tube, eventually reaching high water here are Nora offers to scout ahead, and Emily's like, excuse me, which is fair. so they make their way through, except as Paul surfaces, something snags his cable and starts tugging on him. before he can get it released, it pins him against the wreckage and eventually pulls him out of his suit, which is a messy affair. and condemns this unfunny movie to be a little less funny still. when they reach the outpost, they're surprised to see the 6 thousand ton drill mangled. Emily posits that they dug too far, taking indiscriminately and without consent, and Mother Nature is pushing back and protecting the gentle ecosystem with Lovecraftian monsters, of course. in their next floor walk, they run across a specter like creature that likes to grab folks and drag him around a bit. Smith is the first to go for a ride when Nora and the captain tethered themselves and tried to recover him there, then taking on a tandem trip as well, stopping momentarily when Nora snagged some wreckage there. the specter gets curious about his new trinkets, ultimately deciding to take a little taste, as any of us would, and causing the captain to get stabby. when this happens, it Rockets upward at a dangerous rate. the captain cuts himself loose and implodes. as Nora floats gently back to the ocean floor, she finds herself nearby the now-defunct Sheppard drill station inside there are no escape pods, but there is oxygen and supplies. so she stalks up and heads back to the ocean floor, eventually hearing voices, and following the signal to her comrades, the ladies partner up and drag Smith, the unconscious love of Emily's life, toward the drill. when they arrived, they noticed the walkway seems to be an awfully lot more by tentacled than specifications allow for. so they attempt to proceed carefully, but the party atmosphere causes Emily's suit to engage its rave protocol. Norah lays down a distraction, while Emily makes for shelter, holding off the monsters by allowing herself to be fully deep-throated before flare gunning her way out from the inside like a clever girl. she then discovers that these little boogers are actually the foot fungus of a much, much larger entity, which is briefly silhouetted by her flare. they make it inside and find a pod room, which always only has enough pods for the exact number of people present, which is unfortunate since there are only two-thirds functional since Smith has been sleeping through the movie. they get rid of him first. Norah then compels Emily to take the second pod since she's more valuable due to her romantic entanglement with Smith, the loveless solitary. Norah then takes back her power, dying in the manner of her choosing and ensuring safe passage for the pods by riding this nuclear catastrophe straight up the eldritch gods, butthole indirectly to help. underwater was hailed as a love Leonard loved crap. but was it? though? it was not a bad movie per se, but it was fairly standard. and it's not totally clear to me what differentiates this film from any other film like it. if you enjoy the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. [Music]. 