[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2017 action thriller film, John wick, chapter 2. so let's get started. part of this summary relies on you having seen the first film. check the cards above for the summary. four days after the events of the first film, John wick retrieves his stolen Mustang, destroying it in the process. he returns home, has his Mustang taken for repairs and cements his weapons into the ground. once again. as soon as he is done cementing, the door bell is rung by Italian crime lord Santino. in order to retire. Santino swore John to a marker, an unbreakable promise. Santino demands services from John, who declines. in retaliation, Santino destroys John's home with a grenade launcher. John travels to the Continental Hotel in New York. Winston reminds John that if he rejects the marker, he will be violating the high tables rules. John reluctantly accepts and is tasked with assassinating santiana sister Gianna, so he can claim her seat on the high table. John infiltrates Gianna's coronation party. he confronts her, and Gianna takes her own life. Santino opens a 7 million dollar contract for John's death under the guise of avenging his sister. John seeks help from an underground crime lord who guides him to Santino's location. Santino escapes to the Continental where he intends to stay in its sanctuary. despite Winston's warnings, John kills santiana in the continental lounge / the high table. the contract on John has been doubled and opened globally. John has been excommunicated from the continental, losing all of its resources. however, Winston delays the announcement for one hour and provides him with a marker for future use. as John and his dog run through the park, cell phones around him ring, signaling that the global contract has been announced. so that was a spoiler for John wick chapter 2. if you have a film you'd like to see a spoil let us know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 