Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain a horror, sci-fi, thriller film called \xe2\x80\x9cThe Mist.\xe2\x80\x9d Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. On a gloomy morning in a small rural town in Maine, David, an illustrator, examines the aftermath of a freak thunderstorm that happened the previous night. An old tree had broken through their window, and his son, Billy, calls David and his wife Steff to see the lakehouse had been destroyed too. David sees that a tree from their neighbor\xe2\x80\x99s yard had fallen onto the lakehouse. The family spots a sizeable amount of mist coming down from the mountain, and David considers it strange even after a heavy thunderstorm. David then decides to head over to his neighbor\xe2\x80\x99s yard to talk about the fallen tree, and Steff warns him to be cautious, alluring to David and their neighbor\xe2\x80\x99s past land dispute. David meets with Norton, who\xe2\x80\x99s struggling to get his chainsaw working. David informs Norton and sees Norton\xe2\x80\x99s car had also been damaged. Norton then asks David a favor, asking him to go to town to buy materials for repairs. David agrees, thinking it would mend relations with Norton. Norton, David, and Billy head into town, encountering repair vehicles on a convoy with the military. Norton recognizes them as soldiers from a nearby military base working on Project Arrowhead. Norton asks if David knows about the project, and David says speculations range from crashed alien spacecraft to supernatural creatures. They head into the store, and David chats with store employees Sally and Ollie, who are busy tending to many customers. Norton thanks David, and Billy asks David if he and Norton have reconciled. David says it\xe2\x80\x99s too early to tell, but for the moment, they are civil. A group of soldiers enters the store, excited to leave the town for a short vacation. One of them, Jessup, shares a smile with Sally before greeting an older woman, Mrs. Reppler. Mrs. Reppler greets Billy, asking him how he managed the thunderstorm before rambling about the storm and how it damaged a significant portion of the town. As Mrs. Reppler talks, David spots a woman, Amanda, who gives him a flirty look. Norton notices a Military Police officer entering the store and talking to Jessup\xe2\x80\x99s group. Sirens are heard from police and the fire department speeding across town. The Military Police officer then gives Jessup orders to cancel their vacations and to head back to the base as soon as possible. Everyone in the store stops when sirens blare from the military base. A man with a bloodied nose, Dan, comes running into the store, shouting that there are creatures in the mist that took one of his friends. Ollie tries calming him down, but he cries, telling them to lock the store doors. One of the shoppers rushes out to get to his car, but the mist rolls in, enveloping everything. They only hear faint screams from the man. Everyone stares at the store window in silence, seeing nothing but white, when tremors rock the store. The store manager, Bud, tells everyone to stay in the store, but a woman insists she needs to get home to her kids. Mrs. Carmody, a religious nut, says the fog is death and is a sign of the apocalypse. David later meets with Mrs. Reppler, and she introduces him to Amanda, who is new to town. He tends to Billy, keeping him comfortable. Ollie, the store clerk, tells David he can find blankets in the loading dock. David heads to the loading dock and sees the store generator had clogged. He navigates through the darkness, and he hears rattling coming from the store roll-up doors. The banging gets louder, and David runs back into the store, scared. He runs into Ollie and a few others who are on their way to check the generator. David tells them about the noise, and they all go in to investigate. Jim, one of the men, hands them flashlights, and another store employee, Norm, joins them. They discover something is clogging the generator\xe2\x80\x99s exhaust, and Norm plans on unclogging it from outside. David objects, saying they don\xe2\x80\x99t know what\xe2\x80\x99s in the mist, but Jim and Norm want to proceed, saying they don\xe2\x80\x99t appreciate David talking down to them just because he\xe2\x80\x99s a famous illustrator. David defends himself, saying he\xe2\x80\x99s only concerned about everyone\xe2\x80\x99s safety, but Jim gets angry, threatening David. The roll-up doors open, and Norm prepares to head out. The thick mist rolls in, and they all make fun of David for being afraid of the mist. Suddenly a massive tentacle materializes from the fog and wraps around Norm\xe2\x80\x99s foot before pulling him out. David dives in to help Norm, but the rest of the men are frozen in fear. More tentacles appear, and Ollie rushes to get an ax. The tentacles open, revealing claws and wounding Norm, ripping chunks of his flesh out. Ollie prepares to hack the tentacle off, but it pulls Norm out, making Ollie miss. Norm still manages to hold on, and David and Ollie try to pull him back. Jim and the other man are in shock, unable to help as more tentacles wriggle in. Ollie and David have no choice but to let go of Norm, or else they\xe2\x80\x99ll get pulled out too. Norm disappears into the mist, screaming. Ollie rushes to close the doors while David tries to fight off the tentacles. He gets the ax and hacks away at one of the bigger tentacles, chopping off its tip as the door shuts. David then punches Jim, blaming him for Norm\xe2\x80\x99s death. Ollie separates the two men, and David continues berating Jim for not helping. They meet back up inside the store and plan on how they would tell everyone. David begins by telling Norton, but he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t believe them. David then invites Norton to check the loading dock to see the tentacle and Norm\xe2\x80\x99s blood, but Norton becomes hostile, thinking the group would beat him up for payback for suing David. The rest of the people in the store hear the commotion, and David tells them what they experienced. Unsurprisingly, nobody believes them. David then shows them the loading dock full of blood and the disembodied tentacle. Bud returns to confirm to everyone that what David said is accurate. Some of the shoppers help barricade the windows, but Norton is unconvinced, believing the scene in the loading dock is an elaborate trick. He tries convincing some of the shoppers to leave with him while Mrs. Camody tells everyone that what\xe2\x80\x99s happening to them is foretold in the bible, and this is the will of God. She continues talking until she becomes the center of the store\xe2\x80\x99s attention, and she resorts to scare children. She then declares the mist demands a blood sacrifice. Ollie tries to neutralize the situation, threatening Mrs. Carmody if she continues scaring the people. Billy overhears the soldiers discussing something, but David takes him away. Billy is scared, thinking about his mom, but David reassures him that they\xe2\x80\x99ll make it back to her. David meets with the rest of the people, who are arming themselves, and some suggest making torches. Amanda reveals that she has a gun with her and hands it to Ollie, who has had lots of experience shooting. A commotion starts when Norton and a small group decide to head out. David tries to talk them out of leaving, but Norton believes that leaving the store would be the best decision to make, thinking there's nothing dangerous in the mist. David asks one of the men to head out with a rope tied to their waist to retrieve a shotgun in one of the shopper's cars. A biker volunteers and heads out with Norton's group. David mans the rope tied to the biker's waist until it starts getting pulled. It takes three men to pull back the rope, and when they manage to pull the rope back, only the biker's lower half appears. Myron and Jim fix up lights, attaching them to batteries. The lights would illuminate the store in emergencies, in case something gets into the store. Later, a massive flying creature appears in the store window. Soon, more of the creatures appear, and David realizes it's the lights that are attracting them. More enormous creatures then appear and start hunting the giant insects. Jim and Myron rush to turn the lights on, unknowingly making the situation worse. The shop window shatters, and the creatures pour into the store. David tries lighting a mop turning it into a makeshift torch, trying to fend away the critters. Chaos ensues as more creatures get in, and some of the people get injured and killed. Fire ignites in the store, and David and the others manage to kill several creatures by lighting them on fire, and Ollie kills one of the creatures, saving Billy. They manage to plug up the window hole, and things calm down for a bit. One person says Mrs. Carmody\xe2\x80\x99s premonition had come true as she predicted creatures would come for them during the night. David goes around, checking on everyone, and another man seems he had been fatally injured. Amanda sees another person had drunk an entire bottle of sleeping pills. David gathers with some of the survivors, and they discuss the possibility of them leaving, saying how the store is not secure enough. David plans on going to a pharmacy next door to gather supplies for the injured before taking his car and driving away as far as they could. Some of the survivors agree with him, but Amanda is afraid that the mist may cover a farther distance than they think. David acknowledges this but is also concerned about how Mrs. Carmody is slowly garnering a following with her religious rantings and how the situation could worsen the group\xe2\x80\x99s paranoia. Carmody keeps babbling about how the mist demands sacrifice, and he\xe2\x80\x99s scared the rest of the survivors might start believing her. Amanda says everyone in the store is civilized and would never resort to a barbaric practice, but Dan points out that scared people turn desperate in situations like these. A few hours later, David and a group plan to get to the pharmacy. Billy cries, afraid he\xe2\x80\x99ll lose his father, but David promises to return. Carmody then stands in their way, telling them going to the pharmacy will lead the creatures back, bringing God\xe2\x80\x99s wrath with them. Private Jessup joins the group, leaving his other soldier companions back in the store. They venture into the mist and successfully make it to the pharmacy. They rummage through the aisles for supplies and find enough medicine for the wounded. They then spot webs in the ceiling and find people wrapped in webbed cocoons stuck to the ceiling. One of the cocooned people suddenly grabs Jim and is revealed to be the Military Police officer. He starts apologizing, saying it was their fault. He then starts convulsing, his eyes turning white. Jim then comes across one of the creatures, a giant spider, and Ollie shoots, but more creatures appear and start shooting out acid webs. One man gets his leg wrapped by the acidic webs, and it melts his skin off. The Military Police officer then drops to the ground and bursts open, hundreds of spiders spewing out. The group is overrun, and they start retreating to the supermarket. Unfortunately, a few members of the group get left behind. They reach the supermarket all shouting and scared. David runs to Billy and holds him tight. The following day, David awakens to Carmody having a sermon with a large group of the survivors listening intently. Ollie says Carmody has become extremely convincing, the group treating her as a prophet, believing what she\xe2\x80\x99s saying would come true. Jim is wholeheartedly joined in the sermon. David\xe2\x80\x99s group is still decided on leaving. He decides to talk to the soldiers, remembering the Military Police officer back at the pharmacy who was apologizing and saying it was their fault. They find Jessup and ask him what he knows about the mist. Jessup says he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t know anything, and the group notices the other two soldiers are missing. The group decides to look for the soldiers in the loading dock, but Jim sees them. They discover that the soldiers had hung themselves. Jessup says the soldiers must have hung themselves after he told them what the Military Police officer had said. Jim sees this and drags Jessup out to the crowd, announcing to them he heard confirmation that the mist is the military\xe2\x80\x99s fault because of Project Arrowhead. Jessup admits he heard rumors about how the military was experimenting with an interdimensional portal, and Carmody begins reciting how Project Arrowhead has incurred the wrath of God, calling Jessup blasphemous. The crowd starts punching Jessup, and one of the men starts stabbing him. Carmody then orders them to feed Jessup to the beasts in the mist, and the crowd carries him out, cheering and shouting. Jessup begs to be taken back in, but Jim locks him out. Within seconds, a massive crab-looking creature appears and snatches Jessup away. That night, David comforts Billy, telling Billy he will never leave him again. Billy asks David to protect him from the monsters, and David promises he will never let the monsters get to Billy. Dawn arrives the following day, and the group prepares to leave, but Carmody is waiting for them by the door. She says they are blasphemous for disobeying her, calling them sinners. She then tells everyone that David\xe2\x80\x99s group should be sacrificed to the mist and orders her followers to take Billy as their first sacrifice. David\xe2\x80\x99s group gets swarmed, and they try fighting back as Carmody shouts, ordering her followers to kill them. Ollie then steps out and shoots Carmody. Carmody\xe2\x80\x99s followers start backing away, allowing David\xe2\x80\x99s group to leave. The group reaches the front door and starts running through the mist to find David\xe2\x80\x99s car. Ollie reaches the car first but gets snatched by the giant crab. The rest of the group are picked out one by one by the giant spiders and get separated. David, Billy, Mrs. Reppler, and Dan reach the car, but the rest are less fortunate. David spots Ollie\xe2\x80\x99s gun and takes it before he starts the car. They pass by the store windows with the rest of the survivors watching them drive away. They go to David\xe2\x80\x99s house, and David sees his wife wrapped in a web cocoon. He cries but decides to continue driving for Billy\xe2\x80\x99s sake. They drive as far as they could, seeing death and destruction everywhere. A humungous behemoth filled with tentacles passes them, rocking the car with each step. They continue driving until they run out of fuel, and the car rolls into a stop. David looks around at the car\xe2\x80\x99s inhabitants, hopeless and defeated, and can tell they all have one thing in mind. He takes the gun and finds that it has four bullets left, four bullets for five passengers. David would be the odd man out. He starts loading the weapon and fires four times in quick succession. David screams in agony before stepping out into the mist. He shouts and stomps, wanting the creatures in the mist to come for him. He hears rumbling, and as he prepares to meet his demise, an armored tank appears. The fog slowly lifts, and a military convoy passes him carrying survivors and soldiers armed to the teeth. David collapses to his knees, his screams filled with pain. The mist clears as soldiers carrying flamethrowers and rifles are lay waste to the creatures. If only they have waited a few seconds more, and they could have all been saved. 