welcome to serious spoilers. today i will share a horror thriller movie from 2020 titled his house. spoilers ahead. watch and enjoy. the film opens with bull rial and their daughter, niagara, fleeing the violence of their home country, south sudan. they make it to a small, overcrowded boat headed to britain. the boat capsizes and all those aboard fall into the water. the film jumps ahead to bowl and real in a detention center. niagara is not there. they are summoned by government bureaucrats, who tell them they are in luck. an entire two-story row house has been made available and assigned to them. they don't even have to share it with any other refugees. the panel tells them that, as their citizenship application is pending, the pair must not get any job and must reside in the assigned housing. they say that if bowl and rial fit in with the local british and follow the rules, they will likely be granted citizenship. bowl and real are brought to the small home. a social worker named mark welcomes them in. the house is dilapidated, but all theirs. mark says the home is bigger than his. mark likes the new couple and reiterates that if they behave themselves and prove they are one of the good ones, they can make a new life in britain. bowl is enthusiastic about the new start, while real remains reserved. rial makes a necklace out of the beads on one of her niagara stalls. that night, bull hears voices in the house and thumping inside the wall. he looks in an exposed part of the wall and thinks he sees a ghost. however, a bird flies out from the wall. bull chalks up the phenomena to the bird. the next morning, the couple surveys the dilapidated neighborhood. bull's neighbor glares at him when he goes to throw away their trash. bowl journeys out and gets a haircut. we learn that bowl isn't even sure where in britain they actually are. on his way home, some locals invite him to their church to watch a soccer game. bull learns the british soccer chance and sings to root for the home team. when he returns home, real is unimpressed with bull's ventures. that night, bull again hears noises from behind the walls. he ventures downstairs and sees some wallpaper fall away to reveal a big hole. inside the hole is seaweed. as he pulls on the strand of seaweed, a specter sneaks up behind him. at the end of the rope of seaweed is niagara stall, a corpse. then jumps out of the wall to grab the doll. bull closes his eyes, and when he opens them, finds the wall in its original state. he stays up all night scraping the wallpaper off all the walls in the house. when real wakes up, she finds bowl gone in the ground, littered with wallpaper. as she cleans up, she sees a vision of their escape from south sudan. she leaves the house to go to a nearby clinic. she can't find her way out of the complex. the streets seem to change to trap her. she is fearful of her neighbors and becomes more lost. she finally approaches some black teenagers to ask for help. although they help her, they also mock her accent and tell her to go back to africa. at the clinic, real receives a clean bill of health. she explains to the nurse that the raised tattoos on her and bull's body indicate what tribe they belong to. because of the warfare, we all got tattoos of both warring tribes so that neither would attack her. however, this also meant she never really belonged anywhere. when the nurse asks about nyogak riyal simply says they lost her on the journey to britain. real buys some groceries and returns home. she hears a voice whisper come emanate from within the walls. she watches as a peach obeys the voices command rolling across the floor and into the hole in the wall. many voices then begin speaking to her. when bull returns home, he apologizes for his absence. he finds real has made a traditional meal and set it out on a rug, as they used to eat in africa. bowl forces them to use silverware rather than using their hands, their traditional way of eating, and also says they must start eating at the table so that they can fit in. he insists on speaking in english. real tells him a folktale of a man who so desperately wanted a house he stole from others in order to get it. as a result, the man in his house were cursed and eventually destroyed. she then tells bold that she has seen the ghost in their home. bull denies seeing the ghosts real. calls him a liar and says that they must repay their debt to break the curse. that night, bull again hears voices. he begins carving open the walls. as he does he hears african music and voices. he sees many ghosts throughout the house. bull is then attacked by niagara, wearing a tribal mask. he flees his house. when he returns, he insists that they are cursed through one of the objects from their home country. bull collects all of the clothes and goods they brought from africa and lights them on fire. he sees the necklace real made out of niagara's beads, and rips it off her neck. she begs him not to destroy her links to her home. he tosses the necklace into the fire. anyway, bull goes to the mall, where he is shadowed the whole time by mall security, and buys western style clothes. when he returns home, he repairs all the wiring in the house, wounding his hand in the process, the walls are now full of gaping holes. when he finishes, he finds real talking to an unseen presence. she is discussing returning home to south sudan. bowl angrily sets the table for dinner and tells riyal she must integrate into the british community. she responds that the ghosts have promised that if she complies with their wishes, they will reunite, and that she should be afraid of bull. bull angrily eats his dinner with silverware when he realizes he has been transported inside. a vision, he is alone at sea. watery corpses rise from the water and approach him. the vision ends, but he is still attacked by the ghosts. they disappear. whenever he turns on the lights, and he struggles to light up his entire house, the ghosts scream out they can't breathe. and niagara yells that she can't swim. once all the lights are on, bowl sees the ghost crawling inside the walls. he smashes more holes in the walls and screams at them to leave. bull visits mark and asks for new housing. mark is skeptical of the request, given that their home is bigger than his. noting bull's wounded hand and disheveled appearance, he says they will need to conduct an investigation. they go to bull's house and see all the holes. bowl claims it is the result of vermin. because mark believes in bolt, he says he is willing to issue only a warning, so long as things are straightened out. rialdin walks out of the bedroom dressed in the sudanese clothing and necklace that bull had burned. she tells mark that the apartment has been destroyed because they are being haunted by ghosts in a witch. mark says he is going to report the couple to his supervisors, with the implication being they will be sent back to south sudan. when mark leaves, bull and we all fight with each other over where they belong. when he goes out for air, bull's neighbor tells him he should just leave the home as they will be sent back to africa no matter what. bowl refuses to abandon his new home and knocks all of the door and window handles off so that he and real can't leave. he then lights a candle and asks the ghost to talk with him. he is approached by a ghost slash which calling itself the butcher. the witch says that it will reunite nyogaq with riyal, so long as bull sacrifices himself to repay his debts. bull refuses and realizes that the witch cannot directly harm him. although the witch can't physically harm bull, the witch tortures him with visions of the ghostly niagara dead at sea. meanwhile, rial reattaches a window handle and crawls out of the home. she ends up in a vision that she is back in south sudan. she greets all of her friends in a tearful reunion. however, she is then approached by the witch. the witch forces real to remember the truth of her past, which she had repressed. we see that rial and bull survived an attack by one of the warring tribes that left most of their friends and family dead. they, along with other refugees, flee to a bus to be taken out of the war zone. rial and bull are denied entry onto the bus as the workers are prioritizing the evacuation of families with children. rial and bull do not have any children. vol sees niagara in the crowd and grabs her, claiming that niagara is their child. they are lit on the bus. just before it departs, niagara's real mother sees niagara on the bus and pursues it, screaming out for her daughter. the bus does not stop, and the mother is left behind. rial swears to protect their new daughter. the trio is eventually placed on a boat to britain. however, it capsizes and everyone begins drowning. a rescue raft shows up. bull is one of the few people who can swim. he grabs rial and swims with her to the rescuers. nyagak and many others drown the ghosts are of all the people, including niagarak, that died so that real and bull could live. the witch explains that if real delivers bull to him, he will reunite real with niagara. real re-enters the apartment where bull waits for her. she goes to grab the kitchen knife, but can't bring herself to kill bull. however, bull grabs the knife and wounds himself. he is ready to sacrifice himself to atone for what he did and to bring niagara back. bull admits all his wrongdoings. as real leaves the room, the floor breaks open, and the witch crawls out from the ground. the witch begins consuming bowl. as bowl is being consumed, nyagak appears and takes ryle's hand. as real hears bull dying, she realizes that her home is with him. she tells her deceased friends and nyaya gak that she must return home. rial then grabs the knife and slays the witch. bull is saved. jumping ahead in time, mark and his supervisors arrive for another inspection. they find all the holes in the wall patched and the home nicely, though sparsely decorated. though the inspectors are annoyed, they will seemingly allow rial and bull to stay out of his colleague's earshot. mark asks real what happened. rial says she killed the witch. as for the ghosts, she says they are still with them and always will be, as the ghosts are part of who they are. but the two affirm they will live with the ghosts while making a new life together. the film ends with bowl and real peacefully sitting with the ghosts of their past. what did you think of the movie? i want to hear your comments below. thanks everyone for watching. don't forget to subscribe until the next spoiler 