listen. so the half of it was meant to premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival, which that got cancelled, but the movie still won Best narrative. now it's on Netflix. and considering its cyrano roots, this is like them making up for Ciara bridges, in my opinion, with a version that actually makes sense, while also reminding us that we are the source of our own house. let me explain. so director Alice Wu actually has her master's in computer science, but then she quit her job at Microsoft to go make movies and ended up with a really good one that made it to Sundance. this time around, she took her own backstory and fleshed it out for a coming-of-age comedy that I personally would give a junior price to now, maybe even a combo. so full spoilers ahead. we follow Ellie, who writes papers for her classmates. and has that all the double guarantee. although even the teachers don't care, cuz then they'd have to read the real stuff from the students. can rise it? when I used to sell chocolates at high school for my own fundraisers, but I even had the teachers lining up like they did not care if it was a world's finest my $0.50 a set of $1.00 sounded fine to them. this guy, Paul, then follows after her and pitches her her he wants her to write him a letter to give to the girl of her dreams, even though she's already with another dude. Paul Muntz key, second string tight end football. I'm not good with words. you don't say with your man in stats makes you screwy. don't you get screwy? no, naw. you sounds like yours were already loose. he's that tall puppy, like kid in your class who you know means well. but he was goofing off all the time. this man searched up the definition of plagiarize in order to accuse her of it. his family is kind of almost, Oh, big, even though they deal with sausages all day. and even in real life, my man's a little goofy. he drink so many milkshakes. I just remember looking at him and there was just, like, nothing in the eyes. and I was like, Daniel, are you okay? he was like, you know, can we have a bucket on standby? you need a drink ten or twelve milkshakes today. not all heroes wear capes. [Applause]. Elly takes the offer because she needs the money. and she starts a relationship with this girl. asked her, as they write back and forth. and Elly starts learning about herself. if I knew what love was, I would quote myself. and so we have our three main leads. but I think where it's very similar as my dad and I did not develop a relationship with words so much. a lot of times the way we would connect is we would just sit there and we would eat food and watch something together. but where, again, we're very similar. it's like, neither of my parents, and I think this is very common in Chinese culture, and probably in other Asian American cultures, is or Asian cultures, we don't say the words, I love you between parent and child. that in Mandarin would be more reserved for like a lover, right? what we do is we just do things for each other. Aster's the dad of the local pastor who's just pale and pretty enough to fit in mium would seem to the input for, oh, you know, it's serious when it's in Spanish. her boyfriend is a Jack of the town but he's only interested in the dimple things. it's, it's always about him. and considering his family owns the town, she starts to get noticed by the mean girls, even though it's the Mean Girls I make fun of her for not owning her own house. le then has to teach this man how to talk. Li like a literally out of talk. conversation is like ping-pong. I hit one and then you what? but considering Ali's never been kissed, she's taking notes - how do you know she wants to be kissed? she gives you a look, oh, look, yeah, like um Astra. Nellie eventually spend the day together, and the two get to know each other better as a strategist, or how to feel, before Paul tries doc. coppaFeel, you don't know why someone else. boy, I really like the animated intro on the Greek mythos to other halves. you know, it brings about a mirror motif that we see throughout the entire film. Ali even lives in the Attic, while Paul lives in the basement. they try to meet in the middle, like we do create our own health because of our inability to figure out how to connect with each other. we see that in the play that keeps getting passed around throughout the movie, which pretty much claims that hell is other people. amen. and it goes with Wu statement that we tend to cry more about breakups with people that we've known for, Leo, probably weeks, maybe months, and not broken friendships. a difference between a good painting got a great painting, it's typically five strokes, and they are usually the five boldest strokes in the painting. I read a lot of publications that come from adults that are upset that teens didn't go full like, blue is the warmest color. but I personally appreciate the maturity to tackle stuff like religion and raise, you know, the way they flip the ending, because it actually focused on real intimacy. you're not what, uh, Studios deem as intimate, Yasir boy fooling around with to us into le doesn't believe in the church, but the church believes in her. here's favorite, even he can't handle mediocre accompanists, even if they are saved. and I really do believe that, you know, fellowshipping is important. it creates community, like it's done here. but I having been to enough churches growing up. I also understand that congregation mentality tends to ignore anyone that doesn't fit within the congregation mentality. so really, everyone who's different just gets cast on the side. they don't realize that just because a verse applies to you doesn't make it Universal. love isn't patient and kind and humble. love is what is messy. girl really said, 1 Corinthians. I really appreciated the small-town perspective from the small minority within it, and something that the upcoming 824 masterpiece me knotty covers. and both do it in a way that doesn't condemn. usually movies are so overbearing when pitting, you know, like two opposites, but this movie embraces both. who isn't just speaking to the alleys out there with this movie. she wants the rest of the small town to listen to the characters aren't blurting out labels, because these are people dealing with their personal thoughts, not a hashtag move. it actually makes it feel like real people. because I wanted fresh faces, right for a film like this. I think it does make a difference if you believe these characters exist, but the chemistry they have also built up. both first as the characters. and then that now bled into them as like, just friends and people. because sometimes you'll see this, like, teen stars and like that. if the pretty boy shows up, you like, that guy does not need help trying to get that girl right? that said, I read an AP article that talked about how Woo's previous saving face was the last Hollywood film featuring a chinese-american cast or crazy rich Asians legit. thought they were lying. so I had to look it up. brah. the jump goes 93, 2017. like, I love Google, but that's an indie. honestly, I should be adding five years because of the buffoonery goes to the shop calling child the place of dad. I mean, here's the other thing, not only is it PhD, and he's also well-spoken, and he understood, See's watches like, you know, wings of desire, but also he's super handsome. initially, the concentrator sent me like, initially, send me a listen. literally, it'd be all these people who looked a little bit like mr. Miyagi. I'd be like, now, as a Mexican cartoon I don't really have too much experience as a young Asian American female. but this video I caught by Christina on YouTube, I think explains the perspective much better, like it really showcases what the movie does well, cuz, well, oh, it's false Chinese friend. I didn't hear you come in the last scene between pawn to dad. I think it's beautiful, just just in terms of their viewpoints and how its hindered them from fully seeing their loved ones potential and realizing how it's not up to them to decide other people's paths. I have been writing your papers for the last four years. if you'll forgive me, I'm just gonna rewrite you one last time. in the end, obviously, everything gets revealed as they all congregate for an impromptu proposal for high schoolers. but Ellie, after spending the entire movie quote and others, finally comes up with her own, with the emphasis not being on the happily ever after that every movie focuses on when it comes to relationships, and instead focuses on the relationship, because this really is a polished stroke you can make. but is this the same streaming service that gave us these throughout the movie? it shot to highlight Ellie's viewpoints. and out she's a French Montana of her own movie. it's like literally all her duties in front of her, on her face. she clearly doesn't think she's the main character in the story. and it isn't until the end, when she finally takes control of her story, that we get to see your face to face and realize that an ending doesn't have to mean things are over, but that it's the start of a new beginning. that's said. it is called the half of it. so give the people what they want. thank you guys for checking out this video. and I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. I do have a bit more to say. you know, I don't know if y'all want to stick around. if y'all busy, you're welcome to leave. but if you'd like to stay, I have some other stuff. like, I really just like the little things in this movie, the titles, you know, the very nice cuts. I love how they work in technology, because there's so many Netflix movies that you've heard me complain about, or shows where they want to deal with the anxiety of the digital age, and then just don't deal with the digital part of it when it's not convenient. but I like this movie because I really see was a real one. like she was talking about in an interview, she had Easter eggs for a saving face just throughout the movie, but doesn't blurt it out at all. and legit. when you think about the fact that, to all the boys is encouraging more actresses than the stuff that's in theaters, yeah, that's when you realize, you guys have a problem. but it's good to see that there was less changes that were made here. on top of that, I really like this excerpt here where she was talking about how they, they wanted her to change the ending to saving face. and I love how she stuck with it, and how she says that history has proven her right. like, I remember when I started this YouTube thing and people just thought it was a joke. now now here watching movies for a living, but the movies that she's making, like to go out there and make a project and you actually have to pitch it to all these other people. they don't believe in you, and then like, my life proved it to be right. I don't know, I just find that so fascinating. I think it's dope. I want to see the sequel where he goes all ratatouille because of the critics that come to like, no, no use sausages. but it's interesting to see that half of it, the half of it, what are the friends we made along the way, really, if you look at it. but I really like the movie. I think it's a very cute one. I think most people are just gonna think that it's too cute for its own good and ignore it. but again, give it a couple of years, and then you're gonna notice that a lot of movies it, this movie feels more cliche than it is. like it feels like it's already been out there to a degree. but I see a lot of movies within the next coming years being referred to back as, oh, that reminds the other half of it. it's my thoughts. I guess history will see, but I'm curious to know your thoughts. let me know down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. and don't be afraid to make bold strokes. 