hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a horror film. black box spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. the movie begins with nolan wright reminiscing about his family's blurred and puzzled memories in a dream. with a confused gaze at the photos of his family, nolan barely recalls the dazzling smiles and tears of joy when his daughter was born. suddenly, the nostalgia in this dream becomes a nightmare when an unknown man tries to strangle him. helplessly, the vision settles down when he hears the voice of his daughter eva. nolan wakes up with such bewilderment, he witnesses his ten-year-old daughter, who serves as his vocabulary in reviving the lost memory. the horror film arises through an amnesiac person with an enigmatic background. at the beginning, we can surmise that the main character experiences a tragic event, which leads to exploring his identity as he learns about himself. nolan grasped that he is a 33 year old photographer who now becomes a single parent. after getting involved in a tragic experience, he realizes that a car accident six months ago, brings him to the current uncertainty of self-identity and severe memory loss, together with clueless thoughts and those memories handicapped is the death of his wife, rachel wright. moreover, he receives warnings from ava's teacher, who threatens to report him to child services for his negligence and forgetful behavior to his primary obligations as ava's father. he even fails to get another photography contract, as the clients prefer his performance before this near-death experience. the only way for them to sign it up again is to bring his memory back. with all these things happening to him, he calibrates that the only way to bounce back from the seeming chaos is to find those missing pieces of his puzzle, and these are his memories. out of desperation, he decides to undergo an experimental procedure believed and studied to make his subconscious active and memories recovered. through dr lillian brooks. this beacon of hope will only be possible through the hands of a brilliant neurologist. the said doctor has a significant but mysterious interest in nolan's health condition, and is best known for the dream project. this therapy works through an apparatus and headset called a black box, which focuses on putting the person on those memories. it happens by navigating the person under hypnosis and gradually opening the patient's subconscious process, will then extract those memories from their minds and make them into virtual experiences like dreams. he hopes for the effectiveness of the said treatment in the soonest possible time, as he urges to take care of his daughter, we can validly infer how the black box would slowly become an answer to the surrealistic atmosphere in nolan's lifeline of memory. wearing the black box for the first time on his first treatment, nolan sees nothing but a glimpse in the middle of the darkness. he only hears the voice of dr brooks. only considers the cursor being plunged into darkness to give life to hypnosis. in just a few seconds, he was able to probe another dimension the dark. screen suddenly depicts a virtual experience in a bedroom scene alone with a watch in the corner. nolan needs to click the crown of the analog watch, as instructed by dr brooks. in the middle of the treatment to travel to the next memory. from this we can now discover how this black box symbolizes another perspective of reality, a reality that makes nolan question who he is. the next memory launches in a wedding ceremony with a bride working in the owl towards him, suspecting this could be his wife. as the lady gets closer to him, he distinguishes that the bride has a blurred face, so does everyone else in that ceremony. while navigating a scene from his memory, a man crawls toward him with an unseen appearance that makes him terrified. and wakes up from the treatment. though he is frightened by the initial treatment results, nolan believes this is an improvement, and shares this with his brother, dr gary, who happens to be in the same medical ward as dr brooks. he shares the wedding scene during the first session of the treatment. indeed, he aspires to quickly heal and bring back the lost momentum to recuperate the bond with ava. one day, nolan approaches dr brooks again for his second session. he contemplates the thought of letting those memories instead, appear naturally in the subconscious. the doctor emphasizes that seeing blurred visions is expected in the preliminary stages of the treatment. as he wears the black box for the second time, only the darkness is the rhythm, until it routes him to a specific scenario. he finds himself in a room with a cry of a baby as the only symphony. he tries to locate the cry in that vision, and finally witnesses a baby with a blurred face. again, afterward, he sees broken plates on the floor and a figure of a woman crying and staring in a mirror with no distinct facial features. in another corner, a man with twisted bones suddenly appears, slowly crawling towards him. nolan is petrified and begins uttering the phrase several times, i run my mind. it doesn't run me. but that strange man in the vision continuously crawls toward him. the dream residing in the black box is then disturbed and interrupted by that man trying to choke him. with this overwhelming experience, dr brooks comforts and allows him to understand the enigma. the said doctor states that these visions are all components of his subconscious and once part of his past. the scene marks how the said device, black box, becomes a remedy of elegy and unacceptance. while the execution remains unpredictable, the message prevails and highlights the main character's life as nolan to deal with the confusion. nolan consults his brother again, dr gary, and asked him about what he witnesses in that process. he questions if he ever hit his wife, or anything in particular, such as violence that happened to them before. dr gary explains that it can be just hallucinations. considering the burden on his plates, such as with ava, his job and his wife's loss, the doctor supposes this trauma from the vehicle accident triggers this bewilderment. the next day, nolan visits an apartment with ava, and he sees a room that is perfectly similar to the visions during his first black box procedure. he sees a lady and a child lying on a sofa, so he immediately closes the door. what nolan sees makes him ultimately wonder why the place and setting are present in his treatment's perceived memories. as they climb the stairs, a snapshot of unestablished memories develops again to nolan, and he sees an unknown person falling on the stairs with such detailed orchestration. in this scene, the character gets disturbed whether these memories are his or just plainly manipulated. coupled with courage and doubt, nolan revisits his brother dr gary. he reflects on his memories again, but dr gary contradicts stating that the hints of violence should never be part of his memory, since he can attest how great nolan is as a father and husband. meanwhile, dr gary again examines nolan's medical history and laboratory reports due to nolan's doubts and interrogation. he then discovers a record of nolan after the accident, labelled as suspected brain death, and a follow-up note that he regains his consciousness after a three-day coma. these details push him to consult the other doctors about how quickly nolan recovers from a brain death situation. he investigates the skeptical and natural procedures of dr brooks to his brother. nolan revisits dr brooks for his third session in hypnosis treatment, since he aims to get a clearer image of his memories and experiences. in this session, he visions the wedding ceremony in the device, again with blurred faces and creepy images that appear from the first session. a man is crawling and slowly approaching him. nolan tries to remain his composure, until the strange man slaps him and shifts him to other familiar memories. with such eagerness to learn his memory, he clicks the watch's crown and another glimpse of memory arises. he finds himself in a hospital with a woman looking at him. this time, the face of the woman now has a definite and remarkable image. since he is in the same field as dr brooks, gary gives justice by deducing the information presented and revealing the intentions behind the unusual act. he wants to discover why false memories are experienced by his own brother. while the session is ongoing, dr gary tries to intervene and looks for dr brooks due to the questionable information and tests performed on nolan's case. but dr brook's assistant informs him that the procedure needs time and should not be interrupted for its effectiveness. the procedure continues and nolan is constantly pressing the analog watch to see different memories. he goes back to the wedding scene, and surprisingly, the woman's face is now vivid and recognizable. the memory exhibits a woman who is not nolan's wife. the image is the identity of a woman nolan saw in the apartment a few days ago, which is not related to him. correspondingly, a man now appears in the vision with his actual face, and discerns that these memories are his and not nolan's. in the middle of the session, procedure reveals a horrifying truth. nolan recounts that he is not nolan at all. thomas, the son of dr brooks, turns out to be the owner of memories, who died two years ago after falling off the stairs and the lady's husband named miranda, in the set apartment. it is now thomas memories and blueprints that govern nolan's body, little by little, through the help of his mother. unanticipatedly, the session stops when thomas is now taking over nolan's body with his memories completely. dr brooks bursts into tears and is mesmerized by the result. after a brilliant experiment, thomas appears alive in her patient's body by implanting those memories to a brain dead person in the form of nolan. when the doctor successfully pulls off the dream project, she rejoices with thomas and convinces her son to seize the moment of the second life. what leads dr brooks to execute the controversial procedure is her love and yearning for her son. indeed, acceptance for thomas death will never be an option for dr brooks, but actually an urgent motivation to remain steadfast in bringing back her son, no matter what difficulties it may face. as soon as thomas unfolds most of his memories in nolan's body, he sends ava to dr gary, intending to rebuild his real family and old life in the apartment. he remarks that he needs to send ava for no declared duration for the betterment of each party, since they are not related at all. though ava becomes confused, she still manages to understand and agrees to the plan of her dad. dr gary even respects his decision and comforts him in the best way possible. regardless of the changing behavior of nolan, thomas goes to the apartment nervously, and the only thing that runs in his mind is to make things right. from being an abusive husband and a failed son, thomas plans to transform his life and portrays a new beginning. he slowly introduces himself to miranda about how he relates to her. and she is not convinced, but confused. he begins telling stories and previous experiences as a couple, which enlightens her, but is now over. miranda has already moved on and is trying now to forget thomas, to think that he is in a wrong frame. thomas tolerates the fact by trying to live and disregard the life and obligations of nolan and his nolan. the moment thomas witnesses how his wife refuses him, this provokes his anger and violent behavior. so he attacks miranda. miranda knocks thomas out. before this man can come to their daughter, thomas finds himself in a road near dr. gary's house. ava notices the blood on the head of his father, nolan, who is now ruled by thomas. later, thomas confronts his mother, dr brooks, after seeing a vision of a twisted man crawling in a reflection. after what ava and gary discover, they quickly follow thomas in the lab of dr brooks. gary determines that nolan now has false memories, and they need to go to the lab to stop the experimentation and claim the actual and original nolan. the procedure with the black box begins again to settle the memories of thomas to nolan's system. finally, the only way to do this is to kill and eliminate the creepy, twisted man who appears to be crawling in any memory. thomas shifts to the apartment's specific memory and sees an approaching man with a twisted figure and unrecognizable face. as the creepy creature gets closer to thomas, the image becomes vividly comprehensible, only to learn that this is nolan's remnant and memory. we can then conclude here that nolan becomes an unwilling vessel of thomas memory and identity. since the movie began, it was thomas's thoughts and memories, until nolan refuses to be overpowered by it. a fight occurs in the labyrinth of consciousness between the inner self of thomas and nolan. when thomas is about to stab the vision of nolan to end nolan's identity. finally, ava's voice awakens the atmosphere of the black box, and nolan's inner self recognizes it. thomas attempts to kill that figure again, but his wife, miranda appears in the vision, and he suddenly remembers the cause of his death, which is his wife, who accidentally pushed him in the stairs for self-defense. thomas feels heartbroken and decides to exit nolan's consciousness and goes into the dark. the movie ends with nolan regaining his consciousness and reuniting with ava and dr gary. in contrast, dr brooks gets dismissed from the hospital due to her controversial procedure. at a film's closure, brook strives to redeem the data of his son's memory, again, waiting for the next patient whom she can crown the black box again, just like how everyone conquers everything with love, a mother's love, in the character of dr brooks, is more than willing to combat the risks and achieve the unknown. the movie essentially entails how love can be a mantra of an identity crisis, and how elegy can be the pillar of vulnerabilities, pushing us to mobilize disastrous realities. this is daniel cc movie. channel peace out. 