welcome to the man of recaps. this is the flash, season four. at the end of season three, barry allen went into the speed force to stop it from destroying the universe. and it seemed like he was gonna be in there for good. with the flash gone, it's up to our back up heroes to defend central city, especially wally west, who's now leading team kid flash. one day though, a flying robot samurai shows up, who's more than they can handle. so they figure it's time to do some science stuff and bring barry allen back. it doesn't seem to work though, because the portal opened up across town, and coming out of it is naked, bearded barry allen. unfortunately, his mind is totally warped. he's completely drying these strange symbols and spouting gibberish. cisco ramone is able to translate it. and what barry's saying is, this house is bitchin. that makes no sense right now, but it becomes a running joke throughout the season. you know, this house is uh bitchin. no, it's in need of some work. wow, this house is uh bitchin. no small this house is bitchin festive, hey, this house is [ __ ]. and you know everybody says that no hard to find. anyway, samurai captures iris, and with his lady love in danger, barry allen snaps out of it, goes up there a rescuer, and the flash is back. but when the portal opened up, it showered everyone on the bus with dark matter. and yes, it's created a whole new series of one-off meta-human villains of the week. the bus metas to help them face these new threats. team flash needs a harrison wells, and this season is the same grumpy earth to harry wells from season 2, who steps right back into his love-hate relationship with cisco while he west has been long-distance dating his daughter, jessie wells. but long-distance is hard. she dumps him with the traditional earthdude breakup cube. he's pretty sad about this. and with the flashback, they don't need kid flash anymore. so he's going off to find himself on the legends of tomorrow for a season. speaking of the legends, gorilla grodd is not in the season of the flash. he's over on the legends, this time doing his usual shenanigans and speaking of long-distance relationships. cisco's still dating gypsy, the interdimensional bounty hunter. one night, though, it's not gypsy preaching into cisco's bedroom. it's danny trejo here to kill him. yes, he is gypsy's father, breacher, who shows up sometimes and is hilarious. now what about dr caitlin snow, who left team flash at the end of the last season, she's been dealing with her killer frost alternate ego, who she hulks out into sometimes. in fact, killer frost has her own life going. she's joined a meta-human gang led by amu net, the smiley psycho british girl who has metal banning powers. pretty soon, though, kaitlyn's friends convince killer frost. they're her friends too, so they convinced her to drop the gang and rejoin team flash. and these days, she's not really evil anymore. she's more chaotic good. now, one of the bus metas is ralph dibny, private investigator who ends up with stretchy powers. he is constantly joking, basically doing his best jim carrey impression. turns out, barry knows ralph. he was a cop, and till barry got him kicked off the force for planting evidence. at first, barry thinks he's a real bad guy, but turns out he's a pretty good guy. so soon he joins team flash as the elongated man, which kind of sounds more like a porn actor than a superhero. now remember barry and iris got engaged last season, and it's time for the wedding, but it's rudely interrupted by their evil nazi doppelgangers from another earth. yes, it's big crossover this season, crisis on earth x. and long story short, at the end of it, barry and iris do get married in a joint wedding with oliver and felicity from arrow. but now for the main plot. turns out to pull in the strings behind the scenes is this evil professor x looking guy called the thinker. the team discovers his identity clifford devoe, but when they go to confront him, he's just a nice, normal college professor with a loving, supportive wife. turns out, though, he created a thinking cap to make him smarter. and on the night of the particle accelerator explosion, it blasted his brain with dark matter, turned him into a super genius. but unfortunately, his body is dying. that's why he's got to sit in the creepy sci-fi wheelchair. pretty soon. though, he tells bear he's secretly the villain. it's like, you can't do anything about it. i'm a million steps ahead of you. indeed. when barry goes to his house to find some evidence of evil doing, they catch him on camera. so barry's in big trouble at work. then the thinker captures one of the bust metas whose telepathic powers let him steal his body. conveniently, this guy's real hot, so good news for devoe's wife. but devoe dumped his original body in barry allen's apartment and made it look like he killed him. and yeah, barry allen's going to jail. of course, as the flash, he could break out, literally any time he wants. but he's got to stay there until they prove his innocence. legally, he doesn't want to be a fugitive. but the evil warden discovers he's the flash and has him transferred to the metahuman wing that damped his powers. he's selling his metahumans on the black market to, in fact, amunet. so without his flash powers, barry allen's got to use his science powers to break out of there. he has to team up with the other bus medics he's captured so far, and together they escape. but that's exactly what devoe wanted, cause now he flies in and takes all their powers. devos switches into a new body. but this one's not as exciting for his wife. she's also having second thoughts about their evil plan. so devoe starts drugging her with meta-human ecstasy. and this is no longer a healthy relationship. around this time, they realize ralph dibny can use his body morphing powers to shapeshift into someone else. so at berry's appeal, he rolls into the courtroom looking like devoe, hey, i'm still alive. obviously barry didn't kill me. so barry's out of jail. so team flash tries to stop devoe from getting the other bus matters, but he's got like six powers now. he's more than they can handle. and one by one, he steals the powers and the bodies of the remaining bus metas. he has to keep switching bodies because none of them can handle the deterioration his super smart brain is causing. until finally, he captures the final bus, meta ralph dibny. yes, ralph's stretchy cells can handle his super brain. and as an added bonus, he can transform back to his original appearance. this makes his wife super happy. but davao has detached himself from all emotion. he only cares about their evil plan. and around this time, she finds out he's been drugging her. so she has to admit her husband's become an evil sociopath and walks out on him. speaking of breakups, cross-earth, long-distance is really tough for cisco and gypsy, and even though they still love each other, they call it quits. things are going great though with captain joe west and d.a cecile horton. in fact, she's pregnant, so papa joe's gonna be a papa again. and for fake science reasons, becoming pregnant has unlocked cecile's latent meta-human powers. she can read minds. now, speaking of new powers, one day barry accidentally transfers his speed into iris. she gets to be the flash for a day, though they put that back real quick. and later, devoe uses that guy's powers to take away killer frost. caitlyn's really come to like her alter ego, but nothing they can do brings her back. cisco vibes into caitlyn's memory, and turns out killer frost's been with her since she was a kid. yes, her powers did not come from the particle accelerator explosion. where did they come from? find out next season. meanwhile, harry wells is the brains of team flash, but he's always multiple steps behind the thinker, so he creates his own thinking cap to make him smarter. and it kind of works for a while, but one day he goes too far, puts dark matter into it, and it overloads his brain. over the rest of the season, he's slowly losing his intelligence, until finally it's a tearful farewell with cisco, and he's totally out of it. and now devoe, the thinker with all of the buzz meta powers, has his own epic darth vader rogue, one hallway moment. his evil master plan is to launch some satellites into orbit and use them to take away everyone on earth's intelligence and rule the world as the only smart person. naturally, he thinks this is a good thing, and he's saving the world. he calls it the enlightenment. so now team flash tracks down his wife, who now realizes he's evil and is ready to help stop him. turns out the key is a cecil horton's new telepathic powers. with them, she's able to send barry into devoe's mind. there he finds the mind of ralph dibny, still alive. and if they can escape, he could take his body back. but in here there's a whole army of dubose. and it's exactly like the matrix agent smith scene, as the flash gets dibny out of there. and yeah, they did it. the thinkers defeated. ralph's got his body back, with devo gone, they're able to stop the enlightenment. but he left one more trap for them. he's sending the satellite crashing into earth. and so the flash has to stop a falling satellite the only way he knows how, by running really fast and punching it in the face. but wait, what's this? time freezes and reverses. someone time traveled, but it wasn't very this time it was a mystery speedster with purple and gold lightning who goes up and helps double punch it. boom. satellite exploded, and the day is saved. cisco does some science stuff and brings harry's intelligence back. yes, he's a functioning human now, but he doesn't remember all the super genius stuff he once knew. this ordeal, though, has given him a much better appreciation for emotions. so he hugs the team goodbye. he's going back to earth too, to be with his daughter, joe and cecil have their baby. and as the whole team celebrating, this random new girl comes to the door. wow, this house is bitching. there it is. she's the one who said it. the team realizes this girl's been randomly showing up across the season. who is she? she is nora west allen. yes, barry and iris's daughter from the future. she's the speedster who time traveled to stop the satellite, but now she's messed up the course of history. and that's where the flash season 4 comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 