[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka your friendly neighborhood spider-man. and today Marvel officially released a never-before-seen alternate post-credit scene but 2008 iron man, that has a lot - impact from it. the clip, which lasts roughly 1 minute, not only features references to the Hulk, but also spider-man and the x-men. I'm gonna play the clip in just a second, as it's kind of crazy looking back at how it hints at the original plans for the MCU, and how the companies look like they may have all been working together, which, in light of the recent Sony Disney situation, reiterates how difficult it may be to put a shared universe together with so many properties being owned by companies that are competing with each other. the clip is from the new infinity saga box set that's being released this year, and features an introduction from Kevin Feige, who discusses it in more detail. so let's get into the clip that we said will never show this to anybody, put it away. we're bringing them out. we're putting them on this disc. and I'm about to show you a deleted scene that has never been seen by anyone before right now. thank you again, so much. and enjoy. [Music]. as if gamma accidents, radioactive bug bites and assorted mutants weren't enough, I have to deal with a spoiled brat doesn't play well with others and wants to keep all his toys to himself. the alien. Nick Fury, director of shield, I'm here to talk to you about the Avenger initiative. Oh, what? are we avenging? whatever the hell we want. okay, so there's a lot to impact from the clip. firstly, a reference is the Hulk, who, at the time, only had the angley solo film, which is pretty much cast to one side in light of the Incredible Hulk reboot, which was tied to the MCU and has pretty much become the established origin story for the character. for those of you who don't know, Hulk is actually owned by Universal. however, they allow the character to appear in MCU movies as long as it's a team-up film. but as they've never went on to develop any solo films featuring the character, we've never really got an eventual end to the arc that was set up with the leader and so on. the clip also, most interestingly, name drops the x-men and spider-man, who were at the time, owned by Fox and Sony, respectively. the fact that these three entities are mentioned, and the Hulk eventually came to be in the MCU, highlights to me that Marvel may be negotiating with the companies at the time to include their characters in their shed universe. though as the clip never got included in the final cut, it's pretty safe to say that negotiations probably fell apart, with neither company other than Universal wishing to part with their properties. it's actually crazy that at one point there were plans to have the MCU integrated with the Fox and Sony Universe, so we could have had Tobey Maguire, Hugh Jackman and Robert Downey jr. on screen at the same time, which, yeah, I would have loved to have seen now. but I guess the studio's just couldn't work things out. this is a real shame, as we all know, the way that the Hulk was used in the MCU was incredible, with him arguably becoming one of the best characters in the entire roster. still this is an awesome little scene that just flashes how Graham marbles plans were at the time, and how they've always wanted to pull together all of the Marvel characters into one streamline Cinematic Universe, to have them all working together. it's kind of a bittersweet clip, as I would have loved to have seen the original x-men cast alongside the Avengers, but I guess we must be in the wrong timeline right now. if anyone has like, a quantum GPS or a time stone, do us a favor and go back and change this, cuz it would have just been amazing, obviously. and loved hear your thoughts on this, and if you would have liked to have seen all of them in the same film, or if you're happy that Marvel had to really pull together there be and c-listers to make the MCU what we have now, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the first announcement of casting news that we have for the MCU x-men movie. if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. also, just wanna let you know that we're giving away a free copy of spider-man, far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the alternate post-credit scene in the comments section below. the winner will be chosen at random on October the 15th, and the blu-ray I'll be shipped out from the end. whoever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 