welcome to the man of recaps. this is the Walking Dead, Season ten, episode eight. it is the mid-season finale, and you know, some stuff happens. we start right off with the flashback between alpha and Dante, showing how he was told to go undercover. basically, he's just a broken person, like most of the whisperers, assumedly and fully brainwashed into alphas. BS, so when she's like, hey, I need you to go pretend to be normal for a while, but don't forget who you really are, he's like, yeah, I'm into that. so yeah, he's been passing messages to alpha this whole time. and it was in fact, him who graffiti'd the silence the whispers to sow discord. and officially was him who sabotaged the drinking water. so back in the present, he's just killed Sadiq. unfortunately, Rosita comes in just then. he does a pretty bad job of pretending nothing happened. so he's got a fight Rosita. luckily, he's a nice enough guy, he lets her put the baby down first. thank goodness for that. unfortunately, he didn't get a chance to stab Siddiq in the head yet. so he comes back as a zombie, and he's going straight to eat his baby. sometimes, Percy, they're young, yeah, in retrospect, Dante's definitely a lot messed up. in any case, Rosita beats Dante and stabbed Siddiq, her baby daddy zombie, to save her kid. Sadiq has a funeral, and Rosita's real beat up about it, so she goes up to punch some zombies with stabby brassknuckles. but does tends to happen in The Walking Dead when people are not good emotionally, they like fail to kill, like one easy zombie. luckily, Eugene's there to save his ladylove. I am now rooting for Eugene to eventually get the girl. luckily, he has enough class to not make a move right now. but remember, a Zetas still dating father Gabriel. I always forget that's actually a thing. and they have a bit of a tip here. so there's hope for momma and Eugene yet. Gabriel goes to see Dante. normally he's the man of second chances and forgiveness, but today he's the man of stabbing multiple times and screaming in a parabola, roar. okay, father Gabriel. guess you gotta let it out sometimes. elsewhere, Michonne and Judith and Luke are on their way to Oceanside. they get talking about books and music. it looks like, hey, there's a library right around here. let's go check it out. it seems to be empty, so it's a pretty good field trip. but of course, there are some zombies, super hidden somehow, and grab Luke. he's rescued though by a new random dude who immediately runs away. and Michonne just got the news about Sadiq and Dante. so fun field trip time is over. so when Michonne gets to Oceanside, it's like, hey, every new person of the last four months, don't be trusting them anymore. but immediately a new new person shows up. it's the dude from the library. he claims he's just a normal dude trying to get back to his family. he just wants to borrow one of their boats. unfortunately, sneak it in here, he broke all their alarm systems and they got a mess azzam bees coming. but she was on be killed time. all right. Michonne interrogate Sly Brer eman. his name is Virgil, and he says some stuff about mercy that reminds Michonne of Rick. so she decides to trust him for now. apparently, his communities on an island off the coast. every Walking Dead fan around the world says, that's what I'm talking about. in his Omni apocalypse, I would go straight for an island, and not just any island, on an evil base. someone exchange from a show taking him home. he's willing to trade some big guns to help the fight against the whisperers. so Michonne and Virgil sailing off on a boat. now, friendship at the border. cama comes up to Erin she's like, hey, the baby that survived, that was my sister's kid. I'd really love to see him, by the way, on my name's Mary. after losing her sister and finding out that alpha lied about killing her daughter, Lydia, Mary's ready to reveal a big secret, the location of the Horde. if they can find the Horde and destroy it, that takes away all of alphas bargaining power. they could beat the whisperers, no problem. now, a bunch of cool characters are on a mission to find the zombie horde, see if the whisper of Mary was telling the truth. best friends. Daryl and Carol finally have it out. Daryl's mad at how Carol's been super annoying this season. she's letting her grief over Henry and her desire of revenge against alpha cloud all of her judgment. they have a serious Conville and hug it out, hardcore. so if you're into emotional stuff, maybe this was a good scene for you. the expedition gets to the valley where the Horde supposed to be, and it's empty there. I was like, yeah, obviously Mary lied to us. I'm out of here. but Erin still thinks it was the truth. he's like, I bet the Horde was just here. but on the way back, Carol sees alpha herself. yeah, she's right there, taunting him. so obviously Carroll takes chase. they end up at like a cave or something, maybe like an abandoned mine. Daryl falls down into the dark, and the rest of the crew did too. and what do they see but the zombie horde here underground. yes, I thought for a while that maybe alpha was bluffing. she lost the Horde in the winter, or perhaps never even had control of it in the first place. but it is alive and well, hiding here underground, and how our gang is trapped there with them. and that's how the first half of season 10 comes to an end. I was expecting perhaps a bigger moment, but it seems like we're ending on a cliffhanger here. but overall, it's been a pretty solid season so far. I'll tell you what, though, I'm excited for part two, where I think things are really getting kicked up a notch. the show's on a two-month break, coming back February 23rd. make sure you subscribe, because when Walking Dead's back, mana recaps will be right there telling you all about it. [Music]. 