fred bowman, aka freebo, kills two college girls and skates on the state police. screw-up. angel will be detective sergeant batista. freebo, get back here. who are you? what? i'm pregnant. who he is is what makes this case huge. it's miguel prado, assistant district attorney. he and laguerre go way back. i've never killed anyone i didn't completely vet before whose guilt i wasn't absolutely certain of. oscar prado tried to kill freebo, then he tried to kill me. he's got to be guilty of something back. the other guy is ramon, miguel's middle brother. he's a lieutenant with the sheriff's department. and oscar prado as in baby brother. i've never morrigan, right? do i know you? yuki motto, internal affairs. and you know, joey quinn, why would a blood spatter analyst spend time searching for information on my dead brother? one of this death got to me. oh. [ __ ]. they took me off the oscar prado case and put me on this some dead end. jane doe tegan, freebo's girlfriend. looks like he's still in miami. your anton you got something you need to show me. what about this prado guy? oh yeah, i've seen him before. oscar prado was into freebo for some serious cash. this doesn't look good, javier. i think you [ __ ] a girl who's now dead. all right, look, i passed her to a friend. who could fear her having a friend? yeah, yeah, a white guy named freebo. i'm going to have a child, but i can't be a father to it, can i? what do you have on tribal marijuana? we're working on some new angles, which means you've got shipped the oscar prado case. yeah. [ __ ] are on the career maker of the year. i nailed this freebo guy, and they're golden. why do you think fibo stood in town? because i think he killed his girlfriend on sunday. jane go anton is my contact. if you wear him out, what blowers? i know how to work a ci corner. wasn't jane doe missing a patch of skin. people's still out there killing. we got to catch him fast. yeah, but we got a lead. now. you shield tomorrow. you give me a shield for being a wrath no, for being an honest cop. deborah, like your father i'm sick bayonet oscar tried to kill freebo with it. it's only fitting i use it to complete the task. i know all about the chicky heinz case. he was a big one for the prosecutor. and guess who that was? miguel prado. it was self-defense. thank you. i don't know if you officially got to meet my other brother, ramon. so you're the guy that miguel is always talking about. oh, are we kidding? you're going to be a great father. if you like that, i'll arrest you. i told you not to [ __ ] do it. now i have to call him and tell him that he's probably right. freebo's probably long gone and he didn't kill tegan. looks that way. did you lock up my c.i? why do you keep calling him your ci? there something you're not telling us. not good about what happened. i feel not good too. i thought he had information that exonerated chickie hines. i reviewed his statement. it just didn't add up. this shirt implicates me in his death. i trust you, and i want you to trust me. is it possible i've actually made a friend, someone i can trust with my dark secrets? he's obsessed. he's drinking more than usual. he's not going to stop looking for a scottish killer until he takes him all the way down. are you looking for anything special? tonight might be more than an hour. take a pass. sergeant. i only have one person i can trust anymore, yourself. i was thinking of you. i hate anyone who disgraces the badge. we're connected. i feel you. you're what makes me real. that's how i know i want to marry you. yes, yes, we will marry you. i've got uni's bringing in a 15 year old kid named wendell owens. he was free beau's doorman. but if things get really bad, you use that card and call me. okay, extra i just got off the phone with the sheriff's department. they've confirmed their skinning victim is related to ours. that gives us three victims. is there a problem here? yes, sergeant. your people don't know what the [ __ ] they're doing. that guy is why i'm way too tight. you think i got this kid loose to make you look bad? i'm not sure anymore. partner, don't you see what happened today? i gave you the chance to avenge two women whom the system failed. and just like i hoped, it seized that opportunity. the chicky heinz conviction. my people have come across evidence that could get the case reopened. proud to know you're coming to me with this. anton, open up. it's me. hi. hi. i am with you, behind you, and i respect you. the victim's name was wendell owen was 15 years old. i can't rule out, but i put wendell in the crosshairs. she's in the hospital lung cancer. it's terminal, dying. i can do the pain. sure is fair though. okay, look, don't beat yourself. how about you start work tomorrow? i need an assistant. having someone i can trust is everything. she's blindfolded so she doesn't have to watch everything she stands for. get pissed done by people like ellen. wolf, i'm hungry. are you asking me out on a date? detective, kidnapping, false imprisonment and torture. miguel has been playing fast and loose with legal ethics for a long time. hola amigo, i can honestly say i know who miguel prado really is. my first good friend, and those are in short supply. these days is investigating you, and you're finally telling me, i'm finally telling you. do you want to tell me why this ia chick is so gung-ho to bring you down? you can? i have, uh, history. yeah, i know one side of them. maybe there's more missing evidence, witness intimidation, jury tampering. you got proof. he's a bad guy. he's not a stupid guy. you need to go after the root cause his blood-sucking, soulless. defense attorney ellen wolf, has she, uh, ever actually killed anyone? keep an open mind about it. someone loaned fuemo some money and is willing to skin people to get it back, which is why i want to use our ci more aggressively. wait, you mean anton? yeah. we're gonna spread the word that anton knows where freebo is. it doesn't some kind of weird end run. is it make me see how sensitive you really are? i'm not all that sensitive. yeah, you are. i found the [ __ ] lead on the skinner case. the skinner is using tree trimming as a cover for surveillance. he watches from the trees, and when the time is right, he grabs them. what did it feel like to end his life? public justice we're like-minded. together, we can make a difference. so you told quinn i was investigating him? hey, you're the one who [ __ ]. i'm not my fault. he didn't want an encore. the cop's dead cause quinn cut all the wrong corners. next dead cops on you. mr king, we met at the scene of our second victim. is that correct? yes, that is correct. hey, freebo's final resting place. hiding a buddy in a cemetery. you're [ __ ] brilliant. hey, mario astorga, i don't know anything about anything. why would george king suggest otherwise? what are you so afraid of, mario? we can't kill her. yes, this is personal. i'm asking you to do this for me. that's my friend. sorry. no, what the [ __ ] you? what are you hiding? anton is not officially a ci. we used him as bait. no one would even love the guy. he's never home. he says he's with dexter, but i think it's a cover. i'm ready to get my hands dirty. i've always done the deed alone, never stood outside. been a witness to this moment. anton, are you in there? [ __ ] trim trees skinner's been here. you've set something in motion here. everything miguel does from now on is connected to you. ellen's missing this morning. i hope she didn't get in an accident or something. he did it. miguel really did it. no, you you don't know that. when you've been married as long as we have, you know when your husband is lying. you don't want to have to think about what she went through to realize that she's really gone. i could get your money. i don't freebor that money. this is about respect. don't worry. she's gone. you got me. i'm right here for you to get you through. he's having something. anton morgan, get out of the way. you found me. it's perfect. you should just get out while you can. i won't. anton could so easily file a huge lawsuit against the police department once he finds out how you [ __ ] him over. it's not even human. it's cal's blood. he's been using me. i didn't create a monster. i was used by one. he used me. i never meant for any of this to go down the way it did. i should have told you you were free and clear. so that was you. yeah, just like you watched out for me with those guys. me. never you lied to me. i am not the enemy here. i need for you to seriously think about us. i told sylvia about miguel and laguerre, so she thinks miguel is out. look, words, there was some douche bag with his high beams on, blinding me. you [ __ ]. you are too good a liar, miguel. come on, baby, listen. that's me. i'm done. just what kind of car? dark, black suv. ellen wolf's ring. ellen wolfe was threatening to wreck his career. he is a black suv. and no alibi for the night she died. you think miguel has something to do with her murder? that's right. i'll do what i want when i want to whomever i want. count on it. me no other choice. i'll kill him. you've had a bug up your ass about dad for months now. he didn't cheat on mom. uh. ci. laura moser, my mother found this sample in the back of his car. well, laguard is deciding i'll be eliminating her problem. and george king's going to help me. i'll copy his mo they won't even look for another suspect. all the records you have on my dad's confidential informant. i have a long conversation with dexter morgan. the nicaraguan embassy is still giving me the runaround. until we know king's true identity, there's not much to go on. you think i'm done with you. you think this ends here. it doesn't. it does for you. why the [ __ ] would the skinner want to kill miguel prado? because after free bone, king had a figurine, new songs, and this is my best friend. i am going to find out why this happened. we all want the same thing. ramon, kind of burly goatee. bring any bells? ramon prado, you slept without key witness. but it's a conflict, and you should have given me the heads up, especially before i send my recommendation to leguelta for your shield. [ __ ], believable. i should put a bullet in your head so they can see what it's like to lose someone. it's her freeze. [ __ ] i still want to be with anton, and there is no possible way that us being together is a mistake. congratulations, detective morgan. you've earned this. [Music]. so ramon wasn't the only one. following me. i underestimated miguel. after all, you gave up a case. this case, i had a choice. i chose you. i killed freebo. i could kill you. now, miguel prado, tell you that he wanted me dead, so he used yourself. so [Music]. [Applause]. maybe i'm making the biggest mistake of my life. but who's perfect? certainly not me. certainly not hairy. life is good. you. 