on november 12, 1955. moments after witnessing his apparent death, marty mcfly learns that dr emmett brown was transported to 1885. marty and the 1955 doc used the information in docs 1885 letter to find and repair the delorean so marty can return to 1985. doc's letter instructs marty not to retrieve him. marty spots and photographs a tombstone with doc's name, dated six days after the letter, and learns doc was killed by biff tannen's great-grandfather, buford. marty travels to september 2, 1885 to save doc. he arrives in the middle of a cavalry pursuit of native americans. when the delorean's fuel line is torn. marty hides the car in a cave, only to be chased by a bear and knocked out, found by his irish-born great-great-grandparents, sheamus and maggie mcfly. he spends the night at their farm, then walks to hill valley and runs afoul of buford and his gang. buford attempts to lynch marty, but doc rescues him. doc agrees to leave 1885 after seeing the photograph. but without gasoline, the delorean cannot reach 88 miles per hour, 142 kilometers per hour. dock devises a plan to use a steam locomotive to push the delorean up to the required speed. while he and marty explore a rail spur, they spot a runaway horse-drawn wagon. doc saves the passenger, clara clayton, altering her death from the original timeline. and they quickly fall in love. at a town festival, buford tries shooting doc, but marty thwarts him. buford insults marty and challenges him to a showdown in two days. in his anger, marty accepts. doc warns marty not to get provoked by name-calling and lets it slip that marty gets into a car accident in the future. doc's name in the photograph is erased, but the date and tombstone itself remain. after a failed attempt to convince clara that he is from the future, doc is spurned. he goes to the saloon for a binge and drinks a single shot of whiskey, causing him to pass out. in the morning, buford arrives and calls out marty, who observes photograph and sees clint eastwood, his 1885 alias appear on tombstone, so refuses to duel. doc awakens after drinking bartender's special wake-up juice and tries fleeing with marty, but buford's gang captures doc, forcing marty to duel, after fooling buford into thinking he killed marty. marty knocks buford into a wagon of manure, and buford is arrested for an earlier robbery. as clara departs on train for san francisco, she overhears a salesman discussing how heartbroken doc was at saloon. clara applies emergency brake and returns on foot to hill valley. she discovers doc's model of time machine at his shop, and, realizing he was telling her truth, rides after him, stealing locomotive at gunpoint, doc and marty begin pushing delorean along spurline. clara boards locomotive while doc climbs toward delorean. doc encourages clara to join him, but she falls, hanging by her dress. marty passes his hoverboard to doc so he can save clara. they coast away from locomotive as it falls off an unfinished railroad bridge. my travels to 1985 on now completed bridge. m.y arrives on october 27, 1985, escaping powerless delorean before it is destroyed by an oncoming train. he discovers timeline has returned to normal and finds jennifer sleeping on her front porch. he uses lessons he learned in 1885 to avoid being goaded into a street race with douglas j needles, avoiding an automobile accident, remember that this accident would have sent my's life spiral downward. jennifer opens a fax message she kept from 2015, and watches as its text regard my's fur disappears as my jennifer examined delorean wreckage. a fly steam locomotive equipped with a flux capacitor appears, manned by doc, clara ir2 children, jules fern. doc gives my a photo of two of m by clockworks in 1885. jennifer asks about facts. doc tells em it means that future has not yet been written. his family say goodbye, dep aboard locomotive, which takes flight before disappear. 