before we begin, let me start by saying daniel, underprivileged, bullied youth turned overcomer. or brady, wimp in need of old man muscle. the stars of our movie today are johnny from the outsiders. and did you know that he's also daniel from cobra kai? arnold and johnny from cobra kai play. our story begins with this boy, daniel, and his mama, moving them from new jersey to california. i feel sorry for this child. already pants looking like he's waiting for a flood, causing no cranking hoopty. and on the other end of this long journey cross country, all he's got waiting for him is some old bat cray lady and a cement pond full of piss. daniel is 17 years old, and he best get used to it, because he's going to be 17 into his late 40s. been here a whole five minutes and already getting invited to a party by some guy who's gonna bail on him at the first sign of trouble. but not before daniel meets this maintenance man named mr miyagi who catches flies with chopsticks as a method for coping with the aforementioned batsh cray lady and the cement pond full of piss, which he probably responsible for cleaning. off to the party with the beach boys. and daniel already checking out the california girls. meet allie. oh brother. she bats her eyelashes and flaunts her bikini clad flat booty until daniel can resist no longer. oh, here comes the beach blonde lost boys. and they thriller jackets. and here's johnny. i can't say i blame johnny for getting a little pressed. i mean, look, allie just broke up with johnny, and she already down there playing with daniel's balls, ball, one, ball. and of course, johnny is an abusive jerk, and daniel tries to defend the honor of his lady love. but daniel gets pushed around like a panty waist, because he's a panty waist trying to bust out the cat claws, but he just wind up a bruise. here's where i think daniel doesn't made his first mistake. you got a mama from new jersey who seriously looks tougher than most people's daddies, and you ain't gonna tell her that dumb somebody be your ass. will somebody be my i'll run straight to mama. ain't that right? mama? that's right, baby. that's my mama. but no, you just cruising on the school wearing your aviators riding your back, like you think your name maverick, just begging for a beating. can't even play on the soccer team now, but it's boring anyway. watch for an hour, nothing [ __ ] happens. look away for two seconds. score. and some foes on the ground pretending to die. oh lord. he done got into the moving boxes and dug out his copy of karate for dumb bits. i wonder how hard it is for mr miyagi to sit there and not criticize his paw phone. so daniel finds out that ali is single, and he goes to try and sign up for karate lessons, and there's johnny. so daniel departs like a lonely douche, running to mama like a good little chicken. later that night, they all follow him and run his ass off the road. then he gets home, and he hates his bike, and he wants to go home and he wants to go home, and he hates his bike. and he wants to go home, and he hates his bike, and he hates his stupid bike, and he wants to go home. but mr miyagi heals all, sees all and knows all, especially when you vent all your personal team problems right outside his damn door. buddy, you've had your me two times now, and you're still chasing the very booty that's the source of it all. why are men constant victims to their glands? well, there's blond zilla. so instead of chasing tail, daniel just gonna tuck his and run. but he gets home and finds mr miyagi done repaired his stupid bite. and they have a little discussion about bonsai trees and life and geography. so daniel's school is having a dance that daniel don't want to go to, but mr miyagi, with his wisdom, be like, i'm starting to feel like you hanging around my crib is getting a little creepy, and you need to learn to hang out with your own peers. plus you're getting on my damn nerves, so get so daniel goes to the dance, dresses a shower, and in a sad attempted revenge, he turns the hose on these hoes. get it cause he's a shower. well, be my once, shame on you. be my three times. still shame on you. i'm pretty sure i'm just a wimp. but mr may i get to the rescue. and i don't rightly know why the rise of this movie thought it was okay for an adult to beat up some children. but it goes farther than spanx. they little skeletal fantasy. but mr miyagi can't keep coming to plant a bonsai tree up there. so who messes with daniel? because that job will be 247-365. and he still got to drain that piss pole. so daniel and mr me i could go to the cobra kai dojo where they both get threatened by crease, to which mr may i get so humbly replies, daniel gonna enter this here karate tournament where he will prove that i am the superior sensei of this stare down. so until then, your pretty boys best keep their bony phalanges off this dumb bit. something like that. so daniel begins his training by watching mr milga's cousin. he already bitchin. danny boy, the lessons are [ __ ] free. just be great for one of his lessons. ain't show me right to check. anyway, daniel finally gets a date with ally. and her home look like some frat house where the dudes give each other beer animals on the weekends. but no frat boys, just alice, track suit wearing parents. and of course, the no cranking hoopty. gotta do, no cranking hoopty. so the cop putt-putts all the way to putt-putt or golfing stuff, which is really just a generic putt-putt. and wow, look at all these things people can't do right now, and wouldn't do even if they could, because every two-year-old with thumbs is like, sorry, mama, can't play patty cake right now, cause this candy ain't gonna crush itself. so over the next few days, mr miyagi has daniel do a bunch of chores like sanding the floor and painting the fence and polishing his chalet. and next thing you know, hey, don't touch me. then daniel tries to learn balance, and he stinks. so he tries to learn balance again, and he still stinks. so then he tries to go on a date, and he sees johnny making a move on his woman, and he stinks like garlic. but the spaghetti kid didn't peep the most important part, which was, don't know. so daniel goes to wine to mr miyagi, but mr miyagi is doing his own kind of whining, as in getting plastered tipsy lit face. you see, he's celebrating him and his dead wife's anniversary, so he'd drink it for two. and for those of you who can't understand what mr miyagi tells daniel, because you don't speak drunk, he says that when he went off to world war two, his wife had labor complications and passed away. and realizing this old guy has been to hell and back, daniel's like, oh, maybe i don't really have that many problems. maybe i'm just a needy, selfish, whiny, money pissy [ __ ]. then daniel tries to learn balance, and he doesn't really stink, but there's definitely still a slightly unpleasant odor. okay, so daniel won't be 17 until he's 40. he'll be 18, which, in ralph macchio years, is 57. happy 57th birthday. daniel and mr miyagi give him his own karate gift for his birthday, with the patch's deceased wife made. and daniel is so happy about it. oh, that's not why. it's because mr mayor gave him a call. daniel, you're a then daniel and ally play kissy face. groves, oh boy. it's tournament time, the day when all the cobra kai's can resume the daniel demolition. here, mr mario proves he's a model citizen by lying about daniel's belt and subsequently stealing a belt to accommodate all that lying. so daniel does his business while this song plays in the background. minions of hades. have you heard the news? kevin was caught playing hooky? go listen to it. it's the same then. the bad guys do bad guy things. but daniel gonna get that magical me i get massage. and of course, the final match is daniel versus johnny, because anything else would be too realistic. so daniel tries to use that kick balance thingy he learned, and it doesn't stink. there were three hits. daniel hit johnny, johnny hit the floor and the ambulance hit 80. and then a fourth later that night, when daniel hit that tail him and his one sad little ball. and johnny gives daniel the trophy, and mr miyagi just sit there like, damn, i'm good. the end. you know, the first time i watched this movie, i was kind of young and thought that ending was the sh but now that i'm a little older and a lot more bitter, i'm kind of thinking daniel should have lost. and then mr miyagi walked up to him and been like, you're not second place. you're the first loser. be sure to like, share and subscribe. for your regular kick of meth. you can expect me to upload more videos. oh, the next time. i have one ready. and i could have them already if i had more patrons. so what you waiting for? muffin, for i 