[Music], hey, what's going on guys? today i'll show you a psychological horror film, orphan. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. kate has a happy family of three, the considerate husband, the lively 12 year old son, daniel, and the five-year-old daughter, max who's deaf, though she's waiting eagerly for her third child to this family, the peaceful life of them is brought to an end, however, the unexpected stillbirth of her third child, whose loss is particularly hard on kate, pushing her down into deep sorrow and despair. she resorts to alcohol and pills as a way out of her sufferings, which, however, leads to her being dismissed by a local university. on her way to pick up the daughter home, kate almost gets in a car accident, resulting from her absent-mindedness. the couple decide to adopt a child to this family. they pay a visit to the local orphanage someday, where they're impressed much by a nine-year-old girl, esther, who's well skilled at painting. losing her family to a fire disaster, though buster seems to stay unaffected and positive to the couple. on her arrival at the new home, for the first time, esther receives a warm welcome from her little deaf sister, while daniel acts cold towards her, for the new sister attracts much of his parents attention away from him. on the lightning night, the couple have to break off their hormone time and allow esther to sleep next to the father, as she claims she's in fear of the lightning. the next day, esther goes to the new school. the classmates keep laughing at her dress. after the class daniel knocks down her bible book on purpose. the classmates, however, wrap her book and continue to bully her. as a classmate tries to pull off the ribbon around her neck. esther screams out loud, horrifying all the bully boys and girls. back home, kate wants to teach her to play piano and ask for the happenings on her first school day, but esther feels reluctant to talk about that as a mood switch. kate then takes esther to the garden where she shows esther the flowers in memory of her dead kid, who's actually buried below at a weekend when they play around at the park, hester sees the bullying classmate and seizes the chance to push her off the slide, injuring her badly, which, however, is witnessed exactly by her little sister. at night, when questioned by the father about that accident, esther denies what she did to the classmate and gets the little sister to stand in her side during dinner time. however, daniel doesn't treat esther as his sister, intending to provoke her as a punishment to his spoiled son, the father locks the tree house up, not allowing him to play there until daniel makes his apology days later. while kate is called by the sister of the orphanage for any update on esther, esther asks max to spy on their conversation with lip language. kate later happens to find someday esther's actually skilled at playing piano, which shocks kate, as she knows esther tries to hide something from her. she raises her suspicion over esther and complains that to the husband, who, however, blames kate for her over sensitivity towards a child on the other side the sister of the orphanage later pays a visit to the household and warns kate and the husband of other tragic events surrounding esther, including the suspicious fire disaster happening on her last family. the husband, however, is unwilling to believe the nine-year-old esther would be the suspect. but the sister also explains that she needs more information for a conclusion, and plans to contact the previous orphanage where esther stayed, which, however, is overheard by esther. with the help of max, she obtains the key to daniel's treehouse and takes away a hammer, planning to revenge against the hostilities towards her. moments later, on the sisters way back, she baits her by pushing max onto the road, where the horrified sister stops her car to check on the young girl. she nearly runs over. esther, walks up behind her and bashes her over the head, before hiding all the evidence in daniel's treehouse. with all done, esther threatens max to keep the secret for them, for she believes max is also involved. when leaving the tree house, esther catches daniel spying on her. so later that night, she comes to interrogate him and threatens to cut off his bare hormone gun if he tells his parents. esther is brought to the psychologist, but found nothing abnormal. several days later, the sister's body is found, but the police can't locate any suspect. as kate increases her suspicion over esther, she decides to continue the dead sisters unfinished investigation. she then calls the previous orphanage that esther claims she was from, but only to find there are no records of her. wallister intentionally brings her a bouquet of flowers from her dead kid's grave. much to kate's anger, she grabs esther's arm in response. later that night, esther goes wilder, however, by breaking her arm purposely and blaming that to kate before the father, who chooses to believe such an innocent young child, rather than his wife. frustrated by her stupid husband, kate purchases two bottles of wine. however, while recalling her alcoholic past, she resists drinking and empties one of the bottles into the sink. the next morning, on their arrival at school, esther baits kate to get off the car to pick up the dropped books for daniel, while she releases the break causing the vehicle to slide off a slope into the snow. knowing that esther sets her up, though, kate can't persuade her husband to trust her, who, however, shows her the wine she bought last night, believing that she must have over drunk. and that leads to a mistake. daniel later learns about the sisters death from max, which is unfortunately overheard by esther. meanwhile, kate searches esther's room secretly from her bible book. she notices a mystery institute logo, which she finds is actually a mental hospital rather than an orphanage. she then sends esther's photo there to check her real identity. the next day, as daniel searches the treehouse for the murder evidence, esther locks him up and sets the tree house on fire, causing him to fall and be seriously injured. esther attempts to kill him, but is luckily prevented by max and the coming mother. while in the hospital, esther even tries to smother him. kate can't hold her anger anymore. she slaps this little devil in the face, which however causes her to be physically restrained in the hospital. back home that night, with a sexy dress and makeup, esther attempts to seduce the drunken father, who however, gets upset by her unbelievably overreaching behavior and threatens to send her back to the orphanage. but he's later astonished to find the dark and evil paintings all over her room. he realizes he literally knows nothing about the adopted daughter. while at the hospital, kate is contacted by the mystery mental hospital who tells her that esther is actually a 33 year old woman who has a rare hormone disorder that stunted her physical growth and has spent most of her life posing as a little girl. wait a minute. what an amazing hormone disorder. please give me that hormone shot first, if any, so i could stay my 18 always. the ribbon zester wears around her wrists and neck are actually used to hide scars from her trying to break out of the chain lock. what's more, she has murdered at least seven people, including the last family that adopted her after failing to seduce the husband, as kate rushes her way home after the shocking truth. esther, who gets refused again, removes her disguise and goes on the rampage. she then stabs the father to death, which max witnesses. she then grabs the gun from the locker and chases after max, who seeks refuge in the greenhouse, where kate breaks through the roof and lands on top of her. kate takes her daughter out, believing that they're already safe as the police are coming. however, esther catches up later and attacks kate near a frozen pond. they fight hard onto the ice, knocking the gun away. max tries to shoot esther with a gun, but shatters the ice instead, sending kate and esther underwater. as kate struggles hard to climb out of the freezing water, esther grabs her legs and begs kate to save her. kate, however, kicks her back into the water, putting an end to her horrible life. this is daniel cc movie channel. bye. 