today i'm going to explain a crime thriller film called leon the professional. spoilers ahead, watch out and take care. in a restaurant in little italy, two men discuss a target. the man smoking a cigarette, laid down a photo of the man he once dead, along with the details on when he'll be in the city. the other one, clad in black and wearing circular sunglasses, says he'll take care of it. he finishes his glass of milk and leaves the restaurant. in a hotel lobby, mr jones walks up to the elevator with a dozen or so bodyguards covering him. he gets to the hotel room and meets with a woman. moments later, mr jones receives a call from one of his men in the lobby. the man in black holds a gun to his face. he shoots him, alerting mr jones over the phone with the sound of a gunshot, he calls up his men and tells them to get ready. the men take their positions and begin to wait on the elevator as it goes up the building. the elevator doors open, and jones's men start unloading on the figure that appeared after the haze of bullets and gunsmoke had dissipated. they realized they were just shooting at the corpse of one of their men. jones's men retreat from the door and make preparations to escape. one of his men investigates the elevator, but he finds nothing there. when he heard the sound of gunshots going off, he moves to the staircase. as he leaned forward on the rails, the man in black suddenly pulls on his tie, then tosses him over, and he plummets to his death. the entire struggle was witnessed by another one of jones's men through the security cameras. and he starts searching for the assassin. just then a hatch from the ceiling pops open and a noose comes down to strangle the man to death. meanwhile, mr jones tries to make his escape. with only three men left, he orders them to check the terrace. they follow his orders, leaving mr jones inside. suddenly, a metal door drops down at the terrace entrance. mr jones starts feeling terrified for his life, even more so when he hears gunshots from the terrace. mr jones retreats further in the rooms to take more guns and a telephone. desperate mr jones calls the police and backs up into a closet. from the shadows, leon, the assassin appears with a knife pointed at mr jones's throat. even with a police officer on the line, mr jones is forced to hang the phone up. leon pulls out a piece of paper and instructs mr jones to dial the number written on it. when he does, a man tells him to stay off their territory and never come back. he reminds leon to make sure that jones understands before letting him go. leon leaves, and jones lives another day before going home. leon drops by at the store and buys two cartons of milk. on his way up the stairs, he sees a 12 year old girl smoking a cigarette. leon asks about the bruise on her cheek, and she makes up an excuse about falling off her bike. as leon goes inside, three men walk out of the girl's apartment door. stan, the ringleader, faces the end of the hallway listening to music, while the others talk with the girl's father. they mention a 10 discrepancy in the batch of drugs which the girl's father denies having any knowledge. over one of the men says that stan doesn't like being disturbed while listening to music, but he'll have to disturb him if he doesn't tell the truth. still, the father insists that he didn't take it, causing stan to be interrupted. the boss looks over, glaring menacingly at the father. he bizarrely approaches him, then sniffs him before lovingly caressing him. finally, stan says that of course he didn't. he simply asks him to find out who did. by noon tomorrow. the two men go downstairs, leaving the father terrified. leon watches the exchange from a hole within his apartment door. the following day, the girl matilda passes by leon in the hallway. again, leon hands her a napkin because her nose was bleeding from when her sister hit her that morning. when matilda asks leon if life was always that hard, leon says, it is. matilda then offers to buy leon milk when she goes to the grocery store. meanwhile, at matilda's apartment, stan and his men return with more people and guns. they bust open the apartment door and kill matilda's family. when matilda returns she finds her father dead on the floor with one of stan's men by the door. she tries to keep calm and walks further towards leon's door. having seen everything that happened, leon lets her in. back in her apartment, one of stan's men, mackie, notices their family photo, and when he realizes that there are three kids, he immediately orders the men to search for matilda. but when stan and his goons find the missing drugs, they leave the apartment. matilda, now under the care of leon, finds out that he is a hitman. she tries to convince him to kill her family's murderers, but leon refuses. instead, matilda suggests that he should teach her how to be a hitman. he tries to decline at first, but matilda insists that he made her his responsibility by saving her life. with that, leon moves to a hotel to keep her safe, and he finally agrees to teach her the basics. later on, leon and matilda go to a building rooftop to learn how to use the rifle. he explains that beginners start with a rifle because it's the weapon where you'd be farthest from the client. leon shows matilda how to use the gun and gives her a couple of pointers to remember. they first practice by hitting people at the park with a paint gun. he lets her choose any target, but reminds her, no women, no kids. matilda sets her sight on a man with a bright tracksuit, then takes her shot. it hits the man on the stomach, and the seven men around him react immediately, covering him with their guns. out surprised that matilda chose a big weight by accident, leon decides that it's enough practice for today. time passes with leon and matilda growing accustomed to living together. leon trains matilda daily while she helps out with daily chores. one day matilda complains that all they do is train, so she dresses up and impersonates a few celebrities, which leon has to guess. as their bond grows, leon starts feeling parental towards matilda. later, leon meets with his friend and employer, tony to ask for the money he's been holding for him since leon couldn't read before. he let tony handle his money without questioning him. but things have changed now, and leon wants some of his money to help matilda out. tony promises to give him his earnings later than proceeds to tell him about a new job back at the hotel. matilda tells leon she might be falling in love with him. leon waves it off and leaves to do his job. meanwhile, matilda decides to go out as well. she goes to the lobby, then gives the receptionist a dull greeting. when the receptionist mistakes leon for her father, matilda decides to slyly drop a bomb on him, saying that leon isn't her father, he's her lover. she then abruptly leaves. matilda goes back to her old home where her family was killed. she takes some of her things and a hefty wad of cash hidden beneath the floorboards. just then stan shows up, along with a few other police officers. matilda hides and listens to stan make up a story about what happened there. she hails a cab to tail stand to the dea office, where she discovers that stan is a corrupt cop. later in their hotel room, leon drops in and presents matilda with a gift. he bought her a dress, but matilda ignores him. just then, the receptionist, along with other hotel staff, knocks on leon's door because of what matilda told him. the hotel receptionist kicks them both out, forcing them to change their lodgings again. leon is mad at matilda now, but she only takes out her 20 grand then gives him stan's name and location 