hello everyone. today we watch mission impossible too. ethan hunt while vacationing, is alerted by the imf that someone has used his identity to assist russian biochemical expert, dr vladimir neck horvish of biocite pharmaceuticals, to enter the united states, but purposely crashed the commercial airliner and route. neck horvich, an old friend of ethan, had forewarned the imf of his arrival, planning to deliver a new virus called chimera and its cure, bellerophon, both of which he was forced to develop by biocide, into the imf's hands. with the crash of the plane, imf is worried that the virus is out in the open, believing that rogue imf agent sean ambrose is behind the incident, imf assigns ethan to recover it. ethan is told that he can use two members of his team to help him, but the third person to help him must be nia nordoff hall, a professional thief presently operating in seville, spain. as she will be able to get close to ambrose, being an ex-girlfriend of his. after recruiting nya, ethan meets his team computer expert luther stickel and pilot billy baird in sydney, australia, where biocide laboratories are located, along with ambrose's headquarters. as ethan and the others stake out biosight, nia gets close to ambrose and begins to find any information related to the chimera virus. at a horse racing event, ambrose quietly meets with biocide ceo john c. mccloy and shows him a video of the chimera virus affecting one of nek horvish's colleagues, taken from bio-site. using the footage to force mccloy to cooperate with them, naya is able to steal the video footage long enough to transfer it to ethan and his team, who learned that the chimera virus has a 20-hour dormant period before it causes death through mass destruction of the victim's red blood cells. this is depicted through several increasingly graphic pictures, which show the victim dead after 37 hours. bellerophon can only save the victim if used within the 20-hour window. the imf team kidnaps mccloy and learns that neck horvich had actually injected himself with chimera the only way he could smuggle the virus from biocite. and had all the known samples of bellerophon now presently in ambrose's hands. ambrose has blackmailed mccloy to sell him the virus for 37 million pounds, and promising to return the samples of bellerophon. ethan's team plans to break into biocite and destroy the virus. ambrose, posing as ethan, tricks naya into revealing ethan's plan. ambrose secures naya and prepares to raid biocide himself to secure the virus. ethan is able to destroy all but one sample of the virus before ambrose interrupts him, and an ensuing firefight begins. ethan learns that ambrose is holding nia and stops firing, during which ambrose orders naya to retrieve the last sample. when she does so, she injects herself with it, thus preventing ambrose from simply killing her to get it. as ambrose takes nia, ethan escapes from the laboratory and starts a 20-hour countdown before the virus takes over nia's body. ambrose opts to let naya wander the streets of sydney in a daze and orders mccoy to effectively hand over enough control of biocide to make him the majority shareholder, or else nya's infection will cause a pandemic that will kill 17 million people in australia alone. ambrose's plan is to make a fortune when prices of bio-site stock skyrocket due to demand for bellerophon. ethan's team is able to locate and infiltrate the meeting, stealing the samples of bellerophon while taking out many of ambrose's men. luther and billy locate naya, who has wandered to a cliffside intent on killing herself to prevent chimera from spreading. as the two imf agents bring naya to ethan, he and ambrose engage in a fist fight, and wilds out on ambrose. with little time left on the 20-hour countdown, ethan finally gains the upper hand over ambrose and shoots him dead. and then luther injects nia with bellerophon. ethan reports to imf on the successful mission. imf clears nya's criminal record and allows ethan to continue his vacation with her in sydney. thank you for watching. please subscribe for more movie updates. you 