Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2020 American supernatural horror film called 'Fantasy Island'. There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Gwen Olsen, a businesswoman, Patrick Sullivan, stepbrothers J. D. and Brax Weaver, and troubled Melanie Cole converge at the intriguing Fantasy Island, a tropical resort where imaginations appear to come true, after winning a sweepstakes. Mr. Roarke, the island's landlord, informs the visitors that they will each be granted one dream and takes them to their wishes: J. D. and Brax are distinguished guests at a mansion rave, Patrick gets enrolled in the military in honour of his late father, Melanie seeks vengeance on a childhood bully, and Gwen accepts her ex-boyfriend Allen Chambers' marriage proposal, which she had previously refused. Melanie finds that her bully, Sloane Maddison, was abducted and transported to the island to execute the fantasy against her will while tormenting her by releasing an internet video of her cheating on her husband. They flee when she protects her from a disguised surgeon. Gwen is disappointed when she discovers she had a kid with Allen the following morning. Roarke comes and says that he is experiencing his own fantasy of reuniting with his departed wife, and that it will be realised as long as the visitors' wishes are met. Roarke is persuaded by Gwen to modify her fantasy. Meanwhile, Patrick is apprehended by American soldiers, who present him to Lieutenant Sullivan, their commander. Although Sullivan does not recognise him, Patrick knows that he is his father, on his final assignment before dying. As night falls, the surgeon attacks Melanie and Sloane once more before being murdered by Damon, an island private investigator. Damon leads them to a cave, explaining that the fancies are caused by spring water beneath a shining rock. Damon explains that he came to investigate until Roarke granted him a wish to see his dead daughter, but the fantasy turned into a nightmare, trapping him on the island. The three collects some spring water before proceeding to the resort to seek assistance. However, as J. D. and Brax are kidnapped by a drug gang linked to the mansion's owner, and Gwen is sent back to the night she inadvertently set a fire that killed her neighbour Nick Taylor, Fantasy Island begins to transform the other dreams into nightmares. Except for Melanie, she discovers that all of the other visitors were there on the same night. Gwen attempts but fails to save Nick, and she is saved by Julia, Roarke's personal assistant. Sullivan's troops are also dispatched to save some captives, who turn out to be J. D. and Brax. The cartel reanimates as zombies after being killed, attacking the troops. J. D. is killed in the subsequent pandemonium, and Sullivan sacrifices himself so that his son and Brax can return to the resort. Melanie and Sloane are assaulted by the zombified surgeon until Damon saves them by leaping over a cliff beside him. The remaining guests reunite at the resort, but are confronted by Roarke, who explains that they are all being slaughtered as part of someone else's dream. The visitors assume that this is Roarke's dream, believing that he and Julia are Nick's parents, after realising that everyone was complicit in Nick's killing. The guests flee to the pier in the hopes of being rescued by an aircraft dispatched by Damon's colleagues, but the plane is shot down. With a grenade carried by Patrick, the gang rushes to the cave to blast the glowing rock. Melanie stabbings and wounds Patrick before kidnapping Sloane. She confesses that this is her actual fantasy, having staged the tournament in order to get revenge on the guests for Nick's murder, with whom she was meant to be on a date the night he died; Julia is also revealed to be Roarke's wife. When Julia begins to deteriorate, she persuades Roarke to assist his visitors in escaping the island before she vanishes. Sloane drinks the spring water she collected earlier and fantasises about Melanie and Nick being together. Melanie is dragged into the sea by Nick's zombified body as a result of this. Melanie detonates the device against the guests before drowning, but Patrick makes the ultimate sacrifice by falling on it to save the others. Gwen, Sloane, and Brax wake up at the resort, where Roarke offers to let them go. Brax asks for J. D. to come back to life and return home as the three survivors board a plane to leave the now-purified Fantasy Island. Roarke says that in order for Brax's fantasy to come true, he must remain on the island. Roarke wants Brax to be his new personal assistant and to have a moniker when Gwen, Sloane, and the now-resurrected J. D. board the plane. Brax adopts the moniker 'Tattoo' after remembering a nickname his step-brother gave him in college, kicking off the 1977 television series. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 