hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the story of movie the mummy, part 1. the early time of 3000 bc. is shown at the start of the film, where the country egypt is shown, which king was pharaoh. he was in love with a girl, but that girl used to like his priest instead of him, who was mighty, he could revive the dead people. now this priest goes to meet that girl who was the beloved of pharaoh. they are talking with each other, then pharaoh also reaches here. he becomes infuriated when he notices both together. he proceeds to end them, but they both kill that pharaoh. that girl says to that priest, before they do wrong with you, you may escape from here, and i will commit suicide, and you can revive the dead people. so revive me again. after it, this girl commits suicide. priest is taken away by pharaoh men. but priests men steal the dead body of that girl. now priest begins to perform a ritual on her to revive her, but pharaoh's men again appear there, who captures that priest. they think that they will ordeal the priest so no one may commit such a mistake they make the priest mummy without taking his life when they bandage his whole body. then they leave the dangerous insects in his coffin, which were going to victimize his whole body within a few moments. then his coffin is locked using a very specific key. and it is told that it will come as a curse if someone unlocks this coffin. it means they will start the turbulence everywhere. if the priest's soul is freed, and the priest's coffin is buried in depth under a great sculpture, no one could unlock it in the same way. time continued to pass. many years passed. the whole city was subsiding. and that sculpture, which was at the great height at a time, it had also lowered down. it was such land of the conflict for many people. many wars used to break out to get domination on this land. but no one knew that there is priests mummy below this land. but he has still been mighty today under this ground for many hundred years. it is being turning into a unit and the satanic power. now, a french soldier appears here while running, and some people are after him. but that soldier reaches near the sculpture while walking. it was the same area where that priest's mummy was buried. his pursuers begin to escape in fear. and some changes appear as he goes its mound starts coming outside. that french soldier name is rick. he is also confused witnessing it. then that sand begins to form a face, and he also leaves, his being upset. three years later, a girl arrives on the scene who is egyptologist. she was such a girl who was searching for egypt, and she was also learning their language. now she had started to understand these things to a great extent. her name was evelyn. one day, evelyn's brothers comes to her. he hands her over a thing, telling i have found it while digging. he knew that his sister is fond of viewing such things. evelyn starts to discover that thing little bit, and it is opened. actually, this was the key of the same coffin in which that priest had been buried for many years. there is also a map under this grand key, which belonged to that same area. and evelyn is excited to see it. and she goes to the chief librarian where she used to serve as her job. she shows them that map, and she asks, can you guide me? but her chief librarian says to her, no, it is not out of danger to visit there, because no one comes back if someone visits there at once. he says to her to stop, otherwise it is a fictional area. no place exists as such. evelyn says to him, it may also be rumor that a man returns dead who goes there. i request to let me go there. then evelyn's brother comes there. evelyn asks him, speak truthfully. from where you get this key? then he tells that i have stolen it from a man who was french soldier and is now imprisoned. they both leave to meet that man named rick in the prison. they begin to ask him about that place, but rick says to them, i will help you on a condition. it is this, i am going to be sentenced to death today. if you rescue me from this trial, then i will lead you to that place. evelyn says to his executioner, i will pay you. we will get that money after searching a treasure, and only rick has knowledge of it. so that executioner lets rick free. now they three move to that place. they notice while sailing that all people are going there in search of the treasure. evelyn says to rick, there is also a buried book there. it has the spells of magic written inside the book. then it is seen these people reach that place, going there. evelyn shows them that sculpture, and she tells that it is half buried. now they all lead to the underground. at that place where this half sculpture was buried, there is a profound darkness. evelyn moves a glass up there. the sunlight begins to reflect in other glasses as it falls on this. as a result, that place is lightened. there is also the executioner of rick, except evelyn, her brother and rick, and he had been stopped. he notices many adjusted precious stones at a place. a stone is broken among them. as he touches one stone, and an insect comes from it, which goes into his body. he feels bitter pain and crashes his head on a wall. consequently, he meets his end. it was the scaring act. now they sit near the fire at night. at the same time, they notice another team who had arrived there in search of the treasure. they are deciding, sitting there that we will distribute the found searched treasure. meantime, some people attacked them. and those were not others, but the guards of pharaoh who are guarding this place. there is a captain of that team who says to all, i am giving you one more day. after this, you may leave from here forever, because i don't want that priest's soul may be freed by anyone, and it may bring devastation throughout the world. next day, both teams begin to search for the treasure, ignoring him. the other team finds a box of treasure. it was appearing as if there may be gold or the jewels in it, but the fact was not this. there is a written warning statement out of that box. it will be his curse if someone revives the dead person, which will also impact him. he says that the opener of this box, that priest's soul will end him. afterwards, it will come into this world after sucking the blood. but they all say that there is not fact in this story. it does not happen as such. and they unlock that box. along with it, there is a book in it. it was the same book that which was being read to revive that girl. by that priest. there was a place like a keyway where the key may be inserted, which evelyn had. they are sitting there that a coffin falls on them from upward. there is also the same keyway on the coffin. when they notice the coffin where that key may be inserted, they unlock that coffin. the smoke arises from it. and there is also the black and rotten dead body of that priest. evelyn says, i never ever saw such a dead body. evelyn brings that book to rick when everyone is sleeping at night. she tells him, it is not that book which i want. it is quite possible that this may be the book of black art or enchantment. she starts to unlock it with her possessed key. there are some written spells be revived which has been died. priest, lying mummy revives as she utters this. and many types of the insects attack them, avoiding them. evelyn, separated from others. the mummy of priest goes to that man who had unlocked the box. in spite of the warning, it fixes the eyes in its socket, pulling out from his sockets. now it heads to evelyn. rick fires his gun for many times when he is coming outside from there. then they encounter some guards of pharaoh. they say, we have warned you to leave this place. you all have unlocked the mummy's coffin. so face it now, because it is going to kill everyone. rick says to evelyn that we may lead from here. but evelyn says, we have revived that mummy and we will end it now. it is seen that the condition of whole city begins to face a transition. it starts raining fire in the sky, and everything begins to come to meet its end. mummy moves to the same man whose eyes had been pulled out by it. then it also possesses his skin, sucking his blood. they all go to that place together where that mummy is present. rick fires his gun for many times, but firing is not affecting it. it was not getting any harm from the firing. then a cat appears there. that mummy is scared seeing it. how strange was this? and those people are not getting this point, that what actually happened. rick goes to those men who were the guards of pharaoh, who used to shield that place. he asks them, why was it scaring from the cat? they tell that cats also shield this place along with us. and that priest considers these cats will assault it, so he scares. but he will stop fearing from these cats after being mighty. at once they understand that priests mummy will breathe the sigh of relief after ending them. the people who unlocked that box, and one man had already been killed, among four by it. evelyn tells the guards of that place that do you know what the priest mummy called me when it looked at me for the first time? it called me with the same name who was the beloved of pharaoh, with whom this priest had a relationship. the guards of that place say to her, it is pitiable. the first step that it had taken after its revival, it was this. he wanted to bring its beloved into the world. for this, it will sacrifice you. so it was calling you with that name. but it will end three people before you. but one man runs away from those three men. and he had that book of black art, which priest needed to revive its beloved. rick goes after that man with the sum of his partners, but he discovers that priest's mummy is already there, and it had got the book while killing him. priest mummy directly moves to the other man. it also kills him. now the condition of priest's face and body was better than before. it means that it was not looking a dead body or mummy from any side. he moves into the room of evelyn, transforming itself into the sand. it sits beside her. it is thinking to wake her up. then rick approaches there, breaking the door. he is holding a cat, because he knew this priest is scared from the cats. rick rescues evelyn, and he says to her, the way which was chosen to bring it into this world in the same way, it may be resent through that book which you are yearning. but from where will that book find? during this time, evelyn comes to know after investigating, much as that great book, which was under the sculpture near the dead body of the priest, and the golden book, which she is wanting, is actually buried under another sculpture, which is at the opposite direction of this place. they notice that all people have become the slaves of that priest as they begin to move there, because they knew that it has come back and it will victimize them on the refusal of its command. now, priest moves ahead to evelyn, and it says to her, hold my hand. everything will be okay. and evelyn has to do the same. she catches its hand it had told elisa. it takes evelyn with him, and it commands all rest of the people should be killed. but rick and his partner come out to do something, in some way, rescuing its life, saying it, we will have to search out that another sculpture so we may revive it after searching the book. on the other side. priest sends some mummies to rick after reviving them. so they stop him to search for that book. anyhow, rick discovers that book. at last. he gets that book. on the opposite side, it is seen that priest had brought his beloved into the world. he had also put life into her mummy, which was moving now. but he had to sacrifice evelyn to get his beloved body recovered. it means he wanted to penetrate the soul into that girl, taking it from evelyn's body. but evelyn's brother reaches there with golden book before it takes any action. but the issue was this, that the required key had been taken from evelyn by the priest there. the number of mummies begin to appear. then evelyn says to her brother, read out the written enchantment on that book, so we may defeat them. rick fights with all of them. means mummy's army, and he makes evelyn free. exactly from the backside, his beloved's mother mummy reaches there. it starts attacking evelyn. contrarily, that army of mummy is after rick. but evelyn's brother does also not stop to read out those spells of magic. at last, that army of mummy begins to carry out his words. while stopping, evelyn's brother commands the mother's mummy kill the beloved of priest. and that army begins to do it. as such, that priest is flown into rages, and it holds the neck of evelyn's brother going there. but rick attacks that priest coming from the backside. meanwhile, evelyn's brother also snatches the key from that priest on the other side. evelyn's brother moves to his sister, taking that book and the key, and they both open the book. now priest is proceeding to rick to kill him. suddenly, evelyn begins to read out some spells of magic from that book. then some unseen animals appear, which possess the potency. they cross the body of the priest and take all power of priest with them. now priest was a common man. rick kills it with his sword. the doors of that place begin to close. as the priest dies, somehow evelyn, her brother and rick run outside. from there, the whole city is dashed into the dust. as they come outside. in the end, it is seen that the camels are loaded with treasure on which they are riding. it indicates that they had brought much treasure with them. the guards of pharaoh gratify them that we were exhausted while shielding this place. and the movie completes on this scene. thanks for your time, like comment and subscribe. don't forget to hit the bell icon. 