what's up? it's good to kick it with you again. now, i heard about this tv show called square games. and i'm not sure if it's about to be trash or fire, but i figured we should watch it together. since i picked this one, i'm gonna let you get the next one though. so if you want to see anything else, or if you want to just keep watching this one with each other, let me know down below. anyways, let's hop right into it, and let's see what we think about this show. i'm expecting this show to be the best thing since sliced bread, the way people been hyping it up. shaped like a squid, children are divided into two groups. i've never heard this game before. allowed to hop on one foot. have you played it? in order to win, the attackers must tap the small, closed off space on the squid's head with their foot. is this actually a real game, or did they just make this up for this tv show? that light, green light. episode one. my daily allowance or what? no, remember, young's birthday is today. go and get her something for dinner later. either that's his girl, or he got a kid, one or two. but the way the mom talking, it must be, it must be like a skate or something? will you stop working so much? bruh. pin number changed on you. huh? oh, that's so trifling. you stole her her credit card. what did that woman change it to? huh? you don't know your own mother's birthday and you can't say it meaning it's not the same every year. use your brain. oh, god, damn it. bong again. i really gotta think about this one. please select the amount you would like to ah, the old woman cares about her granddaughter more than her old i knew it had to be either the granddaughter or his older lady wanted to [Applause] go. [Applause]. do you have to be the rules with an animal? he gave me real gambler problem. pops, yes. his daughter's birthday is his lucky number. hope you're excited. can get something really expensive tonight. huh? oh, bro, you better quit quick. keep on running. bro, forget that. bro, people are chasing you. if i knock somebody now, i'm like, okay, i got you later. damn. you dropped it. hey, kid. you okay? wait. or did she take it? did he drop it? or did she take it? or was it just a random hole in your pocket. oh, i'm not watching this part. i'm not watching this part. if you don't pay it off by next month, i'll take one of your kidneys you don't like it. why do i feel like you're not joking, but you don't know what you signed in. you have one month. take care of yourself. i'm sorry to even ask, but may i please borrow ten thousand? that's trifling. i think it's so dope to see how like different things are in different countries, you know what i'm saying? even even like, what is this called? the uh, claw machine. it looks completely different there than it does here. oh, is this his little daughter? huge mosquito bite. i'm not allowed to have it at home. mom says it's junk food, like all of this stuff. i just find so interesting. like, i don't know what taboki is, but it looks fine, bro. you know, if your mom don't want you to have to bulky, she definitely don't want you to have it. looks like the real deal, does it? now, be honest, if you had a kid and somebody gave that to your kid, i'll keep it there, just till you get a look what you're doing. you let him keep it. why did you bring her back so late? she's not dressed for the cold. all right, didn't i it's her birthday. let's not yell. hey, i'm hey. all right. let's go. i don't believe in jesus. it's not that yeah. immediately, shut it down quick. pose in the video, because i know you're gonna point it out. you want to know what that sound is in the background? that ain't nothing but my little man trying to say, what's up. so if you're here throughout the video, it's just something i'm saying, hey y'all. oh, we got that bread. like all of these games i've never heard of. don't do it. you can't afford it. don't do it. don't do it. just walk away. you pull a scammer. you rip me off with another i'll kill you. well, what a lighter. [Music]. oh, hmm. the hell man. one more round. that's why you messed up. at least you finally won some. i did it. i won no, sir. there are other games like this where you can make even more. hey, don't do it. you signed away your physical rights. your justin sign is like, boy, you've been divorced for about three years. your daughter's 10 years old. 160 million. juan, oh, just to loan sharks. he with the feds or something. this dude you just met, told you your life story, and you bout to just trust that it's all tonight. i haven't had a dream because you gamble again. yup, he did. i earned it all this time. it was all a chat. is it really like that? like if you speak multiple languages, if you, if you go a little bit wild without speaking it, do you just forget it? or it's just like riding a bike? you can pick it up whenever you want to. this card earlier. do you wish to participate in the game? desperate times to participate. password, this is sketch. red light, green, um, how long will it take? [Music], oh, his mask is dope. excuse me, sir, you will be eliminated. i mean, it sounds simple enough. without being eliminated with that. let the game begin. red light, eliminated. green lights. [Music], oh my god. red light. you can't stay there much longer. i think that doll senses when you move around. yep. you cross. you should about to get him killed. [Music], bruh. be honest. you giving this one a l or w. because me personally, i enjoyed episode one. as always, it's dope kicking it with you. and the real question is, are you ready to watch the next episode? or do you want to move on to something else? let me know down below. 