[Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. true detective has just wrapped up its third season. and whilst it may not be the ending that fans of the franchise were seeking, it still betrays just how complex life can be. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the finale, as well as what happened to the characters. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything from the highly suggests that you turn off now. but with that out the way, I'm definition, and welcome to the channel where I explain it so you don't have to. HBO's true detective season 3 centers around the kidnapping of Julie and Wilbur sell his sister. Julie's disappearance becomes the mystery that the show pivots around, and ultimately, it is our protagonist, Wayne Hayes, obsession. the show jumps from timeline to timeline to showcase that, in the end, the only real thing that can bring answers is the passage of time. similar to the way the show works, we must wait with the characters until all of the right elements fall into place to get the answers that we've been searching for after 35 years. in the case, we discover that it was, in fact, Isabelle Hoyt, a mentally ill woman, that kidnapped the children after building a friendship with them the fateful day that they disappeared. Isabelle attempted to bring Julie home with her. however, will fall back, which ultimately led to his accidental death. working with her caretaker, Isabelle was able to hide his body, but she did not want to let go of Julie. Julie was drugged for years and kept in the pink room with Isabelle, eventually hoping to adopt the girl, Lucy. Julie's mother, in fact, knew about all of this, but kept quiet. after being paid off. officer Harris too fell victim to his Abele's fortune, and this is why he framed others to take the fall for the case. Julie managed to escape from the heights with help from the caretaker after she began remembering her life before the events. while it's reportedly Julie died of HIV, Adnan's Wayne believed this to be a cover-up. Hayes manages to track Julie down, eventually surmising that she probably got together with her former schoolmate and had a daughter. however, when Wayne arrives to where he now suspects that Julie lives, his memory slips away and he forgets the reason why he's there. Hayes isn't able to close the case, but that doesn't mean it's a sad ending, as he still manages to reconnect both West and his own children, which is some small victory. the final shot shows Wayne is a trucker in Vietnam. as he heads off into the jungle, it appears that he's once again searching for something. this sums up Wayne's entire arc, as the character was always looking for something, rather than being content with the answers he was able to attain. in the end, he never gets the answers that he was looking for. instead, he just continues searching and able to see that the truth was in front of him the whole time. in conclusion, this entire season has been centered around how power can often pressure the truth into not being revealed. the power that the heights had enabled them to hide a secret about Julie for decades, allowing for the light to continue. however, lies are not always a bad thing. either the lies that Julie kept up after escaping or what enabled her to be happy. and this is reflected in ultimately, how Wayne is enabled to an earth of the truth. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the finale and if he took anything different from it. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the trailer for The Twilight Zone, which would be linked up at the end. this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. not see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 