hello everyone. this is mr brain junkie here. and today we're going to be talking about a science fiction film called coherence. be ready for some spoilers ahead. the main character, emily, is going to a dinner party with her boyfriend kevin. on her way there, she experiences unusually bad signals and her phone cracks for no particular reason. she enters the house and greets the hosts, mike and lee. she also shows beth how her phone cracked mysteriously. while talking with her boyfriend. emily suspects that he may have something to do with the miller's comment that's passing earth tonight, but her friend shucks it off as superstition. emily's boyfriend and hugh, beth's husband, arrive soon after as well. they talk about how amir, their elusive friend, is bringing laurie to the party in the last moment, who's apparently kevin's ex-girlfriend. personally, if i heard my ex-girlfriend is going to meet my current girlfriend, i would have bailed five minutes ago. to make things worse, the relationship is strange because emily doesn't want to go on a business trip with him, even though she doesn't have too much going on in her life. anyways, just as the couple is arguing, the third wheel in the name of lori shows up with a mirror. and the atmosphere just got a lot tenser. you can see laser beams zapping at each other as the two women greet and share a hug. during dinner, they continue to talk about the comet that's passing by and how a similar one occurred in 1923. what's weird about that event is that it changed people's memories who were close to it. a woman swore to the police that her husband is dead, but he appears nonetheless in front of her after the comment. she's certain that her husband should be dead, as she's the one who killed him, but the police couldn't arrest her because her husband is alive beside her. huge also notices that his phone broke the same as emily's. this prompts him to try their landline and computer to call his brother, but there doesn't seem to be any signals either. hugh tells everyone about his brother, who's a physicist, and how his brother told him to call if anything weird happens tonight. this makes everyone a little bit anxious. and as they all discuss jokingly about this event. the lights suddenly go out in the house, leaving them in complete darkness. they managed to get some candles burning and take some blue glow sticks to find out what is happening outside. the whole neighborhood's in complete darkness, except for one single house on the hills with power and lights. they wonder how this is possible, since everyone seems to be out of power except for them. they head on inside and discuss what to do next, to which huge tells everyone that his brother told him beforehand to stay inside no matter what and try his best to call him when this happens. since calling is not an option without signal or electricity. hugh decides that the only option is to go to the other house with power and ask them for help. he promises to return in a few minutes and goes with his friend amir to the other house, taking the blue glow sticks with them. as the group waits for their friend's return, they hear a loud bang on the front door, which scares everyone. kevin goes to check, but sees that no one's there. lee tells her husband to fix the generator in the basement, while the rest speculates about who it can be. their friends have been gone for a while now, and they wonder if they should go find them. the light suddenly turns on as mike manages to get the generator working. beth wants everyone to go as a group and find her husband, but laurie disagrees, as they might themselves become lost in the process. just as the group is arguing about what to do next, the doorbell rings and the two men comes back. they both look shocked. while hugh has a scar on his forehead, and amir has a metal box which he grabbed from the other house. mike manages to open the box as he has the keys to a similar one in his house. they find pictures of everyone inside with a number written at the back and a table tennis racket. hugh tells them that when he went to the other house, he saw an exact copy of themselves with exactly the same table and chairs, minus himself and a mirror. his friends have trouble believing him and thinks they simply got lost, went around and came back to this house. but that doesn't explain the previous knockings they heard. huge wants to go back to that house and try to ask them for help again. and if he doesn't see anyone, he will leave a note. as he writes a note on a piece of paper, the group sees another man in their front door. kevin opens the door, only to find the exact same note that hugh has just wrote, which freaks everyone out. the group tries to figure out the meaning of the numbers with little results. while lee puts a bandage on hugh's forehead, amir notices that his picture has the same sweater that he's wearing today, which means it must have been taken today, since he only bought it this morning. the background of his picture also suggests that it was taken in this house. emily also notices that the numbers written on the back of the pictures looks very similar to her own handwritings. mike is tired of waiting and doing nothing, and he convinces the group to go meet their doppelgangers, laurie kevin. mike and emily leaves, while lee takes a nap upstairs. they arrive at the house, which looks exactly like theirs. and mike sees everyone who stayed behind inside this house as well they're all freaked out and decides to leave. but just as they do, they see another group exactly the same as themselves, but with red glow sticks instead of blue. and both groups run in fear. they go back and tell their friends about what happened. while emily also mentions that they passed through an area where it was completely dark. amir and hugh agrees that they also went through the same area when they went to the other house the first time. beth remembers that her brother-in-law left the book about quantum physics in her husband's car, which may help them understand the situation better. huge retrieves the book, and through reading it, the group suspects that the comet somehow created two realities. mike gets freaked out and wants to kill their doppelgangers, as he believes he would die when the comet passes. but that would never work out, as the other mic would be thinking about the same thing, resulting in a stalemate. kevin thinks that their realities may be a little different, as they saw beth sleeping instead of lee in the other house. since beth is the one sleeping, this also means they wouldn't have retrieved the book from hugh's car, nor arrived at the conclusion of the two realities with this hypothesis. mike thinks that they must steal the book from the other group to prevent them from attacking. he wants huge to give him his car keys, but the man refuses. with frustration, mike tells kevin that he will blackmail his doppelganger into stopping the others from getting the book by threatening to reveal his affair with hugh's wife. kevin thinks this is a terrible idea, but mike refuses to listen and leaves the house while the group is not looking. amir and hugh reveals that they originally had the red glow sticks and are from another house. they secretly take all the pictures and the book from this house and leaves. while mike comes back from the front door. kevin wonders how mike came back so quickly, but mike says that he left for close to an hour, already indicating that this is not the same mic. the group finds the book and other pictures missing, along with amir and hugh. they come to the shocking realization that they're probably from the other house. the lights go out again, but this time the generator is completely broken. they light up the candles again, and to their surprise, huge and amir with the blue glow sticks comes back, bringing the pictures and the book from the other house. but the group notices that this huge and amir is not the same version as the ones before, since this huge has a different bandage on his forehead. emily asks them whether if they left a note on the door from before, to which huge says that he never got the chance to do it, since he also received one while in the other house. this begs the question of who is leaving the notes? and the only explanation is that there are more than two realities out there. the group decides to make a unique marker for their house by rolling random numbers for each person and putting it behind their pictures. they use their old pictures taken from mike, except for amir, who takes his own picture in the house. they also take a random object to increase the uniqueness of the marker, and puts everything in the box that mike has in this house, which coincidentally is identical to the one from the other house. everything seems well and good at first. but emily discovers something terrifying when she checks for the numbers she wrote down using the pictures from the other house. the numbers are completely different and written in a different color, which means she's not in the same house as when she left. she further confirms this when her friends give her numbers that doesn't match what she remembers. she tells this to mike and speculates that by going through the dark areas, they're randomly sent to a reality different from the original. but this also means that there is no going back to the reality to which they came from. things get even worse when a note that blackmails mike shows up under the front door that includes mike and beth's name. hugh demands to know what this means, and eventually finds out about their affairs. mike tries to tell him that they're not from the same reality, but proceeds to get beat up by huge another mike charges in the front door and tries to kill this version of mike, which scares everyone in the room. in all this confusion, emily decides to leave all this chaos behind and begins wandering through the realities one by one she eventually finds a version of themselves where the power didn't go out and everyone seems to be at peace. she breaks the windows on huge's car, causing everyone to come outside. emily takes this opportunity to knock out her doppelganger and locks her in the trunk. she goes back to the room and pretends like nothing happened. but soon she sees her doppelganger has escaped and went into the bathroom. emily follows in and proceeds to knock her out and hide her in the bathtub. she tries to join the party, but faints from the stress. the next morning, she wakes up and sees that her copy has disappeared from the bathroom. she goes outside to see kevin, who hands her a ring that her copy has dropped, thinking it was hers. kevin hears a cell phone ring, but is shocked that the one calling is, in fact, emily. he picks up the phone and with a stunned expression, looks at the woman in front of him, not knowing what to say. so what do you guys think about this movie? let me know in the comments below. and if you like my video, please press like and subscribe for more. i'll see you guys next time. 