welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel whether you'll float. if you can't wait for the release of it, chapter two, and also don't have the time to read the massive epic that is Stephen King's novel, then this is the video for you. throughout this I'll be going through the entire ending of it and giving my thoughts on how this may translate to the upcoming film. I'll be using clips from both the original TV mini-series and the new films, just to kind of iterate the points. so some characters may look slightly different at certain points in the video. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything potentially ruined about it, then I highly recommend that you turn off. now, I've just finished the book myself, and it's definitely worth checking out if you enjoy the films. with that out the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for click in this video. now let's get into my breakdown of it. okay. so unlike the first film, the book isn't told in chronological order, with the perspective constantly jumping back and forth between the characters childhood and adulthood at its core, though, the ending of it centers around the reformation of the losers Club. Mike has silently stayed in Derry, whilst the rest of the losers Club have gone on to lead pretty successful lives in their respective professions. but after the death of Adrian Mellon at the dairy carnival, Jiri contacts the group to carry out their oath. bill has gone on to become a successful horror author, and he lives with his wife, Audra, who plays into the story later on. Beverly is a fashion designer who is married to an abusive husband named Tom. Eddie runs a limo company. Richie is a successful comedian. Ben is an architect, and Stan is an accountant. all of them reluctantly answer the call, except for Stan, who, soon after hanging up, slit his wrists in the bathtub. it's safe to say that the film is carrying this across, as in the promotional material, Stan is missing at the restaurant. at this restaurant, they reunite, and they begin to slowly be tormented by Pennywise, who, throughout the book, manifests in different forms to try and dissuade them from going to his lair. he even frees Henry Bowers from the mental hospital that he's been stuck in since a kid. after a confrontation with Mike, the character is killed, Mike is hospitalized, and at one point has to fight off a nurse that's been possessed by Pennywise. it's really scary stuff, and pretty much put me off ever go into the ER, even if my arms been bitten off. Pennywise also reaches out to Beverly's husband, Tom and orders him to capture Bill's wife, which he does, and he takes her to Penny wises lair, where Tom dies from seeing its true form, and order goes into a catatonic state. now, whilst all of this is going on, the losers Club are slowly remembering their childhood and gaining strength. there's an awesome chapter where Mike brings Bill his old bike, silver back, and this reminds the character of happier times. with their newfound unity, the group - Mike, descend into the sewers, and it's at this point that they come face-to-face with Pennywise, who has taken on the form of a giant spider. here they perform what's known as a ritual of Jude which is a very higher dimensional, esoteric moment that sees Bill and Ritchie and to Penny wisest minded to try and fight him. if you remember from the first film, the belief that they can beat penny wise almost transforms the weapons that they use. and Eddie, who believes that his inhaler has acid in it, sprays it in the creatures face, which hurts it pretty badly. Pennywise isn't out of the fight yet, though, and he kills Eddie, those who didn't end up any wise. his mind discover that Pennywise is actually female and has laid eggs. and Ben destroys them, whilst bill and Ritchie inside Pennywise his body, find its heart and destroy it. bill finally kills Pennywise, and he and Ritchie managed to escape, which is when the group leave the lair with Audra and Eddie's body. now I don't think that this part will happen in the film, as there are rumors that there could be a third iteration. excuse the pun, but at this point, all of the scores that Pennywise inflicted on them, his kids, disappear, which indicate that the creature is finally dead. at this point, Jerry begins to flood and the downtown area of the city collapses. which, for those who read the book, will understand that Pennywise is dairy, and dairy is Pennywise. so without the creature, the town cannot exist. Mike moves on and begins a new life. Ben and Beverly become an item, and Ritchie returns to California. bill stays in dairy with his wife, and together they ride on silver which wakes her up out of a atonic state, and she finally comes back to life, free from Pennywise because of the love of Bill. this ends the book. and I can see the film adapting the majority of this due to its lengthy runtime. the ritual of Jude is going to be in the film, and this will no doubt be one of the most thrilling scenes in the movies that think. we'll take a trek through the history of Bari and even showcase when Pennywise first came to the town. now, the rumoured follow-up film will apparently focus on the children of the losers Club returning to the area to discover that Pennywise has not been to feared. the movie will also apparently show Pennywise his origin story and follow his journey through laning and dari and allowing a settlement to be formed there, so that you always had a steady supply of food for when he slipped out of hibernation. if it chapter 2 is indeed the biggest horror movie of all time, as it's predicted to be, then I can definitely see them heading down this route, potentially not killing Pennywise at the end of the film, all letting one of its eggs survive. either way, I'm really excited for the movie, and I can't wait to see what it delivers in September. if you haven't read the book, but this video is piqued your interest, and I definitely recommend that you pick it up. it's hard to do the work justice, but it's the epitome of great storytelling and has so many amazing moments in it that it's difficult to really ding it for anything other than its length. and of course, love to hear your thoughts on the book, if you've read it. and if not, then let me know what you hope to see from this video in the final cut. if you enjoyed this, then please give it a thumbs up, as it massively helps me out. and make sure you check out my video on every time that penny wise was hidden in the background of a scene. would you be linked at the end? if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully i see over there after this. also, just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of John wick 3 and blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the ending of it in the comment section below. the one will be chosen at random on September the 10th, and the bureau will be shipped out from them to a bigoted surprise. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit Ribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace [Music] you 