welcome back to luca review channel. today i will tell you about an extremely attractive martial arts movie called 14 blades. to strengthen the country, the emperor established a strict court protection network, specializing in collecting orphans for brutal training. that organization is called the embroidered uniform guard. the one with the best martial arts is appointed as the blades commander. the official title is azure dragon. generations of azure dragon are all inherited the most powerful weapon of the mainland, which is d a. i'm in fourth. these orphans, under the reign of the king, could protect the country, but meeting the emperor was immoral. it made people afraid. towards the end of the ming dynasty, due to the corruption of the imperial court, the stupid emperor came to power. the embroidered uniform guard fell into the hands of gia zintsong, a unit close to the emperor. this barrel-shaped old man is prince ching, who is also the emperor's uncle. previously, there was a mutiny launched, but failed. was convicted of cutting off his legs, exiled at the border and not allowed to enter the capital, unwilling to settle down he colluded with gia zinson to set up a plot to overthrow the imperial court. jia zintsong ordered king along to kill xiao xiaozeng, who was said to be holding a list of traitors to the court. because of the imperial military talisman. king long immediately went on a mission. soon after, the military guards arrived at the vice president's residence. and zhao xiao zheng asked people to take his son and wife first. zhao xiao zing ran to the study room and met king long. there, he killed all the soldiers nearby in an instant. king long grabbed zhao xiao zhang's son and threatened him. he quickly took out a box. panicked to the point of falling, king long discovered that the object that zhao xiao zheng was holding was the emperor's jade seal. it was the object that xiao xiaozeng was plotting to take away for prince ching to prepare for a treason. suddenly, hundreds of arrows flew out from behind and hit zhao xiao zen. because in order to save zhao xiao zhang's son, king long was stabbed with a sword. and he had to watch the jade seal being stolen, there was one person in the embroidered uniform guard who betrayed and blamed it on king long so zuck and my who were taken away by them. it turned out that the traitor was juan wu. because juan we wanted to be the top commander of the embroidered uniform guard, juan roo listened to jia zin song's sweet words and killed his brothers. overly indignant, zhuk took the sword at his feet, strained to pull the chains to fight juan ru. for a while, also because jia zin song added fuel to the fire, or maybe zuck's martial arts were worse than juan wu's, zuck was easily killed by juan wu. it was by whose turn. his face full of indignation and determined to take revenge, he took the sword to cut the chains and rushed towards juan wu. he quickly stabbed juan wu by who used his force to knock down the pillar, causing the soldiers to panic. he rushed to kill jia zin song, when suddenly a tibetan girl appeared. her name was chuo chu o, the daughter of prince ching. her martial arts were much taller than bahu. so soon bye, who died at her hands. only azure dragon was able to escape, but he was seriously injured. here is the territory of the head of the bureaucracy, the king of the heavens, the lost and the gypsy. azure dragon came knocking on their door and gave them a check for 300 tales, saying that when they were done, they would give another 300 tales. and then he passed out. the next morning, they used an excuse to bring their daughter to her husband's house to get out of the city. in the castle, the guard strictly guarded the purpose to capture the azure dragon. since he was an acquaintance. the general went to ask him a little bit and then gave him some money, so they were safe out of the city. after leaving the city, they stopped at a cliff to eat and drink together. while eating and drinking, suddenly this group of rude people appeared. they called themselves the eagle. they demanded that the generals group first give them 80 tales and then trample their flag. unable to bear their grievances, chow hua gave them a kick and took back the national flag. they were preparing for war, when from nowhere came the chicken dude that confused them. as your dragon came out with the chicken leg and looked cool. just one hand made them fall down. this guy claimed to be the leader, so he gave him a chicken bone. suddenly, he saw the card on azure dragon's body. he knew that azure dragon was not an easy person to defeat, so they quickly left. it was also because of revealing the card order that the imperial army began to pursue him. they came to a road full of tombstones, where they were blocked by a log. everyone went down to clear the way, when suddenly the imperial army rushed to surround them. the imperial army approached the car because they thought that the azure dragon was in it. when they opened the car door, suddenly, a mysterious weapon flew out and killed two soldiers. as your dragon appeared from the sky, chow hua wanted to help azure dragon, so she rushed out without hesitation. as your dragon hugged chow whose waist, the two combined. their steps were as graceful as dancing. wherever they went, all the soldiers died. at the same time, behind the coffin lid appeared this long-haired dirted man. he did not hesitate to fly straight towards azure dragon because he is the main character who is blessed escape death. bored of putting down the sword, i fought with bare hands. the bewildered horse was suddenly knocked down. and did not understand what happened. after fighting for a while, that good always triumphs over evil. as your dragon used his sword to interrogate a soldier, he learned that the person who wanted to pursue him was juan wu. and he also azure dragon uses his daughter to threaten the general to help him lure those who are pursuing him to the town. three days later, if completed, he will return the daughter to him. after walking away for a while, azure dragon stopped by the side of the road to pee. taking this opportunity, chow hua was about to run away, but she did not expect that he was at night when she slept, because she was with a man, she had to prepare a cane for self-defense. at night. he brought a blanket to cover her, who expected her to beat him and bleed his head. the next morning, the two of them went to breakfast. they ordered a lot of dishes, but when it came time to pay, they were both bewildered. with no other way, azure dragon had to pay with his card order. they went to a nearby in to take a hot spring bath. they talk about old stories. azure dragon unconsciously recalled the past when he and his brother were locked in the dungeon, fighting and killing each other just for food. the embroidered uniform guard is a path with no return, killing without knowing the cause. only needs to know the time, place, an object. completing the mission is the only sanctity of the embroidered uniform guard. it's also the sad song of the embroidered uniform guard. at an in they used to eat at, chuochua was there, she saw his card as your dragon was worn on the in owner's son. she quickly went looking for azure dragon. azure dragon took chowhoo to buy clothes and told her to pretend to be a man, and then gave her a letter asking her to find jia zin saul. chow hua pretended to be the azure dragon inside to talk to the soldiers, with the purpose of distracting them, so that he had a chance to find out the whereabouts of the jade seal. finished, he came to the rescue of chow hua. he had discovered that there would be a jade seal trade today between gia zinson and the second lieutenant. he was on high to observe the situation. at that moment, chow hua pretended to be a passer by using a beauty trick to attract the attention of a soldier and obtained a card for the azure dragon. they ate together. to be full. only with food can one achieve enlightenment. suddenly, from the outside came a group of people. this guy in skimpy clothes was judge of the desert, the head of the heavens eagles gang. that group of people surrounded the inn and wanted to challenge the king long. they fight together, challenge the opponent for a match, creating an exciting atmosphere for viewers. the heavens eagles gang wants to rob the caravan of money, and king long wants to take the object of their transaction, the jade seal. they decided to collaborate. if this case fails king long will commit suicide. what he wants to get is not only the jade seal, but also his own dignity. because she didn't want childhood to get involved, king long gave her 300 tales and told her to find her future. general tears rolled down. they say they take advantage, but they already have feelings for each other. she still had to be willing to leave before the fireworks. king long still had time to sip the rest of the wine to get the fighting spirit. as if already knowing his plan, chuochuo appeared to approach king along, as if to prevent him from going to the station. when it was time for fireworks, she began to attack king long with the chain. very quickly and dangerously. they fought a fierce battle that destroyed the end of the innkeeper. she ran out of skills and played a trick to escape and hide, making king long's eyes flutter. not having enough time to play with her, king long activated an organ in the saber box, attacked chuochuo with his feet and quickly left. gia zintsong and ziya, who daway, started the transaction emperor's xia, who gave jia zin song a lot of gold to make him dizzy. in exchange, gia's in song had to give him the jade seal. at this time, king long had successfully infiltrated inside camden. vuong also wanted to send a letter of approval to the people entering the country. to correct the letter obviously treason. so jia jing song did not agree. he ordered juan rou to recover the jade sister. at this moment, juan recited with zia who do wei and directly killed jia zin saul. the signal was sent. the heavens eagles gang charged to attack all the troops. judge of the desert throws minds that blow up the guard post. the brothers teamed up to break the gate, run out of the soldiers. just one swing of the sword and the soldiers are already dead. at this time, the inside of king long also began to act. seeing king along schwandry was scared. king long advised swanri to stop and not follow in his footsteps. at that time, judge of the desert appeared and defeated the soldiers and killed ziahudawe. on juan du's side, his martial arts were not as good as king long's no matter how much he resisted, his sword was cut by king long. juan drew, threw king long the jade seal and escaped a lot of gold. but king long didn't take any giving it all to the judge of the desert. judge of the desert has prepared a car for king long. when going to the carriage, chow hua was also there, but was controlled by chuo chu o. she forced king long to hand over the jade seal in exchange for chow hua. thought king long would leave the beauty to follow the country. but he gave chuwo chuwo the jade seal and saved chow hua. judge of the deserts team also knowed that king long was being pursued by chuo chu o. their brothers in the northern desert discovered that there were battle drums on the side of camden vuong's palace. at the same time, a firelands team of 300 people was sent to move towards the ancient city of thin lane. the palace side is extremely bewildered. true fam gun for losing the jade seal and was imprisoned in the great prison, awaiting execution. judge of the deserts team planned to help king long obtain his jade seal and sanctity. king long was mentally prepared for this final battle. he decided to go without saying goodbye to childhood. he would fight alone, without involving everyone. but unexpectedly, chow hua was standing in front of him and many brothers of the general bureau. they came to help king along and won't let him fight alone. their martial arts are not good, but they are very good at the road. then they all went on the road together. chu ochuo was on his way out to bring the jade seal to camden buong, and met camden buong support team. all enter the ancient city of thien lang. here, king long encounters juan roos team. king long attacks them with two daggers. the goal is to lure chuochuo away from the team so it's easier to steal the rune seal. juan rou troops move forward and meet a tight rocks blocked the road behind which appeared king long again. juan would call the soldiers to dismount. pursuing a segment, chu ochoa discovered that it was chow hua. the two changed positions. juan ru chased his army to the cliff, without knowing that there were many traps on his head. the shao bureau team threw mines like a blinding fire for the two sides to kill each other. they dropped rocks and killed many soldiers. stones fell like rain. corpses piled up as for the survivors. face to face, they began to attack. king long and juan rou, once again, fought each other quickly. zwandri was defeated by king long's knight. juan ru gave back the jade seal to king long because of the brotherhood. king long spared one woo, but zwandri wanted to beat him in the back. so king long killed juan roo. chu ochuo caught up with chow hua. when she was about to strike. judge of the desert appeared as a hero. fought her once and let xiao who would go first. after fighting for a while, perhaps judge of the desert's martial arts was not as good as hers, so he was seriously injured. he finally fell under her iron whip. king long sees chow hua. he is happy, but sad because of judge of the desert's death. chow hua and king long broke up. both of them have feelings for each other, nostalgic and unwilling to leave chow hua revealed a secret to king long that she broke off her engagement with the future general. king long promises her that when she is in trouble, shake the bracelet in her hand, he will appear to help her. king long asked childhood to bring the jade seal to the general of xinxi, and he will go to deal with chuo chu o. after all, he will come find her. king long lures chuochuo to an abandoned shrine. perhaps this will be the last battle. the brutal war begins. the sound of knives hitting the iron whips made people shudder. king long was hit by chu ochuo's palm to the point of vomiting blood. not least, he stabbed her once. king long activated the organ in the treasure box, intending to rush to defeat her, but unexpectedly, she was beaten. back. overjoyed too soon, she was knocked over by a pillar because she was too strong. king long tried to cut the iron wire to close the iron door, but she caught king along and severely injured him. timely flying the knife to make the door collapse. chuwochua couldn't run up and was clamped by one leg. now that both were seriously injured, chu ochio used cicadas to molt again, but this time king long knew the tip and easily cut her shirt to pieces. she was slashed several times by king long. in the end, all were exhausted. king long hug chu ochuo and activated the treasure box. from the box, three arrows flew through chuochuo and king long's body. it's finally over. he's glad he got revenge for his brothers, and he's also satisfied that he's finished his path. in the embroidered uniform, guard chow hula has completed the task of giving the jade seal. camden vuong's treason plot failed. he committed suicide before being executed. the emperor also took care of the government affairs true family and was restored to his position. as for chow hua, she became the head of the department of t.o.2 tu. most of all, she was always thinking about king long, shaking the bell and hoping he would appear. this is the end of the movie. see you in the next movie. thank you for watching the movie. 