listen. so we previously made a video on the Fast &amp; Furious series, and we said we're gonna be making a part - that was gonna cover how the F's went from standing for family to them all fighting. that's that in part one. a lot of people really, really, really like to arrange a bit, and totally didn't miss the point of the ADR line. so unbeknownst to me, Ray J himself picked up the phone and called, I don't know who, but eventually a rep did hit us up about ray cons and sent me a discount code for you guys as they proudly sponsored this video right here, a video detailing the most furious aspects of the fast franchise, where the only thing crazier than the fights on screen are the fights behind it. we do this body's not even cold. um, your family's already replacing them. let me explain. now, besides having to be bald and furious to lead a fast installments, sorry, or lacquer, there also has to be an entire rollout from Universal. this may have started as a street movie, but now it's a money-making machine up there with Star Wars and Marvel. the series may focus on family but they also want to focus in on your family visiting the all youth fast and furious ride at Universal. they want you to go to the live fast and furious events. which, you know, I'm actually, I'm actually kind of mad. I'm is because it's like medieval times for cars. but out of all the stunts the series has pulled, from leaping through buildings, driving out of the sky, bringing back that debt, the biggest sleep has been going from that street car movie starring a couple of Bros to the Dwayne the rock Johnson extravaganza. but when it comes to business and when it comes to executing, it's up against this and I gotta go that way, and I don't give a [ __ ] who is in front of me. they're not gonna stop me. what's crazy is that at one point, the character of Hobbes wasn't even meant to be a character like this. he was, he was gonna be portrayed by Tommy Lee Jones, before someone on Facebook suggested the rock being in the movie so that he could, like, punch Wendy's on the face. no, lie, the rock even think that fan on Facebook? well, not bad having you work for me and even though the first installments together seem fine, and they literally, they were best buds. it's been pretty well documented that the rock and Vin Diesel have not seen eye to eye on where the franchise is supposed to go. you telling me there can't be a double alpha one group? personally, I kind of see both points. obviously, this is Vin Diesel's baby, who he did abandon it for a little bit, but then he came back and created a legacy out of it. I'll legacy that will and has outlived this on-screen familia that said, we're not gonna lie an ad like The Rock didn't breathe in life. to the series with Fast Five literally calling himself franchise viagra on Saturday Night Live. can you smell what Stephen Hawking is cooking? could they have stopped it at 7:00 with it being a beautiful send-off and tribute to Paul? yeah. but the script 2f8 wrote itself as these two started fighting off screen, and I think someone that got caught on camera. [Music]. so as the bigger the series got, the more people wanted to be a part of it, the more ideas that there were, the more clashing that there was to the point that producers who were there from the beginning, we're getting cut, like Steve Jobs. the rock was pettier than a soccer mom on Instagram, thinking everyone on Sat except Vin Diesel. diesel then subs Dwayne by calling himself daddy. and Johnson, a junior who followed the leader. and that's when, if you pay close attention to it, both people want, you start to see the farthest philosophies possible. the rock clearly wants to make the biggest franchise as possible, even giving sermons about it. I want Will Smith's career but, and I said, and I mean this respectfully, because I know he's here at this agency with us, I want to do it bigger and better. then, on the other hand, then legitimately believes the Fast and Furious should win an Oscar. there was no number attached to these movies. it would be contenders for Best Picture. it may seem funny at first, but he legit hypes up the cast and crew for awards season. you know, he goes about actually hiring more Oscar winners. he believes the dramas in there. he knows his action set-pieces are award worthy. and considering how he views his Riddick franchise, one that he owns and he sees as being very Shakespearean. considering he's been in Oscar films, he started in them, he's looking at how hard he's worked and knows that it's at the level of those filmmakers who are winning awards. meanwhile, [Music], can mascar movies also have their own theme park rides? that's up for you and James Cameron, since he did it, to decide. should the series again, like I said, ended at 7 as it was a good, perfect send-off for Paul perhaps. but maybe the rock is right. that's why he's seen so much success. when you think about it, they do have a pretty big universe now. you got characters like Sookie who are still alive and can make a comeback. Minka Kelly was featured in one of the shorts with Paul Walker, and she's still alive. even older characters are coming back for more installments. and when you really look at it, the idea for spin-offs is they're considering these two are presented by The Fast and Furious, kind of like those never-ending, expanding Star Wars stories. and that's what brings us to the official first detour of the series, or what some would call the wrong turn, when Vin got angry, the rock got bigger, and Jason Statham was like, you're really gonna turn me into the good guy after I almost blow up a baby? so it's an anime. at points I thought I was watching test footage for the live-action Akira. the rock would get whooped by Kirby, just for him to pick her up at the end like a paperweight. he goes full superhero, pulling copters like Steve wielding a shield to defeat a super soldier. and then they have him fighting like it's the rundown. Brava, where's all our guns? I can't read of them. very noble misses ups. boy, was worried he wasn't gonna get a sequel. it was cool to see idris play a bad guy who can outrun bullets, just can't fire them. but it's a Kirby, who was previously an mi6 fallout, has a fallout with the mi6 if she gets transported by her brother Jason, away from black Superman, brought Superman. yeah, it was an improvisation that just got stuck in the movie. and it's kind of interesting, because they single do that single two-hour and I'm like, I wasn't actually written that said, I don't know why they put this ugly watching Mad Max on a shattered iPhone 6 filter cuz it was dirty. I wanted to take a Clorox of the projector. by the end of it, the movie was a rented for me. you know, the whole premise of the film is to have Hobbs and Shaw agree to work with each other, to take away the series from and diesel, depending on who you're asking. the rack starts bringing in his own familiar into the series like it's parasite. even the director who did Deadpool previously brings in Ryan for like 47 after credits scenes. Dwayne RiRi recasts a girl from the game plan. cliff Curtis gets to add another ethnicity to cross out of his bucket list with this role. but I can't really say that it holds up to the rest of the series, in my opinion. I know the director wanted this take of the series to be more fun forward then I guess the other installments were. but this just feels like a completely different series to me. I'm not saying that FAA and Furious 7 weren't already like a CGI clip away from being a Michael Bay flick, but I legit thought I was watching a cartoon at points. and it sucks cuz I really do like the stunt work in it. a lot of the talent involved, I think are very talented. I just wish I could see them. at the end of the day, though, most people see the series as a money machine that's never gonna run out of gas, maybe diesel, but one that clearly has no end in sight. if you're a fan of them, then you're in luck. if you're not, then hopefully the behind the scenes was more entertaining for you. by the end of it, they realize that it's all about family. as they go visit their moms, they realize that family will fight sometimes, but it's all about working through it together, and that if you want to defeat evil idris elba, the only way to do it is by making fun of the fact that he was in cats, we're doing this big fight scene. I'm walking in, looking over vard\xc3\xb8, never like here. just what you doing next? [Applause]. cats, thank you. guys for checking out this video. and a big thank you to Ray J himself and for the Ray cons for sponsoring this video right here. we've used a lot of headphones in the past when it comes to, you know, listening and editing, so I can attest to these being better than a lot of other premium headphones we should money on, especially when these are half the price. we use them to edit this entire video right here. it's pretty flawless. we add them in four more hours and Ray J, no problem. super comfortable. my voice sounded crisper than it usually does. and I love getting up and not getting strangled by the noose that is wired headphones. they were also really cool. and since it's the newest model to test out, you know, they told us to mention the obvious, six hours of playtime, seamless bluetooth pairing, improvement in phase, funk all the ways. I'm gonna be honest with you, the thing I really want to talk about is this case. no, I've been caressing this thing longer than I've been using the headphones, just because of how soft the material is. I don't know how to explain it, like, it's smoother than Dwayne the rock Johnson, squeaky bald head. every person who I've let borrow these notices at to so, you know, if you don't need new headphones, and you need a new fidget spinner, these are LME approved. they have a cool little design. when you open them, you could take all skip songs. case even charges them three times over. and I really do dig the philosophy behind the company. so if you need new wireless earbuds, if you need something to caress, but you just want to check them out, since they were cool enough to sponsor these videos, as you know, your boy gets to monetize left and right, check out the link in the description below. that'll help you get 15% off your order, literally making them some of the best Wireless buds you can get. other than that. thank you guys for watching this video. it's crazy to think that with this series, it's pretty much like its own genre. now, like with superhero films, people want to grow up in direct to certain genre, superhero film, people kids are gonna grow up to want indirect the Fast &amp; Furious movie. and it's only a matter of time. so, you know, Universal NBC has their own streaming series there. I got a rollercoaster ride. they got a lot going with this. and maybe one day Vin Diesel get his Oscar. but other than application, are your thoughts on this series? other things that I may have missed, your favorite characters, installments, moments, all of that and anything else down below. and until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and you too can get your own fast and furious spin off. 