before I begin, let me start by saying, you can try to do everything right in your life, but you fail to kiss one one time, and you don't get blow the [ __ ] up, and your wife called Odie, and the mom going, hit a home run. would you be a fest head? the stars of our movie today, ah, some good fellows - Henry + ginger and the man she loves, not him, him, who play? our story begins in Vegas in 1983, houses right there, with this six of some named ace, played by Robert De Niro. my man, talking about how you gotta create a little circle of trust or somesuch, just before it gets blowed the [ __ ] up. I told you, well, duh. hey, Robert De Niro, this is the Nero dummy. but when you think about how this happened to a man who was just talking about trust, what the hell chance the rest of us have? is that what trust to get you blow the [ __ ] up? and you say, I'm a suit and tie finding De Niro dumb ass through the flames of hell. our story really begins with ace and his childhood friend Nicky, back some time before Nicky struck out, and haste went flying high, giving you the setup for the real beginning of the story. and the set up is basically that ace is a professional handicapper. he's so good, in fact, that a bunch of old mob thoughts who lay low cranky, have set him up in charge of a donut shop just playing a casino called the Tangiers. and this is a story of how things turned out for a man who plays by the book. and I want to rain on your parade, but it turns out not so great, as you've already been shown by the genero dummy in Santa suit boom-boom incident. so our story really, really begins ten years earlier, before aces slight engine problems, where he tells us about the prestige of running a casino and how the razzle-dazzle in showbiz is just to get your money. well, I sure am glad all the casinos do that, but this casino is the worst about it, because the mob boss bit send a certain good fella every month to take large sums of money back to the mob bosses before it's accounted for and the IRS can tax them on it. well, I can't say I really blame them for that. I know that's hard for you sticklers to understand, doc know your eyes and crossing all your T's on your tax returns, like gue little citizens, not claiming your cat as a dependent and not counting on a pencil sharpener as a business expense. but hey, you're a bigger man to me. who you to judge me? you see my cat, that fat bit eats a lot. most of y'all duck children. and of course, any legitimate business needs some nice guys who golf with the president to let people know that nothing is crooked. they're so legitimate that they know all ace has to do to run the casino is apply for a gaming license, and while it's process, and have someone else act like they're running their casino, too legit to quit. and because ace is a clever bitten has making money down to an almost psychotic science, he's got good old Nicky watching his back. front, left, right, top and bottom. okay, maybe nice bottom. ain't that close? oh, maybe they are. I'm not aware of their sexual proclivities. so you got a friend in it, don't you wish you had a friend who would do this to a victor? gave you lip about opinion. a pen man the depth of their friendship knows no bounds, though, as you'll see later, they both know the depth of the same woman. okay, sometimes the bonds of friendship can go a bit too far, but this bromance is the money-making dream team. only downside about running this cash cows that ace has to give jobs to every family member of the influential political perks that help keep things easy for the casino, even if their first and last name might be Cletus. and the security up in this just tighter than aces so. and he's on the job. I mean, these bits watch these bits. these bits are watching these bits. these bits are watching those bits, those bits are watching them bits. then bits are watching these bits. that bit us watching those bits, and aces watching all the bits. and even the camera be watching ace. and even h be watching the camera, which is exactly how a finds this bit. and to ginger, a true hustla of the only selling persuasion. that's the nice things. you have good things to say about her. meanwhile, nikki and ace have a little conversation when nikki says, hey, i hear you're doing pretty damn well out here. what'd you say I come on out here and look everything up and for a little while, Nikki and his family, they just tell average, everyday, run-of-the-mill kind of neighborly folk who look like they followed the rules, obey the law and won't get beat to death with the same sports equipment that Lily child is using. and nothing of stick LaHaye worse than a mother ingredient cheater. you don't cheat on hand, you gonna lose a and I'll just be glad she wasn't cheating at billiards and lose your balls. well, Nick is pretending to have his together. ace is trying to keep everything in order, like the good little stickler he is, by getting the bun in the oven before he marries the Baker. see, sometimes you gotta do that kind of [ __ ]. you got to do things wrong to get things right. you know, like how you got to do a donut in the car your test-drive enough, how you got taste the milk before you buy the couch? you know I'm saying, well, no, my widow, fortunately, ginger, is definitely not hooked on a pimp boyfriend and bound for a life of alcoholism and a drug overdose. so ace will not walk in on her right after their wedding, while she sobs during a kind of phone sex call with a childhood pimp. and not get that [ __ ] marriage annulled pronto. you know man loves you when he will see to the sacrifice of 150 tiny chinchilla mammals just to keep your coke addicted warm and in style. it's so romantic. and look at all this gold he gonna buy for you to try to sell to go back to you coke addicted pimp. but she won't even have to, because you gonna give her the key to two million dollars in cash money, because she is proven by that sob sex fest on the phone that she is emotionally stable, loving, count agape love. that's what this is. so step up, Jim. Jim could only dream. Oh, Jeff, a little salty [ __ ] today. and not only does Nikki cause problems, but everyone around that so does too. look at this bit with his smelly can feet up on that table like he owned the joint. de Paz smell like funk own cheese roll through pigs. ain't nothing Jim hate worse than a kicking, stinky host. my nose smells and mother-in Hicks. I'm sure you all feel the same. meanwhile, he's just trying to improve the casino any way. he knows how. maybe somebody should find a DeLorean and go back in time and tell them that the real market value is in the big butts. meanwhile, Nikki's been terrorizing the whole damn town, and he gets put in something called the black book and gets banned from every casino in Las Vegas. just goes to show it might take a few years of doing dumb [ __ ], but eventually you gonna be putting you in place. and they says, and what Nikki didn't understand is, once he's in the black book, he's in there with both me, you know, because I played our component, the untouchables. so Nikki, the FBI, they'll be watching you. so Nikki do a bunch of illegals who shocked. and he makes so much damn money, he's running out of places to put the money. so Nikki, how about this? take all that money and shove it up your all the way up in your we gotta keep this tidy and be sure don't fall out. you know, subplot here. it's called low Joe. and then Nikki brag about how he had to keep the big bosses happy, so every time they gave him a job, he would do it. as he says to a tee, well, that's good to know, conducting all your crime and shipshape condition. if you want to know just how cleanly he conducts his business, look no further than this here bang-up job. you'll have to watch this on your own. ain't showing this film if I'd like to keep it clean. here. huh? here go this Cletus yokel again. ace, you better kiss that dummy. he's the county commissioners brother-in-law, child. and if you want that gaming license, you better not find him. but ace, like so many of the play by the rules kind naively believes that it doesn't matter if you with the family of people that matter. my god, man, does your days as a Corleone as teach you nothing you're gonna rue the day you crossed Cletus. Cletus. oh yeah. and you speedballing ball-and-chain needs more money. and they says, can I trust you? I mean, can you really trust another human being? ginger, no, the answer is, you cannot. now, they play beat the clock. I mean, beaten. I mean, [ __ ] to pimp. the way I see it, everybody takes a beating sometime. so ginger needs a shoulder to cry on, a very short shoulder to cry on. I mean, so short you go ahead to Crouch to cry on it. all right. back to acing. whoa. I always thought this man was hot, but mrs. De Niro, those your legs? are you just riding a wrinkle chicken? now, time for age to start ruling, cuz Cletus brother in law in the house and county commissioner, Bubba in law wanting his inbred cousin to have his job back. but a says, did I not clearly explain the circle of trust to you? see, if I can't trust you, then I have no choice but to put you right back outside the circle. and once you're out, you're out. there's no coming back. and Bubba in law says, then I'm not clearly state what keeps you in this state. see, if you don't kiss my check behind, then I have no choice but to kick you right back outside of Nevada. and once you're out, your there's no coming back. so the ball in pain keep crying about the pimp. the mob boss is getting pissed that somebody's robbing the money they robbed by the people they paying to rob it. and the mob sends our deepest Cano to Vegas to be sure the robbers don't rob the mob. and Asia's connection to Nicky draws more attention to old chicken legs, while brother-in-law puts more pressure on the powers that be to deny a sore gaming license. or, you know what, let's just see if we can pretend he never applied for it and chicken run his side of town. and aints keep preaching, I just want to play by the rules and [ __ ] like rules. what rules? oh, those rules, the rules. so the FBI watched Nicky even more, and they tap out his deli and have big fun. listen to that dumpster running his mouth about the casino employees. honestly thought he was going to get a fair trial. for politicians that cheat on their wives, if two dumpsters argue in the desert and nobody gets poked in, thanks for the cactus, what's the argument? also pointless. but that don't keep that selfish shrimp from getting all up in some a space-age. don't you know, you could very easily squash that rat plus another 149 similar-sized pest just like him, and make your wife another coat. oh look, who ain't trustworthy. let's take a quick poll. who shot a? not me. B, not me. si, not me. Oh, Dee Jeff. stop with this books. can get back to the movie. oh my God, look who. finally growth can brain races. tired of this bull get you can't take your damn money and can't get out. and, yeah, and now I'm just playing. I'm glad you're home. have a beeper. guess I can keep tabs on you. cheatin, you pimp. don't get ready for a [ __ ] the Squeakquel get it because he's the size of a chipmunk, it has the same vocal range. I hope you enjoy your shrimp cocktail. whoo. and yet, be honest, having a girl time watching this show. they probably feeling emotional connection of these characters, like they watching The Young and the Restless. probably sitting there with their cameras and by nights, eating bonbons, saying, Paul ace. but ace finds out, and he and Nikki both decide they have had enough of this crazy so she goes to the bank and gets the money in the lockbox. it's in her name, because ace chests. and then the dominoes come tumbling down. the house of cards gets blown over. the chips are down. is that enough metal balls? okay, good. the point is just hits the fan and it makes a big ol mess. whoo. and a bunch of folks get off, and ginger runs out of money in life. and now we're back to the dinero dummy. but what the culprit didn't realize is the factory installed a metal plate under the driver's seat of that model car. so essentially, after all this nonsense, the only thing a sever [ __ ] did right is buy a car that would protect us in the event that his bastard of a best friend decided to bang his bit and blow him up. and that right there is the saddest sentence I've ever spoke. and to my bosses, make sure Nikki strikes out and a SCO's to San Diego to work as a handy cafe in horse racing. because, yeah, you know, that's full of law-abiding do-gooders. and that's that band. be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe, because if there's anything you can bear on it's men. it's the only pure thing in this God forsaken world. you can expect me to upload more videos every time I feel like I get one just right. you know what helps me? getting right? money. I'm trying to out of you, and I trying to get rich, and I won't waste, you know, to casino. I just want to keep the channel going. thank you to all these folks for helping. and special thank you to these special aces. Dan W, o Anna M, Donna G, Grady L and Melanie M. full moon is explain fall. I'm Jeb Oh died. I just hope I don't have nightmares about them nylon covered chicken legs. [Music]. 