in 1967, during the kisangani mutinies, a virus called motava, which causes a deadly fever, is discovered in the african jungle. to keep the virus a secret, us, army officers donald mcclintock and billy ford destroy the camp where soldiers were infected. 28 years later, colonel sam daniels, a usa. mri id virologist, is sent to investigate an outbreak in zayer. he and his crew, lieutenant colonel casey schuler and new recruit, major salt, gather information and return to the united states. ford, now a brigadier general and daniel's superior officer, dismisses the latter's fears that the virus will spread. a white-headed capuchin monkey that is host to the virus is smuggled into the country. james jimbo scott, a worker at an animal testing laboratory, is infected when he steals the monkey to sell on the black market. jimbo fails to sell the monkey to rudy alvarez, who also becomes infected. a pet store owner in the coastal california village of cedar creek, after releasing the monkey in the woods outside of the nearby community of palisades. he develops symptoms on a flight to boston and infects his girlfriend, alice. their illness is investigated by dr roberta. keough, a cdc scientist and daniel's ex-wife, jimbo. alice and rudy die, but keo determines that no one else in boston was infected. a hospital technician in cedar creek is infected when he accidentally breaks the vial of rudy's blood. the virus quickly mutates into a strain capable of spreading like influenza, becoming airborne and causing a number of people to be infected. in a movie theater, daniels flies to cedar creek against ford's orders, joining keo's team with schuler and salt. as they begin a search for the monkey, the army quarantines the town and imposes martial law. schuler is infected when his suit tears, and keo accidentally sticks herself with a contaminated needle while treating him. when ford provides an experimental serum, which cures the original strain, daniels realizes that his superiors were aware of the virus before the outbreak. daniels learns about operation clean sweep, a plan for the military to contain the virus by bombing cedar creek, incinerating the town and its residents, ostensibly to prevent motaba's expansion to pandemic proportions. however, mcclintock, now a major general, plans to use the operation to conceal the mutated virus existence, so the original strain can be preserved for use as a biological weapon to prevent daniels from finding a cure. mcclintock orders him arrested for carrying the virus. daniels escapes before he and salt fly a helicopter to the ship at sea which carried the monkey. daniels obtains a picture of the monkey and releases it to the media. a palisades resident, mrs jeffries, realizes that her daughter, kate has been playing with the monkey, which she named betsy, and calls the cdc. daniels and salt arrive at the jeffries house, where salt tranquilizes betsy after kate coaxes her out of hiding in the woods nearby. when he learns from daniels about betsy's capture, ford delays the bombing. once back in cedar creek, salt mixes betsy's antibodies with ford's serum to create an antiserum. although schuler has died, they save keo. mcclintock returns to base and resumes operation clean sweep. refusing to listen to ford, daniels and salt fly their helicopter directly into the path of the bomber's approach to its target. with ford's help, daniels persuades the bomber's flight crew to detonate the bomb over water and spare the town. before mcclintock can order another bombing, ford relieves him of command and orders his arrest. daniels and keo reconcile, as cedar creek's residents are cured. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. 