a level that you're never gonna get back. please, always push it open to the brain freeze. never expect your respect British race 50 to be tight. 10 [Music] being the only issue written after 9/11. book three severely shifts the tone of the Dark. Knight strikes again, devastated by the Brainiac ship from last issue with trouble is's and ruins, clearly inspired by the devastation after the Twin Towers. dr is a lot more striking in these sections due to its realistic tone. buildings are in ruins, citizens are back, and there's a smog of dust that overlaps everything, blocking out all light. heroes search for their families amongst the rubble. and while it's never initially supposed to be in this book, it actually feels like one of its strongest moments. unfortunately, the death of this lasts about as long as the Cheeky Girls career, and we're quickly back into the nonsensical do in your head in new sections that completely ruined the issue last time. carrying over from the prior issue of the super chicks, a quasi online slash superhero inspired rock group. clearly drawn and over sexualized, they feel like the worst element of every page they appear on. they will make you wish that a cheeky girls career had lasted longer. that joke come full circle, cuz I'm brilliant demonstrating how out of touch Frank Miller is with youth culture. these seem to represent the internet generation, Millennials who go to abstract creations to tell them what to think and feel. honestly, it's absolutely terrible when a revolt is started at one of their concerts in order for Batman to gain troops. it's a bad version of the mutant uprising from The Dark. Knight Returns. in the original though, that motif was really well done, but here it feels more annoying than that fat girl who cries at every house party you go to. at first, when you seen a crime, you were like, I know the guy who loves kissing someone else. but you know, you're a nice person, you come round with but now when you see a crying it's just like, Oh, son, this McDonald's is open 24/7, so I don't know what she's crying about. that metaphor doesn't really work, but it shows that when things keep happening over and over and slowly getting worse and worse. they're just not as appealing, and you lose interest in them. hashtag, stop Kony. 2012, but I digress. tracking down Superman due to a homing device at the out in place. in this year, Batman confronts the Blue Boy Scout after revealing that he is a porn for the government due to canned or being in Lex's possession. The Dark Knight decides to help him. it would be a triumphant moment. but Batman decides to go around telling everyone that if they want his help, then they work for him. he shouts, going on a crazy power trip, like that one guy at work who gets paid 10 pence more an hour than you do, so he's technically supervisor, and he just looks down on you and tells you to clean the toilet because he thinks you're no good. full-time yummy mommy. double scum. Laura rebels against this o'clock informed so that Bruce can speak to her any way he likes because he's in charge. it's a face palming moment. I love Batman, but when he's made out to be an egomaniac, Justin Bieber type of guy, I completely hate the lad. this is worse than when Bieber said the Anne Frank would have been one of his fans. yes, I'm sure. Justin that you would've loved playing your music in the Attic. it would have been great. anyway, the heroes launched their attack on Luthor and Brainiac. at some point, Batman has been captured, and he is tortured repeatedly. at the mercy of Lex of course, this is a trap. Batman meant to get caught because, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, you've heard it a million times, wanting to distract Luthor so that Greenland and could foil his plans. it seems slightly counterintuitive. Batman, whilst cunning, isn't stupid. and he would never allow himself to be beaten so badly. just as see the look on someone's face when he got the drop on him. he's insane, not her mania was. analytically, the ending doesn't really work that well in its moment. you know, it's alright, the presentations not amazing. but it's actually an all right send off to the main plot. and the book should end at this point, but crazy Frank Miller has other plans on how he's gonna ruin all his hard work. operating in the background, Dick Grayson has slowly stalked Carrie Kelly, taking on the appearance of the Joker, he makes his final move in the Batcave. he attacks the girl Wonder and has her at death's door until the Caped Crusader turns up. whilst in the right hands, this left field twist could have ended the book on a devastating final showdown. Miller's goofy portrayal of the regeneration completely mental, invincible, Dick Grayson just ruins it. he gets beheaded, he captures his head, he sticks it back on his body. he loses limbs and they just grow back. and it's just really goofy. what you mean, all comics are goofy? Miller never really set up for this twist at all. throughout any of the previous boots, we get no insight into dick Grayson's motives, and it just seems really unwarranted for the character. never in all of dick Grayson's history has he been presented as this crazy, unhinged potential villain. so when appears in here, it just feels really underdeveloped. it has no reason to be in the book. it's completely obscure, and it's just completely ridiculous. Bruce beats the Boy Wonder strides the Batcave and the world returns to normal. it's a bland finish, and it's weird that miller chose the end on this rather than a slightly better face-off between Batman and Lex Luthor. whilst nowhere near as bad as the awful second issue, book 3 isn't that much better. it completely under delivers. and the fact that Frank Miller took a year to write this one issue is completely unbelievable. I have no idea what he was doing, but it certainly wasn't writing or taking on that's possessing moments of genius in the 911 sections. it's more crushing to see that these pages get patted out with scantily clad women spouting utter dribble. there is so much potential here as well, but Miller, he just drops the ball completely. and that's why this issue gets a four out of ten overall. the Dark Knight strikes again was never gonna live up to its predecessor. however, one could at least expect some of the quality from that groundbreaking title. to carry over side-by-side. the groups feel like they were created by a completely different team. so it's unbelievable that most of the creative time behind the first one return here. I really don't know what happened. it's clearly drawn, really paced, the dialogues terrible, and it's just bad all over. possessing more cons than pros, it's really difficult to recommend this book to anyone other than the most die-hard fans. the first issue is a really fun ride, but none of the good will I was set up in there carries over to the closing issues. and by the end of the book, you'll just want it to end. the best thing about this book is that in no way impacts on the Dark Knight Returns. Frank Miller didn't have any element of that book rat cond and because of it, it doesn't completely ruin your childhood in the same way that a George Lucas did. I suppose, in the same way that George Lucas never showed young Han Solo in the prequels, running around, playing football with it a little Chewbacca, Miller creates a book that has no consequence. so I suppose that's a good thing. of course, it's not called blame Miller for everything. I'm sure his drug dealer played a big part too. I'm joking. I'm joking illegal purposes. I must stress, I'm joking. but it's a book that every Batphone should read at least once to see how bad it is. so overall, as a collection, the Dark Knight strikes again gets a four out of ten. so what do you think in the book? there's a lot of people like Grant Morrison that defend it. the first time I read it, I thought, I thought it was all right. but on second time, no terrible comment below. let me know. make sure you subscribe my channel. I've been doing this series in a build-up to the Dark Knight 3, the master race. and that's the book I'm gonna be reviewing next. it's just come out, so make sure you don't miss my thoughts on it. thanks very much for checking out my videos. take care. poof. 