welcome to the man of recaps. this is fear the walking dead, season six, episode seven. this is the kind of mid-season finale. it should be episode eight, but i guess that one's not ready yet. and i hate to say this, because season six has been generally real good so far, but this episode was dumb and bad. the episode starts with victor strand. he's driving virginia's little sister, dakota, to a safe house. dakota's like, hey, strand, i know you're only pretending to be loyal to my sister virginia. i hate my sister for some reason. she treats me like a prisoner. i don't want that anymore. take me on out of here. but strands like, nah, girl, i'm playing the long game here. i'm rising as far up in the ranks as i can. now, the forward scout's not reporting, so strand goes to check it out with this other ranger who looks a lot like virginia, but isn't. some tree was chopped down, and when they get back to the convoy, oh, everyone's been killed and dakota is gone. so it's time to call in alicia, who's been assigned with charlie to some very distant outpost, strand calls her over to help find dakota. it looks like dakota made it out, took the car herself, but now crashed it and is gone. so alicia and charlie are on the case. they find a creepy hunting lodge. alicia sneaks in there, and someone's doing, oh, taxidermy experiments on the zombies. in fact, he comes and, oh, tranquilizes alicia. yeah, his creepy serial killer vibes. he straps her to the table. but alicia's real resourceful, uses the antlers, cut the duct tape, gets herself out of there, ready to strike. but coming through the door is actually dakota. this guy comes in. it's like, oh, no, wait. he's a friend. he saved me. he's like, yes, sorry. i trained you and strapped you to the table. i'm a nice, normal dude, trust me. so they have a nice, fun evening playing chess with dakota. he's like, oh, i used to play chess with my daughter. during this convo, dakota revealed that her sister, virginia, killed her parents, that's why she hates her sister so much. but i have a feeling virginia killed their parents for very legitimate zombie apocalypse reasons, and dakota was just too young to understand. alicia sneaks off and finds charlie, who snuck in after her. and it's like, oh, he's boarded up all the doors. we're trapped in here now. then alicia uses his radio to call virginia. she wants to make a deal. it's like, hey, i've got your sister, dakota. i'll bring her back to you. in exchange, me and charlie get to leave. you won't come after us for some reason. instead of escaping immediately, they think it's safe to stay the night in this creepy dude's house. and indeed, he blasts the music, attracting all the zombies that he's like grafted antlers onto. he monologues for what feels like an entire half hour here, telling the story of his dead family. long story short, they died, and he's crazy. now he's going to trap these girls here to protect them. he and alicia have a fight. in the end, she kicks him, and, oh, he falls back onto one of his antler chairs stabs himself. that's why you don't decorate your living room with super sharp furniture. somehow he survives, though, in fact, he seems totally fine. and like, they feel bad for him, because, i guess he's a nice guy. he's just gone crazy. he's like, sorry about all that before. now you guys get out of here. all like, hold the zombies off. so the zombies break in, and, oh, they're super freaky. got like, animal parts grafted onto them and stuff. almost certainly some writer had this idea and made this whole dumb episode about it. this guy sacrifices himself so the girls can get away. alicia and dakota just stare there watching it, while charlie's actually trying to get him out. charlie the mvp this episode. but it was all super pointless anyway, because someone's coming through the front door. oh, it's morgan, here to save the day. alicia's like, morgan, we thought you were dead. how did you survive? he's like, yeah, someone saved me at the end of last season, and we still don't know who. so there's a mystery. in any case, the berry can give a nice funeral to this guy who like, kidnapped them and tried to kill them. morgan's like, hey, i found a great spot for a settlement. i'm rounding up all of our crew. we're gonna go there and live happily ever after. alicia's original plan was to hand dakota over to virginia, so she'd let her and charlie escape, go back to the stadium from season four, try to start over there. but now morgan has a better idea. he wants to give dakota back to her sister in exchange for letting all of their people go. in fact, it turns out it was morgan who ambushed dakota's convoy to kidnap her in the first place. but now alicia's bonded with dakota. it's like she doesn't want to go back to her sister. i'm not gonna make her. we're gonna run off together. it looks like they're gonna fight about it, but morgan's like, no, okay, fine. dakota can come with us. then outside, they meet up with strand, who finally finds out that morgan's alive. they're like, hey man. we decided we're not giving dakota back. we're taking her and running away. are you with us or against us. it looks like they're gonna fight, but victor's like, no, okay, do what you want. i think it's the wrong call, but hey. so strand goes to give virginia the bad news that morgan and alicia have her sister. she's like, what about you, strand? are you with them or with me? and he's like, come with you, girl, though he's almost certainly lying. but it's time to prove his loyalty. virginia wants an all-out assault to get her sister and morgan's crew back. she takes strands to a super secret back alley where there's a super secret door, and inside is grace, morgan's pregnant girlfriend. of course, it's not his baby. it's like, yeah, we're gonna use her as leverage. and strands like, yeah, virginia, i'm with you. how will this big confrontation go? find out in episode 8, the real mid-season finale, which probably won't air until spring of next year. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 