welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this episode were going to be going over the newly released Netflix film, in the shadow of the moon. the movie has a pretty mind-bending plot to it that's full of timey wimey wibbly-wobbly stuff. so if the clothes of the film left you scratching your head, then don't worry, because we're going to be breaking down everything that you need to know about it. throughout this video, I'll be going over how the time travel in the film works, as well as how the effects of it leave our characters in the final few scenes. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch it yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off. now, with that out the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of in the shadow of the Moon. okay, so in the shadow of the Moon opens on a devastating attack on an American city in the year 2024. we learn through the events of the film that an extremist committed these bombings due to hate and external influences that shape the attacker into having a certain mind state. the real America movement, which is what the terrorist is behind, is a clear comment on the current extreme acts of violence that we see going on throughout the Western world against other races and people of certain faiths. whilst I would normally ding a Netflix movie for trying to be to work for its own good, I think in the shadow of the Moon has a rather more hopeful ending, and doesn't necessarily put the blame on one thing, but rather a multitude of them, making it seem less heavy-handed in its overall message. it says that both sides are to blame, and the constant bickering between the two leads to a civil war. anyway, in order to fully understand the film, you need to come to grips with the fact that the time-traveling character in the movie, named Raya, is going back through time, starting at 2015, then 2006, 1997 and lastly 1988, eliminating people who may have influenced the attacker throughout their life. this includes a multitude of people such as teachers, musicians, bus drivers, parents, friends and so on. the theory behind this is that if Riya is able to remove all of the forces that basically shake the terrorists into the way that they turned out the attack that opens the movie will have happened. it's a really brilliant concept, and in the shadow of the Moon pulls it off really well by letting you experience things from the perspective of Thomas Lockhart, played by Boyd Holbrook, who we first meet in 1988. Lockhart is investigating the attacks carried out by Riya, and he seemingly kills her, thus ending the spring. there's something strange about her, though, and she seems to know intimate details about the character and events that haven't happened yet, such as his daughter being born and his wife and partners death. flash-forward 9 years later, and Riya appears once more, carrying out another number of murders. she's initially thought to be a copycat, but Lockhart quickly discovers that this is indeed the person that he met in 1988. and by the time we roll around to 2006, which is when a younger version of Riya appears, Lockhart is completely obsessed with her. this comes at the expense of his relationship with his daughter. and for Lockhart, stopping Riya also means going back and erasing the timeline that he's currently stuck in, which has made the relationship with his child completely frayed. now one of the biggest takeaways from the film, at least in my opinion, is that Lockhart never actually needed to stop Riya in order to have a relationship with his daughter. he just became so obsessed with her that he was unable to see anything outside of it. and thus he suffers for a number of decades before coming to the right conclusion by the end of the film. anyway, after tracking ride to where her time machine appears and dissapears, Lockhart is able to know the exact location that Riya will be in in the future. as Riya is only capable of traveling between spaces of nine years, he is able to wait almost a decade for her to emerge. and he confronts a younger version of her just before her mission starts. now this is where the big reveal of the film comes and we discovered that Riya is actually Lockhart granddaughter, and that he was the person have pretty much shaped her to become a time traveller in the future. when she was growing up, he was aware of what would happen to her, but knew that if she went back, she would be successful in her mission of terminating, excuse the pun, all of the targets. and thus he pretty much multa into doing it, similar to those who shaved the terrorists. Lockhart has shaped humanity's Savior. and thus he allows riot to continue on a mission, knowing full well that he will murder a version of her in 1988 on her final mission. now the biggest question I've seen floating around about the end of the film is, did Riya complete her mission? the answer is yes, but I can understand why there's some confusion. now, as we see the office block explosion from the beginning of the film that we know led to 11,000 deaths, slowly reversing and the flag disappearing, it's a safe bet to assume that riot did indeed complete her goals. thus the bombings never happened, and an alternate timeline is created, leaving this version of Riya, as she refers to herself as an echo, disaster averted. everyone can go on to live a happy life, including Lockhart, who was now fully aware that, due to his obsession, he has shattered the relationship with his daughter, and that he has to be there for her and her child. this allows him to raise Riya the way that he should have been in the original timeline and almost make amends for his failings as a father. going forward, there will be no need for the version of Riya to sacrifice herself. and now Lockhart, his daughter and his granddaughter can go on to forge a relationship together. it makes for an awesome ending. and the film as a whole is great. I thoroughly enjoyed this from start to finish. and while some plot beats are predictable if you've ever seen a time travel film before, the movie is great at setting rules, sticking to them, whilst also telling the rise and fall of a man that has let his obsession get the best of him. overall, it makes for a great film. and though it doesn't completely knock it out of the park, there are still a lot of things that make this engaging. it doesn't do the usual Netflix move of completely battering you over the head with the message behind it, which I massively appreciate, as often these kind of films can get bogged down completely with political subtext, whereas this seems to avoid if well enough to make the storyline enjoyable. actually, thing in the shadow of the Moon is the one to watch this weekend. and it's a great little watch if you've got some time to kill, because because the movies about people traveling through time and killed. nevermind. anyway, overall, it gets an 8 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on in the shadow of the moon, and if you enjoyed it, and make sure you let me know in the comment section below. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it. and make sure you check out my breakdown of the news that spider-man is officially back in the MCU, which will be linked at the end. I go over everything about the new deal between the two companies, as well as how the two universes may tie together. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to come chat to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then make sure you follow me on twitter, at definition YT. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. also, just wanna let you know that we're currently giving away a free copy of spider-man far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on in the shadow of the Moon in the comments section below. the winner will be chosen at random on October the 15th, and the Bureau be shipped out from then to forget surprise. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace you. [Music]. 