hello everyone. welcome to don't just take this stupid thing off. i've just been out saving people as iron man. uh, welcome to the kevin spoiler show. i'm your host. kevin spoilers. i've been working all day, from about half six in the morning till till half five now, uh, in england. and i was just about to sit down and have my tea, but then they announced this story that chris evans is returning to the mcu as captain america. so naturally, just threw the plate across the room like it was captain america, shield ran upstairs, told the wife, i said, forget it. youtube's more important to me than our relationship and sat down, and we're gonna go through this story here, and i'm gonna give my thoughts on it. now, there's been a lot of rumors floating about in the ether that robert downey jr is returning to the mcu in some form or another. not sure how legitimate they are, but, you know, chris evans, with him being in talks to come back, it sort of adds a lot of weight to that. disney at the moment are clearly like, you know, we need to get something in place just so old fans don't leave. and it looks like they're starting to talk people back around now, according to the report, which i'm gonna read for you very, very lazy content. look, i've been working all day. yeah. in a move that is sure to rock the marvel cinematic universe, sources tell deadline that chris evans is cleaning the dust off his captain america attire, as he's expected to reprise the role in the mcu in some form. according to report, it's very vague, as the deal's not closed, but insiders say that he's headed in a direction, that he's going to return for at least one marvel property and the doors open for a second film. so, yeah, lots lots of things going on there. um, they, they say here mention it could be something similar to how robert downey jr. did, uh, spider-man homecoming. marvel had no comment, which means we can't confirm at the moment. and, you know, evans in general has kind of been like, well, if the doors open, if they want me back, i'm coming back up captain america. now, this, of course, opens, you know, up there. there's so many stories that you can tell we. we obviously had the disney invest today, uh, last month. seems like a year ago, which it actually was, uh. and kevin feige. and that went through things like secret invasion, which could open the door to secret wars. um or it might be in secret wars, which could open the door to secret invasion. but either way, he could fit into that. now, personally, by the sounds of it, with it being a sort of robert downey jr and spider-man homecoming, i'm guessing that that means he might appear on falcon in the winter soldier in some form down the line. like, obviously, the the first season has been filmed. i kind of feel like he's going to make a cameo in that as i think it would just be very weird for falcon at the end of the movie to be like, well, thanks for the shield. i'm off. i'll see you later. so maybe he'll appear as a sort of mental role, similar to what robert downey jr did in spider-man 3. spider-man homecoming. sorry. but the door is definitely open there for him to do a lot of different things with the character. now, the one more film, i'm actually you know, i'm a bit interested about this because i i think there's such a big time period from the the last scene of end game up to when he's an old man. and by that, i mean, you know, we know he travels back in time and returns all the stuff, the infinity stones, to their rightful place. there was obviously, along the way some confrontation with red skull that we never got to see. and personally, i would absolutely love to see that on the big screen. i'm not too interested in the whole captain america, joe biden thing. i know he impeached trump and beat him in the election, but the old guy, there's only so much that you can really do with him, uh, you know, maybe give give falcon, uh, where there's original say, can i have my shield back? just kidding, got your nose. and beyond that, there's not really much that he can do with that. so personally, i think that they should kind of go back a bit show us that journey, which is very, very interesting. and of course, you can have red skull is the villain in that no one really knows what happens to him once the soul stone gets taken. and it could be possible that he's set free as this one task that he's been assigned to has been completed. and i would absolutely love to see evans in red skull, going head-to-head in something like that. now, we're kind of theorizing here, but we'll read the report first before we do any more of that. um. so evans has become more game to the idea with more, apparently, him and marvel, or rather his agents, coming to an agreement at the start this year. how he may return is still unclear and being worked out, but the options are unlimited. over the years, even after a character's film franchise has come to an end, marvel has found a way to insert them into every single mcu property. no, robert downey jr. we need you back. i don't care if you're dead. um, so, yeah, they're just kind of saying they don't know whether he's gonna be in a disney plus show, or if it'll be a film. whatever the path may be, though, fans are sure to be invigorated knowing that they could be seeing the return of a character that they assumed wouldn't be back anytime soon. now, personally, i actually really like the ending that captain america got, having him dance with peggy um, and then sort of looking back on his life, remembering the good old days, and kind of keeping that thing to himself, when when falcon was like, kev did, why didn't? are you going to stop 9 11 in the past? and he's like, nope, don't think i will. and i really, really thought that was a great way to take the character. the thumbs down, buttons right there. and for that joke, by the way, i'm very sorry. but yeah, it was kind of a nice closing of the chapter. and if they do bring him back, i want it to really be something special. now, obviously, there's going to be so many things that we can take from this. the deal isn't confirmed. no matter what anyone says, deadline, are simply just saying this is still open at the moment. but it is looking like things are going to be going ahead. now, chris evans, obviously, this is one of the biggest jobs he's ever probably it is the biggest job he's ever had, let's be honest. it's avengers end game was the the highest grossing movie of all time. and to turn that down, you know, i personally would be like, yeah, i'm gonna be in it too. just put me in anything. so the doors are open um. by the sounds of it, he's going to be a sort of mental figure, which i think would make it sort of makes sense that he's tied in with falcon in the winter soldier. but again, they could show that journey where he disappeared into the past. now this is the time that i want to hear from you guys, so obviously leave your comments below. apologies for the the very short and kind of crushed together video. i know that this isn't usually the quality that you're used to getting, but it's been a long day, and i'm, i'm preparing for one division tomorrow, which i hope you're as excited for as i am. now, leave your comments below. i'd love to hear them. and if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of all the news on spider-man 3, which is going to be linked on screen in a second. thanks for bearing with me through this report. and yeah, hype, hype, hype. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 