welcome to the man of recaps. this is His Dark Materials. the season 1 finale, episode 8, Sol IRAs made it to her father's science cabin in the Arctic. she's really excited to connect with a cool, heretic Explorer dad, but he's like really cold and distant to her. call yourself a father, I think that's really the point. I've never called myself a father. Lyra takes a sad bath, and her friend Roger comes to comfort her. it's really cute that he's walking backwards, you know, to not see you naked and his demons doing it too. Rogers just a really, really nice, good kid. now, Lord boreal goes back to the Magisterium Sally, Thea ha meter reader. he asked him a few episodes ago what professor groomin found in his travels between worlds. and the answer gives him is a knife in a tower surrounded by angels. boreal finds his one dead henchman that wills cat killed last episode. he really Birds his other henchman. and they don't fully explain who these guys even are, how he hired them. he's he paying the money, or like, promises of wealth in another world. and meanwhile, will spends the episode hanging around, hiding from the police, cuz, yeah, I guess he just technically killed a guy. Lord Asriel wakes up Lyra in the middle of the night. now we do get some true explanation about dust and what he's up to. and as it sort of been hinted, the Magisterium thinks that dust is a physical manifestation of sin. they believe it goes back to Adam and Eve stuff, you know, eating the Apple at the original sin. but as reals, like, you know, that kind of sounds like a load of BS. he wants to find out what dust truly is and where it comes from. turns out it's coming through the aurora borealis from other worlds. his plan is to open a portal and go find out for himself. but to do that, he needs to sacrifice poor Roger. yeah. cutting a kid from his demon releases a huge burst of energy that he needs sell. IRA jumps on your ex back and races off to rescue her friend. but just then it's the Magisterium coming out in full force with their fleet of airships and Shock Troopers. York rounds up his bears, and they have a big airship Bear battle. how can the Bears fight airships? Yusei. turns out they have artillery cannons. okay. Lyra makes it to the top, just too late. her father, Lord Asriel, who seems like a good guy, is actually going through with it. oh, he severs Roger and, boom, Oh, bolt of light. look at that. after a bit, it calms down and sort of settles into this gateway. and who finds him just then? mrs. Coulter, his old flame. he's like, hey, come with me. I'm gonna take down the Magisterium. and he starts talking like, not just the Magisterium, but he wants to take out the authority himself. help me create a new Republic of heaven. oh, wow, Azrael, that's a bold idea. these two share a top of the world, passionate kiss. but in the end, she's like, no, no. I've made my decision. I'm gonna stay here and work with the Magisterium, cuz that's the best way to protect our daughter. and so Lord Asriel steps off through the portal to a new world. by refines poor roger, and seems like the severing fully killed him. it's super sad. and now she has to find out what dust is, what's in these other worlds, what's going on? so Lyra steps through the portal alright to cutting it back and forth with will. over in our world, he was just kind of randomly walking around. followed a cat back behind the wall to the portal that more boreal always uses. he's kind of like, what the heck is this interdimensional rip in space-time? I guess I'll just walk through it. so Lyra and we'll both traveling to new worlds. and that's how season 1 comes to an end. if you like my recaps, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out. [Music]. 