Welcome back to scary recap, and today, we will be explaining the horror movie Babadook. Before diving in, let us know to warn you about the potential spoilers we will stumble upon. 1:00 to 10:00: Amelia, a single mother, living with her 6-year-old child Samuel is going through an incredibly tough time. She wakes up again with a weird dream of her floating in the air. Samuel wakes her up by telling her that he had a strange dream as well. These recurring strange dreams for Samuel had something related to monsters, and because of that, he always made his mom check his closets and bottom of the bed for reassurance. To put him back to sleep, Amelia would read her son bedtime stories. Amelia, who has a hard time falling asleep on her own, read the stories for herself to shut her eyes as well. Later in the morning, Amelia wakes up to a loud sound: her six-year-old creating some dangerous weapons. Amelia is furious about Samuel making types of equipment that could be a potential threat to others. However, Samuel shouts that these weapons were made to protect himself and his mom from the monster that appears in his dreams. Since Samuel is just a young kid, he deliberately believes in a monster living in the house. Amelia drives Samuel to his school and heads to her workplace, where she is employed as a nurse in a nursing home. Later on, Amelia receives a phone call from her son's school. When went to visit the principal, Amelia is fed with the news that Samuel was playing with a very threatening tool and could have hurt someone. While the principal complained that Samuel had been in his office way too many times and that he needs serious medical treatment and that Sam has severe behavioral problems, Amelia insists that all Samuel needs is serious talk. However, this turned into a big fight, and Amelia told her son was better off without this school. Amelia thought of dropping by the park to see her sister Claire and her daughter, Ruby, on their way back home. They stopped by a department store to buy some stuff, and that's when Samuel breaks the news to a stranger that his dad died while driving Amelia, who was pregnant, to the hospital. Later at the park, Claire suggested how her daughter ruby didn't want to have a joint birthday party with Samuel since ruby disliked Samuel. Samuel somehow managed to climb to the top of a swing during this talk and scared the adults. The ride back home wasn't pleasant as Samuel kept screaming. Mrs. Roach, the old neighbor of Amelia, noticed that something was wrong. 10:00 to 21:00, as usual, Samuel pressurizes his mother to read him a storybook. This time, Amelia let Samuel choose the book. Samuel pulls out this red book and gives it to his mom. The storybook gave off a bad vibe and was too scary for a toddler to see its images, so Amelia suggested Sam take another book. However, Sam argued back that he wanted his mom to read the story of the babadook. In the book, babadook is represented wearing a long black hat and long black coat. His eyes were round and terrifying, and he had long, creepy black claws type of nails. The story had sentences written like "when he visits you, you won't sleep a wink and once you see what's underneath, you are going to wish you were dead." Amelia started getting this terrible anxiety attack reading the story of the babadook in her head. In contrast, Samuel got curious and kept on asking his mom whether the babadook would come for him. After a while, when Samuel would be busy crying cus of being scared, Amelia tries to calm him down by reading another storybook. Later that night, Amelia had severe trouble sleeping as she was curious about the story of the babadook. She went and picked up the book only to finish reading it thoroughly. "You cannot get rid of the babadook," it said. Insomniac Amelia then went down to watch TV to feel sleepy. It was while watching TV when her sexual drive got triggered. So she went upstairs to give herself some alone time to pleasure herself. Meanwhile, Samuel saw someone standing inside his cupboard. He rushed to his mom and yelled at her that the babadook was in his room. Amelia made him sleep next to her. After some time, when Amelia was reading, she heard three light thumps on the door. She ignored it, but after hearing three more loud thumps, she got scared and tried to sleep. The next day Amelia asks aunt Clair if she could look after Samuel while she was away for work. Still, Samuel messes up the day by telling Ruby about the babadook. Ruby gets beyond terrified, and aunt Claire complains to Amelia about Samuels monster talk. 21:00 to 36:00 While making supper, Amelia notices that Samuel was conducting a magic show in a room that no one was supposed to enter. It was the room where Samuels dad, Oskar, kept his things. After sending Samuel to his room, Amelia checks what Samuel had done inside Oskar's room. There she saw many stuffed animals, and beside it, there sat a picture of Amelia and Oskar. Even though Oskar's death happened years ago, Amelia still can't find a way to move on from her husband's death. During dinner, Amelia finds pieces of glass in her soup, but there was nothing when she checked Samuels bowl. Amelia suspected that her son did this, but Samuel kept arguing that the babadook did it. Amelia was getting more and more worried. After going back to her room, Amelia saw that the picture of her and Oskar had been scribbled over. She immediately stumbles into Samuels's room, suspecting him, but Samuel seems to be unaware of this. However, he is always ready and prepared to pull out his DIY weapon to attack the monster. That night Samuel sees the babadook again and screams, and that's when Amelia rushes to Samuels room to see Sam hiding underneath his bed, frightened to bits. Samuel uttered the words "don\'t let it in" quite a few times, and that's when Amelia notices the babadook book on the table. Amelia has had enough. So she tears the pages of the babadook book and throws it inside her trash can. Amelia continues to hear weird noises but ignores them. The next day, Samuel and his mom go to Ruby's bday party, but it doesn't go very well since Amelia gets offended by one of Claire's friends, and worse than that, Samuel pushes Ruby from the top of a treehouse. This incident gave Claire more reasons to hate Samuel and her sister. On the way home, Samuel gets one of those disruptive episodes where he sees the babadook coming for him. Due to a febrile convulsion, Samuel is being taken to the hospital. Amelia explains to the doctor about her and Samuel not getting enough sleep. The doctor gives her pills to sleep soundly at night. 37:00 to 52:00 After taking the pill, both Amelia and Samuel had a pleasant sleep after a long time. After waking up, Amelia hears the knocks on her door and sees the thrown-away babadook book right in front of her doorstep. After going through it, she realizes that someone had taped the torn pages and even added a new plot to them. In the book, Amelia sees herself killing her dog and son; eventually, she would take her own life as well. And that would be the end of the story. Being Terrified to the core, Amelia burns the book. She asks Claire for help and hints that someone might have been stalking Amelia and her son. But Claire ignores her sister. Suddenly Amelia receives another phone call which spurs out weird creepy noises from someone. Amelia ran off to the police station to get some help, but the officers could not help her because she burnt off the only evidence, the book. Amelia starts being delusional. She saw a hole filled with cockroaches when in reality, it was just a wall. While washing the dishes that night, Amelia sees the babadook standing near Mrs. Roach, who was watching tv. Thinking it was just her delusions acting up again, Amelia ignored it. However, things got really out of hand when she saw the babadook hovering up onto her from the ceiling and seeking an entrance inside her body through the mouth. Amelia was scared to death, so she, Sam, and their dog decided to rest downstairs. Even while watching tv, Amelia saw the babadook numerous times. 53:00 to 1:30:00 While Amelia was sleeping, Sam came to ask for breakfast, but since she was too exhausted to the point that she couldn't even respond, Amelia ignored him. Sam's stubbornness didn't help much, and Amelia roared back at Sam, perhaps in a very unnecessarily rude way. To cheer Sam up, Amelia drove him to have some goodies, but on the ride back home, Amelia again had a delusional episode, which caused her to crash into another car. A\xe1\xb9\xad this point, the viewers would understand the toll babadook took on amelia's body. She reacted to everything so rudely and in very aggressive tones that even Sam was frightened most of the time. That night especially, Amelia had yet another delusional episode of seeing her son lying dead on the sofa. When Sam woke her up, Amelia was surprised to see her holding a knife to kill Sam. After a while, she goes so deep into her delusions that she sees her dead husband standing right in front of him. Though, the bliss of hugging her precious one didn't even last that long since the babadook captured Oskar. The babadook starts chasing Amelia, and no matter how hard she tries to escape from its clutches, she fails. Finally, when amelia was dying out of exhaustion, babadook took the opportunity and completely consumed her soul. Amelia, who now had her body controlled by the babadook, attempted to kill their dog Bugsy. Bugsy, unfortunately, died at the hands of amelia. Her next target was her son Samuel, who somehow managed to put some traps and capture amelia. After tying her down, Sam witnesses his mom going through some horrific stages as if she was possessed. He caresses her face gently when she attempts to choke Sam, leading her to puke an inky black material that removed the babadook from her body. When Sam recalls to Amelia that "you can\'t get rid of the Babadook," an invisible force takes him into the bedroom. After Sam has been saved, Amelia has been forced to re-visit her husband's death by the Babadook. Furiously, she faces the Babadook, retreating into the basement, and locks the door behind her. Amelia and Sam manage to recover after this awful experience. Amelia is careful with him, encourages him to use the weapons he creates and is impressed by the magical tricks of Sam. In a bowl, they collect earthworms, and Amelia carries them into the basement of the Babadook. She puts the bowl on the ground for Babadook to eat. When the beast attempts to harm her, Amelia soothes it down and it takes the earthworms with her into the corner. Amelia comes back to the yard to celebrate the birthday of Sam. So that was all for today; what did you think of this movie? Let us know in the comments section your thoughts on the babadook. Don't forget to like, subscribe and click the notification bell to be updated on more of your videos. Stay tuned, and we will see you soon. 