welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we break down movies, new game releases, TV shows and comic books. with Star Wars, the rise of Skywalker right around the corner, and the Phantom Menace at fever pitch, I thought it was time to look at the sequel trilogy that we could have gotten at Disney, not bought Lucasfilm and steered the saga in their own direction. throughout this video, we'll be discussing the original ideas for the sequel trilogy and what happened to the characters in it. there will be heavy spoilers here. in whilst these movies will probably never see the light of day, we will be discussing aspects of the Disney trilogy. so if you aren't fully caught up, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of George Lucas's original Star Wars sequel trilogy. okay, so let's cast our minds all the way back to 2012 and the sixth official Star Wars Celebration. the force was strong. the cosplayers were capturing the vibe of a galaxy far, far away. and series creator George Lucas was making a surprise appearance - apparently promote the Clone Wars TV show. however, behind the scenes, Lucas was also in attendance to talk to Mark Hamill and Carrie Fisher about working together on a brand new Star Wars trilogy that would pick up after the events of Return of the Jedi. after coming up with some ideas for the series, Lucas had hand-picked oscar-winning screenwriter Michael Arndt to work alongside Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi writer Lawrence Kasdan to start working on a script for Episode seven. and he decided that now was the time to move ahead with the franchise. Fisher and Hamill both agreed to return, and even Harrison Ford, who had up until this point been pretty unenthusiastic about the entire series, was contacted to make a comeback. sounds great, right? well, there was also something going on behind the scenes that Lucas wasn't being too transparent about, and that was the fact that he was trying to sell his company. he knew that the idea of an episode 7 would make the company worth way more. and later in the air, the Disney / lucasfilm takeover entered its final stages of acquisition. we all know how that turned out. but Lucas let a few of the Disney execs see treatments for the new trilogy, showing that he had fully fleshed out ideas that they could easily take and spin off into a new direction. when going back and looking at them, it's clear that Disney did pick up some of these ideas. and there's actually quite a lot that we know about the original plans, and they're a really interesting read. the trilogy was to center around Sam and Kyra, two teenagers that were going to be the grandchildren of Anakin Skywalker. we have concept art of the two, and it's clear that they are the children of Han and Leia, with both bearing a strong resemblance to the couple, though this has never been officially stated. just just yet. search your feelings. you know it to be true. Sam is handy with a gun, whereas a lot of the art of Kyra that we have shows her practicing her Jedi training and gaining strength in the force. the three trilogies all together, were going to be about the father, the child and the grandchildren of the same family. and Lucas and Kathleen Kennedy were ecstatic about centering a franchise around a female Jedi. so yeah, no matter what, we were going to get Mary Sue, I mean, ray, just in a slightly different form and connected more with the original trilogy. it's also said that Sam did go on to become the inspiration for Finn. so like the force awakens, we work on to have a male and female protagonist. Kyra, similar to Rey, was going to be a scavenger, labeled as the ultimate outsider, whereas Sam would be a pirate and marine expert that too helped to discover the mysteries of the past. initially it was thought that for the first film there would be children, but Lucas decided to age them up slightly so that this wasn't a case one more of the Phantom Menace, even though I'm pretty sure the reason that that movie sucked was because of George or Binks and not a kid podracing. but hey, that's just me. when writing the screenplay, Arendt said that he constantly ran into the problem of Luke Skywalker and that when he showed up in the movie, no matter what, he took over the entire piece. this is exemplified in a statement that aren't made when discussing the previous revisions of the older treatment. he said, early on, I tried to write versions of the story where, in brackets, Rey is at home, her home is destroyed, and then she goes on the road and meets Luke, and then she goes and kicks the bad guys ass. it just never worked. and I struggled with this. this was back in 2012, and it just felt like every time Luke came in and entered the movie, he just took over it. suddenly you didn't care about your main character anymore, because, Oh, F at Luke Skywalker's here. I want to see what he's going to do. this clearly carried over to the force awakens as Luke is in it for basically a minute. and even then, his presence bears a strong shadow over the entire film, with his location being one of the main MacGuffins. similar to the Episode seven that we eventually got, the creative team decided that it was best to have Luke hiding out in a remote Jedi Temple. and we have some George Lucas approved concept out of this that beautifully shows what the location would have looked like. in the book, the art of the last Jedi, Phil stole stack reveals that Luke's appearance in the Disney trilogy drew heavily from the 2012 treatment. and from statements and interviews, we know that this self-imposed exile was due to the betrayal of a former student, Colonel Kurtz in Apocalypse Now, was listed as a big inspiration for the portrayal of Luke. and similar to the last Jedi, his x-wing was submerged underwater. the film was supposed to have two driving forces as initially it would center around the hunt for Darth Vader's remains, which would eventually lead the main characters to the location of Luke. this involves searching the underwater wreckage of the Death Star, which would uncover information on the sacred Jedi sites in the galaxy that would eventually lead them to the temple. the protagonists would venture to the Death Star underwater in the Millennium Falcon and from here, Kira would swim herself in order to find the location of the artifacts. and this journey is massively developed in the concept art, with there being the throne room and trenches. in the throne room, Kira finds a map that says where the Jedi are hiding. and this would lead her to Luke. as for han and Leia, very little is known about their roles in the film. however, Harrison Ford did lay at lgq that during his first call with George about the project, that the character would die during the movie. Ford said, it was proposed that I might make another appearance as han Solo. I think it was mentioned even in the first call, that he would not survive. that's something I'd been arguing for some period of time. so I said, okay. similar to the force awakens, han and Leia had drifted apart over time, and the story was very much about the two coming together. with on stating that he was fighting for Han to survive the film. he fought for this as it would have given the couple a happy ending. but it seems like the production was torn on this, and as we know, in the end, we got the death of the character. now, the villain of the trilogy was originally going to be a character similar to Darth Talon from the legacy comic series that was behind seduction and turning of Luke's pupil. Lucas loved the character, and there was even going to be a hidden appearance of her in the cancelled Darth Maul game. the character was meant to right the wrongs of Maul, and would basically be similar in nature, but with far more character development, to the original film. Ian McCrae, who worked on the concept art for the character, said the following when discussing them, the tattoos are a lot similar. they follow a rhythm and they flow, and that's the evil thing, puppeteering her from behind. George Lucas later said, it's like poetry, you know, they rhyme. leann rimes, yeah, you may not have said that. there are a number of storyboards in which the character appeared in including the one where she seduced Luke's pupil, and also another where she's standing on the left hand side of a bar. at this point, she actually appears exactly like da Talon. so there may have been thoughts of adopting that character fully into the role, though we don't have confirmation on this. she saw up operated in the underworld, and though she didn't have a master. she was strong in the dark side, using her beauty and sexuality as a weapon. r2d2 and c3po were going to be split up for the film's. and Lucas also wanted a focus on the microbiotic world of the universe, with a strong focus on the Wills, which I'm really, really glad we didn't get. the door was so bad. now, the Wills are basically the things that control the universe, and these bacterial sized creatures feed off the force. the movies were going to be heavily centered around midi-chlorians and what creates the force. honestly, I'm glad that this wasn't carried through, as I've always been of the thought that the force shouldn't be explained, and we don't really need to know why it controls the universe. it just kind of is. Lucas wanted the films to be much more ethereal, and for the main characters to be basically just vehicles at the worlds travel around in. they will the universe. get it, because it's really clever. and Lucas said that he saw her as the characters were just caused and the Wills were the drivers, with the midi-chlorians being what connects the two. Lucas said that he laid the groundwork for this in the Phantom Menace, and that he regrets not being able to build on it any further. he does admit that he knows that fans would have hated it, but that at least he would have gotten to tell a complete story that was initially set up in Episode one. according to Mark Hamill, Leia was going to be trained by Luke before the Jedi Master was finally killed in Episode nine. Luke was the last Jedi and he had decided to reform the group. and during this he had made his own academy full of Padawans. Luke was going to be killed by a people known as the Jedi killer that turn on him. and the finale would involve the villain working with the Doc Talon character, before both were taken down by Kira and Leia. now this point is all still very underdeveloped, but it is reportedly where the trilogy was going to be heading. there were also rumors that Kathleen Kennedy did want to bring Emperor Palpatine back in the original plans. and as we know from the rise of Skywalker, the character will be back for the final film. overall, it's very interesting hearing what we could have got, but honestly, it doesn't sound all that different from the final things that we got to see play out. I think that Disney sort of hand-picked their favorite elements from this treatment and then moved it over to their trilogy, taking it in the direction that they wanted. well, there are a lot of criticisms around the new trilogy, most notably the last Jedi. I do think that what we ended up getting was better than what we would have got with Lucas. the entire Wills element, for me, just ruins the choices that the characters made. and it sort of takes away a lot of the big twists in the franchise, such as Darth Vader's turn and Luke's struggle with fighting his father, reducing it to just, yeah, they were mind-controlled by bacteria. I can see a lot more fan outrage over this. but some of the iconography in the concept art is awesome. and I love the underwater exploration of the Death Star, especially the Millennium Falcon. if you're asking why the Falcon was in the water, and trust me, I asked that as well. they said it was because it was airtight for space. so, yeah, it could be airtight for underwater too. like, never mind. that's that's a pointless detail in a movie that's never going to be made. in the end, it's awesome seeing what we could have got though, but if I had to choose between the two, I probably would go for the Disney version, even though they keep copyright striking all my videos at the moment. I see you, Mickey, and yes, I will still be a Disney shell. leave your thoughts below on the original sequel trilogy ideas, and let me know whether you would have liked to have seen this version or not. if you enjoyed this video, then give it a thumbs up. all the kid gets it. and I just want to give a huge thank you to everyone who voted yesterday to get this video made. if you want to watch more Star Wars stuff, that make sure you check out our full breakdown of the Mandalorian episode 3 at the end. and if you want to come chat to me after the video that, make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey well head over to my discord server, which would be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early. so if you want to see stuff before anyone else and that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the marble phase 3, part 2, boxer blu-ray, which contains Black Panther, infinity war, endgame, Captain Marvel and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the original sequel trilogy in the comment section below. when it's gonna be chosen on the 15th of December and the Cell be shipped out from the intro. ever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 