in a very wealthy family, where their wealth will not run out, even though they go through hundreds of descendants, all of that they can get by doing pesugihan, or, in other words, allying with the devil and performing ritual sacrifices of human bodies. the story begins with young Alex ledoms and his brother Daniel, which saw the murder of a man named Charles, who had just married his aunt Helen. 30 years later, Alex, who had been separated from his family for years, returned to the Ledoms family estate to marry a young woman named Grace. when Alex hesitated to return to dress convincingly and wanted to be a part of the family. After the wedding ceremony, Grace and Alex were going to rest and spend time together, but suddenly, Aunt Helm came into the room and told her that after waiting for Gray in the living room to carry out family traditions, Alex also told Grace about his family traditions. and went with her to the living room. the family members who participated in the tradition with Grace included Alex, Daniel, their father Tony, Their mother Becky, Daniel's proud wife, charity, Alex's sister, who was a drug addict, Emily, Emily's crybaby husband, Fit Bradley, and Aunt Helen. Toni explained to Grace that To become a member of the Ledoms family, Grace must participate in a session where Grace is required to take a card from a mysterious wooden box and play a game written on the card with other family members. Tony also tells that his great-grandfather, Victor ledoms, made a pact with a man named Lebayle, where Lebayle will help. make Victor rich if the ledoms establish a British tradition of taking a card from the mysterious wooden box that reads petakumpet. believing that the game is harmless, Grace goes into hiding great food. when the ledoms are armed, i myself with an antique gun to hunt down Grace. Alex doesn't go with his family because he is still confused about how to save his wife. Alex tries to find Grace before his family finds Grace. then Alex and Grace see Emily, who accidentally shoots one of the family servants with a gun to death. Alex explains that petakumpet is the only game of the mysterious wooden box that led the ledoms to kill Grace. the ledoms believe that if they fail to kill Gray before dawn, they will all die, as agreed by Victor ledoms and lebayle decades earlier, Grace is confused and angry with her. Alex for not telling him about the ritual, for fear that Grace will leave him against the wishes of his family. Alex promises to Grace that Alex will help Grace escape from the Ledoms family estate to the security room of Grace's Euro house to find her. goes to the kitchen exit. while Grace is looking for a way out, she meets a paid dancer. Her father -in-law is accidentally killed when Grace activates the mechanical elevator system to silence her. Daniel also hates his family nature, and finds Grace in Grace's study, asking Daniel for help. but Daniel regrets that. Daniel has no choice and only gives Grace 10 seconds to escape before danial warns the other family members. Alex turns off the house security cameras and unlocks the door of the house. but Alex is found by his family, and they arrest Alex for betrayal. Grace, who had torn the leaves to arm herself, managed to escape leave the house after burning the butler of the stephens family with boiling water. the members of the ledoms regroup and mourn their difficulty in capturing Grace, but they reaffirm the importance of finding Grace before the sun goes down. During this time, Emil accidentally shot a third servant to death. Stephens told his family that Grace had left the house, but he promised to catch Grace. England took refuge in the barn on the family's farm, But after being shot by Emily's son, Georgia dress fell into the goat hole where the Ledoms were hiding remnants of previous victims. grease was finally able to climb out, but his hand was stuck in a nail. british was seriously injured while escaping through the fence when he tried to call for help passing motorists on the road. stephens pushed, but Grace managed to immobilize him. while stephens got out to hold Grace, Grace tried to escape by car he contacted the vehicle assistance company, but the car was reported stolen, and they shut off the car remotely, allowing stephens to catch Grace. when stephens drove Grace back to the park. The Ledoms Grace's garden, wakes up and strangles Stephens from and causes Stephens to crash into the car, until the car overturns and kills her. but Daniel's dress is found by Daniel, and finds out that Tony is secretly watching him. He hits Grace and recaptures her. the ledoms take turns drinking fresh blood as part of the ritual. they all start vomiting, except for Daniel, who accidentally poisoned the blood earlier. while Alex escapes from his captivity, Daniel frees Grace and they attempt to leave the house before Daniel is finally shot and killed by a British charity. setting a fire on his way out, he continues to chase her. Grace fights Becky and manages to beat her to death with a game box. Alex arrives and realizes that even though he let Grace live, Grace doesn't want to be with him. so Alex catches the dress back into the house. the ledo Mas family tries to sacrifice Grace again and finds out that he can't kill his wife. Alex stabs Grace in the shoulder instead of the heart. just at dawn, the helmet does the final blow with his ax, and without warning, the helmet explodes and shatters into pieces. the rest of the family looks at each other with dismay. of some of them try to escape, because Tony begs lebayle's reprieve. But all the ledoms family members explode one by one. the last family member, Alex, begs Grace for forgiveness, but he finally explodes when Grace demands a divorce. as flames enter their room, forming a lebayle outline that sitting at the end of the table, lebailu making eye contact and nodding in agreement, as Grace turned to flee in a bloodied state from the ledo Mas family member who exploded outside Gress's house, sitting on the garden steps as the fire blazed behind her. the tintin was filled with blood while smoking a cigarette. when a rescue team asked him what happened, dress shrugged and replied that he was lost okay, that's the synopsis of the film this time. hopefully this film can be the right film recommendation for you all to watch. I say goodbye. Don't forget to like, share, subscribe or follow this channel so you can get recommendations for other exciting films. 