welcome to the man of recaps. this is Hannah's bachelorette week. for the guys leave the mansion and go to rhode island, land of lobsters and stuff. Hannah's excited for her first one-on-one date with Jed, the singer. she's had a crush on him since week one. and they spend a nice day walking around Boston. he's a nice, laid-back guy, so Hannah feels she can really relax with him. she gives him the fake American history tour um. she really doesn't know much. what was it? no taxation. no representation. no. no representation, no. they go to a photo booth, kiss in the tavern. but then for the main event, it's the Boston Celtics Arena. yeah. they have a fun time playing some basketball, and jet makes the epic over-the-shoulder. look shot. that's pretty cool. so, look shot. that's pretty cool. so it's a no-brainer. he gets a safety rose. the next day for the group date, the guys are playing rugby. that's a very physical game. so Lupe's like, yo, this is what I do. he's a little too rough with it, especially when he body slams Luke ass on the sidelines. and it was totally uncalled for, but Lupe's like, whatever, bro, I'm the man. and his one-on-one with Hannah, he fudges the details to make him seem like the good guy. it's like, yeah, the other Luke was coming at me. but Lucas is like, what? why would I come at him? he's like, twice my size. he's like, look, Hannah, honestly, all the guys hate Luke. Pete, with Cam gone, he's the new villain. they're all sitting around fighting with them, except for a golfer Garrett, who's like, yo, I'm gonna go talk to Hannah and have a nice little time. so he gets the group-date rose out of it. the next day, Hannah's overwhelmed with all the drama, but she's got a fun one-on-one date with Tyler. they're going out on a boat, gonna do some lobster trapping. he cheers her up. they have a great time. and that night it's a private Jay Cohen concert. these are always super funny to me, cuz it's like, what are we supposed to do? we're supposed to dance for like three full minutes. like, how many times should we kiss back at the resort? it's still drama with Luke P and the guys. a Big Mike especially hates him tonight. they're natural enemies because they're the two big guys. they're trying to make it seem like Luke P is a straight-up psychopath. and maybe he is. the Luke rivalry continues. there can only be one Luke. he was telling Hannah how Lucas is only here to promote his tequila company. so Lucas is like, hey, man, can you just tell Hannah that's clearly not true, Luke he's like, yeah, man, you're right. I'm sorry. I got you. but he goes to Hannah and like, yeah, that guy doesn't like you at all. so Hanna calls a sit-down with the Luke's. it's like, look, we're gonna have to pick one of you. and that's where the episode ends. it was a real short one this week. there's no rose ceremony, and not a whole lot happened. a very little of John Paul Jones and zero chicken nuggets. so who are the frontrunners right now? Jed definitely on top. Hannah loves him, and he hasn't had any drama. Tyler's he's got a safety rose from his great date. and golfer Garrett's got one too. Pilate Peter asked her to be his official girlfriend, and she thought that was hilarious. and Big Mike's still in the running. he's been a cool guy throughout. and of course, my favorite, the dark horse candidate to win it all, John Paul Jones, huh? Luke P started to show off so strong, and he's still getting the most screen time by far, but lately it's been mostly negative. will Hanna kick him out for all the drama? or is she gonna give him another chance? so hit that subscribe button and tune in next week to see which Luke will survive. [Music]. 