hey guys, welcome back to flicks recap. my name is luke pelletier, and today we're covering 2010's rom-com movie, she's out of my league. before we start, be sure to drop a like, leave a comment, and, of course, subscribe to flix recap if you dig the summary. and as a disclaimer, this video contains my own personal analysis and commentary. it's not a substitute to watching the film itself. links to purchase the film are in the description below. alright, let's do it. the movie opens with the lovestruck kirk practicing his lines in front of his friends in an attempt to get back with his ex-girlfriend, marnie steiner. kirk's friend simply tells him that marnie is a [ __ ]. while jack makes a mockery out of kirk and says that he's a man moodle and that no girl would want to be intimate with him. we see kirk trying to convince marnie to come back to him. however, he gets interrupted by his family, and marnie breaks it to kirk that she's in a relationship with his brother ron, shattering his heart into tiny pieces, hopeless and out of love we catch kirk in the airport. all heads turn towards molly, played by alice eve, praising her beauty and aura as she walks into the airport. and that's when kirk meets molly for the first time. both working in the tsa. they make small talk. right after, kirk presents himself as the proverbial knight in shining armor by saving her from an awkward encounter with some other security guard. molly thanks kirk and catches her flight, leaving her phone behind. patty, a friend of molly's, calls her phone, and kirk picks up informing her that he has her phone. molly and patty are both definitely relieved, and molly invites kirk to an event that she's hosting. just a little nervous, kirk goes to the event with his friend davon. he meets with molly and returns her phone. she quickly thanks him and rushes to manage the event. kirk, still anxious, ends up in a bit of a scuffle with the owner of the museum and eventually gets thrown out of the party. after finding out what happened, molly feels extremely sorry for kirk, so to make up for it. molly invites kirk and his friend to a hockey game. after hearing and seeing all this, kirk's friends catch on that molly is into him, but kirk laughs it off, saying that some bombshell like molly wouldn't choose a guy like him. we love to see the nice guy complex here. classic. their conversation gets interrupted by marnie, who says that she wants to go to branson with kirk's family, but doesn't want things to be awkward. this is a subtle hint that kirk shouldn't go with them, to which kirk agrees. the next day, molly and kirk have a great time watching the hockey game. molly goes with stainer to buy some drinks, leaving patty and kirk behind. patti lets on that molly is actually into kirk, which comes across as a surprise to absolutely nobody, except kirk, who is somehow in disbelief. still, kirk looks like he might sweep up a w here. the next day, kirk, still in disbelief, is out with his friends bowling, blatantly denying the fact that molly is interested in him. and that's when telepathy works its magic. as luck or love might have it, kirk receives a call from molly right then. he picks up nervously, and she invites kirk on a dinner date, leaving kirk even more nervous than before. the next scene shows molly shopping with patty for the date. here we get a bit more character development when patty suggests to molly that kirk is actually not even her type, and in reality, she's only looking forward to dating him because he's a safe option. molly doesn't disagree and continues to look around for dresses. here, i'm suspecting that patty must be hatching some sort of scheme. as nervous as kirk is, the date actually goes pretty smoothly. kirk starts getting mistaken for a waiter by the people at the restaurant based on his wardrobe selections, but it turns out to be a hilarious and charming turn of events, and both of them end up enjoying the time they spend together. things do, however, get a little awkward when molly's ex, kim, also mistakes kirk as the waiter. and molly is then kind of forced to introduce the two aside from their uncomfortable encounter with kim. kirk and molly have great fun. in fact, after the date, kirk tells his friends that he invited molly to a family dinner on sunday. later sunday night, at the dinner table, everyone seems really surprised that kirk has landed a girl. this pretty awkwardly. kirk's ex-girlfriend, marnie, is eating dinner with them too, and things get even more uncomfortable for marnie when kirk's mom invites molly to the trip to branson. marnie loses her cool and blurts out that she dated kirk in the past, getting possessive with molly. the lack of self-esteem shown by these characters is kind of boggling to me. after the dinner, molly takes kirk to her place. they have a very soft, introspective conversation about their dreams the future, and kirk tells molly how he wants to be a pilot. after this heart to heart, they start to get intimate, until kirk shoots his shot a little early. worse, molly's dad shows up talking about dreams while living in a nightmare. sorry, kirk, out of nowhere. marnie shows up the next day wanting to patch things up with kirk. kirk doesn't even think twice about it, but he's mainly worried about last night's incident with molly. molly, on the other hand, has ghosted kirk and isn't picking up his calls. at the same time, kirk's friends give him varying opinions on the situation, and eventually kirk decides to speak to molly face to face. on davin's advice, kirk decides to show up to an event that molly is hosting. molly confronts kirk for suddenly rushing out of her place and not even greeting her father, to which kirk has to tell her the hilarious truth as to why he suddenly left. molly just laughs it off and forgives kirk and they make up. the next scene shows kirk and his friends discussing kirk's relationship, and everyone is super ecstatic about it, slinging suggestions left and right. jack advises kirk to take things up a notch and try to score with molly. and davin decides to help kirk prep his game face. molly, on the other hand, throws her sister a party and invites kirk. kirk runs into kim at the party, and they both indulge in conversation. after kim apologizes for the other night where he mistook kirk for a waiter, both seem to get along pretty well, when kim jokingly mentions to kirk that molly has a defect, and that he should try not to laugh or react to it. later that night, molly brings kirk to her home, giving him butterflies in his stomach. as they're about to get intimate, kirk becomes self-conscious about his body. in reaction to this, molly shows kirk her defect, tiny toes. kirk blurts out, saying that she's just a little far from perfect. wrong answer. molly and kirk get into an argument, and things get heated when the two start fighting about molly lying to her parents about kirk being a pilot, when in reality, he's a guard. kirk responds to this by saying that they don't match up, since he's a solid 5 and she is a firm 10. molly chases kirk, but kirk doesn't listen and just leaves her place. the next day, kirk is at the airport, branson bound, and in a manner of total shame, we see that he's back with marnie. steiner decides to play cupid between molly and kirk and calls paddy to bring molly to the airport, at the same time he tries to connect with kirk on the plane and lift up his self-esteem. jack, who is a mechanic, works to delay the flight so molly can board it by creating some classic misdirection. molly and steiner run towards the plane, while kirk runs out of the plane, both meeting in the middle, molly confesses her feelings and they passionately kiss each other. and as the film ends, we see kirk flying a plane with molly beside him, feeling the freedom he always thought he would while flying. she's out of my league is a must-watch movie for rom-com lovers. it's a sweet and heartwarming movie which deals with the issue of self-esteem while maintaining a lighter humorous vibe, a magnetic passion that the two total opposites can feel towards each other, and the motivation to be a better version of oneself. be sure to drop a like if you dug the summary and subscribe to the channel so that you don't miss the next recap until next time. 