hello, and welcome to movies in five minutes or less. this is a recap of the 1986 action movie top gun, starring tom cruise. warning, spoilers ahead. ltp, maverick mitchell and his radar intercept officer. ltj g, nick goose, bradshaw, our united states naval aviator stationed aboard the uss enterprise, where they fly the f-14a tomcat. during an interception, maverick gets missile lock on one of the hostile mig-28 aircraft, while the other hostile aircraft locks on mavericks wingmen, cougar. cougar is too shaken to land, while maverick dispatches the remaining mig-28. so maverick, defying orders, shepherds him back to the carrier. despite his dislike for maverick's recklessness. cag stinger sends him and goose to naval air station miramar to attend top gun, the naval fighter weapon school. maverick, aided by goose, unsuccessfully approaches a woman in a bar the day before top gun premieres. maverick discovers the next day that she is charlotte. charlie blackwood, a civilian top gun instructor and astrophysicist. after learning of maverick's inverted maneuver with the mig-28, charlie becomes interested in him. maverick defeats instructor, lcdr rick jester heatherly on his first training hop, but by flying recklessly, he breaks a major rule of engagement and is reprimanded by chief instructor. cdr mike piper metcalfe. in private, jester admits that he admires maverick's abilities, but is unsure whether he would trust him as a combat partner. the top student, lt tom iceman kazansky considers maverick's attitude foolish and is flying dangerous as maverick's tendency to abandon his team and pursue reckless objectives makes him unsafe to fly with. charlie opposes maverick's aggressive tactics in class, but she privately admits to him that she admires his flying and admitted it from her reports to hide her feelings for him. the two begin a romantic relationship. during another training hop, maverick abandons his wingman, hollywood, to pursue viper. viper admits that his flying abilities impress him. but maverick is defeated when viper maneuvers maverick into a position where his wingman, jester can shoot him down from behind, demonstrating the importance of teamwork over individual prowess. mavericks flying is excellent, but jester tells him that he should never leave his wingmen. in a later training engagement, maverick and iceman, now direct competitors for the top gun trophy, pursue an a4 because the time it takes for each dogfight to end is factored into the scoring for each flight. in the course, maverick pressures iceman to end their engagement with the a4 they're both chasing so he can shoot it down himself. but iceman refuses. maverick and goose eject, but goose is killed when he collides with the jettison aircraft canopy head-on. despite the fact that the board of inquiry finds maverick not to be responsible for goose's death, he is overcome by guilt, and his flying ability deteriorates. charlie and others try to console him, but maverick is thinking about leaving. he seeks advice from viper, who reveals that he served on the uss oriskany with maverick's father, duke mitchell, and was present during the air battle that resulted in mitchell's death. viper reveals classified information that proves mitchell died heroically, despite official reports to the contrary, and tells maverick that he can succeed if he can regain his self-confidence. maverick chooses to graduate, though iceman wins the top gun trophy. viper and jester summon the newly graduated aviators to the graduation party with orders to deploy. iceman, hollywood and maverick are ordered to return to the enterprise immediately to deal with a crisis situation involving the rescue of the ss layton, a disabled ship that has drifted into hostile waters. despite iceman's reservations about maverick's mental state, maverick and merlin are assigned as backup for f-14s flown by iceman and hollywood. hollywood is shot down in the ensuing hostile engagement with six mig-28. maverick is scrambled alone due to a catapult failure, and nearly retreats after encountering circumstances similar to those that killed goose. when maverick and iceman finally reunite, they are still outmanned, but maverick insists on giving man a wingman and manages to shoot down three mig-28 shifting to offense. iceman also kills one, forcing the other two to flee. iceman and maverick have a newfound respect for each other after their triumphant return to enterprise. and maverick throws goose's dog tags overboard. offered any assignment he chooses. maverick decides to return to top gun as an instructor. maverick and charlie reunite in a bar in miramar. thanks for watching movies in 5 minutes or less. don't forget to subscribe to our channel. till next time 