i already know what you're saying, but paul, his dog materials isn't out yet. and in some respects, you'd be right. i've kind of gone back and forth over what to do with this, as the show is releasing one week later in the us. but as this is a uk-based channel, i thought i'd drop the break down in line with that. and anyone who wants to wait a week is more than welcome to add this to their watch later list and check it out down the line. that being said, there's a lot to unpack from the entry. and as always, if this is your first time checking us out, then welcome to the heavy spoilers show. and hopefully you enjoy our week by week coverage on the series. there will be some minor spoilers here in regards to the book. so if you don't want anything potentially ruined for you, then i recommend that you turn off now. as for the entry itself, we pick up right after the events of season 1, which saw lyra stepping through the terror in the fabric of her reality. this is mirrored by will, who did the same thing on his end. and both me up in the entry. whilst it feels like a lot of fun and games throughout. this episode very much sets up the great war that is coming. on one side are the magisterium, who wish to find the subtle knife through will. and on the other are the witches, who believe that lyra will be the key to their salvation. in the wake of lord azrael opening up the portal to another reality, the world has stumbled into chaos. the witches believe that this is the fulfillment of a prophecy laid out long ago that states all existence will either be destroyed or made anew juxtaposing this, the high ranking members of the magisterium believe that lord azrael burnt the new world into existence, and that to state it was already there is heresy. at one point, they capture a witch and torture her, which forces the group to launch an attack on them, which we'll get into in just a bit. now, this episode is very much about both will and lyra meeting and forming a union with one another. early on, lyra arrives at the town of sitagaze, which is the same location that could be glimpsed through the northern lights in season one, citagasse, which i'm definitely pronouncing wrong. i'll try it with a bit more italian. that's terrible. now that that roughly translates to city of magpies, which just so happens to be the name of this entry. sorry if you've just unsubscribed as well. now, in case you don't know, in the books, the seaside location is based on an italian mediterranean town. and throughout its cobbled roads and ancient architecture, we can see abandoned homes in restaurants. at the center of it lies the torre de gallo angeli, which translates to the tower of angels. and within it is held the subtle knife, which, of course, ties in with will's fate. now with this new world comes new rules. and similar to lyra's dimension, this is tied in with puberty. in lyra's world, mrs colter wanted to separate children from their demons before they hit puberty in order to save them from sin. she believes that if she accomplishes this on a grand scale, that the entire world will be free of sin. and nurse has been carrying out experiments on children for what she views as the greater good. i know it goes beyond that, but it is an important rule to pay attention to, as this idea of adolescence causing problems is very much tied in with this new world. the sita gaze is pretty much devoid of adults. and by a zombie-like one named tulio that we encounter in the entry. the entire location is really just populated by a gang of children. who is that leona? leona's back. anyway, we discovered that the city is actually haunted by invisible ghosts known as specters. once a child starts to mature, these spirits become visible, and they suck the souls of their victims, leaving them in an almost undead-like state. now the reason that the specters are emerging around the city is because of the subtle knife which exists in the tower. the knife is actually capable of opening up the window between worlds that lyra used to travel to. this one, however, this comes with a caveat, and the more the knife is used, the more the specters are created. when azrael opened the passage at the end of season one, it actually caused a massive rise in specters, and these swarmed the city. this is why lyanna, who i know, she's not called up, but i should. she was good, wasn't she? anyway, this is why she mentions an attack on the city, which was, of course, kick-started by asriel's short-sightedness. most of the adults were either consumed or they fled, and thus the children have remained in the citade, setting up a sort of lord of the flies aesthetic. now, alongside this idea of worlds being mirrored and having rules that in some way reflect one another, we also get this idea of how words differ slightly depending on which world you're on. demon and dust, of course, means something completely different in ours. and i loved how there was this idea throughout that, depending on which world we visit will depend on how certain rules and standards are interpreted. i think the city gaze is an incredible location, and the spiraling staircases, eerily empty streets and towering monuments really add a certain mystique to the entry. hearing the wind blow through the location and realizing how empty it is adds a lot of nuances to it. and i think this easily becomes the most interesting locale that we've visited so far. along with the creepiness, we also have some cute moments, such as lyra making omelettes for will and being unable to do so because she's been brought up being weighted on hand in foot. these light-hearted moments really add a touch of character development to the episode. and they're juxtaposed brilliantly by the storyline involving the witches and mrs coulter. it begins with the former inviting lee scorsby to their cliff top meeting. and here they sort of set up the mission that he will be going on, which is to get an object of protection from a man named gruman. this is actually another name for john parry. so their paths will be crossing at some point in the season. the witch meeting is sort of an exposition dump, and it's mainly used as a setup for the group protecting lyra as she continues on the main quest. now, whilst it does sound a bit fillery, i'd sort of compare it to aragorn side quest in lord of the rings, which had him basically protecting frodo and sam whilst they went on the main mission. there are definitely a lot of potential avenues that they can take things. and i'm excited to see what happens, especially with the witches and magisterium going head-to-head. now, as mentioned on board the submarine, culture slowly tries to suck the information out that she needs from a witch that they've captured. colter tortures her prisoner by ripping the magical cloud pine out of her back. and as we learn, this is tied to a witch's ability to use magic. as we've discovered throughout the series, colter has no problem with separating people from their magical abilities and demons. and thus this torture scene mirrors what she's planning to do to children across the planet. the witch almost gives up who lyra is, but instead calls for death, and this comes in the form of the newly introduced witch, queen ruta. ruta flies in like a bow of hell, and she instantly proves to be a force of reckoning for the magisterium. not only does she kill the prisoner and release her from her torment, but she also moves faster than the flash and takes out the forces of the evil group. she leaves the cardinal in critical condition, and culture strikes up a deal with father mcphail, who that that's that sounds like your dad's nickname. anyway, she she makes a deal with him in order to snuff out the cardinal and supplant him. coulter is extremely seductive, and we've pretty much watched throughout the entry how she has used her sexuality to control the men and lead them into achieving her goals. she's clearly after controlling the organization, and i loved watching as she slowly put things in place to put herself in a position of power elsewhere. lyra and will strike up a deal to travel to each other's oxfords and find things to continue their quest. this is quite a big chapter in the source material, so i can see it being a huge part of the next episode as we get into them journeying from one world to the next. the pair agree to travel in the morning, but will wanders out into the street, which is where a is surrounds him, and thus the episode ends. now i don't think it's a big spoiler to say that the character isn't dead, but how he will get out of it is gonna be really interesting to see. we also have the fact that lyra now knows he's a murderer. and though the compass says to trust him. she's, of course, questioning its reliability due to what happened with roger. i think we're really gonna see in the next episode, as the pair walk a day in the opposite shoes and come to learn all of the things that caused them to be in this current position. as for the episode itself, i did really enjoy it. and though it was a lot of setup, i think the intrigue of the specters and the city itself really gave this entry a life of its own. anyway, that wraps up the episode. and i'd of course, love to hear your thoughts on it, so make sure you leave them in the comments below. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of the mandalorian, which is going to be linked at the end. don't forget, we're giving away three copies of the marvel phase two box set. and all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of november, so make sure you get involved if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat just under discord server linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. paul, i'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 