[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a fantasy action film. ferraro, spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. in a japanese wine house, guests are drinking to their hearts content while watching a dance performance. all of a sudden, a man jumps onto the stage and cuts off the lead dancers facial mask. when the mask is torn off, everyone is shocked to discover that the dancer is a huge spider. the intrusion certainly throws the guests into turmoil, and all of them evacuate the wine house in terror. the man removes his arm and brings out a hidden blade to slash the spider. the spider, in turn, pierces through the man's body, but he is not injured at all. surprisingly, his wound heals in an instant. in the end, he kills the spider monster, and his leg grows back from his own body. this mysterious man is a ronin named hakimuru. twenty years ago, his father, the king, made a deal with the 48 demons so as to gain prosperity and rule over his land. his deal was sealed at the expense of his firstborn son, hiyakimuru, as his wife was giving birth, demons fed on each body part of the sun, leaving the sun without skin, ears, noses, eyes or limbs. however, with a bit of luck on his side, the abandoned child was eventually found by a master medicine man who was frantic about regeneration. so he fully applied his knowledge to healing the poor boy, hiyakimuru. he first collected the remains of babies who had died in the war. after a series of processing, he fixed the artificial limbs and organs on hyakimaru to build him a new body. as hiakemuru grew up, the master had taught him martial arts and attached two short blades to his arms. years later, before the master passed away, he revealed hikimaru's origin. ever since then, hakimuru has decided to hunt down the demons so as to claim all his lost organs back. whenever hakimuru manages to kill a demon, he will restore one of his lost organs. since most of his physical parts are crafted by healing magic, kimura is invincible to any mortal blow. on the same day after his defeats the spider, he runs into doro, the young orphan female thief. dororo has heard of hyakimuru's story through a kung fu musician. in fact, the two blades hidden in his arms are gifted by the musician. fascinated by the legend, duro has made up her mind to follow him in the hunt for demons. kukumuru, however, prefers to be alone, so he repeatedly warns tororo not to glue to him. to his dismay, no matter how he drives to row away, she insists to remain by his side. on the way, an ugly, giant, fat baby appears before them out of nowhere and leads them to a nuttery nearby. it turns out the giant fat baby is formed by spirits of multiple dead babies. while hiki meru and doro are taking a short break in the nuttery, a couple have come to visit the place. in a world where war has ravaged every village in the area, and famine, sickness and natural disaster have become the norm, many parents, struggling to make their ends meet, have no choice but send their children to the nunnery. however, no one expects that one day a tragic fire would take away the lives of all the nuns and children. so the parents often visit the nunnery to offer their condolences and ask for forgiveness. hearing their confession, dororo criticizes the selfish parents for abandoning their children. but actually, poverty rules out other choices for them. as shiakimuru and doro continue with their journey, they meet a tycoon of the village. when the tycoon learns that they are travelers, he generously invites them for a stay over. roro looks forward to stealing some treasures from the rich man, so she accepts the invitation right away. one thing amazing is that the tycoon has 10 daughters who look identical from head to toe. at night, kyokumuru and dororo are getting ready to rest after meals, not knowing that some dark and scary secrets are awaiting them. actually, the ten daughters are not human beings. the man eating worms right now. the worms are discussing which guest they should consume first. shortly after, they wriggle to the guest room prepared to start their feast. yakima is so alert that he kills all the beasts in a flash. when doro wakes up the 10 monsters, all have died. at this time, the giant fat baby pops up in the court and points in a certain direction. dororo and hikimuru follow his instruction to a study room where a hidden underpass is found. walking through the underpass, they see many skeletons and remains of the dead. more and more bones appear until they reach the nunnery destroyed by fire. now that they realize those children did not die of fire. rather, they are eaten up by the worms of the tycoon. yakima speculates that the tycoon's wife must be a dark witch, and her food supply just comes from the nunnery. dororo gathers the villagers to expose the tycoon, while yakima returns to the tycoon's house to deal with them. at first, hyakimuru is hoping that the couple will repent from their evil acts. but tycoon refuses to admit his wrongs. even though the tycoon loves the wife so much that he even risks his life to protect her. the dark which does not return the same favor. she tries to kill hyakimuru and her husband together with one deadly shot the sword goes through the two bodies, and the tycoon dies in blood. kyokumuro comes up on skate to tackle the witch. she transforms herself into a huge but sexy moth, with her wings studded by horrifying eyes. though as shyakimaru gains the upper hand, the witch wants to fly away. luckily, the giant fat baby arrives in time to drag the moth down. so hiyakimuru takes the chance and steps forward to slay her immediately. right after the witch dies, all the children devoured by her enter the reincarnation, and yakimuru earns a new organ. sadly, the villagers who have witnessed shiakimuru's transformation regard him as a monster and drive them away with fear. having gone through many ups and downs together, the two have forged comradeship to fight whoever blocks their way. the first enemy they are faced is the peach monster. the monster has a head like that of a man and a body consisting of roots. once its mouth drops open each flowers are scattered everywhere. aurora cannot do anything to such a monster except staying aside to enjoy the battle. view after the peach beast is wiped out. yakima gains back his ears. soon they are confronted by another monster, godzilla. when doro finally manages to offer some assistance, she cuts godzilla's throat, and in return, kyakimaru gets back his own throat. encouraged by the multiple victories, hiyakimuru becomes bolder in the demon hunt. as such, he easily eradicates an eagle demon and claims back his own hand. when they are at the borders, dororo tells hiakimaru about her own story. a few years ago, her hometown was trampled down by king's army. her own father was killed in the war, and her mom was frozen to death the rural lives on the mission to murder king. shortly after they have entered king's land, hiyakimuru alone visits a wine house to get some food and a break. suddenly, a gang of robbers break into the wine house. while most of the guests flee the scene. yukimuru remains on his seat with absolute composure. one of the robbers challenges hyakimuru, but receives a hard blow thanks to the the prince in the white house notices his excellent martial skills. therefore, prince intends to hire hyakimuru to work for him out of curiosity. gakimuru follows prince to the palace. while they tour around the palace, they meet the queen, who is shocked to see hyakimuru's close queen recognizes that he is the very son she abandoned 20 years ago. queen cannot wait to tell hiyakimuru their relationship. as soon as hiakumaru touches the queen's hand, the past vividly replays in his mind. but the fact that queen setting him adrift breaks his heart. he's been searching for his origin all his life, but the truth has thrown him into torment and confusion. while hiyakimuru immerses himself in shock and sorrow, dororo tries to comfort him. however, yukimuru reveals that her enemy is no one else but his own father. overcome by her grief and hatred, dororo surprises hikimaru with a stab. as usual, hyakimuru is not wounded at all. empathizing with dororo's pains, hiyakimuru calmly accepts whatever she says and does. then the two of them part their ways. but doro returns to hyukimuru after some careful consideration. she asked shyakimaru to let go of his own grudges to start anew her words have moved the heart of hyakimuru. on the other hand, queen wishes to see hyakimuru again, but her plan is always disrupted by the prince. to retain his existing power and privileges as the one and only prince, prince deceit to go kill hyakimuru. queen is heartbroken to learn of his ambition, but she can do nothing to stop him. in the meantime, the devil misleads king to think that hyakimuru's presence hinders him from ruling the land. the devil adds that everything will be restored when kyokumuru dies. king buys all the lies from the devil and prepares to assassinate kyokumuru. when king is on his way, prince and his soldiers have come to confront hikimaru. previously, hikimuro is convinced by dororo to forget the pass and move forward, but prince initiates the fight yukimuru's conscience and kindness are holding him back from killing any of the royal troops. on the contrary, unwavering in his resolution to slain hyakimuru, prince does not roulette as such. prince has killed his own soldier by mistake. kimuru intends to reconcile with prince, but prince only wants to end his life. in his attempt at self-defense, hiyakimuru accidentally leaves his blade stuck in prince's throat. when queen finally arrives, prince drops dead to the ground, plunged into grief for the death of her younger son. queen plans to take yakimaru's life for life, but she cannot bear the loss of two sons on the same day. before long, king also storms to the battlefield, reading her husband's mind, queen stops king from acting foolishly because hiyakimuru is their only remaining son. now, however, king shuts his ear to queen's plea and puts her to death right away. king's brutal murder makes yakimuru's blood boiling with the dying wish to avenge his mother. yakimaru charges at his father in a fury. even when dororo tries to hold him back, she is knocked straight out, unleashing their wrath towards one another, the battle between the father and son starts. over the years, hiyakimuru has picked up many martial arts skills. the king is no match for such a samurai. but right then, yakimaru doesn't have the heart to slaughter his own father. at the same time, the devil comes to promise king that he will revive prince as long as king surrenders his body and his territory. yakimaru is firmly against such an evil plan, for it will cause tremendous sufferings for the world. despite yakimaru's warning, king takes the deal. as a result, the dead prince is resurrected, while king is inhabited by the devil, who conspires to release more demons to destroy the world. however, the devil does not expect the king to trick him inside his body. realizing that his sins have piled up to heaven. king wants to repay his people by exterminating the devil. then king pushes the sword through his own belly, struggling to suppress the devil within himself. he then asks yakimaru to annihilate him. king's sacrifice creates the only chance to liquidate the devil. if the devil does not die, the world will never be at peace. for the best interest of the majority, kakima reluctantly destroys king and the devil together. after the king's death, prince has succeeded to the throne. prince offers to make hakumuru king, for he is lacking in many ways, but hyakimaru rejects him. hyakimuru has never aspired to be a ruler, and he knows he is not a good fit. his dream now is to eliminate the demon ghouls and reclaim all his lost parts with tororo. this is daniel cc movie channel. bye. 