welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and a big plot leaked from OBS has just hit the web. it's currently putting the internet in a spin. and after it was apparently verified on subreddit, Marvel Studios spoilers, it looks like it has a lot of weight to it. throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down the entire plot, talking about what it teases and giving our opinion on whether it sucks or not. get it because he's a vampire. anyway, other than terrible puns, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything potentially ruined about the movie, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. as with the recent birds of prey pot leaked, these can sometimes be very accurate, and we don't want to ruin the movie for anybody. so this is your last chance to turn off. you're still here, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into the breakdown of the Morbius plot leak. okay, so the port leak was posted by reddit user throw away, five, seven, three, seven, two, nine, not 69s and I'll not read out the entire number who said that they didn't want to reveal how they knew any of this in order to protect their identity. and mod two then later posted that they had privately messaged them to verify how they knew it. and it's rare that things like this get posted on the subreddit, so it adds a lot of validity to it. I've rewritten part of it for the video, just so it doesn't sound like I'm reading a bunch of sentences. but I'll leave a link below if you want to check out the entire thing. anyway, the user said, the film opens with Michael Morbius being awarded a Nobel Prize for his involvement in medical research. during his acceptance speech, the character falls over and faints. the film link cuts to black, and it shows Michael as a young child at school, being bullied because he can't walk. this is then broken up by immune ekeus, who is a doctor working at the school. according to these leaks, the character finally has a name, and he isn't dr. octopus. Emile was actually the best friend of Michael in the comics. so this ties heavily in with his origin. story. we then cut to adult Michael having a discussion with Niko's. he explains that his disease is getting worse and he suspects he doesn't have long left to live. he thanks Niko's for sticking with him throughout his life, and it's to be a really touching moment. the pot League jumps back and forward through time, showing not only current events, but also Morbius is past. we then jump back to young Michael in a hospital ward playing chess against Nico's. NICUs encourages Michael to pursue becoming a doctor in order to find a cure for his disease. Niko's is then told he has to see another patient, and Michael continues playing chess by himself. I don't know why that's in the plotly it didn't really make a difference. but anyway, back in the present, we see Michael in hospital in New York, helping a young girl who has cancer. he stopped by, the sighs, crown. I don't know if a butchered his name there, so I've got to keep calling him Crone throughout the video, who Michael doesn't know. crown gives him a briefcase and his card, and then he tells Michael that these may help him to find a cure. we then jump forward in time to Michael being injected his medication by his wife, Martine Bancroft. I don't know why his wife has a different name, but I suppose it is 2020. during this scene, Michael explains once again how he suspects he doesn't have long to live. Michael and Bancroft walk to their lab, and Michael says he needs to try more radical ways to cure himself. Michael opens the briefcase and inside discovers a dead bat and a giant knife. Michael is confused, but studies it and finds out it's a vampire bat. this leaves a lot of things up in the air and starts him on a journey to discover what's going on. his wife leaves, and Michael calls crown and asks about the artifacts. crown explains that he once suffered from the same disease and tells him about a cave in Brazil that will help to cure him. Bancroft warns against it, but Michael doesn't listen, and he goes there anyway. this is when we see the helicopter, seen from the trailer with the character on the way to the cave. there's a voiceover from crown whilst this is happening that explains what Michael has to do once he arrives there. he pays everyone off, and some kind of machine opens up from the ground. Michael cuts his hand and presses it against these strings within the machine, and bats fly towards him and then out of the cave. this kills everyone else that was in the helicopter, and Michael passes out, and we cut to black. we join Michael as he wakes up and wanders around Brazil. from here, he sneaks onto a cargo ship headed to New York and realizes that he's slowly transforming into a vampire. the ship is attacked by pirates, and this becomes the film's first real action scene. Mobius starts by killing them off, and it's meant to portray him as a monster hunting them. this is a similar sort of thing to the predator scene from Batman. Begins with a perspective of the pirates being mainly what we see at the end of the scene, we get a good look at him, and it's a shot from the trailers. Morbius then jumps off the ship and starts swimming towards the shore. he wakes up in New York and crawls into a bar and tells the bartender to call him an ambulance. he's unsure of exactly what's happened, but has a feeling that something terrible is going on. it's during the scene that Michael watches the TV. and on it is none other than Jay jonah Jameson talking about dead bodies mysteriously found on a cargo ship. Michael Leng gets flashbacks to the attack and realizes he did it. the ambulance arrives, and when he's rushed to the hospital, he tells everyone that he was mugged and his crutches were stolen. once he's in his lab, he tells Bancroft and Niko's what really happened, and he locks himself in a container to protect them. Michaels thirst for blood becomes too strong, and he breaks out. Bancroft and Niko's managed to escape, but he runs after a doctor working there and is shot by security guards. Bancroft manages to tranq him, and he's then subdued from here, Michael wakes up in his lab and finds a tomb there. there's no onion that says, all of the answers you seek lie within. and it's written by Crown. well, well, it says it's written by Louis, but, you know, I hate that name. Michael opens it up to find a skeleton wearing a comic accurate Morbius suit, which he then laughs at. so, yeah, another case of the studio taking a dump on the source material. the tomb is also covered in some ancient language, and Michael doesn't know how, but he's able to read it. from here we could to simon Stroud, play by Tyrese Gibson, who's investigating what caused the death of the pirates. Simon believes it was something supernatural, which the other cops laugh at. Simon also has a mechanical gauntlet on his right arm that gives him super-strength. it's mentioned that the Gorna is from Oscorp, which is our first big tease at the biggest spider-verse. I'm not gonna lie, when I first read that, I was very happy, and I do hope that it's true. meanwhile, there's a montage of Michael testing out his new abilities. and apparently a lot of this is seen in the trailers. Simon visit sneaked us and starts asking him questions about Michael. meanwhile, crown is in some sort of lab in the sewers, and is revealed to be incredibly skinny and has tattoos all over his body. we then cut to the tomb in Michaels lab opening itself up. and this is a big action scene in which the character fights the skeleton. according to the redditor, this is the best scene in the movie, just because of how bonkers it is. Morbius defeats it by crushing its skull, and then the skeleton costume attaches itself to Morbius. crown wakes up and cast a spell on himself, and then he walks into some train tracks and stops a train with a weird magical spell. he then sucks the life out of everyone on board, and till he regains his strength and looks like Matt Smith. once more, crown senses that Simon Stroud is going to ruin his plans, and he possesses Morbius, who flies over. then he causes house to kill Stroud. Stroud is able to put up a fight with Morbius because of the gauntlet, and Nichols is killed during it. this massive death in the movie makes Michael snap out of it, and he allows Stroud to arrest him. so similar to the comic books, Niko's dies, but it doesn't mention whether he's a victim of Morbius, like the source material. but hey, at least it's similar. he's then sent to San Quentin State Prison, and his cell mate is Adrian Toomes, who makes a joke about how him getting blipped meant he got a shorter sentence. so they are acknowledging the snap in this, according to the leak. and we know that they are definitely tying it in with the bigger MCU. during the night, Michael sees crown in some kind of ghost form, and he tells him to meet him in New York or he'll kill Martine. Michael builds up his powers and breaks out the prison while flowing and being surrounded by bats. this somehow leads to all the electricity being cut off within the prison, and everyone is set free. right? happens in which many escape, and we see tombs climb up the prison while Michael uses his powers against the prison guards and steals the coat from one of them. tombs thanks Michael for breaking him out, and he tells him he's putting a team together and wants him to join. Michael declines and uses a SuperSpeed to take him back to New York. so we have our first hint at the sinister six. finally, it does look like, if this plot leak is true, the movie is setting up a lot of things with this and Oscorp both playing big roles. you see Matt Gaughan breakout and me up with Toombs. Cletus Kasady also runs off. and this shows that going ahead, there are going to be villains for both venom and Spidey to fight. the user says that in regards to carnage, that thankfully, his hair no longer resembles Sideshow Bob and looks more like a mop and slightly less red. it still looks like a big wig, but they say it's better than what we had in Benham Morbius finds crown in New York, who reveals that he was once the skeleton, and he's actually here because of reincarnation. he says he needs more vyas to complete a ritual so he can live forever and become more powerful. Morbius, his costume forms around him and he fights crown. the reddit has said that they fly a lot of the time and that this scene reminded them a lot of the fight from the end of Chronicle. Morbius is able to defeat crown by reading one of his tattoos, which allows him to suck the life out of him. Morbius grows until he's 9 feet tall and starts roaring at everyone, but Bancroft calms him down until he's normal again. Morbius escapes before the police arrives, and he takes off his costume. on the way, he passes the Spider Man poster tag murderer. and unlike in the trailer, the picture used resembles the homecoming suit instead of the rainy one. the film ends with Michael and Bancroft at necrosis funeral, while Stroud watches in the distance. we then cut to Morbius jumping across New York. and the final shot is with the living vampire on a billboard showing a Peter Parker Wanted sign. the user says there are no end credits scenes, so that's the entire plot leaked. and honestly, if this turns out to be true, then I'll be extremely happy. it seems to be taking all of the boxes for me in providing an interesting story, but it also sets up big things to come down the line. I'm massively happy with this. and some of the MC references outlined here are great. not only does it provide a satisfying pot I feel it also dropped some big nods to the sinister six. and by the sounds of this, this is gonna be a great entry in the spider-verse. overall, I'm actually really high for the film now, and this leak has definitely got me a lot more excited for it when it releases. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the leak. and if you believe it's true or not, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our recent comic book break of some of the insane details that you missed in the Benjie's endgame. we go over the craziest Easter eggs that I haven't seen many people talking about. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to support the channel from its let this 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. you get access to content early, and can also suggest video topics and breakdowns. massively appreciate it, and it goes a long way to helping videos like this get made. gonna come chat just after the show. either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people who are subscribed to the channel. and this Monty can win dr. sleep. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you sub with notifications on. the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. and the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of February. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 