if there is a monster living inside your smartphone that obsessively tries to befriend you, how would you break it to him that you aren't interested in this? how to beat video, we follow a haunted family, define the threats and ultimately figure out on how we could beat Larry. and come play. we start off with eight-year-old Oliver comfortably sleeping when he gets woken up by his smartphone. he then decides to walk through his house, smashing his weird jelly hand against the walls, and stands in the doorway of his mom's room like he's the villain of this movie. after getting his nightly diabetes type 2 dose, he gets back to his room, where he finds his phone displaying this. he doesn't seem to be able to press it away, which is definitely an unusual thing. we also don't know how it appeared in his phone either. but i think we can agree on Larry being an absolute weirdo. i mean, if he wants friends, he might would do well to stop creeping people out at first sight. i am not so sure if closing the door was the right decision here, you practically trapped yourself in. if screaming is too old school. he could have sent the whatsapp to his parents. at the very least he blocked the door so the monster would first trip and fall before he gets to him. but all of that doesn't matter, because that was just a dream. an interesting fact we learned though, is that the kid here seems to have some sort of speak impairment, not allowing him to speak without a smartphone. good job technology. the next morning we witness an argument between his parents. and as usual, the man is a problem, but i get it. he doesn't give the impression to be very capable in raising his son, that is until he lures him with a laser pointer. back in my days, they used candy at school. oliver participates quite normally in his class, using his smartphone to communicate, all to the dislike of his fellow classmates. not only is he the freak of the class, no, he also gets to use a smartphone after class. one of the kids asks him if he wants to come and hang out, which he aptly agrees to. i mean, this kid has a severe speech impairment. i can't imagine the difficulties for him going through daily life. how do you even make friends with a condition like this. so naturally, oliver walks over to the meeting point, just to realize he got tricked into a trap. imagine not being able to defend yourself with speech, and then even get bullied for it. but something interesting happens in that scene. we could see that something was observing the event from inside his phone, giving me the impression that we may get to see some revenge later on. from what we know, it could be larry. and if it is, i'm starting to like larry. they could be a great match. now i don't want to jump to any conclusions yet, but the movie does tell us that electronic devices have something to do with larry. but it is also true that spongebob is oddly often involved too. now, having done extensive research, i have found out that larry could also be spongebob's cousin. we cut to oliver's dead and his demanding job as a parking lot manager. he also has obvious problems with his chair, denying him focus to finish his crossword challenge. as he tries to fix his seat, he hears an odd sound. now at first i thought there was someone knocking on the glass window to get a parking ticket. but it seems like it came from the lost and found box over there. when he opens the box, all he finds is a tablet in need for some electric juice. well, we start to understand that larry, or larry's seem to be somehow connected to tablets and the likes. at this point, it would be impossible for him to even remotely consider something like this. well, that's weird. i have never seen a sliding door being pushed open by wind. and let's be honest, ever since supernatural, this series, flickering light bulbs are pretty much always indicating paranormal activity. it is obvious that he isn't fan of the horror genre, nor does he seem to be on the paranormal subreddit. i think we can safely conclude by now that this whole family seems to be haunted by something, and with something. i mean, probably larry. when he arrives back home, he hands over the tablet to oliver. his wife doesn't seem to be much happy about it. seems like she got some serious insecurity problems. meanwhile, oliver is happily playing with his new gadget, until there is a weird noise coming from his closet. he doesn't seem to mind though, and continues playing with his new tablet. since he is autistic, there might be some sort of explanation for that type of reaction. autistic people usually struggle with appropriate emotional response. time to pack your stuff and leave your room. whatever the heck that was, it wasn't anything friendly. and if it was, it seriously lacks social skills. perhaps it's an autistic monster. we don't know yet, but i would stay in this room for a million bucks. i'm not sure if oliver just doesn't get it, or if he's just too curious about it. at first i thought, closing the closet door just like that probably won't suffice to keep larry from creeping. but at second thought, it might have been a pretty smart move. because whenever we have seen larry, it was in darkness, like on the parking lot and now in oliver's room. and back on the field, it was bright daylight, perhaps preventing him to intervene. the point is, we don't know yet for sure, but my best guess would be larry has either something to do with light or electricity. the next day, the spook ain't over. hello. time to change your tablet provider. this wasn't alexa nor siri talking to you, oliver. but to be fair, larry has a point here. oliver's parents seem to be quite a bit bothered by his condition. the people around him want him to be normal, yet they treat him like he isn't. in my experience, that doesn't work. if they treated him like a normal person, it would be much easier for him to adapt and actually be normal. the two main possibilities here are, larry isn't bad and really just wants a friend, or larry is that candyman in a sketchy van around an elementary school. oliver picks up the tablet and throws it into the cupboard under the stairs. not sure if that helps. the movie hasn't told us much about larry yet, besides the fact that he seems to be somewhat connected to electric devices and likes to creep on little kids. but if you really should be connected to the tablet, perhaps the best choice here would have been to either break it or get rid of it completely, i.e, burn it, dissolve it, or throw it into the mariana trench. when the night breaks in, oliver's mom had the brilliant idea to surprise her autistic son with a sleepover of his three bullies. and the award for the worst mom goes to yes this woman. during the night, one of the kids checks out the cupboard under the stairs, thinking it's oliver's secret candy stash. nope, he finds the haunted tablet and starts reading the tale of larry. larry just wants a friend. the story mentions that larry comes from another world, implying he is a supernatural being out of reach. he isn't from the world, you know. secondly, the story tells us that larry watches our world through windows, which connects his realm to ours. since there were several scenes in which we could witness larry looking through oliver's smartphone, i think it is safe to conclude that the windows mentioned are the screens of electronic devices. to turn those windows into doors. and the last part of the story mentions how you must know larry's whole story in order to turn the windows into doors. what does that mean? that means he just screwed up. in the following events, we see oliver holding up his tablet with the main camera turned on, pointing at the kitchen. while larry seems to be only visible on the screen. he doesn't appear in front of the naked eye. that means he either only exists inside electronic devices, or he is invisible. why would you want to read the next pages? you just write a super creepy story while seven light bulbs exploded all around you. if that wasn't a red flag, i don't know what is. and what about that ghoul-like thing cowering in the corner of your kitchen? "what the sh*t is that"? look, i wouldn't want to be his friend either. and as much as i would like to say that that kid is nuts, i would have probably done the exact same thing, because something like this just can't be real, right? i'm going to take a wild guess and say sleepovers at this house probably won't be a thing anymore. at least we could figure out a few interesting facts about larry. for instance, that you really don't want to be his friend. the best solution for now would be getting rid of all electronic devices. but for that, the mother must know about the strange events taking place. if she doesn't know, and oliver starts a tantrum and breaks all electronic devices, she'd probably be quick in giving him over to a daycare. that means she must experience what the kids have experienced last night. first. luckily, the haunted tablet is at home when she's replacing the broken light bulbs. and it doesn't take long until she too starts to understand that something just isn't right. whoa flickering light bulbs is one thing, but a cleaned and fixed living room is on a whole other level. if that would happen to me, i'd be heading through the nearest window. but not this woman, though. she first wants to investigate. let me make one thing clear, sherlock, it isn't possible to have 7 light bulbs fixed in 14 seconds without making any noise. even the ideal electrician champion couldn't do that. if you're hearing his footsteps like these, then you better go for a run. of course she doesn't, because if she does, there would be no need for this video. our lady here wants to find the intruder herself. so she looks through her house and eventually gets to speak to him say goodbye to oliver. yeah, the classic tape over the front cam thing. if i were her, i would have done that. since the father has brought home this thing. who knows who owned that device before it was lost and found. having creeps spying on people and kids is a real thing and happens daily. she finally storms out and drives over to the school to pick up oliver, which i think is the best possible thing to do here. when somebody wants to take away your son, the most important thing is to have your son by your side at all times. yes, even in restrooms. on the way out, she actually takes the time and tells oliver what is happening. kudos to her for that one. i didn't see that coming. i personally believe that appropriate communication is key for almost all scenarios. while she's explaining the situation to oliver, who still knows more than her at this point, she gets a call from the mother of the kid that got assaulted by larry the night before. they rush over to her place and find a traumatized boy who stopped speaking ever since. the kid eventually comes around and tells the full story of what happened that night, and that he lied about oliver being the perpetrator. he tried to kill me, something unnatural is happening, whether you can explain it or not. and whatever happens is somehow related to the story of larry and the tablet. oliver's status brought home. even though it is still likely hard to believe that a supernatural monster is trying to get your son, this is not the time to head back home and pack your stuff. it's been only a couple of hours since you have heard menacing footsteps inside this very house. why would you even consider coming back here? besides, your friend's kid just told you half an hour ago that he almost got killed by an invisible monster that calls himself larry, i don't think you have thought this through. can anybody please tell this woman to stop leaving her autistic eight-year-old son behind? you shouldn't even be here in the first place. and if for some reason jesus himself has ordered you to visit that house, you want to make it as quick as possible without leaving your son out of sight. that's exactly what i'm talking about. but this kid here is so lonely he actually takes the bait. if that was me, i would have frozen in terror. come to think of it. larry, might be only targeting lonely people to begin with. and if that's the case, then oliver needs a real friend asap. but to be fair, using the camera of the tablet is a smart idea and seemingly the only way to see larry. we still don't know how larry exists or how he travels, but if throwing away all your electronic devices doesn't help you shielding off this school-like thing, then you would have just thrown away the only means that would allow you to actually see him. if larry can only be seen through screens of electronic devices, night vision goggles or smart glasses might be a great fit. walking around holding your phone with stretched out arms is a bad choice, since it limits your ability to defend yourself. and barehandedly fighting larry seems to be rather unrealistic. for now, i'm strongly leaning towards getting rid of all electronic devices and do some research at the father's place. oliver's mom tries her best to tell him about the strange events taking place. i guess talking about flickering light bulbs while turning on and off the lights as a reference might not be the most convincing strategy. how about looking into his eyes, tell him that there is something seriously wrong, and it has something to do with the tablet he has brought home a few days ago. sometimes to get across a message, tough measures must be taken, playing poltergeist isn't one of them. predictably, the conversation about the kid's safety shifts into a power play between the parents. although he isn't entirely wrong about the sleep thing. being overly exhausted is a bad basis for fighting paranormal phenomena. but the worst thing they could have done at this point was splitting up. she should have insisted on staying together until they have figured out a better solution. we cut back to the parking lot where oliver's dad is practicing his challenging duty. everything is all fun and play, until he pulls out the tablet. completely ignoring his son's concerns and the moms rant from before. he tells oliver not to worry and promises to protect him. a full second later, he leaves him behind to pick up some tools from the car. i am no parent counselor, but i'm pretty sure oliver's safety is best kept when being in your sight at all times, whether you believe it's a monster that is after your son or a human creep? i don't think it makes a big difference in how you handle things. meanwhile, oliver walks happily into the dark parking lot, completely ignoring the fact that an invisible monster is trying to murder him. i'm starting to think that those people just don't give a f- can somebody please tell this guy to stop talking to his son as if he were a pet? he starts to remind me of the moronic blonde girl in scary movie 4. let's get in those ears. as the dad checks out the empty parking lot through the camera of the tablet for the longest period ever, his son gets strangled in the background. that took a while. at least he gets it now. i just don't think he will make it to the ending. with more luck than brain, they make it back home, where they finally start to discuss what larry is and how they can beat him. that was about time oliver, for once, makes a smart move and draws larry's existence onto paper. i am not sure what to do with that information yet, but perhaps breaking the windows, ie screens of each device is a logical conclusion that prevents larry from entering the real world. but something just doesn't make sense here. if larry can't get to oliver yet, then how did he almost kill him an hour ago? he clearly can engage in physical interaction with this world, so why would he need to enter this world in completion first? the only possible reason that i can think of is that larry doesn't want to kill nor harm anyone. he truly just wants a friend. and for that, it seems like he must enter this world first in order to be able to carry over someone to his realm. if that's the case, then the best and quickest way to beat larry would have been to never read his story in the first place. but since that has already happened and the connection has been established, getting rid of all electronic devices would be the next best thing. but that would mean you can never get too close to any electronic devices ever again, which is just not a feasible solution in this day and age. the next day, oliver's mom confronts his therapist with the story of larry. yeah, i kid you not. this woman legit thought that that would be a good idea if i were that therapist, i would have called child support quicker than this woman can spell larry. to be honest, apart from close relatives and very good friends, i doubt that anyone would ever take you seriously if you shared this story. well, we're hoping that that's over now, because we destroyed that thing. the way she's proudly saying that they have destroyed that thing makes me want to throw up. she doesn't seem to realize that each and every smartphone screen is a possible door for larry to climb through. the story of larry made this abundantly clear though. at school, oliver and his former friend byron reconnect. through the incidents that happened with larry, oliver realizes that it was his mom's fault, and that byron and he broke their friendship off because of her. yep, this woman sure as hell won't get the mvp in this movie. but seeing oliver forming a friendship with another kid makes me wonder if that's a possible way to beat larry. after all, larry only targets lonely people. so perhaps getting out of that lonely bubble might shifts away larry's intention in wanting you as a friend. but it could also be the case that once larry chooses you to become his bff, it doesn't matter if you suddenly join the football club. enough talk. i think it's time to get rid of some characters. oliver's dad gets haunted by larry, proving that larry can look through any device with a screen. and come think of it, it makes total sense. if smartphone screens or actual windows connecting larry's realm with ours, then that would mean that his realm is actual electricity, and that he travels through electromagnetic fields. that would explain the electric interferences whenever larry is present. if that theory turns out to be true, then that would mean that anything capable and shielding of electromagnetic radiation would shield off larry as well. i don't know about y'all, but i'm getting my tinfoil hats ready. i don't know how he escaped the situation, but, oh boy, aren't these people lucky. he even finds a way to lock in the creep just bad he moves through electricity. huh? while i agree it is dangerous to jump out of a moving vehicle, having a monster on your passenger seat is just as discomforting. the only chance oliver's dad had in this situation was to stop the car and run into the woods to a place far off any electricity. it also confused me at first as to why he would go back to work so quickly after the events of the past few days. but that wasn't necessarily a bad thing to do. distraction often helps coping with traumatizing events. but sending your son to school while not being supervised, on the other hand, wasn't as smart. all three of them should have sticked together for at least a few days, just to make sure that things have gone back to normal again. after they had destroyed the tablet. oliver's mom gets a call about her husband having been involved in a car crash, and remains unresponsive. she inevitably understands that larry isn't bound to any specific device and gets back in where larry talks to her through the tv. he's saying that he won't stop until they finish reading his story. that's a pretty needy monster, this larry. he then goes on about how the world only looks at their screens and not each other, and that that loneliness itself creates him. i think what he's trying to say is, get a life. how do you think i would feel if larry took all of her i love how she's trying to reason herself out of this situation, but i don't think larry gives a f- she then attempts to rip off the tv from the wall and throws it onto the streets, along with any other electronic devices she finds. heck, she even goes as far as to screw out each and every light bulb. i like how she suddenly becomes so thorough in her actions, but perhaps switching off the fuse box would have been quicker. if larry needs electricity to exist, turning off the juice at the source is the best solution. can you just be normal for one second? meanwhile, oliver has lost his mind? but to be fair, those flickering lights almost cost me a seizure when i was watching the movie. i know that this is a stressful situation, but can we not forget that this is all her fault. if she didn't lie about his only friend not wanting to be his friend anymore, larry wouldn't even have appeared in this household. the key to success in this movie was literally to accept this one kid the way he is while treating him as normal as possible, without making him feel like he's an alien. the crazy thing here is that the whole neighborhood just suffered a complete outage, yet larry seems to be still chilling around here. either we made a mistake in our theory, or larry is about to fully enter this world and the interference grows so strong that the local circuit completely overloaded. looks like that seems to be the case. hey, at least you can see him now with naked eyes. this would be a good time to start wearing your tin foil hats. the truth is, none of them has put in the slightest effort in understanding what larry is or how he can be beaten. knowing that he travels through electromagnetic fields and is closely related to those is a pretty big hint. after finding that out, they should have contacted the nearest physics professor. while he probably would not have believed them neither, he could have still given them valuable information on how all of that stuff works. but it's too late for that now. and no, hiding under your bed will not save you from larry's entitlement of becoming your friend. i don't want to be as smart as but the first thing i would have done after seeing this is pouring a bucket of water over larry and see what happens. if larry is made out of electric radiation, then he shouldn't be able to get to you when you are inside a faraday cage. while living inside such a cage might not be possible 24 7, it should be possible to have one ready inside your house for whenever larry starts creeping again, kind of like emergency bunkers and sellers of certain houses. obviously, bringing in electronic devices would cancel the cage's ability to keep you safe. but if larry has a period of excessive desires of wanting to become your friend again, and he just won't leave anymore, perhaps a propane stove and other non-electronic survival gear would be best kept inside this cage at all times, along with some canned food and water reserves. oliver and his mom don't have that luxury though, and need to do the next best thing, escape to a place where there are no immediate electric sources around. they make it to the field where oliver got bullied earlier in the movie, but lost his phone somewhere in the tall grass. through this device, larry appears and chases down both. in the end, oliver's mom sacrifices herself and becomes larry's friend instead of oliver. good luck to larry. let's recap and see how they could have acted differently. larry first appeared sometime after oliver has lost his only friend, byron, and thus became very socially isolated. this caused him to suffer from severe loneliness. this loneliness attracted larry. the movie also told us that byron and oliver were pretty close friends, and that that small fight which they had would have never caused them to break off their friendship. the movie depicts quite well from the start that oliver's mom struggles a lot with oliver's condition. if i wouldn't know better, i think she would have been the better candidate to enter therapy. if she could have handled her insecurities better, she would have never caused oliver to lose his only friend, which, in return, would have never resulted in larry targeting oliver. after larry has appeared, there were several events that shed light on what larry is oliver's mom herself told oliver's therapist midway through the movie that larry traveled through electricity, which turned out to be true. if she had this knowledge in her hand, she could have taken appropriate measurements to prevent any further damage done by larry. for instance, prepare tinfoil armory and tinfoil spares. if you have better ideas on how to beat larry, let me know in the comments. if you have enjoyed this video, leave a like and subscribe. thank you very much. and bye, bye. 