great angels will always be a part of riverdale. i love you so much, dad, father, not you understood. agent ordelia, welcome home. jj, you're under arrest for what? for conducting illegal activities at your establishment. charles, your brother, it's vital that we find your mom asap. is there anything we can do to help hermione lodge, you're under arrest for conspiracy to commit murder. your own husbands. guys are thinking about making some changes to this place, mad dog. i want you to help me run it. oh yeah. this is what i got when i asked my dad about that stupid game. my team's been investigating edgar avenue for quite some time now. we had someone on the inside. what were you doing in there? i was praying you should go to stonewall practice. my mother is an fbi informant. charles, what if that means she's been found out? look me in the eye and tell me you don't want to go to a school that recognizes your talent. the lodge name is tainted, but my mother's maiden name gomez. i think i could work with that. hey, are you forsythe yeah. brett weston wallace, mr chipping asked me to roll out the red carpet. but i did see edgar and betty. he's armed. anchor's digging in. he's getting ready for war. what did you say? we're gonna turn this place into a community center. red jughead moose. what the hell? wait, are you my roommate? mia? i'm not paying for your crimes. i told the world what you are. deal with it. that's so much for a new start. i think you'd make an excellent candidate for the junior fbi training program. no one is safe here. is that really the town that you want to invest are you warming up to our half brother now? yeah, kind of. i'm just glad that charles was there for you. actually considering fighting crime in those tights? are you? of course not. i'm gonna need a mask. hey, your days of exploiting kids to do your dirty work ends tonight. who's julian? julian was to be your triplet. you had absorbed the third one. that the doll's back. the spirit of julian is haunting thistle house. what other explanation could there possibly be? did you happen to know my grandfather? your grandfather was an excellent writer. you see, our father needed help our father. beings, kids, they're good kids, right? we're thinking maybe the bulldogs could be like big brothers tonight. we don't actually know anything about charles. i'm interested in is he a serial killer or not? leave town. but the next time we meet, you won't be driving away. you won't even be walking. you're dead. man. you hear me? thank you for meeting with me. mr dupont. i wanted to talk to you about the first book in the baxter brothers series. you didn't write. it was written by my grandfather. i am excited to fulfill a lifelong dream of mine and announce my candidacy for mayor. you're very lucky i don't take you to the headmaster and get you expelled. uh. cricket. uncle bedford, are you okay? i'm sorry, jughead then i couldn't help you. sure. i'll go bedford. you are going away for a long, long time. chef. are you monster? i will be taking over. mr chipping seminar, you want to fight me again? don't you need to put your mask on first. gotta get into a hospital. now that the trials are over, i think it's time to let bygones be bygones. you know what i think, carrot top? i think you've got a hero complex with him. i wanted to ask you about grandpa. do you know he was a writer? my old man wasn't a writer. he was a mean, mean drunk. i have invited your father back. i can't believe you. we were done with him. what is this? six hours of our house. why would somebody do that? film it and then leave the evidence on the front doorstep? you two are trying to cover up something about mr. chipping suicide. it wasn't a murderer. you were there. jones, no one pushed him out that window. i killed the caramel. no, betty, that wasn't you. that was your deeply screwed up death. see those people over there? they're dodger's family. i'm not sure what you're here for, but you and your boys need to leave. we've got kids here. we don't want any trouble. you've reached the riverdale hotline. if you wish to report a problem in your neighborhood, leave a message. anonymity is your choice. we're here to help. someone is trying to drive me mad. but once i find out who this depraved monster is, i will unleash a wrath upon them. you 