before we start, warning, spoilers ahead. today, i am going to recap a 2011 thailand drama biographic movie called the billionaire. this movie tells the story of a young entrepreneur in building his snack empire, tau ke noe. he was determined to establish the company to help his parents pay off their debts. so what are the problems that he faced now? can he have achieved it? let's find it out. at the start of the movie, we are introduced to top, a 19 year old boy who wants to take a loan of 10 million thailand, or around 300 000 usd, to make a factory. the bank manager asked him the reason he should lend the money. he then explained about his history. when in high school, he loves to play games and get a lot of money from it. he starts with sailing and in-game item for 12 000. but then he buys a car by selling more rare items. his parents don't agree about it and ask him to focus on high school. after graduating, he fails in getting into a public university. but he doesn't care about it, and continues to play games. due to the ease of getting the money, he spends it lavishly on electronics. one day, his parents asked him to apply for a private university, which is expensive. he also overhears his parents complaining about facing a financial problem. he cannot help them because his game account has been blocked due to commercial activities, and he doesn't have much savings left. determined to help his parents, he tries to resell dvd players with his remaining savings. unfortunately, he fails because he was tricked by the supplier. seeing that top has failed, his father recommends him to enter university and abandon his business. father gives him money to enter the private university, but he refuses because he doesn't want to be dependent on his troubled parents. at night, he steals one of father's jewelry and pounds it with a promise that he will buy it back later. he uses the money to enter a private university. while studying, top skips his class and goes to a food processor exhibition. there, he rented a automatic peanut cooker to open a new business. he learns how to cook peanuts from a seller and implements it. turns out his food is delicious. then top and his uncle open a tenant in a mail there, they fail because there is no customer buying. after trying several location, cells go up, and top starts to hire some stuff. top's girlfriend reminds him to come back and focus on his study, but he is still determined on building a business. because of his absence, he dropped out of his university. to add to his problem, his business also fails because the smoke from the peanut cooking process pollutes the meal. his parents asked him to go to china with them to start a new life. however, he is still determined to be a businessman and pay his family's debt so that they may stay in thailand. after some consideration, his parents leave him and go to china. then top finds that his house has been collateralized for a bank loan and is about to be seized. when he is failing down, he meets girlfriend who is angry because he hasn't been replying to her messages. while he is taking her home, she brings out dried seaweed that she bought from overseas. the seaweed is delicious, and he wants to sell this product for his next business. he asks a professor on how to preserve the fried seaweed in a package. professor explains that he has to use a vacuum machine to stock the oxygen out of the package and kill the bacteria. determined to start his new business, he sells his automatic peanut cooker and buys a new materials and tools. unluckily, his first attempt fails. the fried seaweed always tasted bitter. he sells his electronics to buy more raw seaweed. even though uncle frequently persuades stopped to follow his parents to china, he still doesn't lose hope in establishing a business. during their attempt at making a delicious recipe, uncle got into an accident and had to be hospitalized. hospitalized that night, a package fell on the floor and rain poured on it. top continues his attempt without uncle, but also made no luck. when he runs out of stock, he tries to fry the rain-drenched seaweed. he finds the seaweed delicious because of the water moisture inside the package. he brings it to uncle, and uncle also likes it. after uncle has recovered, he start to sell the fried seaweed and succeed top seeds a personal sales target of 1 billion baht a year. when his parents call, he finds out that the family's debt is actually 40 million baht, or 1.2 million usd. he got disparate because of the shocking number. he listens to some motivational records to boost his moral and gets back to his feet when visiting 7 11, he realizes that he can steal his snacks in the shop to boost his the next day, he visits 711's office and pitches his product to the director. the director rejects his proposal because his package design is so poor and the price is too expensive. once more, faced with disappointment, girlfriend tries to cheer him up and says that her parents can help this financial problem due to his integrity, he rejects the offer. the next day, top asked a local designer to design his products. wrap. designer says that the products name tau ke noi, which means is good enough and needs to adjustment. after he repackages his product, he brings it to the office once more to show the director. however, the director is very busy that day, and he is left waiting. he finally surrenders and gives his snack to the officer security. he also calls mother to inform that he is coming to china. luckily, his product is loved by 7-eleven stuff. the office invites top to an appointment with the boards. in the meeting, the director comments him for making a delicious snack. the director also adds that he has to produce 72 000 packages for 6000 branches to be a partner. his factory will also be inspected for hygiene corners. he agrees to the requirements and come to a bank. turns out he applies for a 10 million baht loan to fund his new factory. the bank manager congratulates him for making it so far, but he rejects top proposal because he is still 19 years old and his family has a huge debt. again, this time, top stills pushes forward. he uses his parents old shop, which is in the process of being confiscated by the bank. he sells his car to fill his new factory and hires new stuff. when he is stopping his finds that his girlfriend is already with someone else. he is saddened because his girlfriend was so kind and caring. after much preparation, the factory is ready and the director comes with an inspector. they are unsatisfied with the factory sanitization and see that top is unfit. the director says that they will discuss first, and the result will be sent later, after they have fixed a factory problem. top gets approval from the detector. he is overjoyed and ramps up his production to meet the required number. when preparing for delivery, top hugs uncle and expresses his gratitude. he also says that if they fail again, this time he will follow his parents. will to study and live in china, because he has sold everything for the business. when he arrives at the warehouse, the warehouse manager says that his delivery is one hour later and cannot be accepted. he begs to him and says that he has sacrificed a lot for this. the warehouse manager pities him and accepts his packages. feeling relieved, he calls his parents to say that they can finally come home to thailand. at the end of the movie, we are informed that, two years after the cooperation with 7 11, top pays of his parents debt of 40 million baht and can reoccupy the house together. top also applies for a loan of 400 million, but to expand his factory. in 2010, top has 2500 employees. he sends his products to six thousand seven eleven branches and exports his seaweed snacks to 27 countries around the world. top also owns a seaweed plantation in south korea and generates 1.5 billion part in sales at the age of 26 years old. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notification and leave a like and comment to help the channel out. thank you for watching. 