[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spider-man. and the mind-bending ending of Avengers endgame has just gotten a whole lot more confusing. with the film now alpha release on blu-ray in the u.s. many people have begun asking questions surrounding a big plot element from the finale. and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down what the screenwriters of the film have said in regards to it. I just want to get the intro out the way as quickly as possible. so if you're one of the people who've got dusted during the snap and haven't had a chance to watch the film yet, then I highly suggest that you turn off now, because, yeah, there will be heavy spoilers ahead. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into my breakdown over whether Steve Rogers is the father of Peggy Carr as kids. okay, so the ending of Avengers endgame deals with a lot of time. you why me wibbly-wobbly stuff, with Steve Rogers traveling back to the past to live out his life with his long-lost, loved agent, Peggy Carter. there's been some back and forth between the writers and directors, both disagreeing with one another heavily. the Russo brothers, in a recent interview that I covered on the channel, said that Steve travelled back in time and had a life with Peggy Carter, which created an alternate timeline. and at the end of the film, he used a Pym particle to jump back to the bench to see Sam and Bucky. this kind of lines up with the rules of the film and the paradoxes that exist within it. however, in a recent interview with thr, Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely said the following, it was always our intention that he was the father of those two children. there are time travel loopholes for that. it does introduce the idea that there are two children who have somewhat super-soldier DNA. so according to them, from the beginning, it was always the intention that Steve Rogers would end up with Peggy Carter. and if he go back and re-watch the First Avenger, there are clearly seed sown there that come to fruition. and Avengers endgame where this gets confusing though is that it directly contradicts what the Russo brothers have said. and at this point, the film almost becomes a kind of choose-your-own-adventure thing, with there being two possibilities over what could have. and if this is the case, and that means that Steve Rogers travel back to the past and hid in the background, not interfering with any of the events, as he knew it would cause more alternate realities to spring off. so yeah, Steve Rogers, Captain America, pretty much let 9/11 happen and did nothing. it adds a lot more confusion to the timeline and create its own alternate realities in our world, where we're gonna have people thinking that Steve didn't cause alternate timelines, and others who think he did. if he didn't, it indeed means that time is cyclical, and that what will happen directly affects the past. and everything is a big loop where the future changes the past. and look, I don't want to bog this video down. basically, you need a PhD. in theoretical physics to understand it. personally, I do actually align myself more with the side that say Steve stayed in the past and remained in the main timeline. as I find this ending sort of ties everything up nicer. well, we don't get a version of reality in which Peggy Carr I didn't get to be with their long-lost love. but I understand why some people disagree with that way of thinking. it also means that Steve didn't need to use the quantum tunnel again, which, as we know from the film, doesn't happen, at least on screen. obviously. I'd love to hear your thoughts on this whole thing. do you side with the Russos or the writers? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and make sure you check out my breakdown of the casting. news that Jackie Chan is the discussions to join the MCU, which would be linked at the end. any I got over which character he's rumored to be playing and their history. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more. if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me. and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. I also just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of John wick 3 on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave it thoughts on this new theory in the comment section below. the one will be chosen at random on September the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck that everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 