hey guys. explanation pros here. today i'll explain a horror fantasy film titled goosebumps. spoilers incoming. the film opens with a mother and son from new york moving to madison, delaware. the mother, gail, is taking a job as vice principal in this small town, while zach has no choice but to follow where his mother will work. after being welcomed by his aunt lorraine in their house, zach unloads the boxes from the car. while taking the boxes to the house, zach meets his new neighbor, hannah, and briefly talks with her. after that, hannah's father appears, telling zach to stay away. inside the house, zach tells her mom and aunt about the rude neighbor. zach immediately goes to his room to watch a camera recording of his and his father's time together. in the next scene, gail delivers her son to the new school. zack tells her that she should at least give him a minute to walk off, so that the other kids will not see him related to the vice principal. afterwards, the students gather in the gym to meet the new vice principal. after sitting beside him. champ, called chump by his crush, introduces himself to zack. later that day, hannah talks to zach while he is throwing away garbage. zach tells her that he has not seen her at school, and hannah replies that she's homeschooled. hannah then invites zach to follow her, leading him to an abandoned amusement park deep inside the woods. upon lighting the whole place up, hannah and zach climbed in a moving ferry's wheel to sit on one of its compartments. they then bond together while atop the ferry's wheel. afterwards, they go home, with zach thanking hannah for the experience. however, hannah's father reappears again to warn zak to stay away from them. the same night, while he is studying, zach overhears hannah arguing with her father. after the argument seems to have turned for the worse, zach immediately rushes to the house next door to come rescue hannah. however, upon opening the door, hannah's father tells zach that there was no scream. immediately closing it after, zach then heads to his mother, telling gail that hannah might be in trouble, but gail is more concerned about who hannah is. zak then calls the police on his mother's phone. afterward, the police arrive at hannah's residence for a possible domestic disturbance. hannah's father tells them an excuse, and the police accept this. they are about to leave when they hear a scream. hannah's father reveals that he's just watching a movie with surround sounds. however, zack insists that hannah is in trouble, to which the police decide to take him out of the house. gail reprimands zack for filing a false report. while the police think that zach is on drugs, a furious zack leaves the scene. later on, gail has to leave zach at the house because she has to supervise the school's dance, which is why aunt lorraine comes back to watch zach. while lorraine is talking, zach is fuming about what happened earlier. however, he sees the silhouettes of hannah and her father, proving that hannah is indeed at the house. because of this, zach tells his aunt not to disturb him because he will study all night in his room. he is actually escaping to talk to jam. champ is on his way to the dance when he gets stopped by zack, who tells champ to follow him. after following, champ gets disappointed that there are no girls, and zack tells him that he needs help rescuing one in a psychopath's house. he then tells chant that he called hannah's father to go to the police station. after seeing hannah's father leave in a car, the two proceed to break into the basement of the unguarded house. zach enters alone because champ is supposed to be on the lookout. however, champ follows zach because he's scared of being alone outside. after zach lectures champ that he's not going to die, they noticed that the basement is full of bear traps. after safely maneuvering through the bear traps, the two proceeded to enter the house's dining room. they then climbed the stairs to the second floor, heading straight to the dark room where hannah is supposed to be. after hearing a noise, they stumble upon a collection of locked goosebumps books, with champ insisting on opening it, just then hannah comes swinging at them with a baseball bat. hannah asks if they have opened a book, and zach replies yes, taking the unlocked book, however, hannah shouts not to open it, but it still gets opened. upon opening it, the book summons the creature within it, the abominable snowman of pasadena. at first, the monster explores the objects in the house, but champ accidentally knocks over a lamp, turning the monster's attention towards him. champ screams while the monster rushes at him, but champ gets saved by zack. the monster comes following out of the house. hannah and zach and champ follow the monster. meanwhile, another book gets unlocked. despite champ's protest that it is dangerous, zack still follows hannah. zak and champ follow her to an ice rink where they see hannah standing in the middle of it with the book. after the monster emerges from above, hannah unlocks the book, alarming the monster. the monster manages to swipe the book away. after zak successfully secures the book away from the monster, they run again, but they manage to knock the monster down by closing the door at it but like the undertaker, it quickly regains consciousness. the monster desperately tries to reach them, destroying the glass that separates it from the gang. just as the monster is about to reach them, it turns to wink, showing that hannah's father is behind the monster with an open book. the monster then gets sucked into the book. after this, hannah's father shouts at them to get in his car. inside the car, hannah's father reiterates his warning to zack, telling him that he could have at least chosen another much easier book. zack then realizes that he is r.l stein, the order of the goosebump books. but stein denies this. zack then monk stein's writing that he's a tryhard stefan king this comet anger, stein telling him that it's the other way around. but because of this, he just outright admitted that he is indeed r.l stein. after getting to their house, stein tells them to forget about what happened, telling his daughter afterward to start packing because they're moving again. zach and champ sneak inside the house again, with zach confronting stein to explain how something like this is happening due to bullying. he created his creatures as his friends when he was just a child. however, the monsters inadvertently became real. when the father and daughter climb to the room of the disheveled goosebump books, they find one book open. the creature released is slappy the dummy, a creepy ventriloquist doll. sloppy ass stein what they should do. but upon realizing that stein wants to pull him back to his book, slappy gets angry. because of this, slappy burns the book where he came from and escapes, taking all of stein's book with him. slappy then opens and subsequently burns two books. one of the books summons living gnomes. the creepy gnomes then attack stein and the kids from all sides. while they defeat the gnomes immediately by shattering them, the gnomes became whole again. after getting broken, stein and the kids head to the basement and then outside, locking the gnomes inside the house. they then see that sloppy burns the box after opening them, making them impossible to return. slappy is releasing monsters left and right while driving hastily through the town. slappy then stops by the police station to freeze the police officers with mr freeze looking creatures. stein and the kids drive through the destroyed town. zach tells stein to write a single manuscript to capture all the creatures. stein then tells him that he needs a special typewriter. he then tells zach that is stored in the local school. meanwhile, the students at the school are having a party. in the next scene, the gang heads to the school. while discussing the lack of signal, they get briefly attacked by the invisible boy, before stein manages to leave it behind. however, afterwards, they encounter another monster, a giant mantis. the mantis chases them through the town. they then reach a supermarket, but their car accidentally flips over. luckily, they escape to the supermarket before the mantis dismantles the vehicle. hannah then tells zach that they can reach the school by cutting through the cemetery. after knowing that hannah sneaks in every night, stein grounds her. they then keep moving, with champ taking a bottle of soda. they then encounter a wolf man, but it gets alarmed when champ opens up his soda. the gang splits up to escape the wolf man. stein attempts to hide his scent by putting a ludicrous amount of body spray, but he still stinks. the gang manages to get outside of the supermarket, but they eventually get cornered by the wolf man. just as the wolf man is approaching them, it gets hit by aunt lorraine's car. stein momentarily thanks lorraine for saving them. at the same time, an attraction forms between them. the gang then head to the cemetery. in the cemetery, stein asks champ's name, and champ replies that it's short for champion. on the other hand, zach and lorraine flirt around. as they are about to kiss, lorraine suddenly glows under the full moon, confusing zach. however, this gets cut short when ghouls start appearing from everywhere. luckily, they escape. meanwhile, lorraine gets frozen in the police station. zack pulls stein aside upon reaching the school, asking him if hannah doesn't know she's real. steinden says that hannah is real to him as she eases stein's loneliness in the world. shortly after, hannah arrives to tell her father that they found his typewriter. stein then separates from the group to find some place to write. the three, on the other hand, will attempt to warn the partying students. zack meets gail, asking her to tell the students to barricade the school. champ gets a hold of the microphone and passes it to zack. zack then tells the audience that monsters have invaded them, but he gets mocked by a student. the same student, however, gets pulled by the mantis from earlier outside. slappy watches the destruction unfold, while the gnomes open every book in an attempt to buy signs from time to write. the students barricade each exit. the summoned monsters, on the other hand, charge toward the school to kill stein. monsters of various shapes and sizes manage to break through the entrance. while this is happening, champ sees his crush about to be attacked by the wolf man. champ gets over his cowardice, holding the wolf man off. after managing to fight the wolfman off, his crush hugs and then kisses him. meanwhile, stein gets attacked by slappy just as he is about to finish, breaking his fingers in the process, after hearing an announcement to evacuate the storage room. stein zach hannah run to get there, but not before encountering monsters. giant plans. they managed to fight them off. however, champ sees that hannah is a ghost, but zack tells him he doesn't care. the students manage to reach the storage room. while panic ensues, stein is the idea to sacrifice himself because he is the monster's target. however, zack also has an idea. afterward. stein gets to a school bus and drives away, luring the monsters away from the school. the mantis catches the bus, flipping it to its side. however, the bus is actually just a decoy, an explosive one. stein is actually driving another bus with the kids seeing the explosion, they celebrate because the plan worked. they eventually stopped by the abandoned amusement park. with stein's fingers broken, he dictates the remaining story to zack. they decide to do it inside the fun house. meanwhile, the monsters return to life after the explosion. while the wolf man is being instructed by slappy to follow stein's scent while writing the remaining story in the fun house, as dictated by stein, slappy appears out of nowhere. sloppy goes in the monologue about how stein neglected him within the pages of a book. slappy then releases a monster he's been saving, the blob that ate everyone. they then head to the ferry's wheel. stein instructs zach to finish the manuscript while he holds the blob off. shortly after, the blob captures stein. after noticing that the manuscript is not in stein's hands. the monster converged to the ferry's wheel just then zack finishes the book. however, the mantis knocks the ferris wheel off its stand, making it roll with the kids inside. finally, the wheel gets stuck in between two trees. hannah didn't tell zach that he needs to open the book because all the monsters are fast approaching. zach realizes that all monsters mean that hannah will be gone as well. so he tries to explain what will happen to hannah. hannah, however, already knows that she was a monster a long time ago. as monsters approach them, zach hesitates to do it, but hannah opens the book. the monsters get sucked inside the book, with zack holding hannah so she wouldn't get sucked in. however, zack must let go, and hannah kisses him for the first and last time before disappearing into the book. in the next scene, students flock to the school as everything seems to be back to normal. gail delivers zac again to school, but zack wants to go in with his mom this time. meanwhile, stein enters the class with his girlfriend, lorraine. stein is now an english teacher. while walking away, stein reveals that he has written another book, thus returning his daughter hannah. the film ends with stein seeing his typewriter being used by the invisible boy. thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and also subscribe to my channel for more videos like this. see you in the next video. 