welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your house definition. and this episode we are going on the serac attack as we break down why the big villain in wess world will lose. Ciroc has quickly become a fascinating figure, but the more time that we've spent with him, the more we've learned he has one humongous floor. throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down what that is and why it will ultimately lead to his undoing. obviously, false spoilers here for Westworld season 3. so if you haven't watched up to episode 6 yet, then you need to disappear faster than serac when someone thinks they've killed him. make sure you subscribe to the channel, but breakdowns like this every day. and please smash the thumbs up button like sir axe smash Dempsey's head in. if you enjoy the video. I'll stop with the Ciroc jokes now. anyway, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of why we thinks Iraq will ultimately lose. okay, so Soraka is a pretty mysterious figure that feels like he's an enigma wrapped within a mystery wrapped within a hologram, there's very little that we actually know about him. but throughout the series, we have learned tiny tidbits of information about his past. before we get into his massive flaw, we have to discuss his backstory, as this all kind of ties into who he is and why he's developed this lodge weakness. firstly, anger and Ciroc, which Homer pronounced right, don't kill me. spent most of his childhood in Paris with his brother, shun me. during the annihilation of the city, the two are playing on the outskirts of the location, and thus they avoided the nuke that was dropped upon it. this they massively shaped the character. and it was during this that he realized the true enemy of humanity was humanity itself. was created out of greed, in despair, hate and Prejudice. and this started him and his brother off in the path of creating a means to save the human race from itself. together, they created Rehoboam, a machine that took all of the data on humanity collected before privacy laws came into place, and then predicted the path that our species would take. using this data, it created an algorithm that would put each person on the planet on a path that would make the species elevate as a whole. it was able to successfully predict the stock market. and the pair's business partner, Liam dancey senior, was blown away by this. in the end, it allowed the sax dempsey to a massive fortune. however, the machine's predictions always had a snack, a problem once they reached a certain point that showed humanity was doomed. Rehoboam had identified anomalies, outliers that it was unable to predict. and serac view these as problems. thus he started to abduct them. he placed them into reeducation centers that will completely change their memories. and even went so far as putting his brother into one to serac stay that. this is because he planned on killing dempsey senior, and thus he had to be removed from society. however, in a shocking twist, serac himself killed the business mogul and covered his death up with a plane crash. this is because Liam threatened to expose surak's experiments. and since then, serac has ruled the world from the shadows. and slowly he has become the richest man on earth. he has used his knowledge of Rehoboam to wipe out all trace of his existence. and he silently works away, saving the human race from itself. we album correctly predicted that the host would start an uprising in West world. and it also successfully guessed just how much of a problem that Dolores would be and identified flaws within Delos, namely Charlotte Hale and games to Rack strategies on how to acquire the company through its stocks and shares. overall, serac and his machine seemed invincible, and that's exactly why they're so flawed. serac thinks the machine is a god. now, sir axe, biggest problem is that he believes Rehoboam is always right. and that is his blind spot. though it has correctly predicted a lot of things, that doesn't mean it's right all the time. now this kind of ties back into the mirror world theory in some ways, and we'll just kind of be discussing how it does make mistakes. in episode three, Dolores told Caleb that Rehoboam had created a mirror world in which it runs a simulation that shows how events will play out, and it uses these to predict the future. now we have already theorized that. we were given a hint of this with Charlotte Hale Loras, who, in the very same episode, watched back a message that the original Hale left for a son upon believing that she would die. she watched it two times. and yeah, you have to pay close attention to this, as the raw, ever-so-slight dialog changes in both messages. you wanted me to sing you a song Kentucky went missing. you our song the night that I left. you wanted me to tuck you in just gives home or so. [Music]. okay, so they're probably 90% the same, but they do differ in subtle ways that indicate they're both different messages. and thus it is possible that theorize that one is in the mirror world simulation, whilst the other isn't. what this hints at is that Rehoboam gets a lot of things right, but I can still get things wrong. this was made more evident in Episode six when serac identified hale as a host by stating that the real one would never take time to check in on a son. I think this is wrong, and clearly from the message that she left in what could have been her death, she did care for him. deep down. I think that in the face of the world collapsing, she would have checked in on him too. but serac believes that his machine completely understands humanity, and therefore it doesn't get things wrong. so he incorrectly assumes that Hale would never check in on her son. and though he does house - hey loris, it does play his hand and shows he puts too much faith in it when it can be incorrect. now I don't know if you've seen devs or not, so I won't spoil too much of it. but basically, in that a CEO of a tech company has created a similar machine to Rehoboam that seemingly can predict the future. he believes it to be a God that is always right. and the show asks whether we actually have free will or not. in that he resigns himself to the fact that he doesn't, thus he can't make choices. and I believe that this is carried across with Ciroc to some extent, as he thinks the machine is flawless. we've already seen firsthand that Rehoboam can be wrong, as it shouldn't. join me for wishing to kill dempsey senior, yet let's serac do it anyway, or or it didn't. and he exercised the choice. serac himself realized he needed to take Dempsey senior out, and he disobeyed the machine, showing that it can be wrong, or the machine told him to do it, and it provided a contradictory strategy. I'm leaning more towards to the former. as Dempsey said, he knew he would be fine at the meeting, but it does show that there are flaws within it. and deep down to Rack knows this too. as a whole, though serac still puts all his faith firmly into Rehoboam, still knowing that sometimes humanity must make its own choices, and yet he dooms the rest of us to follow in its plan. now, I may be way off with this next part, but I do you think that the evidence is there? actually believe that Rehoboam isn't necessarily a full prediction algorithm. and instead, I think all that it does is identify people who may be problems in order to keep the world safe. sure, it runs scenarios, but as we've already shown, these can be wrong. instead, all Rehoboam really does is avert the world from war by identifying people that are unpredictable. and then serac takes these people, we educates them and puts them back into society. all it's basically doing is, well, I'll imagine you got on a train home one night and there was a gang there. there is a chance that they could mug you, but there's also a chance that they won't, and there just leave you alone. now, being in that situation, I'm sure most people would just want to avoid the chance of being mugged. and if they could take the gang out of the equation, even though there is potential there that they won't actually do it, that is how robbing works on a grand scale. serac is traumatized by the childhood tragedy that he encountered, and he's basically removing all possibility of the world going to war by getting rid of anyone that could be a problem. now, a lot of these people would probably go on to be fine and not cause anything bad to happen, but they can't be predicted. and serac doesn't want to take that chance. his biggest flaw is that he doesn't let humanity live up to its full potential. instead, people are given roles and forced into them. when companies are hiring they're given data by Rehoboam, and they don't hire anyone that looks like they may be a problem. and thus people like Caleb are forced to stay stuck in their loops. so rack does not believe that anyone can strive beyond the position that Rehoboam is picked for them. however, if it's one thing that we've learned from Westworld time and time again, it's that the people or hosts often can. I think this is why, upon learning their path, so many people threw off the handle. they knew that they could be more than what the Machine had predicted them to be, but they're not gonna get the opportunity. we often hear a rags-to-riches stories and billionaires that came from nothing. imagine if four ho bum had him looked at Jeff Bezos feature. I mean, here is a guy who was the son of a 17 year old high school student and a bike shop owner. a dower would have predicted him as the real world serac. and he'd probably still be stuck working minimum wage in a bookstore. serac puts his complete trust in the machine, but it's probably not that good at even predicting stuff. we can't see humanity for its full potential. actually believe that the reason it can't predict beyond a certain point isn't because the world it's ending. I just don't think I'm the machine is actually that good at seeing beyond a certain point up the fraction of data that it owns. it's basically a piece of crap, when I think about it. and yet, serac trusts it fully to the point he would even jail his own brother. is one connection to his past. he's basically Batman at this point. mega rich man that had a tragic event happen in front of his eyes when he was a child, and he's forced the world to fit into a certain way in order to avoid chaos. serac is a rich man who has denied people of their choices, and therefore it welcome back and bites him. the rich have long been a common enemy in West's world, and I think that arrogance will ultimately be their downfall. this is apparent in the death of Liam Dempsey Jr, who is killed by ash. just before this happens, he brights the group and says, they don't have a choice that shoots him and says, guess I do have a choice. I can't do the voice. this shows that people can ultimately rise above all things, and when they are given choices that they can take down the people in power. people can go beyond what has been planned for them. and this is very apparent here, even leading to the death of Dempsey jr. who didn't see it coming at all, similar to how I thinks Iraq will perish. so in summary, we must not put our faith in false prophets, because they can ultimately lead us down the wrong path and allow us to be completely blindsided. surak's biggest flaw is that he doesn't see humanity for what it can truly be, and therefore he will be brought down because of it. and that's the video. obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on serac, so comment below and let me know if you enjoyed this, then please hit the thumbs up button, as it massively helps us out. and don't forget to check out our breakdown of episode 6, which is gonna be linked at the end. we're going through the season week by week and pointing out the things you missed, as well as giving our predictions. so it's definitely worth checking out after this. every month on the 15th, we give away free blu-rays. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning the Marvel phase three, part one box set is leave a like and subscribe with notifications on you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us on a discord server link below, or a definition whitey on Twitter. thanks for making it till the end of the video, I've been definition, you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care, but the beasts. [Music]. you 