welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition in this episode, were breaking down the latest DC movie, birds of prey. the film is the first big comic book release of the air, and there's a hell of a lot to unpack from it. throughout this video, we'll be discussing all of the ins and outs on the characters featured in the film, the themes behind it, it's ending and the post-credits scene. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything about the film runed, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. make 'shy subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of birds of prey, and what terrible crime is that. okay, so firstly, I won't be doing my typical full plot breakdown. I tend to do as a digis drop a pot leak video earlier in the week that covers pretty much the entire storyline of the film. so if you just see it to learn what happens in the movie, then you should probably click that video linked above right now and come back to this one for more of an analysis on the film, rather than just a summary. will be discussing the true meaning of the movie here. and this video, on the whole, will be predominantly for people who've already watched the film. anyway. birds of prey picks up in the wake of Suicide Squad, after the defeat of enchantress. when we last saw the clown couple, mr. J was breaking the Harlequin of crime out of Belle Reve but since then, the two have broken up. Hawley has been kicked out of a house and must now make it on her own without the protection of a former lover. this makes her a target, and it's not long before people start hunting for her. she narrates the majority of the movie, and it's told mainly from her point of view. though the Joker, or rather Jared Leto, isn't in the film, his presence still looms over it, largely as do a lot of the male figures in the piece. on the whole, birds of praise about the patriarchy of society and how females in the film overcome it. it is a feminist message. and whilst I can see that turning a lot of people instantly personally didn't feel like it forced anything down the audience's throat. it was there if you wanted to see it, and it wasn't if he didn't. however, I don't think that you can deny that it doesn't exist. it's pretty much every male character in the film is bad, whether it's the police that Renee Montoya works with, Pauly's landlord, or the villain of the movie, black mask. black mask, in some ways controls all of the women in the movie, whether it's a pointing diner Issa's new driver, putting a bounty on Kathy's head and forcing the females to go after her. and all in all, he represents a white male in power who pretty much does whatever he wants to the women and his employee. fans of the comics will know this is a new direction for the character. and the recent revelation in the marketing for the film that the villain is gay may put some diehard Dog Night heads off. again, it's not too heavy in the film, but it definitely shows that this movie is striving for inclusivity and representation. Victor Zsasz is his henchman, and he gets, let's call it, far more preferential treatment than his female peers. he's viewed is almost an equal by mask, whereas the women aren't. in the comics, zaz was a serial killer that cobb mocks into his skin every time he made a kill. they don't play up quite how sadistic he is here, but he does become integral to the plot after cassandra steals a diamond from him. this is a great example of a girl who represents the new wave of feminism, going against her male overseers and making a stand that will benefit her rather than them. polymer is this, and initially shows that the Joker has no control over her by blowing up ace chemicals. this is, of course, the home of the character in many depictions, and is also where she was created, in Suicide Squad. it's a blast in more ways than one. sends shockwaves through Gotham. Black Mask views her as a weekend defenseless female and thinks that now she is no longer under the Joker's protection, that he can kill her without any repercussions. Renee Montoya deduces that Holly and the Joker have fallen out, and because of this, she'll be easy to arrest. renee currently works in the corrupt GCPD. and it's very much at the mercy of a male superiors. they ignore our ideas, take credit for her work, hold her in place enough she must break free, which I'll get into at the end of the video. personally, I think Renee is the weakest of the cast, and there was just something that felt off about her. I've always been a huge fan of the character in the comics, but whether it's this or the Dark Knight version, it's rather they get her right. Renee is a lesbian in the source material, and she eventually ended up becoming the question. she's far better than what the movie allows it to be. and she's definitely the weakest out of the group. however, that doesn't mean the rest of the group follows suit. and I really enjoyed watching Black Canary and Huntress make their big-screen debuts. canary initially works as a singer for masks, but after demonstrating her skill, the villain promotes her to his driver. in the film, she discovers the cheese a metahuman, and can use her vocal chords to emit sonic screams. the character would eventually go on to marry Oliver Queen, aka the Green Arrow. and I really enjoyed what they do with her in the film. it's revealed that Dinah is a mole and black masks organization, and that she's been feeding information to Montoya on the inner workings of his criminal activities. in the beginning, she seems like a complete subordinate that will never leave the umbrella of masks trappings. but she manages to advance from beyond this and break the hole that he has over her and her life. she's a strong lead. and if we get a sequel, I would definitely like to see a take charge of the team, as it's a great depiction of the character. similar to this, Huntress, played by Mary Elizabeth Winstead, steals every scene that she's in. over the years, Huntress has taken on many guises. and in some versions of the comic-book law she's actually Bruce Wayne and Selina Kyle's daughter. this was retconned over the decades until it was eventually shaped into the version that we see on the big screen. Elena Bertinelli has a reputation as the crossbow killer, but a skills go far beyond that, and she's a master of martial arts. similar to the comic books of Bertinelli, was part of a rich family, and she watched them die in front of her. unlike the original work, though, her origins are tied more in with black mask and his mobsters. in this movie, she was saved as a child, and a like Batman, built her skills until she was in peak physical condition. in contrast, unlike Batman, Bertinelli is driven by revenge, and she now targets gang members in order to avenge her parents deaths. lastly is Cassandra Cain, who is the biggest departure from a comic book counterpart in this source material. Kane was the daughter of two world-class assassins, David Kane and Lady Shiva. Kane was a mute that couldn't read or write. however, due to the training she received from her parents, she was a master at reading body language. due to this, she could fight anyone on a hand-to-hand basis with ease, because she could read what moves they were going to make and easily dispatch them. she's one of the coolest members of the bat family and also one of the best hand-to-hand fighters in the DC Universe. here her portrayal feels alien, and she's devolved in several ways. that's not to say it's a bad performance, it certainly isn't. it's just a big departure. Kane steals a rare and valuable diamond that has the location of the Bertinelli fortune, and she sort of becomes the MacGuffin of the film after Black Mask places a large bounty on her head. pretty much the whole of Gotham and Holly go after Cassie. Holly becomes fond of her after growing an attachment, introduces her to a hyena named Bruce Wayne. and eventually the group end up being formed after they realized that mask is controlling everything and will kill them no matter what. the plot is rather simplistic, but it is told in non chronological order to keep things engaging. this method of storytelling has been used in Deadpool and, more recently, The Witcher, and it keeps the rather basic storyline from feeling too predictable. it all comes head-to-head at handover, in which Holly promises to give over Cassie in exchange for being free of having to constantly look over her shoulder. canarians as goto retriever, and mask goes back on the deal by instructing them to betray her. it's during this that sazelin's of canaries alliance, after seeing a text message involving Montoya. and he turns on her. Huntress shows up at the last moment and kills him. however, Montoya arrives at the location and goes to arrest them. Holly manages to convince the group to work together and fight black masks incoming goons. they all team up as Warren, and it's an awesome action scene to finish the film with. there's just a bone-crushing, satisfying kick to this battle. and it's arguably one of the best action scenes in a DC movie. it was filmed by the creative team behind John wick, so this does make a lot of sense, and it gives the finale a real punch to it. however, black mask manages to capture Cassie, and there's a car chase, well, roller skate chase, and which Holly manages to destroy his ride and appear. he holds Cassie hostage, but she is able to kill the character with a grenade. now, to me, this symbolizes how feminists are almost taking the weapons of men and using it against them. I'm not saying this is my beliefs or anything. it's just how I interpreted the film. but mask was pretty much someone who lorded his power over women, but he was literally taken out by someone insignificant using his own power against him. it's a symbol that even the weakest can stand up against is strong. and whether unnecessarily think that that's a subtle message to end the film on, I do think that the true meaning behind it holds a lot of weight to it. the me2 movement is about unity and taking toxic men out by exposing the thing that they fear the most, the true face of themselves. and there's some subtext to it through black masks. black masks, throughout the movie, is someone who pushes himself to be the life and soul of the party, but he hides a true, violent and manipulative face that becomes exposed during the finale of the film. this symbolic gesture of a group of women making him reveal his true face and then take him out, does have a lot to it. and yet, DC are clearly putting more thought into their showdowns. or it could just be a simple action. scene. and yeah, I might be reaching. just a shame that haven't been so quick to get rid of Amber. Heard anyway, I said I'm not getting political. the movie ends with an epilogue of Montoya, Dinah and Huntress forming the birds of prey. this is from using the Bertinelli accounts linked directly to the diamond. Holly and Cassie pawned the jewel and go off to start their own company together. I always did wonder why Holly was in a birds-of-prey film, as typically she's associated predominantly with the Suicide Squad in Gotham City sirens. however, in retrospect, it was out there in front of our eyes this entire time. the full title for the film is, birds of prey and the emancipation of one Holly Quinn. therefore we know that it was about the Bo P is one entity and Holly as another. Emancipation actually means an effort to procure economic and social rights, often for equality. and this is pretty much the main message of the film, which, as we've discussed, sees women overcoming the domineering male figures in their life. well, Holly is going exactly? we don't know yet, but the next film featuring the character is James Gunn's Suicide Squad. Cassie will not be starring in this, at least that we know. and it is unlikely that you would be wanted for Task Force X, as it's mainly used for highly dangerous criminals. it is likely that Holly will be captured once more by Amanda Waller and locked up. she is still serving a life sentence, and will be wanted for the team. so I can see them going in this direction for the future movie. Holly is definitely going to be going in a different direction in the next film, and she's had a sort of change of heart since breaking up the toxic relationship she had with the Joker. going forward, it looks like she's going to be much more of an antihero. she is definitely a mentor to Cassie now, and she's evolved in many ways. Cassie is, of course, Batgirl in the comics. and they could potentially go this route with the audio at the end of the film, which I'll get into in just a bit. the movie also leaves room for a birds of prey sequel that it's more focused on the group, and I would love to see it after this entry. before we get into the post-credits scene, I just want to let you know we're giving away a free copy of dr. sleep to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning, it's like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on birds of prey in the comments below. but when it's gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of February, and the Celt be shipped out from then Toby gets the prize. it's the best of luck that everyone who takes part. okay, so the film doesn't really have a post credit scene, but there is some audio and a continuation of Harley Quinn generation, who thanks everyone for sticking around. she reveals that she knows the secret about Batman, but before we ever learn what it is, the movie cuts out. now, Holly did named her hyena Bruce Wayne, so it is likely at this point that she knows who he is. if you read the Scott Snyder Batman graphic novel run that was part of the new 52, then you will know that the Joker did know who Batman was. however, he didn't really care, as he viewed it as just a facade. in this universe, both Harley and Joker were complicit in the of Jason Todd, and it isn't a huge leap to guess that they figured out he was connected to the billionaire. now what this could do is allow for Cassie to go under his wing and be trained as Batgirl, similar to a comic book counterpart. we don't know what they're going to do to Batman due to the Robert Pattinson reboot, but they could be bringing him across and potentially tying Cassie in. I don't know how that will happen, but overall, I really enjoyed the film and made for a great watch. I was expecting this to be quite bad, but I'm pleasantly surprised by it. as I've said, the themes I've mentioned in this video are there if you want to look. but if you just want to turn your brain off, you can enjoy the film for what it is. birds of prey is a real blast, and I had a good time watching it, and therefore it gets an 8 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the film and what you want to see in the future. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our full breakdown of the new bat suit, details, which are going to be linked at the end. we go over everything you need to know about the upcoming movie. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. you get access to content early and can suggest video topics and breakdowns. we massively appreciate it, and it goes a long way to helping videos like this get made. if you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers, so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace you. [Music], 