Detective Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain a Crime-Mystery film called: "Wild Things.\xe2\x80\x9d Filled to the brim with deception and betrayal, this film proves that people don't always turn out to be who they say they are. Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. For the charming guidance counselor, Sam Lombardo, carnal abuse is something the seniors of Blue Bay High School should know about. To educate the students, Sam invites Detectives Ray Duquette and Gloria Perez to give a lecture about the matter. As Ray introduces himself and his partner, one of the students, Suzie Toller, shows hostility toward him and rudely walks out of the auditorium. After the lecture, Sam and the detectives see Suzie immediately walk away as soon she spots them. Ray informs Gloria that he busted Suzie the previous year for possession, while Sam adds that she spent six months in Camp Nine. Although Suzie's reaction is understandable, it's a wonder why she's too nasty towards Ray, considering the fact that she's the one in the wrong. Suzie must've felt that she was wrongfully jailed, or maybe, there's more to the story of her arrest than the detective lets on. At the school entrance, Sam thanks the detectives for coming to their school, and as they get to their car, Gloria notes how Ray doesn't seem to like Sam. Ray implies that Sam has a thing for school girls, and Gloria teases him that she won\xe2\x80\x99t mind sleeping with the guidance counselor. Before the lecture, most of the girl students aren't embarrassed to show their interest in Sam. It is clear enough that Sam is popular among them, which explains Ray's coldness towards him. It's not that Ray is jealous, but he thinks Sam is a womanizer who would even prey on his students\xe2\x80\x94a possible threat. One day, Kelly Van Ryan approaches Sam after he's gone sailing with his student, Jimmy. Obviously flirting, Kelly asks the guidance counselor if she and her friend can wash his Jeep for the senior car wash, and Sam says they can. She then asks Sam if he can give her a ride home, saying her mother was supposed to pick her up but didn't show up. Here, Kelly shows that she isn't afraid to go after what she wants, which is Sam. She doesn't even mind teasing him in front of another student, proving that she pays no mind to what others think. Sam seems reluctant to do it, so he offers Jimmy a ride, too. They then see Suzie trying to fix her car on their way out of the campus, and Sam asks if she needs a lift home. However, Kelly pisses Suzie off by insulting the way she's dressed, and once her car is fixed, Suzie flips them off. With Kelly getting dropped off, her mom, Sandra, comes out of the balcony wearing a bikini. To Kelly's irritation, Sandra asks Sam if he'd like to have a drink with her inside, but Sam politely refuses and quickly drives away. Sandra's way of talking to Sam indicates they used to be romantically involved, and Kelly doesn't even bother hiding her annoyance. She's probably irate that she has to compete with her mother for Sam's attention, but Sam isn't even interested in them. On Sunday, Kelly gets to washing Sam\xe2\x80\x99s jeep. She then enters the house without Sam's permission, and as she stands there and drips water on the floor, she looks at Sam salaciously. Later on, Kelly comes out of the house looking upset with her hair and clothes disheveled. When Kelly comes out of the house, it's hard to determine if something really happened to her because there's no proof or witness. Her earlier behavior, her dishevelled appearance, and the upset look on her face are telling completely different things. The next day, as Sandra spends the day in bed with Frankie, she receives a call from Kelly's school informing her that her daughter was absent. She quickly asks Sam if he's heard from Kelly, but Sam doesn't know where she is. As they talk, Sandra hears her daughter outside, skeet-shooting, so she tells Sam she's already found her. She then tells him that it was nice seeing him the other day, but Sam isn't in the mood for her games and just ends the call. When Sandra asks her daughter why she skipped school, Kelly starts crying and says she misses her dad. Though Sandra sympathizes with her daughter, all she could tell her is that she isn\xe2\x80\x99t sure why her father killed himself. As Kelly continues to cry, she confesses that Sam Lombardo violated her. Of course, it\xe2\x80\x99s only natural that Sandra will quickly believe anything Kelly says. Though they don\xe2\x80\x99t always see things eye-to-eye, Sandra is still a mother who is protective of her daughter. But things aren\xe2\x80\x99t quite adding up, and if only Sandra had spent more time with her daughter and less time with her lover, then maybe she would see right away if Kelly\xe2\x80\x99s lying or not. Wasting no time, Sandra contacts Ray and Gloria, informing them of what happened to her daughter. As Gloria records her statement, Kelly starts recounting the events at Sam's house. According to her, Sam started rubbing her shoulders, and she let him because he was a nice guy. The next thing she knew, Sam's hand was already in her shorts from behind. Despite her protests, Sam had her hands pinned behind her and repeatedly urged her to just let it happen. When Sam suddenly stopped, he insulted her by saying no little girl could ever make him finish. Once Ray, Gloria, and Bryce Hunter are done watching Kelly's recorded confession, Gloria deduces that nothing happened between Sam and Kelly. Gloria believes Kelly was just acting because she was disappointed that Sam didn't come on to her when she wanted him to. Gloria then suggests they make Kelly take a polygraph test, but Ray opposes, saying that her lawyer, Tom Baxter, will cut her down. Gloria gets mad that Ray won't back her up, and as they argue, Bryce tells them to start with the investigation. It's difficult to explain how Gloria immediately concluded that Kelly was lying. It may come from her experience as a detective to quickly tell if a person is telling the truth or not. But since they lack any physical evidence, Gloria is right to call for a lie detector test for Kelly. However, they live in a place where even the authorities are afraid of powerful and wealthy people like Sandra Van Ryan and Tom Baxter. Unfortunately for them, Kelly is a Van Ryan. After learning about Kelly's accusations and that Sandra is pushing for his suspension, Sam gets mad and asks Artie why the board would decide without hearing his side first. Feeling sorry for him, Artie tells him to just wait until his name is cleared, but Sam won't hear him out. Sam believes that no one ever gets cleared from an accusation like that, adding that it will follow him wherever he goes. Artie then advises him to hire a lawyer, but he isn't sure where to find one who would agree to go up against the Van Ryans in court. Another proof that money can buy anything, Sandra uses her influence to convince the board to suspend Sam without going through due process. Artie, who has a position in school, can't even do anything about it, which is even more upsetting because he knows what they're doing to Sam isn't fair. After some time, Sam hires Ken Bowden to defend him against the Van Ryans. When Sam insists that he's just Kelly\xe2\x80\x99s guidance counselor and nothing more, Bowden assures him he's got nothing to worry about. Even though most people are afraid to go up against someone more powerful than them, there are still few who are willing to do what's right, and one of them is Ken Bowden. Bowden isn't scared to face the Van Ryans in court, but instead, he considers it to be a challenge. That night, Sam goes to a local bar to drink before going home. As he drives, he notices a vehicle following him. It bumps into his Jeep until he goes over the swamp. Bleeding, Sam manages to get out of his Jeep. But the driver, who turns out to be Frankie, punches him and starts beating him up. The next day, Bowden goes to Sam's house and gets startled when Sam comes out with a gun pointed at him. Sam quickly apologizes and invites Bowden inside the house, where he informs him that Frankie Condo attacked him and was driving Sandra's Range Rover. Bowden wants him to go to the cops and make a statement, but Sam refuses, saying he doesn't need any more trouble from Sandra. Confident that they'll win against the Van Ryans, Bowden brings up the time when Kelly ran away from home and stayed in a motel to get high after her father killed himself. Bowden then says the authorities haven't taken his statement yet because they're still looking for dirt, which they won't find. When Bowden looks at Sam and asks for confirmation, Sam simply says he doesn't sleep with his students. Once again, Sam's beating proves that Sandra can do whatever she wants with him. She can even have Sam killed if she wants to, but of course, she'd rather see her daughter's violator suffer first. And while Sam\xe2\x80\x99s punishment is already preceding the verdict, Bowden isn\xe2\x80\x99t averse to playing dirty himself, which is clear when he mentioned Kelly\xe2\x80\x99s breakdown. One day, Ray and Gloria visit Suzie and her grandmother, Ruby, since Suzie called them. After finding out that Sam isn\xe2\x80\x99t arrested yet, Suzie admits that Sam forced himself on her about a year ago in her trailer. As the detectives question her, Suzie starts getting upset and aggressive, but she still manages to tell them that once Sam stopped, he said that no little girl could make him finish. With her statement matching Kelly\xe2\x80\x99s, Sam is immediately arrested. Though Sam vehemently insists that he\xe2\x80\x99s innocent, Bowden only tells him that he\xe2\x80\x99s preaching to the choir. Things are definitely looking bleak for Sam. With another victim coming forward and unknowingly corroborating Kelly\xe2\x80\x99s story by repeating what she said, there\xe2\x80\x99s little room for doubt with his crime. Though it\xe2\x80\x99s easy to fault Suzie for not coming forward earlier, these things are difficult to report. It\xe2\x80\x99s just easier for people like Kelly, who\xe2\x80\x99s already rich and powerful. Before the trial, Sandra and Baxter tell the press that they're confident Sam will get what he deserves. However, Suzie breaks under Bowden's questioning and admits to court that Sam didn't really defile her. She says she was just pissed at him for not bailing her out of jail when she was arrested for narcotics possession, leaving everyone in court in disbelief. As she continues to confess, Suzie also tells the court that Sam didn't sleep with Kelly, either. Kelly\xe2\x80\x99s just in love with him and wants to get back at him for sleeping with Sandra. Humiliated and enraged, Kelly gets up and throws a glass at Suzie, but she\xe2\x80\x99s immediately taken away before she could cause more damage. After the fiasco at court, Bowden celebrates as he plans to file a lawsuit against Sandra. A case of jealousy and betrayal, Suzie and Kelly are desperate girls who are willing to ruin a man's life just to avenge their wounded egos. The girls are lucky the judge doesn't punish them for committing perjury, but Bowden isn't the type to let that kind of scheme slide. It is only fair that Sam demands compensation for what he went through because after all, the money he'll get won't even be enough to pay for the damages the girls have done to his life. After Bowden set up a meeting with Baxter and Sandra, Sam finally gets his settlement pay, and Bowden tells him to enjoy the money. Later that day, Sam goes back to school to retrieve his belongings. As he is about to leave, Sam bumps into Kelly, who is infuriated that Sandra is using her trust fund to pay Sam. Kelly attacks Sam in front of everyone, repeatedly hitting him with a book while screaming about how much she hates him. Once Kelly is taken away, Sam tells Artie that he couldn't come back to school even though he wanted to. Kelly's outburst only proves how bitter she is, and she doesn't even hesitate to make a scene in front of everyone. It is a pity that Sam won't be able to go back to his work. This only proves that he was right when he said that being accused of committing carnal abuse isn't something that would just go away. That night, Sam goes to a hotel after losing his house, where he finds Kelly waiting for him. It is then revealed that it's their plan to get money from Sandra all along. When Suzie comes out, too, she asks how much is $8.5 million divided among them. After some celebrating, he reminds them that the three of them can't ever be seen in one place before they start to make out and sleep together. This just proves that people aren't always what they appear to be. Sam Lombardo, a respected guidance counselor, turns out to be a manipulative schemer. At this point, it shows that he's the mastermind of getting money from Sandra, and Kelly and Suzie are clearly under his spell. At the station, Ray tells Gloria that he believes Sam has hatched the elaborate plan of taking money from Sandra using Kelly and Suzie. He then starts following Sam, determined to prove that his theory is correct. Ray has never liked Sam, but the former guidance counselor has never hurt anyone, so he can only despise him from a distance. One day, Ray approaches Kelly as she finishes swimming to ask what she, Suzie, and Sam plan to do with the money. Playing innocent, Kelly pretends to be clueless, but Ray doesn\xe2\x80\x99t buy it. He says the truth will eventually come out, and it's Suzie who will eventually ruin them. Ray visits Suzie next and apologizes for what happened to her friend, Davy. He then gives Suzie a piece of paper that shows Sam's recent bank activities, revealing that he has just transferred the settlement money to an offshore account. Ray also adds that Sam has just put a downpayment on island property and a lease-to-buy on a sailboat. When he points out that Suzie is into sailing, Suzie plays dumb and asks why he's telling her all that. Angry, Ray snaps at her and asks if she actually expects Kelly and Sam to share the money with her. Wanting to be left alone, Suzie tries to walk out, but Ray catches her by the arm and warns her to keep a close eye on Kelly and Sam. A smart move on Ray's part, he tries to turn Kelly and Suzie against each other. Seeing that Suzie is high-strung, Ray plays his card right by making Suzie doubt her accomplices. And during their confrontation, it is also revealed that Suzie's anger towards Ray roots from something he did to her friend, Davy. While the two don't go into details about it, it is clear that Suzie is deeply hurt by it. Upset, Suzie calls Sam once Ray is gone but fails to reach him. She then goes to Kelly's house to tell her what happened, clueless that Ray is following her. Kelly gets mad that Suzie contacted Sam, and as they talk, she receives a call from the former guidance counselor. Sam asks Kelly if Suzie is with her, and when Kelly confirms it, Sam instructs her to calm her friend down. He then says he'll handle everything before asking Kelly to get Suzie so they can both listen to what he has to say. Meanwhile, Ray stays hidden as he records a video of Kelly and Suzie. Sam tells them to watch out for Ray before reminding Suzie not to fall apart. When the call ends, Suzie accuses Kelly of double-crossing her, but Kelly denies it then insults her. Even more upset, Suzie slaps Kelly for trying to touch her. Taken aback, Kelly slaps Suzie, too, before grabbing her by the hair and dragging her to the pool. There, Kelly tries to drown Suzie, but Suzie manages to break free from her. As she swims towards the stairs, Kelly grabs her by the leg and realizes that Suzie really is scared. Eventually calming down, the girls start kissing, and as they make out, Ray continues to record them. In spite of the scheming they took part in, Kelly and Suzie are just volatile young girls. Sam must have realized this, and this makes them easy pickings for exploitation. On one hand, you have Kelly, who\xe2\x80\x99s still hung up on her father\xe2\x80\x99s death while not receiving enough attention from her mother. Then there\xe2\x80\x99s Suzie, who\xe2\x80\x99s clearly a troubled girl with her own string of problems, financial and otherwise. Being the guidance counsellor, you\xe2\x80\x99d think that Sam would do his job and actually give them guidance and counsel, but instead, he fools around with both their bodies and Kelly\xe2\x80\x99s trust fund. The next day, Ray shows the footage to his colleagues, but Bryce isn't happy that Ray went to the Van Ryans' property without authorization. And unfortunately, the audio from the recording is unintelligible, so they can\xe2\x80\x99t hear the girls talking about Sam. Though Bryce warns about Sandra suing for invasion of privacy, Ray is unmoved and reveals that he brought Sam in for questioning. Sam is furious, and he threatens to sue them next time Ray drags him to the station. When he\xe2\x80\x99s free to go, Sam insults Ray then takes his leave. After some time, Kelly takes a drunken Suzie by the beach, where Sam is waiting for them. He tells Suzie that he wants them to celebrate one last time before they split up, and she agrees. However, when Sam orders Kelly to get a blanket from her mom's car, he repeatedly attacks Suzie with a bottle of champagne. After that, Sam and Kelly wrap Suzie's body in plastic before loading her to the back of the Range Rover. Sam then casually wipes the blood off his face before going to the swamp to dispose of Suzie's body. Kelly is visibly shaken after hearing Suzie's screams, but it is unclear if she's aware of Sam's plan to kill the girl right from the beginning. Maybe she thought they were really just going to celebrate by the beach, or maybe, she deliberately lured Suzie there so Sam could take her out of the equation. After all, Suzie's death means more money for Kelly and Sam. And since Suzie\xe2\x80\x99s the weakest link, having her gone would make them feel safer. Ray and Gloria then investigate Suzie\xe2\x80\x99s disappearance. Ray asserts that Kelly and Sam are responsible for it then asks Gloria to check on Suzie's car for him. Meanwhile, Ray goes to the beach with Jimmy, where the boy shows him the spot where he and Suzie used to hang out. As he investigates the place, Ray finds traces of blood on an old boat and teeth in the dirt. Ray then calls his colleagues and the forensic team to show them where Suzie was killed. Since there's no body, Ray believes that Sam has dumped Suzie in the swamp. After learning that Suzie's car has been found at the bus terminal, Ray insists that Sam is behind everything and that Kelly will be next. However, Bryce tells Ray to get off the case and warns him not to go near Sam. But as soon as he's out of earshot, Ray asks Gloria to keep an eye on Sam, and in exchange, he will drop the investigation if the teeth are not Suzie\xe2\x80\x99s. Although Ray won't show it, he must be thrilled that he'll finally be able to nail Sam. Suzie doesn't mean a thing to him anyway, and her disappearance just gives Ray a chance to go after the former guidance counselor. Ray is so confident that Sam is the culprit that he isn't even looking for other suspects. However, Gloria doesn't feel the same way and thinks her partner is mistaken about Sam. Gloria does as she's told and watches Sam, while on the other hand, Sam receives a call from Kelly. The girl is panicking, but Sam assures her that they\xe2\x80\x99ll be fine as long as they stick to their plan. He then reminds Kelly to stay at the guest house, before going outside to talk to Gloria. After informing him that Suzie\xe2\x80\x99s missing, she asks him where he was the previous night. Ray smoothly evades the question then invites Gloria to his room. There, he gives her Kelly\xe2\x80\x99s file which shows her history of violence. Kelly has once threatened the lives of Sandra and Suzie, and as Sam tells Gloria more about Kelly's anger issues, he implies that Kelly might be responsible for Suzie's disappearance. Trying to seduce Gloria, Sam claims that he didn't tell them about it during the trial because he had principles back then, but not anymore. He then tells Gloria to leave, and Gloria calls Ray to tell him she's going home and that Sam is gone. Pissed, Ray informs her that the blood found on the scene matches Suzie's. To this, Gloria just tells him that if Suzie really is dead, then Bryce might be on the right track about Kelly. Unfortunately, the keen eye and sharp wit that Gloria had when calling crap on Kelly\xe2\x80\x99s victim statement is now nowhere to be found. Perhaps Suzie had it with her when she was killed. To be more accurate, though, Gloria just finds him hot. With how Sandra and Sam have been finessing everyone, it just goes to show that the strongest forces in the world are big dollar bills and attractive, scheming men. But the third strongest force happens to be the ego of a detective with a hunch, so it\xe2\x80\x99s anyone\xe2\x80\x99s guess as to what will win out in the end. Worried about Kelly, Ray goes to the Van Ryans' residence to look for her. When Ray enters the house, he is greeted by an agitated Kelly, who wants to know why he's there. The two then engage in a struggle, and after three shots are fired, Ray comes out of the house, injured. Seeing the officer on the ground, Sandra rushes inside and screams upon finding Kelly's body. At the station, Ray recounts how Kelly attacked and shot him in the shoulder, and he claims that he had no choice but to return fire. Because of this, Ray is eventually fired from the force for insubordination. After finding Suzie's blood in Sandra's Range Rover, the police department concludes that Suzie was murdered by Kelly. After Suzie's disappearance and Kelly's death, it is later revealed that Sam and Ray have been working together all along. Although Sam is upset that Ray killed Kelly, he agrees with his partner when he says that they don\xe2\x80\x99t have any more loose ends. Since the bank will take two more days to complete the money transfer, Ray decides to stay. When you open up a Russian matryoshka doll, you\xe2\x80\x99ll find a smaller doll inside it, and when you open that smaller doll, you\xe2\x80\x99ll just find another one inside it, too. That\xe2\x80\x99s what the tale of Ray and Sam is. Just when the story thread is unknotted, a new twist shows up. Later on, the two are sailing when Sam suddenly attacks Ray. As Ray leans over the railing, Sam suddenly steers the wheel, causing Ray to fall overboard. However, Ray manages to hold on to the boat, and he attacks Sam, who pretends to be clueless. As the men fight each other, Suzie suddenly appears. She\xe2\x80\x99s actually alive, and she\xe2\x80\x99s sporting a new hairdo. With a speargun, the girl quickly shoots Ray in the leg. Ray asks for Sam's help, but Sam ignores him, saying he shouldn't have killed Kelly and Suzie's friend, Davy. Suzie then shoots him again, and Ray goes overboard once more. Suzie and Sam then watch Ray as he bleeds, struggling to stay afloat. At this point, it would just be easier to assume that the entire town is in on Sam\xe2\x80\x99s scheme. The man is a masterclass in deception, and Suzie is unbelievable herself. After all, the girl had her death faked just to have a bigger share in the millions. Sometime later on, Gloria visits Ruby to talk about Ray. Ruby informs her that Ray used to have a relationship with one of the girls over at the glades, and Davy had a crush on her. One time, Davy caught Ray beating the girl, so Ray killed him. Suzie, however, witnessed everything, so Ray busted Suzie and sent her to jail for six months just to prove that he could. She then reveals to Gloria that Ray got Sandra's mom pregnant with Suzie, making Sandra and Suzie half-sisters. When Sandra's mom died, Ruby took in Suzie and raised her like her own granddaughter. Before Gloria leaves, she sees Ruby's son, Walter, tending to Suzie's boat. Gloria is surprised that Suzie can sail, and Walter tells her that Suzie's IQ is above 200. Another unexpected revelation is that Suzie is actually Kelly's half-aunt. Gloria, who's been partners with Ray for quite some time now, clearly doesn't know that he's a dirty detective. He's been abusing his power ever since, and he's had no problems covering up his deeds. Meanwhile, Suzie, who's been portrayed as a teen with no future at all, is actually a genius. Unfortunately, she's forced to use her wits to do bad things just to survive. Back at the boat, Suzie poisons Sam and knocks him overboard. It is then revealed that Suzie is the one who hatched the plan of getting money from Sandra. Initially, she blackmailed Sam by showing him his pictures with Kelly in bed. She's also the one who instructed Sam to befriend Ray and involve him in her scheme, and later on, she forced Sam to pull out two of her teeth. However, Sam couldn't do it, so she did it herself. It is also revealed that Ray killed Kelly and planted the gun in her hand before shooting himself to make it look like a struggle. After some time, Bowden meets with Suzie and gives her the money they got from Sandra. He informs her that he's already set aside the money for Ruby and Walter, and of course, his fee. As Suzie walks away with the cash, Bowden reminds her to be good. Suzie must've waited long to get her scheme into motion because what she did required insane patience and elaborate planning. To say that Suzie is smart is an understatement, for she has successfully eliminated everyone in her path to get the money. She is also cunning enough to cover her tracks, making sure that nothing goes back to her. For the final twist in this story, Bowden's involvement in Suzie's plans shows that one can easily get what they want, if they just know which side to take. 