[Music]. welcome to slash forward. the channel will be provide summarization and commentary and all your favorite popular and obscure horror movies. in this video, we're gonna run through a brief synopsis at the 2014 film house pound. based in New Zealand, and produced on a low budget, this movie manages to put a semi modern spin on the classic ghost infestation storyline. the story unfolds at the main character's childhood home, which appears to have only caught up technologically to 1997, providing the film with copious amounts of nostalgia and charm, as you'll soon see. the movie starts with Kylie and a friend rolling into an empty parking lot at night. we quickly learned they're here for some dark business, hopping out quickly equipped with heavy tools. as they approach an ATM, we get a cool shot from the security camera, giving us the feeling that we're about to watch an instant karma compilation, which is confirmed when the guy hammers away at the ATM with questionable form. undeterred, Kylie, without bothering to move the body to the car, first lights an explosive and blows the ATM wide open. she grabs the loot and hauls it and her partner back to the car, wasting precious minutes. as the alarm sounds. we get a fast and furious style series of quick edits as she revs up to take off. but then retreated to a fast and furious in real-life outcome when her ricer gets hung up on a speed bump. seriously, you should see how it sticks to the road and hairpin. as the following scenes unfold, we hear about substance abuse issues and discover she's been through several treatment programs already. they still consider her a candidate for rehabilitation, but feel she would have the better chance of success in a stable environment, so they sentence her to eight months of house arrest. now house bound, she's brought to the estate by her overseer, Amos. as she prepares herself for what's to come, they get rear-ended by her absent-minded mother. I think that there's more damage to mind though than the rest heals. she learns the rules of the anklet. they test the range, and then she finds herself at an awkward family reunion, monitize iPhones. no flash in that, not really see that Graham. Connie's got one of those iPhones. it's not an iPhone. we learned that Graham isn't much of a conversationalist. I was just assigned to Conoco him the way he Mary Gill who kept calling Arad time. she's very nice, but Miriam is desperate to speak. if a no one engages she fills the void with mindless chatter. brief establishing shots show a staring contest, creepy neighbor, and that kylie's prepaid phone has run out of minutes. that evening, Miriam, still talking, calls into a radio show discussing paranormal activity and tells the host about disturbances she's experienced. but every hair on my body was standing upright, and I turned around and I saw this thing disappear. Kylee overhears her mom's creepypasta account of a basement encounter. when Kylie mocks her for this, Miriam points out that Kylie used to complain if experiences as well, she just doesn't remember them in the same way. before bed, Kylie demonstrates the overwhelming power that kegels can grant to once pelvic floor as she stops to start urinating in an attempt to better make out an odd know is she years the next morning, Kylie boots up the old family computer, which winds itself up like a turbine and spits out some classic dial-up modem noises before exploding from the stress of normal operation. with nothing better to do, Kylie ventures into the basement to look for something interesting, but only finds some books with sunshine growth stamps in them. still bored, she takes the steering out the window and sees her caseworker standing awkwardly in the drive staring back at her as he begins to therapy her. we discovered that part of her emotional state as a result of her father walking out on them and starting a new family elsewhere. later on, Miriam comes home with what appears to be the week's dinner in the form of a 30 pound sack of potatoes. she finds the house in a mess, Kylie lazily lying about, and the evening's meatloaf eaten. what a brat. Kylie falls asleep in front of the TV. a brief interruption of the light patterns causes her disturb she fully wakes when she hears the computer loudly chugging away. it appears to now be functional in whatever since that word applies here. confused, but not willing to risk a brownout, she powers it down. she goes to bed, but is disturbed by some odd baby movies, followed by her phone calls. she goes off in pursuit of the noise and finds herself in the basement in an unfortunate series of events. the lights go out, she's attacked by Jesus. her anklet goes off in a handcraft room. she brings her mom downstairs, but she's not having it. then they both hear a noise. they go to investigate, finding evidence that someone's in the house. Kylie gets a jump on the intruder, beating him about the head and neck with a family heirloom. she's about to go for the kill shot, but his robbed of this forbidden pleasure when we discovered that it's Amos coming to check on the ankle signal. we find out that he lives in the neighborhood, allowing quick responses such as this apparently promoted to Detective. Amos begins to examine the house for evidence of the intruder. the ladies eventually come clean confirming that they actually believed they were victims of a supernatural disturbance. luckily, Amos is both a detective and an aficionado of the paranormal. he whips out his recorder, gives Kiley the finger and asks several questions of the vengeful spirit. they don't initially hear anything, but a misplays it back. the scene unfolds with tense expectation, [Music], but leads nowhere. don't worry. yeah, of course, with the readers, loggers and transmogrifier is all in place. Amos shares his strategy for verifying and managing those problem while Kiley shares hers, I'm gonna smash it in the face. that night, Kylie's distracted by the sound of odd voices in her room. she rolls over to find a possessed New Zealand version of Teddy Ruxpin talking that Devils talk, and seemingly taunting Kylie. she responds in a way that calls into question how the child's play series lasts more than five minutes. while there are perfectly reasonable explanations for this event, there are less. so for this the sole member of the New Zealand paranormal CSI unit checks the scene, apparently looking for a pupil dilation. he confirms he didn't see anything on the video, but also says that it's hard to review hours and hours of footage. this leads to a role reversal, as Kylie is now convinced that something supernatural is afoot, while Amos is convinced she's alleviating her boredom by messing with him. later, Kylie attempts to relax in her room, but is disturbed by a creaky door. she reasonably manages the situation, only to be taunted by a smaller creaky door leading to a crawl space in her closet. it's filled with knickknacks, including a box of childhood memories. she briefly channels Fossey as she takes a drag off her cigarette and proceeds to twirl herself into a jump-scare. Graham needs someone to hold half the heirloom that she previously broke while the glue sets. not a huge deal, how long could it take? bawls. Graham takes this opportunity to open up to Kylie. as a discomfort mounts, Kylie tries to change the subject the end result of Graham's unsuccessful negotiation of this conversation has him accidentally revealing that the house was not previously a bed-and-breakfast, as Miriam had claimed. in response to this, Kylie does a more thorough review of the contents of the basement, most of which was left behind by the prior owner, and discovers that sunshine Grove was a halfway house for troubled youths, one of whom had been brutally murdered in the home. she confronts Miriam about raising her in a house where someone was murdered, but Marian responds with indignation, when you stop working and you have to pay bills of your own, we'll see how quick you out of snap you noise in the bargain. as Kylie continues her research, she discovers the girl in question was beaten, stabbed repeatedly and bitten. feeling it's safe to assume that this is a spirit occupying the house. amos turns this into a scooby-doo adventure. no, we know with murder. Kylie, however, is not convinced. she attempts to find a way out of the house. unfortunately, the odds of a transfer are minimal, unless, of course, she poses an immediate danger to herself or others. she demonstrates her inherent danger by smacking her snack tray, mangling the wire drying rack. no one buys it though, so she storms off. as the discussion continues without her, the lights go out. miriam goes off into the darkness to test the breakers. as she works on it, we get a quick flash of a disturbing ghost standing behind Dennis. creepy for sure, but fairly standard in terms of ghosts. okay, that helps. the police come and we surmise, least suspect Kylie. they tried to sort out the details, mister mccrane de was attacked by a vengeful ghost, but they don't get far. Kylie's had it. she takes off. no regard for the authority of the magistrate. amos rolls up and appeals to her sense of empathy by reminding her the ghost is just a girl who needs help, and convinces her to try connecting with the spirit and just listen. now more centered and connected with her third eye, Kylie returns to the basement to see what the spirit world has to confine. I know he's travels through the house above her and settles in the non-functional furnace. she reaches in, retrieves a nasty old dental plate. it's hairy. then her phone goes off again, so she heads upstairs in pursuit. as she hears more noises, she connects the presence of the partials in the furnace to the vent in her room and checks it out. she finds a memory box with some contraband and old jewelry. Kylie reviews these new developments with Amos. her working hypothesis is that the girl was stealing from the neighbors. one of them, Carter, confronted her, absolutely lost his [ __ ] and murdered her. in the confusion of the biting and stabbing, the dental plate was lost in the jewelry was forgotten. her first suspect is the skanky neighbor who's known for violent outbursts and strange smells coming off of his property. Amos isn't so sure, feeling they need stronger evidence before they up bingo. this escalates quickly as Kylie convinces Amos to break into his house during the day while he's sleeping. Kylie makes her way in after lucking out and uncovering the spare key resting between two coolers, she enters the home and discovers that he lives as we would expect, like no one else. Rodie. not fighting him in bed. she goes to poke around and find some in repose on his recliner. she goes for it, really digging in there, trusting that he's blackout level napping. the plate pops out into the refuse filling the room, and she has no choice but to run. as they flee, Amos gets stuck in a [ __ ] trap. so Kylie covers him and continues on. seeing the neighbor lumber by with a rifle, he calls Kylie at home to warn her. she heads for the basement, grabs some shears and hides in the closet. she hears footsteps approaching the door, readies herself, and when the door opens, she stabs grant. things may look bad, but she's got this under control. or not, Miriam keeps a vigil at the hospital. so Kylie pulls herself together and cleans up at home. Amos, however, is still intent on collecting evidence. it goes back to the plate while taking pictures of old newspapers reporting on the murder. we see he has a surprise visitor. Amos is confronted as he leaves, and we find out cracklins is actually a pretty chill guy. he's feeling talkative, so he lets Amos know who he favors as a murder suspect. he explains that he was took in a young lady and her son to live with him for a while. the child was unusual, didn't talk, kept to himself, like to make things out of other things and preferred tight spaces. when cracklins had to discipline him for taking apart and reassembling an animal, he ran off. this was about a year before the murder, which is a long time. but he doesn't think it likely that Eugene went very far. and emphasizes this point for Amos by showing him his old room. cozy. Amos calls Kylie to discuss this new info, but she's busy putting away the vacuum. in the process, she manages to knock out the back of the closet, revealing a passage to the interior of the house. while thinking of his next steps, timmy rook Spann comes back to life and gives Amos instructions on how to record on this tape. the light bulb goes off, and Amos hears young Kylie playing with an imaginary friend, who then speaks. this is interspersed with scenes of Kylie progressing through the interior of the house, arriving at Eugene's hovel and finding a bear. they don't kick things off in a positive foot. and Kylie scratches and claws her way through the walls until she sees an opening. it takes it, causing her to burst through the pantry and into the kitchen. she dips the Freak out of there, hot-wiring a car and speeding to the police department. she gives a breathless account of what happened to the officer, who doesn't seem to take it seriously. okay, put that [ __ ] cleaner the rest of the blue. what do you say? hey, respect the badge. he two finger pecks his way through that report. as Amos, utilizing the tracker, races to meet her. he charges into the station to corroborate her story. meanwhile, Miriam shows up at the house. she finds the vest, but the holes have been covered over. she picks up the rest. when the police finally show up, everything appears to be in order. Kylee does her best to show them. when she can't, she tries to convince him it was me, ghost the noises, the power, those stolen photo with him. this does provide a complete explanation of all the unusual occurrences. unfortunately for her, they find the weed, so now they know she's a terrible person and a likely liar. Denis shows up looking extra oily, ready to dole out therapeutic suggestions. Denis pushes hard at the crazy two are trying to explain everything that's happened in terms of the mental disorder. fed up, Kylee takes one last go at convincing everyone by running into the kitchen and ripping out the drywall. but the gambit doesn't pay off. Eugene is too good at covering his tracks. needing a way to explain all of these occurrences, along with the voice on the tape, Denis diagnoses dissociative personality disorder. the group starts a discussion about having Kylee committed to an institution to keep her supervised and consistently medicated. as they attempt to broach the topic with her. dentist bites hard on a tasty treat and almost cracks his tooth in the process. and in defiance of property time decorum, he removes his partial revealing that he too has a dental plate. that dirty freak. Kylee feigns cooperation to lower their guard and gets her mom to join her in the hallway. she tells her what she suspects and enlists her help to keep men occupied so she has time to look for evidence. miriam immediately dives into a conversation of maximum inanity. not you wouldn't make nice. the thing about buffets is all the young kids. I mean, sure, it's a great place to throw birthday parties, but I wouldn't want your six-year-olds fist and my creme brulee. thanks for much. as she does this, Kylee finds an early incident report for sunshine Grove that shows Dennis was there as a student. he was pummeled on his first day by a fifteen year old girl downstairs. Mary and pushes Dennis to the limits of his facade. Miriam. Miriam, charged with the task of keeping them both in the living room, ends up downstairs with Kylie. she contends that she had to let Dennis leave to use the bathroom. when they returned, the officers gone and the bathroom is empty. the ladies go upstairs where they find Dennis leaving the bathroom, sweaty and flushed. he claims he was upstairs to be discreet, while they try to play it cool both sides of the conversation, since the others lying fed up. Kylee hits with the fact, first day on the job you get the [ __ ] kicked out of you by a fifteen year old girl. that kind of been fun. they have a brief scuffle involving cheese graters and laundry baskets, and the ladies end up in the bathroom with the dead officer. they do their best to commandeer a weapon or send a signal, but end up getting either, thanks to Eugene, but not completely unscathed. they get to a safe place, and then Amos shows up. Denis claims that Eugene is the killer to elicit his help, but then knocks him out at the first opportunity. as Denis tries to find his way into the walls, the rest of them find themselves in the Eugene's lair. Kylie's phone has been Eugene eyes, so now it just turns on the microwave. they look through some artwork that shows Eugene has been part of the family the whole time, having been present for all of their major life milestones. in a bid to help, he shows them his prime hiding spot. but it doesn't work. Denis busts through the wall like the kool-aid man, but his immediately chamberpot advice. yeah, that sounds about right. they have a brief pursuit on the roof that ends with Denis falling onto the patio furniture below. but that's not the end of it. he shows up again. right when they think it's over. as Denis goes to work, Eugene tags in with a nice stabbing in German. Kiley obliges in for extends big time. by way the chin, it turns out that the fork has been Eugene eyes as well. usually hits the fuses, flips a switch and pops Dennis's head like a soggy balloon. seven months later, Kylie's completed her rehab, graeme is on the mend, and everyone appears to be getting along well. we even get indication that Eugene has been formally integrated into the family. I can't just turn off by it's a few minutes of press. I don't know. it doesn't increase anything. it shouldn't be. it's been on the charger all night. and with that, we conclude, housebound, an incredibly well made, charming ghost story with a twist. it doesn't rely solely on the twist. it's more like a diversion for the plot. it comes early. it fits all the details, and it doesn't feel cheap or gimmicky. you should give it a try when you get a chance. I hope you enjoyed this summary. thank you for watching. [Music]. 