you there. boy. what day is it? why? it's friday, sir. it's one division, one division, one division. okay, so episode three ended with a cliffhanger that even hawkeye didn't see coming, and we closed out with monica being tossed out faster than the inhumans. after that terrible first series, this entry flips the script to answer a lot of questions that we have over the show. i absolutely love it when a film or series does this, whether it's the two towers opening with a perspective of gandalf lost, showing us the plane crash from the view of the others, or back to the bloody future 2, showcasing morty not trying to bone his mum again, it always feels like it adds a lot of context. as always, we're gonna be breaking it all down, but if this is your first time here, i'm your host, paul, and i just want to give a huge thank you for getting our breakdowns trending on youtube two weeks in a row. i love you three thousand. now let's get into the spoilers. okay. so monica rambo is someone that i feel we need to talk about in general before we get into what happens in the episode itself. her debut in the mcu actually happened all the way back in the 1990s, when we saw her as a kid in captain marvel, starring brie larson. nick fury clearly had his eye on her mother. we find out in the episode that she was a founder of sword. and then monika got the job through knowing her prob probably had some qualifications too. she will of course, be going on to be more in line with her comic book counterpart, which we'll now be discussing in general. as always, though, time codes are below if you want to just skip ahead to the breakdown. but the next part of the video kind of fills in the who's who of the big names. now under the name photon, moniker is able to modulate her own energy to change her appearance so that she can look like anyone she wants. monika can also fly, fire energy blasts and absorb the energy of things around her. she also possesses superhuman speed, can turn invisible and phase through solid matter. not to jump too far ahead, but we know that she will be featuring alongside ms marvel and carol danvers and captain marvel 2. so expect to see a lot more from her in the marvel universe. now, alongside her is fbi agent jimmy wu, who he last saw in ant-man in the wasp. the guy was fascinated by magic, and i don't need to spell it out, that wonder bewitched what. but clearly in that film, he was assigned to look after scott because he broke the sokovia records. similar to this, wanda did too. and it's even possible that he was shifted to her after lang because of his job. in general, it turns out that he was actually the voice on the other end of the radio, and has been desperately trying to save not only moniker, but the town's folk as well. on top of the pair, we also discovered more about the enigmatic beekeeper. and initially there were theories that he was going to turn into swarm, though this could be the case, for now, he stands more as a demonstration of how the ins and outs of the bubble work. i absolutely love things being shown to us from sword's perspective. and though this is never said in the entry, the fact that they were chosen over shield could hint out what's going on. in the series itself, due to the commercials, it's long been speculated that hydra have something to do with wonder being trapped, and that they, along with agnes and mephisto, are behind it all. this was hinted at by the struck a watch, the hydra soak and phil holding a newspaper in a way in which hydrant looked like hydra. the last time we saw them in the mcu was when mitchell carson was running off with darren cross's pin particle. and we already know from the falcon in the winter soldier trailer that they're making a big comeback, like the inhuman should. wow. wow. as we learned in the winter soldier, hydra actually infiltrated shield. and thus it makes sense why sword would be chosen over them. nick fury's journey during the post-credits scene of far from home was traveling through space, which is typically the type of mission that sword go on. but that could be me reaching. and maybe they're just on earth. potentially, though, hydro want to weapon nice wonder, and may be using her own powers to create a bath like simulation in which he's trapped. after doing a binge watch of the mcu. recently, i noticed that the ending of avengers end game basically had a very similar aesthetic to one division, with both her and steve traveling back to a 1950s alternate reality to be with the one that they love. thus, they could possibly be using this notion to make her do their evil bidding. but we'll, of course discuss that later in the video. now, speaking of end game, paul bettany actually revealed something earlier this week that could have sealed the vision in imdb's ask each other anything. he revealed that there was a post-credits scene at the end of the movie that had wonder unzipping a body bag with vision in it. [ __ ]. cut the scene, as we now know, but that doesn't mean that it won't pop up again down the line, perhaps showing one of the heartbreaking reasons that led to the events of the season. now, as for the episode itself, we open with monaco waking up in a hospital after recovering from the blip. we later learned that her mother, maria, died two years after the snap. and thus she spent the time after that not truly knowing what happened to her daughter, though she held out hope she would return. it's so impactful how, from monica's perspective, she was sat next to her mother in bed as she was just about to be discharged, and then in the next second, she was gone. the opening is amazing, and it truly brings the full weight that one would feel if something like this actually happened. so far we've only really seen the good side of the blip, but the panicking confusion that happens here is astounding. and it's one of the best openings in an mcu property ever. i loved watching her realize that her mother had passed away, and that she now had to attempt to return to a normal life, though it would be impossible. we cut to the sentient weapon observation response division, or sword for short, to find monica returning to her job to find that her id has expired. on a news report, we can see a mother and daughter hugging, with the headline, the blip brings back loved ones. this is, of course, a slap in the face to monica, as both she and her mother should have been reunited like the people in the picture, but they were cheated out of their last goodbye by thanos. if maria had been taken instead, or along with monica, then they would have got some time together to finally say farewell. and it just feels completely depressing in the show that's already slightly depressing. now here we meet acting director tyler hayward, who pretty much becomes the kind of authoritative figure that these fed dramas are full of. a cool little point that comes from him is he actually plays into one of the fan theories slightly. and the clues that have been given to us so far throughout the series, it's been theorized that everyone other than wonder is acting. and this was cemented by vision, who said that the whole world is a stage. moniker initially calls him director, which he corrects to acting director, perhaps being a cute little nod to what's going on in the show. overall, we see a plaque for maria, whose nickname was, of course, also photon, hinting to us the direction that her daughter could be going when filling in her shoes. maria is pretty much the peggy carter of her organization. and similar to peggy, she met a captain that inspired her to build a law enforcement agency. we learned monica is also the first to report in. and everyone else is likely taking a break, probably to be with their family. sword used to be investigating space travel, but since the blip took out half the staff, they pointed their eyes to earth instead. there's some sort of awkwardness between the pair, as monica should have named her mother's replacement, but because of the snap, she wasn't able to, perhaps meaning that there may be some bad blood between the two. down the line, maria implemented guidelines to keep the vanished returned on earth. and nurse moniker as hell back from doing things that she wants to, probably because her mother sort of wanted to look after her from beyond the grave. creepy. now, behind tyler, we can also see a circular map, which juxtaposes the hexagonal ones that we see in west view later, showing the differences between the realities very subtly. hexagons have, of course, appeared throughout the season so far. and wonders powers in the comics are, in fact, called hex 2. therefore monika is saying that wonder is the one doing it does make a lot of sense, but we'll talk about how that might be a misdirect later in the video. monica is sent on a missing person's mission that turns into a missing town one. and it's at this point that we get a proper view of west view from the outside. and we've already broken down the west view sign for having the initials w and v, which stands for wonder and vision, and for having the letters tv in the middle of it. however, the slogan of the town also reads home. it's where you make it, which, of course, ties into how wonder has made her home and the fake reality there. we can also see that monika has a sword id badge around her neck. and because of this, we can assume that certain items of clothing are transformed upon entering the reality, just in the same way that the hazmat suit became a beekeeper outfit, monika's badging id transformed into the sword necklace that we saw in episode 3. here she meets jimmy, boosting out the tricks that you learned from ant-man, and also two police officers who don't seem to know what's going on, claiming that they come from east view. now to me, this highlights that there's also force on the outside controlling their brains and what they perceive as wonder wouldn't be able to do this. a similar thing happened in the book it by stephen king, as pennywise was actually able to mentally influence the adults so that they didn't look too deeply into the missing children. it's extremely similar here, with the police being completely nonchalant about the vanishing town, almost like they've been mind controlled, which they definitely have. now, jimmy brings up that he's looking after a missing person from the witness protection program. and we don't actually learn who this is. it is said that it's a man. and it could be ralph, who has been missing from the show itself. may also be norm as he was called a communist. and though not a missing person, he did seem very suspicious. now, early on, i got a lot of x-file vibes. and if the show is aping other tv series so far, i would say that this is the closest thing that this episode pulls from. monica sends in a drone, and as we predicted in episode 2, the helicopter was indeed one of these. it disappearing makes monica put her hand in the membrane. and she mustn't have seen alien, because look, stick in your face and stuff. it's the last thing you want to do. jimmy goes for help, and we are reintroduced to wisecracking darcy, played by kat dennings. due to her experience in thor and astrophysics, she's been brought in to help to get to the bottom of what's going on. as we know, the ending of the dark world dealt with going through multiple realities and dimensions, and that she has experience to pick up the correct signals. she was actually the person watching the tv at the end of episode 1, and has been scanning things for clues, bringing everything together. now at the sword response space, we watch as their plan seems to be just losing drones. but darcy hooks up to an old physio scope to tune into the frequencies of the show. this is made by lexington instruments, which could be a nod to alexander lexington, a mutant in the marvel universe. slowly they piece together the identities of the town folk, and these provide some major clues. now, dottie is not in the lineup at all, perhaps suggesting that she isn't actually a member of the town and is one of the big bads, potentially the grim reaper, mephisto or nightmare. going with the latter two, the villains could be using the twins as a way to manifest into physical form, so that they can enter the mc reality, as until now they've existed solely in their own planes. however, this could also be a red herring, as dottie didn't appear until the second episode, and the photos that we see are only from episode one, perhaps leading us astray when we should be focusing on someone else. that is agnes. unlike the rest, she's missing id and therefore, i think the theory that she is agatha harkness gains a lot more weight if sword were unable to track her down, it's likely because she wanted to lie low and never register with any organizations due to her immortality. agatha has lived for centuries, and it is possible that she met with wonder and showed her how to boost their powers in order to create this new dimension. in the first episode, she told us that her wedding anniversary with ralph was on the 2nd of june. and this is actually the day that the first salem witch trials took place. it is possible, as these began, she pledged her allegiance to the dark lord mephisto. and there are a number of other clues. i've covered this in a lot more detail on other videos and don't want to just retread all ground. but she did say that ralph looks better in the dark. also, make sure that no one knows i called herb ralph in the last video, because that would make me look like a right idiot, wouldn't it? now they ask the questions that we've been doing all along, which is a nice little touch that shows marvel knew what the main talking points would be. we can also tell from the driving licenses and monica driving in, that west view is indeed in new jersey, which has long been theorized. it's nice to have the location finally confirmed. and it's very close to the base that we saw in avengers endgame, though difficult to make out. there is a bit of text on everyone's name that basically asks if wonder is controlling the whole town. i know this question. it does seem like it gets an answer at the end. i don't think that she fully is. there's also mr hart, who we learn is called todd davis, which is actually the name of an extra from iron man 3, but beyond that, i couldn't find anything else. now, another interesting element is the colorization of the drone, which perhaps shows that sometimes wonder loses her control over the reality and is unable to hold everything in place. this, of course, happened with the blood on doddy's hand, showing that when she's distracted, it is possible to beat her, though she can always reset things in the sewers. we follow the beekeeper, and his fate still remains unknown. we know that he wasn't sent outside of the bubble and that the time he spent inside there was erased. so perhaps he's been transformed into something else. if the theories about him being swarm or true, then this would be an amazing origin story, as the villain pretty much exists as a swarm of bees most of the time, meaning that is mad at could have been highly altered by such an occurrence. kurta, darcy and wu sharing chips, and the ladder talks about having babies himself. not gonna lie here, kind of hope these characters hook up at some point, but i guess we're gonna see. last week, we did wonder why we never saw the clip of monica being thrown out of the reality as it was in the trailer. however, we finally get it shown here as we switch perspectives back to wonder, who not only erases time, but also manifests her powers to send monica flying out of the dome. monica also has octagon earrings, which juxtaposes the idea of hexagons, hammering home that she was opposed to the pocket dimension in some way. now, as mentioned earlier, rambo does eventually become photon in the comics. and i actually have a theory that when she was hit with wanda's powers and then thrown out of the membrane, that she gained these abilities and will have them going forward. a lot of photons power set, including the ability to change appearance, are all things that we've seen demonstrated in this pocket dimension with the shifting of time periods. thus, it could be possible that wanda's power and the reality have merged together into her, making her close to a comic book counterpart. on the outside, she says, it's wonder, but i think that this is a misdirect to make us think that it is. a lot of the time, things have just been forced on her, such as the heavily speeded of pregnancy and basically a lot of the major plot points. just after throwing moniker out of the reality. we can also see some giraffe statues. giraffes are actually born with the ability to stand up, unlike a lot of animals. and this hints to the hastiness of the cycle that the twins went through, hinting to me that someone or something is subliminally influencing her to carry things out. she also sees vision as he was when he died, which to me, paints her out as more of a victim of her own trauma, rather than the big bad that a lot of people think she is. in general, i feel that villains have to be evil, whereas wanda really isn't. she's someone struggling with the mental health issues and despair that comes with grief, and has likely been manipulated. there is, of course, five more episodes left as well, so i can't see the big reveal that she's the body coming this early on, and we will likely have a lot more going forward. we close out to voodoo child by jimi hendrix, hinting to her power and that she may be running the show from now on for quite a while. however, whilst this play, she also picks up one of her kids. and to me, this sort of symbolizes the occult theory that mephisto is wanting to take over their body. now, as for the episode as a whole, i thought it was incredible. you know, from the opening, i was absolutely hooked. and it was just such a good way to handle the severity of the consequences of not only the snap, but also bringing everyone back. i think this was easily the strongest of the episodes thus far. and seeing things through the eyes of someone on the ground level, trying to adjust to missing five years of their life, was a brilliant choice. now that we have the added context of what's going on, i think we will have a much better appreciation for the show. i also think, retroactively, it will make the past episodes even better, now that we have more answers. both darcy and jimmy were also some inspired choices to follow, and i love the lighthearted touches of wit that they brought whilst dealing with the severity of the events. episode 4 was amazing, and this show has me fully hooked. now i think that this is an incredible entry. okay, so for the next part of the video, we will be talking about some of the spoilers that have been posted. so make sure you click out of the breakdown if you don't want anything ruined. this was actually posted by disney themselves during a making up video on the series, and it does seem to hint at where things could be going. now, in the background of this image, we can clearly see wonder man. and fans of the comic the vision and skull at witch will know that he plays a pivotal arc in that book. the story itself is somewhat inspiring the events of the show, as we already know that the grim reaper is featuring in it, and his brother is actually simon williams, aka wonder man. so things do link together quite well. now, i have heard a lot of theories at the vision we see might actually be wonder man, and that the grim reaper has brought him back to life through his brother's body, which he is unaware of inhabiting. in the source material, vision's mind, was actually a duplicate of wonder man's brain. and this could be carried across here, though we won't know for definite until it's actually revealed. now, huge shout outs to heil hydra on my last video for sending me down this rabbit hole. and after investigating it further, i do think that it lines up. wonder man actually has a lot of the same skill set as vision has, but he possesses super speed. before this series, vision never moved faster than a speeding bullet. and it did seem odd that he was suddenly able to do this when we hadn't seen it before. it would have been super useful when trying to avoid thanos's forces. and hey, maybe he is actually in wonder man's body and just doesn't realize it yet. now, whether this turns out to be true or not, i don't know. i think it does tie in with the comics. but marvel may be misleading us on purpose. we've all seen the fake shots that they drop in trailers. and i'll never forget the the hulk at the end of infinity war. you won't, you won't fool me again. now, i have been long thinking that when this reality collapses, that vision will go with it too. but this could be a way of keeping him around. and it also means that paul bear and he doesn't have to cake himself in beetroot juice every single day. there were also some leaked young avengers funko's posted that seem to show what could be the team, as well as wiccan and speed, in their full costumes. however, i'm not sure whether these are fan made or not, but i do think they're worth talking about, just in case they aren't now, and of course, love to hear your thoughts on these leaks and what theories you take from them. and obviously, we won't know until they're revealed in the show itself, but it's always fun to speculate and say where you think things will be going. there's also the episode itself, which i'd love to hear your thoughts on. and as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize straw on the 30th of january, in which we're giving away three copies of the hobbit and lord of the rings, 4k box sets to our subscribers. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode, if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of some of the theories on what's going on in the show, or episode three, which will be linked on screen right now. without the way, thanks for sitting through the video. i hope you enjoy the weekend. i've been paul, and i'll see you next time. you better be back. yeah, promise me that. take care. peace. [Music]. 