hi everybody. today i want to recap a romance drama movie called molina. hope you enjoy. on june 10th, 1940, in the small sicilian town of castelsuto, a teenage boy named renato experiences three major events. italy enters world war ii. he receives a new bike, and he first sees the beautiful and sensual molina, who is the most desired young woman in town. [Music]. her husband is in the armed forces fighting the british in africa, and she lives alone. because of her looks and her solitary status, she is an object of lust for all the town's men and of hatred for its women. she keeps an eye on her infirm old father, who lives alone, until he gets an anonymous note slandering her, which causes him to reject her. renato becomes obsessed with molina, spying on her in her house and stalking her when she leaves it to fuel his erotic fantasies. he steals some of her underwear from her clothesline. when his parents find it in his bedroom, they become upset and try to break his fixation. melina gets the news that her husband is killed, adding grief to her isolation. rumors grow around her, which she unwisely fuels by allowing an unmarried air force officer to visit her after dark. when she is denounced and put on trial, the officer sends testimony that he was nothing more than an occasional friend. the betrayal hurts, but molina says nothing to condemn him. after her acquittal, her advocate pays her a visit and rapes her. renato decides to be molina's protector, asking god and his saints to watch over her, and performing little acts of vengeance against her detractors. he does not realize that his views of her a little better than those of the townspeople, and has no idea how melina herself feels. meanwhile, the war reaches sicily, and the town is bombed by the allies, killing her father. now penniless and universally scorned, with nobody willing to give her work, she sinks into prostitution. the townsfolk are happy to see her as a [ __ ] rather than a dangerous widow. when nazi forces occupy the town and renato encounters his idol with two german soldiers, he faints. his mother decides it is demonic possession, taking him to a priest for exorcism. but his more practical father takes the lad to the town brothel. there he fantasizes that the prostitute initiating him is molina. the germans leave, and american troops enter the town, welcomed by ecstatic cheers. the women stormed the hotel and drag out molina, ripping off her clothes, beating her and cutting off her hair. to escape further persecution. she leaves the hostile town. a few days later, her husband, nino, who has survived as a prisoner of war, but lost an arm, comes back looking for her. his house has been taken over by displaced people, and nobody wants to tell him how to find his wife. [Music] renato leaves him an anonymous note saying that she still loves him, but has suffered misfortunes and gone to the city of messina. a year later, nino and molina return and are seen. since she is still married and living once again with her they realize that she is no longer a threat, so people begin speaking of her with more respect. when she goes to the market, the women walking [Music] an enigmatic home. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. thanks for watching. consider to subscribe and see you again in the next video. 