in 1978, a movie came out where a six-year-old boy murdered his sister. they put him in an asylum, he escaped. and for a lot of movies, he spent his time killing a lot of people for no reason. but that's normal. what's not normal is that the protagonist and a lot of main characters keep dying and reviving with the only goal of being able to keep making more halloween movies. that's why today on the summarizer halloween, the one from 2018, which i think is the 11th, but i'm not sure. this is the story of michael myers, who, 40 years after his first murder, is locked up in a mental hospital. one day he's visited by two journalists named dana and aaron, who were doing a podcast about his story and won an interview. so there they are received by this character named dr sartain, who is the person taking care of michael during all these years. but he's kind of angry because they're going to transfer his patient to another hospital. that is a bit shitty. anyway, this doesn't matter much for now, because the two reporters and the doctor go out to the yard and approach michael. there aaron introduces himself, tell him that he's been investigating his case for years and wants to know about him, about that night and if he feels any guilt about what happened there. he shows him something a friend gave him, which is the actual mask. and even though michael doesn't even realize it, the rest of the patients start to freak out and scream. and although they think he can feel the mask, michael does absolutely nothing. and the journalists end up going to another woman's house. at first she doesn't let him in, but then they tell her that they are journalists recording a podcast, offer her some money, and she ends up accepting and now we meet jamie lee curtis, who here. she's called laurie. and if you can see her face is familiar, it's because you saw one of the videos of this channel, or because you saw one of the 10 halloween movies that, even though she doesn't appear in all of them, she's in most of the movies. in the first movie, michael wants to kill her, but she survives. in another movie, we find out that michael wanted to kill her because she's his other sister. and in the 10th movie, she dies, but it doesn't matter much, because here she is alive again. that's impossible. the point is that the reporters tell her that they are investigating her brother's murders. and despite lori telling them he's a monster, they want to know why he killed her sister when he was 6 years old, and why he then spent 10 more movies killing people without reason. then they also start talking about when lori lost custody of her daughter. they tell her that aaron took the mask and the guy didn't do anything. and finally, they proposed that she go talk to her brother. but the plan turns out to be a failure because she says no, and also asks them for the money she was promised for the interview. meanwhile, we meet the family of laurie's daughter, named karen, with her husband named ray, and her daughter named alison, who, in case you're bad at math, is lori's granddaughter. you're a genius. at that same night, they're going to award the girl for something i can't remember, and she wants her grandmother to go, but her mother says she can't. well, actually, it's not that she couldn't go, but since karen doesn't get along with her mother, she doesn't want her to go. after that, allison meets up with two friends and tells them that her family gets a little weird on halloween. oh, yeah, because i didn't tell you. but all this happens on halloween. that's why they call it that. at school. we also meet cameron, who's allison's boyfriend, and apparently that same night he's gonna meet her parents. and we also meet this other friend who isn't even worth much knowing his name, because he's gonna die in five minutes. in class, alison looks out the window and finds her grandmother. she gives her the money that the journalist gave her, and they start talking about how she must overcome michael. there they talk about things that don't matter, and she seems to be a bit crazy and keeps shooting guns. the night of michael myers transfer arrives, the doctor gets in with all the patients, and while all this is going on, laurie watches him from outside, drinking vodka. but she doesn't do anything, because after that, she goes to the family dinner, where everything was going well until she arrives. because she's quite drunk, she drinks her daughter's wine and ends up crying at the table. there, she talks to her granddaughter for a while and leaves without this scene mattering much. what does matter is that on some road, a child is traveling with his father, when suddenly they come across michael's truck that apparently crashed. and there are a lot of patience free oh [ __ ] there. the man goes to check it out, but then the boy also gets out and finds a wounded policeman, who tells him to run, but he ignores him, finds the doctor and accidentally shoots him, and finally gets back in the car for michael myers first kill. when the police arrive, they find the dead cop, who i guess was also killed by myers, and the kid's father, who's also [ __ ] up. but the one who isn't dead is the doctor, who gives him the news that michael myers managed to escape. oh [ __ ] the next day, the journalists continue investigating the case and go to the grave of judith myers, who is the sister of michael he killed when he was six years old. and there we realized that he's watching everything from a distance. at one point, dana goes to the toilet, and someone enters behind her. that person starts knocking on the doors, and when he gets to hers, he wants to enter, but she doesn't let him. and then she gives her some teeth of some guys he just killed. because outside, aaron discovers two more dead people. and then he goes into the toilet to save his friend. well, he doesn't actually save [ __ ], because michael attacks them and ends up killing them both. and now he finally steals the mask they had in the trunk. and now michael myers is back after 40 years. at this point, the grandmother hears the news from the bus and starts to prepare for the worst. after that, she shows up at her daughter's house and tells the whole family that they must protect themselves and hunt him down. but it's too late. because while the police discover that the murders were done by michael, he has fun doing what he likes to do most, killing people for no reason, on halloween night. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. the last girl that died was allison's friend. but i didn't introduce her to you because i'm tired of introducing characters that eventually die. the only important thing is that she was working as a babysitter when michael showed up and killed her. and when the police show up, we also learned that he killed her boyfriend. oh. [ __ ] while all this was going on, alison and her boyfriend were at a halloween party. but at one point he kisses another girl. and when she gets mad and goes to talk to him, he's drunk, and i don't know why, but he breaks her phone. so now the whole family's looking for her, and she can't answer their phone, calls back in the other house. the police officer and laurie arrive. she sees her brother through the window and starts to chase him on the way, they managed to shoot him, but finally michael escapes. after that, the rest of the police arrive with the doctor, who tells us that supposedly, the bus driver lost control once michael started attacking the guards. i don't believe him [ __ ] though, and i think he had something to do with all this, but it'll never be cleared anyway. now we're back to allison, who's coming back from the party with her friend, who tells her he knows a shortcut, but at that moment, her friend wants to kiss her. she doesn't wanna. she leaves him in the friend zone and ends up leaving alone. it could be worse, though, at least i'm not getting stabbed by some random guy on the street. and on top of that, michael myers appears, and although at first he thinks he's a neighbor in disguise, later attacks him and finally kills him. see, it's the exact opposite. oh, it happened. anyway. at that moment, allison hears the screams, sees her friend dead and the killer behind. so she starts to run and ends up escaping until she's finally reunited with other people there. she gets into a car and leaves with the policeman and the doctor. while in the grandmother's house, they enter the secret basement where she has a lot of supplies weapons, and they are ready to kill him. at one point, they intersect michael, and the policeman hits him with the car. and even though he's apparently dead, the doctor tells him to stay away from his patient, kills the cop, steals his mask, and now it looks like he's the new killer. well, i don't know. the point is that he puts the body in the van, takes off the mask and tells the girl that everyone wants to kill michael, but observing the crimes is an excellent opportunity to understand the mind of the killers. there he tells her that he worked with michael for years, but always in a controlled environment, and always remained indifferent, without speaking. but tonight he's going to be able to really see him in his habitat but at that moment, michael wakes up. the girl escapes and finally kills the doctor without even speaking to him say something. as the girl escapes, two other cops show up, but apparently don't see him. and at the grandmother's house, they are preparing to kill him, when suddenly the police car arrives. but when the dad approaches, there are two dead policemen. and on top of that, michael appears to kill rey. after that, karen hides in the basement, and lori starts to wait behind the door, which doesn't make much sense because the door is made of glass. so the obvious happens. michael attacks her, and she manages to escape by shooting him in the hand. so now she goes into the basement, which she should have done from the beginning. at one point, michael enters the house, and it looks like he's going down to the basement, even though he's missing a couple of fingers. and i don't quite know why, i guess to give the movie a little bit of fun. the grandma comes out to the basement to kill him. at one point, it looks like he's hiding there, but no, it looks like he's in this room, but no. and it looks like he's in this other room, but there's absolutely nothing there either. and on top of that, he walks around the house with a shotgun that's way too long. and there's a room where there's no one either. and please god, during 5 minutes, this woman is walking around the house and nothing happens. later, she enters a room where there are some mannequins, and because of the blood, it looks like he's inside the closet. well, actually, that was the policeman. god knows you brought him there. and the important thing is that nothing happens for about two more minutes, until he finally appears. and the fight between the two siblings starts [Music]. the fight is less exciting than [ __ ], though, and the grandma ends up passed out on the ground. but at that moment, allison enters, and we realize that the grandma escaped in an identical scene to the end of the first movie. allison hides in the basement, and when michael is about to enter, grandma appears, and the final fight begins. happy halloween, michael. [Music]. they're the guys locked up in kind of a cage they had prepared. they activated gas. she throws a flare, and finally, michael myers dies on fire. although don't get too excited, because once he had already died on fire and revived. and besides, there are two more movies confirmed. oh. [ __ ], so that was halloween. comment which series or movies you'd like me to summarize for future videos. see you later. okay. bye. [Music]. 