after a global pandemic turns the majority of humankind into violent, so-called infected, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's language leads the hunt for patient zero and a cure. welcome to total recaps. today we will explain a 2018 action horror titled patient zero. take a seat and enjoy. scientists are investigating a novel super strain of rabies called mad dog illness, which first manifested itself in people. the illness spreads at an alarming rate, to the point that civilization is on the brink of collapsing. when individuals are bitten, they become aggressive. within 90 seconds, only a few uninfected individuals survive and seek shelter under the surface. a tiny group of medical and military professionals are searching frantically for patient zero, whose blood scientists want to utilize as a vaccine. morgan, scooter, dr rose and colonel knox assemble to conduct an investigation. morgan prepares the song by playing it before stepping into the booth. because their brain, neurology has been rewired. the only thing that has an effect on them is music, which becomes a weapon against them. morgan was bitten by an infected but did not get infected as a result of the bite. on the other side, he has the capacity to interact with others who have been infected by the virus. he is the only one who has the ability to communicate with and be understood by them. the fact that morgan is sick makes him vital to dr rose's study, as she employs morgan to interview diseased inmates in her quest for case zero. joe, the recently infected was responsible for the deaths of 250 soldiers. he is from minnesota, and he got afflicted with the virus in october. dr rose gathers the information as soon as possible, since this is the earliest period of infection that they have discovered. joe is encouraged to take a glass of wine by morgan in order to make him at ease. the military, on the other hand, stops the interview. joe is startled once again by the noises emanating from the microphone. the colonel then enters the booth where joe is restrained and shoots the guy in the head. morgan and others are shocked at what knox has done. knox is cautioned by dr rose not to overstep his authority in the future. if he does not comply, she will remove his command from the lab. morgan is in the bathroom when dr rose enters to check on him. rose administers some tranquilizers to morgan in order to calm him down. morgan, on the other hand, will not take any more. he confesses to rose that he has been experiencing nightmares and intense memories concerning his wife, janet for the last several months. he was unable to rescue her from the infected the previous year. but to then have some fun in the bathroom later on, morgan takes a syringe down to the subterranean headquarters for the team to administer. in this facility, janet is being kept prisoner as part of an experiment using morgan's blood. the next day, another infected is brought inside the facility. while the troops are able to put a pressure on the guy sitting in the chair, he unexpectedly breaks free and assaults the group. the monster attacks scooter, who jumps in to subdue it, only to get bitten on the arm. scooter is carried out by the squad before he is changed, but rose quickly slashes his arm in order to prevent the infection from spreading. scooter is subjected to an intense shock shortly after this occurs, and knox instructs the rest of the crew to restrain scooter, but it is too late. this time he becomes fully infected, and nox shoots him to save the others. following scooter's death, knox takes refuge in the toilet where he weeps for the unfortunate guy. next day, morgan has the opportunity to speak with the previous infected who bit scooter the day before. as the guy continues to refuse to provide any information, morgan tortures him with some obnoxious music. asked by morgan whether he knows who the initial infected was, the guy simply claims he is from minnesota and that he got infected in october of this year. he has refused to give any more information. morgan, enraged by the murder of his closest buddy, pulls out his pistol and aims it directly at the attacker. and rose makes an attempt to stop morgan. at the conclusion, the guy continues to remain quiet on the identity of patient zero. rose then gives a presentation about her study, she persuades general pierce to begin the search for patient zero in minnesota as soon as possible. the general's research, on the other hand, according to knox, is a waste of human resources and should be put to an end. rose believes that they will be unable to reverse engineer a vaccine if patient zero is not available. she stresses that the adaptive and strategic behavior seen in the infected is evolving at an ever-increasing pace. if the infected are not stopped, they will quickly move in greater groups and will eventually reveal the refuge. this time, though, general pierce is on rosa's side, rose draws blood from morgan once again in order to save janet. she is still perplexed as to why morgan's blood is the only one that is resistant to the virus. rose reports that some lab rats have made a full recovery after being given morgan's resistant blood. however, it only lasts for five minutes, which causes rose to be concerned about the treatment provided by morgan ciro. rose then reveals her feelings for morgan to him, but morgan is obsessed with janet. rose finds out she's pregnant after taking a pregnancy test a few days later. later, as the squad was paying tribute to their fallen teammates, an infected assaults the squad out of nowhere. knox, on the other hand, manages to make it through. he is holding the pistol and is on the lookout for the infected who has fled. morgan rushes in to save knox, just as he is going to be infected by the virus. later, the guy surrenders and expresses a desire to speak exclusively with morgan. strangely enough, the music had no effect on him this time around. he seems to be having a good time. even his smoking habits are those of a normal human being. because of his previous experience as a university professor, the crew has dubbed him the professor. he implies that not only are the infected becoming more intelligent, but they are also aware of this operation. the professor explains how he became infected with the virus. it happened on a typical day at the university. the professor was on the phone with his wife when an infected horde assaulted everyone. on his way out of the building, the professor was bitten by a student. he then went home and butchered his wife. morgan gets enraged and strikes the professor in the face. as a result, he is comforted by rose, who warns him not to allow the professor to take over the power. they continue their conversation, and he realizes something. it comes out that the infected have been planning to find out about morgan from the beginning of the episode. he goes down into the prison block to interrogate pete, the infected who came in recently. pete instantly slams his head against the wall, attempting to commit suicide, before morgan discovers their scheme. morgan then discovers a transmitter hidden within his chest, which reveals that the infected plant of the transmitter in order to determine the location of the facility. morgan takes it to general pierce, and he then orders the institution to be placed on complete lockdown. however, it is too late to prevent the attack of the infected. they appear out of nowhere and launch an assault on the civilians. general pierce sees that they have all broken in. in the military response by opening fire on the invaders. the squad is quickly overwhelmed. in the quarters, knox is chasing after rose in order to show her the way out. following that, he chooses to shoot general peace in order to buy some time. rose, on the other hand, is determined to return to the lab to collect her samples. she threatens knox with the pistol, and he agrees to let her go. she then shoots knocks, leaving him to die. meanwhile, morgan has made his way to jenna. she has shown significant improvement as a result of the experimental therapy. rose happens to run across the pair and cautions morgan that janet's symptoms may reappear at any point in the near future. morgan persuades her that janet is on the cure and that he would not go without her. the three of them then dash to the lab in order to get the samples. they collect the samples and enter the air duct. they stumble across a lab rat that has been infected with the virus, which janet kills before it can reach roads. at some point they will make their way to the parking lot, which is situated slightly below ground level. the professor approaches them and explains that he has come to the facility to kill morgan, who is a member of the cia. morgan is referred to as patient zero, and he poses a threat to their continued existence. the professor then engages in a ferocious battle with morgan. morgan uses a pipe to impale the professor, and after that, the professor yells for his companions to come join him. janet advises morgan and rose that they should flee and that she would buy them some time. morgan is then informed that he must leave her in order to rescue the baby. janet has a strong intuition that rose is expecting a child. morgan and rose continue their search for the tunnel through the woods until they come upon a motorbike. they then ride away, pursued by groups of infected thank you for watching. if you want to see more, make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications. see you later. 