Detective Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain a sensual drama film called, "Fifty Shades of Grey\xe2\x80\x9d. Rich with depravity and sadomasochism, this movie adds a twist to the usual love story. Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. 21-year-old Anastasia "Ana" Steele is an English literature major at Washington State University's satellite campus. Meek and mild-mannered, she contrasts the direct and driven Christian Grey, who is the 27-year old billionaire entrepreneur she's set to interview. The man sits atop his towering skyscraper, ready for his ten-minute interview with Miss Kavanaugh. But Kate Kavanaugh, Ana's roommate, has fallen sick, leaving Ana to interview him in her stead. Kate teases Ana about her wholesome outfit, and in turn, she kisses Kate's forehead before taking her leave. At the lobby of Mr. Grey's office, Ana is greeted by a plethora of beautiful blonde women wearing sleek and fitted attires. Already, she's feeling out of place with her more homely-looking ensemble. It\xe2\x80\x99s quickly made clear that Ana\xe2\x80\x99s not like other girls, she\xe2\x80\x99s badly dressed. But on a more serious note, Ana sticks out like a sore thumb because she contrasts the professional and self-assured women there with her more fidgety and awkward demeanor. One of the women directs Ana to Christian's room. As the door opens, Ana abruptly trips, interrupting Christian's contemplation by the window. When Christian approaches her, Ana is immediately dazed by his overwhelming yet eloquent aura. Throughout the interview, Christian intently stares at Ana, making her feel uncomfortable. She monotonously reads out the questions that Kate had prepared, which are unoriginal, to say the least. But after Christian\xe2\x80\x99s answers, Ana always has her own little quip for them, showing that she has a heaping spoonful of bluntness to go with her awkwardness. For instance, she asks Christian to what he owes his success, and when Christian answers that he's good at people, Ana retorts that maybe he's just lucky. And when Christian emphasizes that he has a way with knowing what makes people tick and harnessing talented people's efforts, Ana correctly and openly surmises that he's a control freak. Instead of being offended, Christian seems amused by Ana. Given his status, it\xe2\x80\x99s likely that there\xe2\x80\x99s not much people who have the candor to speak against him. Besides, Christian seems to wear his control freak title with a badge of pride. Almost forebodingly, he tells her that he exercises control in all things. After Ana asks if he feels passionate about the charity projects he does, Christian dismisses the projects as a smart business move. Unable to hide her disapproval, Ana doubles down on her question and proposes that Christian cares more than he lets on. He replies that some people say he has no heart and they say that because they know him well. For the next couple of questions, Ana stumbles over her words and even mentions that Christian\xe2\x80\x99s adopted, which she quickly apologizes for. This prompts Christian to ask if she has an actual question for him. Then, Ana clumsily blurts out, "Are you gay," making the both of them chuckle awkwardly. Ana apologizes for the question, explaining that Kate wrote it, but Christian does reply that he's not gay. At this point, Christian sits down, instructing Ana to forget Kate's questions and ask him something that she wants to know instead. Ana then alludes to an earlier statement that Christian made, that there are people who know him well. Ana says that she has a feeling that that isn't true. This strikes a chord with Christian, who\xe2\x80\x99s growing more and more fascinated by Ana's unexpected defiance and her astute mind. One of Christian's secretaries comes through the door to inform him that his next meeting's coming up. However, Christian abruptly cancels this to spend more time with Ana. With Christian saying that he wants to know more about her, their roles switch, and Christian's now the one asking questions. After asking her about literature, her education and her plans after college, he offers her a place in their local internship program. Ana is flustered by this, and she says that she doesn't think she'd fit in. When Christian asked her about literature, it wasn\xe2\x80\x99t just him flexing how cultured and well-read he is. He may have made a connection between Ana\xe2\x80\x99s interest in literature and the way she tried to see if there\xe2\x80\x99s anything behind his enigmatic and loveless fa\xc3\xa7ade. It\xe2\x80\x99s either Ana\xe2\x80\x99s an optimist who sees the good in people or literature has taught her that there\xe2\x80\x99s always something more behind that rich and smouldering jerk you\xe2\x80\x99re talking to. When the interview concludes, Ana steps out of the building, unbothered by the rain. Finally, she feels that she can truly breathe after their intense meeting. The following day, Ana goes to work in her job at Clayton's, a hardware store. Ana receives a call from her mother, who informs her that she won't be able to come to her graduation, much to Ana's disappointment. Suddenly, her boss calls her to help in another aisle. Ana follows him and is surprised to see Christian Grey right then and there in her hardware store. After getting over her initial shock, Ana assists Christian with purchasing a couple of peculiar items, including some cable wire, tape, and rope. At the checkout counter, Ana mentions that Kate had a hard time clearing a photo of him. To this, Christian offers to have a photo shoot, and he invites her and Kate. The photoshoot is held at the Heathman Hotel, where Christian is currently staying at. There, Ana's photographer friend, Jose, holds the photoshoot. Right after, Christian invites Ana for coffee. Christian asks if Jose's her boyfriend, noting how he would look at Ana. Then, he confirms if she's together with her boss at Clayton's, and Ana chuckles before saying that she isn't. As they go for coffee, the pair starts talking some more. It almost feels like a repeat of their first encounter. Ana remains as blunt and awkward as before, while Christian behaves like he has control over the conversation. Still, Ana never fails to point out that he\xe2\x80\x99s high-handed, and he\xe2\x80\x99d refute her by saying he\xe2\x80\x99s used to getting his way. Christian then tells her to tell him about her family, so Ana does. She talks about how her stepfather raised her and how her mother is on husband number four as she's an incurable romantic. When Christian asks if she's romantic, too, Ana offhandedly says that she has to be since she\xe2\x80\x99s a literature major. In the middle of her talking, Christian cuts her off, saying he can't do this before offering to walk her out. As they walk outside, Ana asks if he has a girlfriend, and Christian responds that he doesn't do the girlfriend thing. Suddenly, a biker almost hits Ana, so Christian pulls her out of the way. She closes her eyes when he touches her face, but Christian softly tells her that he's not the man for her and that he has to let her go. With a look of hurt, Ana bids him goodbye and walks away. Later that evening, Ana receives a package from Christian. Kate reads the note aloud, which contains a quote about how women know of the dangers of relationships because they read novels telling of them, and Ana identifies it as a quote from Tess of the d'Urbervilles. When she opens the package, she finds first edition copies of two Thomas Hardy novels, including Tess of the d'Urbervilles. Though she's stunned by the books, she resolves to return them, saying that they're too much. Frustrated with Christian's come-and-go behavior, she drinks. True to her name, Ana has a steely personality herself when provoked. She\xe2\x80\x99s not interested in tolerating a wishy-washy man like Christian, especially after he got her hopes up then dipped when he realized that she\xe2\x80\x99s a nerd. Kidding aside, it\xe2\x80\x99s clear that the two are at odds with each other. Ana\xe2\x80\x99s a believer of romance, and she\xe2\x80\x99s looking for something serious while Christian is daunted even by the prospect. At a bar, Ana and her friends have their graduation celebration. She drinks a lot more than usual then goes to line up for the women's bathroom. There, she spontaneously gives Christian a drunken call, sarcastically thanking him for the expensive books before informing him that she's returning them. Noticing her strange speech, Christian asks if she's been drinking, and when she confirms this, he orders her to go home. After calling him bossy, Ana starts doing impressions of Christian ordering her around and flip-flopping between wanting her to come closer and demanding her to go away. Despite Christian's adamance to know where she is, Ana refuses to tell him then hangs up on her phone. After a few seconds, Christian calls her, telling her not to go anywhere. It\xe2\x80\x99s a wonder how on Earth Christian managed to figure out which bar Ana\xe2\x80\x99s in. Does he have IT guys on his beck and call ready to track her down? Is he just Creep Extraordinaire? We may never know. Later, Ana steps out of the bar to get some air. Ana is shivering from the cold night when Jose follows her outside and puts a denim jacket over her. Suddenly, Jose confesses that he's always had feelings for her. He asks for a kiss, but Ana refuses. Insistent, Jose holds her tight to try and get a kiss from her, but Christian steps in just in time to push Jose away. Ana abruptly vomits on the ground, and while Christian's tending to her, Jose disappointedly walks away. Christian tells her that he'll take her back to his place, but Ana's worried about leaving Kate alone. To assure her, Christian says that he brought his brother, Elliot, along to tell Kate he's taking Ana with her. On the dance floor, Kate and Elliot are already dancing and having a good time together. Ana suddenly passes out, and Christian takes her to his hotel room. When Ana wakes up, she's wearing a different set of clothes. On the bedside table, there are two blue pills with a note "Eat me" written next to them and a glass of orange juice, which also has a note that says, "Drink me". As always, Christian has a high-handed approach with people, and it even shows in the way he wrote his memos. Ana complies with the notes, and Christian walks in from his morning jog. Ana is surprised when she finds out that Christian had undressed her and changed her clothes, and even more so when he reveals that he slept beside her. But Christian assures her that they didn't hook up since he's not into sleeping with corpses. After handing Ana a piece of bread, Christian takes his shirt off in front of her. As he gets on top of the bed with her, he comments about how if she were his, she wouldn't be able to sit down for a week. The two are locked in an intense moment, and Christian starts clarifying his intentions. He doesn't get involved in romantic relationships since his interests are very singular. Now, it\xe2\x80\x99s becoming more and more apparent that Christian\xe2\x80\x99s preference lies in something more sensual. But if he\xe2\x80\x99s just in it for the hook-ups, then it should be easy for him to just say it outright. Later, the two of them prepare to go outside with plans to meet again that evening. Christian flirts around with Ana, telling her how he wants to bite her lip. However, he says he won't be doing that without Ana's written consent. This takes Ana aback, but Christian saves the explanation for later. They enter the hotel elevator, and as soon as the doors close, Christian can no longer restrain himself, and he starts kissing Ana. But their little session is interrupted when the elevator doors open once again to let in several businessmen. Christian and Ana arrive at her apartment. There, a naked Elliot and a barely clothed Kate are hooking up on the couch. With an audience there, Elliot puts his pants back on before telling Kate, 'Laters, baby'. Christian finds this funny, so he decides to mimic his brother. Looking at Ana, he repeats 'Laters, baby' in the same tone. Once the Greys are gone, Kate starts interrogating Ana. But Ana only reports that Christian had just kissed her once and nothing more, and she comments on how odd everything is with him. It\xe2\x80\x99s hard to blame Ana for being confused. After all, it\xe2\x80\x99s not every day that someone tells you that they need your written consent to bite your lip. Consent is fine, but written? That feels like overkill. Then again, everything about Christian feels like overkill. During her shift at Clayton's, Ana can't stop thinking about what happened earlier, and she can barely contain her excitement for her upcoming night with Christian. Finally, evening comes, and Christian's driver, Taylor, goes to pick her up. Taylor takes Ana to the very top of a building where Christian is waiting with a helicopter next to him. As Christian buckles Ana onto the helicopter seat, Ana's heart starts to race when he moves his hand near her stomach. Adding to Ana's surprise, Christian tells her that he will be the one to maneuver the helicopter. The two of them head out, and they hover through the night and over New York City. The two of them eventually make their way to Christian's place. There, he makes Ana sign a non-disclosure agreement, keeping her from telling anyone about their relationship. Afterwards, he takes her to a door down the hall. He calls the room his playroom, and Ana wonders if he's talking about his Xbox. Cautious, Christian emphasizes that Ana can leave anytime she wants, not wanting to make her do anything against her will. Catching wind of his odd cautiousness, Ana demands him to open the door. Finally, Christian takes his well-kept key and opens the door, revealing a striking room with red, velvet walls. In the room are several kinds of toys and equipment ranging from whips, cuffs, collars, and more. Ana is stunned into silence, still processing the wave of emotions flooding her, while Christian worries that he might have upset her. It was certainly a jarring thing. Ana seems like the kind of woman with modest sensibilities, so this is a lot for her to take in. Not to mention the room is just flat-out tacky, so maybe she finds it too gaudy for words. He begs Ana to say something, and finally, Ana asks if women do those things to him or if it's the other way around. After answering that he does it on willing women, he explains that he's a dominant, and he wants Ana to be his submissive. He wants her to surrender herself willingly and completely to him. Despite his explanation, Ana's still having a hard time following, and she asks what she'll get out of being a sub. To this, Christian confidently replies that she'll have him. He adds that Ana would have to stay in a room of her own wherever he is for three days a week, and the two of them won't be sleeping in the same bed. When Ana asks what would happen if she declines these conditions, Christian says he'll understand completely, especially since he believes himself to be incapable of forming romantic relationships. After all that, Christian starts discussing the contract. There will be a contract specifying everything Ana would and would not be willing to do. This is when Ana admits that she's never slept with anyone before, much to Christian's surprise. Hearing this, Christian decides to be her first, and with that, they hook up. Early in the morning, Ana wakes up without Christian in bed, just as he promised. Unaccepting of this, Ana looks for Christian, and she finds him playing the piano in the living room. Ana coaxes him by approaching him naked, and they hook up again. After that, Ana succeeds in having Christian fall asleep next to her. Finally, after many days of going back and forth, the two get a part of what they want from each other. Christian got to be Ana\xe2\x80\x99s first, and he got to sleep with the woman who intrigued him so. As for Ana, she plucked out a semblance of romance from Christian. Later, Ana makes breakfast for Christian while wearing nothing but her top. She dances to some music while cooking, unaware that Christian is watching her with great amusement. Later that day, Christian's mother makes an unannounced visit, interrupting yet another session between Christian and Ana. After greeting his mother, he introduces Ana to her. Christian's mother is pleased by this as Ana's the first girl that he's introduced to her. She then leaves after their brief encounter. When Christian and Ana get the chance to talk again, Ana asks how many women have stayed in Christian's apartment, and he says 15. Ana's taken aback, but she explains that she doesn't want out, she's just not keen on being whipped in Christian's red room of pain. She starts asking if they can go to movies and dinners, but they're not Christian's thing. Still, he cups her face, promising her that if she agrees to be his submissive, he'll be devoted to her. But the more Christian makes it clear that their arrangement is unconventional and unromantic, the more Ana gets put off. She quips about wanting to hold on to her free will before asking Christian if she can go home. Despite her undeniable attraction towards Christian, Ana still has her sights set on what she wants. She\xe2\x80\x99s not difficult to please, she just wants to have a normal relationship with the man she likes. Ironically, Christian\xe2\x80\x99s offering her something that runs a little deeper than romance, which is devotion. But ultimately, they\xe2\x80\x99re still at odds with each other. Before heading to Ana's apartment, Christian brings her to a lake, where he tries to convince her to agree to be his submissive. Christian starts telling Ana about how one of his mother's friends made him her submissive for six years ever since he was fifteen. This is a troubling bit of information. Christian was clearly underaged when he\xe2\x80\x99s thrusted into the world of sadomasochism. Still, he plays this off as if there\xe2\x80\x99s no problem with it. After their detour, Christian drops Ana by her apartment, where he hands her the contract. For the next couple of weeks, Ana has been reading through the contract and researching submission, dominance, and sadomasochism. The contract contains a tedious number of rules to keep both parties in an agreeable position so neither can be harmed. Meanwhile, Christian has been continually showering Ana with excessive and lavish gifts in order to get her to say yes. Eventually, Ana plays a joke on Christian, telling him that she doesn't want to go through with it. This offends Christian, so he decides to barge into Ana's apartment. In an attempt to convince her, he hooks up with her again. But this time, Christian adds some ice to their foreplay. Though Ana's enjoying herself, she's still unable to come to a decision. Eventually, Ana arrives at an alternative solution that does away with the contract: she'll be the one to negotiate the terms. Ana suggests this to Christian, and he welcomes it. However, instead of having an informal dinner, Ana insists on discussing the terms over a formal business meeting. For this, Ana turns up in Christian's office in a sleek and enticing maroon dress. During their negotiation, they clear off most of the more extreme practices involved, and Christian even offers to take Ana out on a date once a week. She'll get to decide where to go and what to do during their dates, pleasing Ana greatly. With that, Christian tries to convince Ana to stay so they can hook up again. However, Ana just pretends to seduce him, trying to frustrate Christian. And just as Christian is ready to pounce on her, she leaves. With Ana exploring more with Christian, she\xe2\x80\x99s growing more and more confident in her skin. She can take a bit of charge now with their intimate affairs, and she even has Christian blueballed. As for Christian, he\xe2\x80\x99s slowly learning to compromise. The time for Ana and Kate's graduation comes, and Christian Grey is the guest speaker at the ceremony. After receiving her diploma on stage, Ana shakes Christian's hands as the others do. Once again, he tries to persuade her to go through with the contract, and Ana gives him an \xe2\x80\x98okay\xe2\x80\x99. She then chuckles and steps down the stage. Later at Ana's apartment, Christian warns Ana that the next time she rolls her eyes at him, he'll spank her. Christian then motions Ana toward the door to reveal a brand-new car that he bought as a graduation gift for her. Ana is absolutely flustered with the expensive gift, and without noticing it, she rolls her eyes. Because of this, Christian leads Ana back into the living room, and he slaps her backside a couple of times. But right after this, Christian has to leave for his office, so he goes, leaving Ana confused and disappointed. Ana then receives a call from her mother, asking about her new boyfriend, and Ana sadly admits that it's complicated. Aside from being unromantic, Christian is also a very busy person. Though their unlabelled relationship has its share of thrills and glamor, they\xe2\x80\x99re still, at their core, very different people with very different priorities and interests. The following day, Christian finally takes Ana into the Red Room. Christian orders her to put her hands above her head, and when he does, he starts undressing her. Then, he ties her hair in a braid before telling her to kneel in front of the doorway every time he comes in. He retrieves a pair of leather cuffs and a riding crop, and with the crop, he lightly spanks Ana several times. This dispels Ana's fear about the practice as she realizes that there won't be any real harm. Christian then sets up a contraption so that Ana's hands would be tied to the ceiling. With Ana completely vulnerable, the two engage in intense and vigorous lovemaking. After they've had their fill of each other, Christian carries a tired Ana to her room, and he kisses her before he leaves. Now that she's alone again, she starts realizing just what she had agreed to, and she suddenly feels how lonesome it is to lie in bed without Christian. The next evening, the Grey family is set to have their dinner. Elliot invites Kate, and Christian invites Ana. During the dinner, Christian continually touches Ana's thighs and crotch underneath the table, unbeknownst to all the other guests and family members. Through a conversation between Ana and Christian's mom, Christian finds out that Ana will be leaving for Georgia to visit her mother. With how Ana purposely kept this from Christian, it\xe2\x80\x99s almost as if she\xe2\x80\x99s spiting him. She could be showing him that he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have full access to her, especially with the current state of their relationship. Frustrated, Christian excuses himself and Ana. Once alone, he carries her over his shoulder and spanks Ana again while expressing how annoyed he is. Setting her down, Christian kisses her and tells her that she\xe2\x80\x99s his, but Ana eventually pulls away from him. She expresses her desire to have a normal romantic relationship with him, her desire to touch him and know him since he\xe2\x80\x99s still so closed off. Ana tries asking him about the scars on his chest, but Christian just says he had a rough start in life. Later, Ana is asleep when Christian sits on the bed. Solemn, he talks to the sleeping woman about his birth mother, who was a crack addict and an escort. Though she's been dead for most of his life, he says that he can still remember terrible things. Now, it\xe2\x80\x99s evident that Christian\xe2\x80\x99s had a very troubled life. All the tragedies in his life forged an impenetrable guard around Christian, and it\xe2\x80\x99s one that Ana wants nothing more than to chip at. Eventually, Ana arrives in Georgia to be with her lovely mother and stepfather. One afternoon, Christian shows up out of nowhere there in Georgia, surprising Ana. He takes her to fly in a small plane, and they enjoy their impromptu time together. Ana tries to convince him to be more romantic, but he suddenly receives a call from work. With that, the man leaves in a hurry. After returning home, Ana continues seeing Christian, and she keeps consenting to the intimate acts between them. However, she's also continually frustrated by Christian's emotional coldness. In an attempt to understand him better, she tries asking why he wants to hurt her and punish her. Christian refuses to answer at first, but eventually, he erupts, snapping that this is the way that he is and that he's fifty shades of messed up. In the heat of the moment, Ana tells him to show her what he wants to do to her, to punish her and show her the worst, so she can finally understand him. Christian takes Ana to the playroom, and there, he whips Ana's buttocks six times, making Ana cry. Upset and disgusted, Ana realizes that Christian is the wrong man for her. Because of this, she breaks up with him. Ana walks to the elevator, and when Christian tries following her, she firmly tells him to stop. And with tears in Ana\xe2\x80\x99s eyes, the elevator door closes. While Fifty Shades of Grey is known for the whips, cuffs, spanking, and everything in between, its core story is about two people who can\xe2\x80\x99t be together. Christian knew from the start that he can\xe2\x80\x99t be the man that Ana needs. If he just listened to his instincts, then he would have spared them both the heart ache. But at the same time, their time together were some of the moments they had. Still, even if what you want is each other, it\xe2\x80\x99s hard to make things work if you\xe2\x80\x99re looking for different things. 