welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this episode were breaking down some insane details in Joker. the film has been sweeping the board recently at award shows. and it's no surprise, due to the sheer amount of love that went to it. each scene is something hidden in it. and throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down some of the best things that you may have missed about the movie. there will be heavy spoilers here itself. you haven't seen Joker yet and don't want anything potentially ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into our breakdown of insane details in Joker. Joker sent us around Arthur flak as he transforms into the infamous Clown Prince of Crime. the entire piece feels I could count down towards the ending in which both the titular character and his polar opposite, Batman, are born. sometimes in TV shows and movies, when something is counting down to a specific moment, there are often signifiers put into the background of scenes. this is exemplified in How I Met Your Mother, in which the show features a number in every episode counting down to a specific moment. Joker also features a similar aesthetic throughout the film. and during the movie, there's a countdown from the start all the way to the end. that happens during notable moments in the movie. when Arthur visits his psychiatrist, we can see that the clock behind him is set to 11 minutes past 11:00. he then mentions being locked up in the hospital, and we get a quick cut of him in the cells, smashing his head against the wall. we can see that the time on the clock is also set to 11:11, bringing attention to this number. before Joker commits the murder of the three Wayne employees in the subway, we can see the number 10 behind one of their heads. Arthur chases one of them onto a platform before shooting them, and the number 9 can be seen everywhere. not only does this indicate the platform number, but also the fact that we are moving towards something important. selfies apartment is 8 B, and we see this both when he first apparently kisses her and when we later realize that their relationship was a fantasy. when stealing the file from the clerk, played by Brian Tyree Henry. Arthur runs to stairwell 7 when being chased by policemen. later in the film, he boards the train on platform six. and then when they are later killed, the character dances whilst holding up five fingers. backstage. and the Murray Franklin show, Arthur is in room 404, and we can also see the number four in the background during the exchange on the show. and during his rant, Arthur is filmed by camera three. and later, when the death of the host breaks it is reported by his station name to WGC Gotham. it all culminates when Joker rises at the end and stands in front of a cinema named ace in the hole. an ace can represent eleven all one in cards. and to me, this also signifies a deck of cards of which the Joker is also a member. similar to ace in the hole. Joker's Wilders as saying, in cards. but that may be a reach. okay, okay, it's a reach, I admit it. Arthur losing his grip on his sanity is also demonstrated with the characters makeup throughout the film. initially, it starts off quite stable and ordered, but by the end, of the movie, he has walked, which cements his fractured psyche. the makeup pattern itself is actually extremely similar to the design that serial killer John Wayne Gacy used to Don when performing as a clown. Gacy murder at least thirty three boys are men, between 1972 and 1978. the name he gave his alter ego was Pogo the clown. and Arthur later performs at a comedy club, which also just so happens to be called pogos. Arthur's mental state slippin is also demonstrated by the way that he writes in the film. typically the character writes with his right hand. however, when writing a joke about mental illness, he uses his left which could indicate the darker side of his personality is slowly starting to take over. in medieval times and even today, in certain cultures, being left-handed is sometimes associated with being evil, and this could highlight his transition. jokers joke book itself also sets up certain things that happen in the film. when taking notes on the comedy routine, he writes one about slicking his hair back, and then does this later when he performs. he also has a joke about someone who died on the sidewalk whilst others walked right over him. and later, he references this as a true story on the murray Franklin show, indicating that he is an unreliable narrator. speaking of unreliable narrators, his mother plays a big part in the film and claims several times throughout the movie that Thomas Wayne is Arthur's father. Arthur clearly has fantasies about people being his dad, so naturally, he gravitates towards this. when talking to Rand Ola, the character says that Arthur is like a son to him before giving him a gun. and we later learn that the scene may have been different in reality due to Randall's claims that Arthur instead tried to bite from him. when imagining he's on the Murray Franklin show, he dreams that Murray says he'd give it all up for a son like him. and thus the Thomas Waynes statement becomes his obsession. but are they actually related? well, the movie paints it out that penny flack was an obsessed ex-employee of Wayne's that went insane and abused him as a child. she tried to blackmail Thomas at several points and he always disputed that he was Arthur's father in the film, before punching Arthur in the face, much like his son would do many times in the future, who had given the notion that Arthur was actually adopted. it really can go either way, but I'll just go into the main signifiers for and against are this, true parentage. okay, so in the film, both Alfred and Thomas state that penny tried to blackmail a family. and this is added credence by Thomas, who says to Arthur, what do you want? is it money? the fact that he comes out with this straightaway indicates that penny has tried to get him to cough up the dough before, and thus he's expecting it from Arthur. Thomas says that she was crazy, and we do see in the film that she was sent to Arkham for apparently abusing Arthur as a child. however, it is possible, at due to the scandal it would create, Thomas covered up his illegitimate child and had Penny sent to the asylum so that no one would ever believe her. variously, penny and Joker both share the same condition known as narcissistic personality disorder, or NPD, for short. people with this mental illness have exaggerated feelings of self-importance and need for admiration and a lack of empathy. this could show that she abused him as a child, but it does pretty much rule out the adoption. the condition is hereditary, and therefore it is very unlikely that Arthur and Penny have this and aren't related. the claims that penny is evil can be disputed in the film by the fact that when we are with her, all we see is a kind and gentle woman, whereas Thomas comes across well as a bit of a jerk. the movie carries the theme of the rich dumping on the poor, and this could also be exemplified by Arthur's father. when Arthur grabs the adoption papers, they are actually crisper and seemed to be slightly different to the rest of the paperwork in the file, which could indicate a forgery. when arthur meets bruce at the gates of wayne manor, the two are both wearing similar color schemes and clothing. they both have tan coats, white tops and black pants on. and not only does this show the difference in class, as Bruce's are pristine, whereas others aren't. there are also indications in the choice of actors chosen. the boy who plays Bruce also played a younger version Joaquin Phoenix in the film, you were never really here. and this may have been intentionally done by Phillips due to the fact that they look slightly alike. a nurse could share a kinship. there's also the photo of penny with the initials TW on the back, which indicates at one point that Thomas could have been attracted to her. we see Penny's handwriting earlier in the movie, and this is different to the style written on the back of the picture. watching this scene, personally, I got the feeling that Joker knew it was true from this moment, but he justs crumpled up the paper because he didn't want to face what he'd done. the movie has a thematic arc about Arthur searching for a father, and in doing this, Bruce loses his own. and this is almost poetic in some ways. but yeah, make up your own mind on that. Philips also packed the movie with references to other films and work. the text during the intro and the ending of the movie is the same font in Citizen Kane down to the words the end. Murray Franklin also has a guest on a show called Ethan chase, who's starring in a movie named American playboy. Bruce Wayne is often referred to as a playboy. American could be a reference to American Psycho, starring Christian Bale, who also famously played Batman. the name Ethan chases also the name of Zach Galifianakis is character in due date, which was also directed by todd phillips. the curtains on the murray franklin show are similar to The Tonight Show when Johnny Carson hosted. the Charlie Chaplin film, modern times that is shown in the movie was a commentary on the Great Depression and how difficult it was to live during it. this mirrors the poor struggling in Gotham and how the rich seemed to be laughing at them. Arthur is also seen watching shall we dance? which was also a hit during the Great Depression. whilst watching this, Arthur seems to mimic taxi driver in trying to act tough to himself in his apartment. the film references the King of Comedy movie throughout, well, well, everything, but there's also several references to Batman properties. as you would expect, a painting that Arthur has in his apartment actually appears in Batman 1989 during the art gallery scene in which Jack Nicholson, quote-unquote improves the paintings. when Arthur goes to see Bruce at Wayne Manor we see a shot where he slides down a pole. this is very similar to how the character would in the 1966 show, starring Adam West and Burt Ward. Gary and Randall are supposed to mirror the iconography of Joker's henchmen, with one of them being a fat and tall giant, whereas the other is a small [ __ ]. there are also three Joker stories at the movie references. the first is, Alan was The Killing Joke, in which the Joker initially starts as a stand-up comedian. the book showcased our one bad day could send someone over the edge, and this definitely provides a metaphor for the film. the second is, on a beautiful summer's day, he was which was about the Joker living with his father, though it is his mother in the movie. in the work, he spends the majority of his time scrolling jokes into a notebook. the third is the Dark Knight Returns, which has the Joker appear on the dave endochrine show and murder the host, guests and audience. the movie opens on a news report, which also feels similar to the aforementioned comic book, which also opens with bulletins, similar to the work. it also has news reports in its sprawled across like panels from a comic book. during the film, we see a sign for Robinson Park at the ninth Avenue subway stop. and this location is also mentioned in the Batman book, year one. as we mentioned earlier, Joker sits in the dressing room 404, which is also the issue that Yael once started at. the diner that Arthur takes Sophie to is on Jerome Avenue, and this is a reference to Jerome Valeska, who was the twin brother of Jeremiah, who became the Joker in the TV show Gotham. in a deleted scene, Arthur was seen outside a mural at red amusement mile. and this is a reference to the carnival section of Gotham that the Clown Prince of Crime used as his home. the ambulance at the end that crashes into the cop car had also been redesigned to look more Joker esque. however, this was cut from the film, and I really wish they had a boat in. Thomas says that anyone who hides behind the mask is a coward. and this is, of course, a reference to Batman. and I know that's an obvious one. author's social worker is called there bro Kane, which is a nod to one of the creators of Batman, at Bob Kane. the font of the Murray Franklin show is the same as the font used in Batman, the Animated Series. and the back drop of the skyline is also from the cartoon. the movie also has several scenes that mirror one another and showed the evolution of certain characters. and the opening of the film, arthur is attacked in an alleyway, and this eventually leads to him becoming the Joker. this is reflected in the attack on the Wayne's, which later happens in an alleyway, and also sends Bruce on the way to becoming Batman. after Arthur is fired from his job, he dances whilst walking down the stairs. this almost indicates his descent into madness. and this style of dancing down some stairs. appears later in the movie when the character has fully embraced his new persona super rats are mentioned early on, and these actually pop up whilst Arthur is making a phone call at one point in the movie. and then later during the death of the Wayne's, when practicing for the Murray show, you can see that Arthur has made his own mug and written on it in magic marker to try and recapture the look of the set. and finally, is a theory that the entire movie is all in Joker's head. this is exemplified by the fact that when Arthur is in the psychiatrist office, the clock can be seen as being set at 11 minutes past 11:00. when describing the hospital, Arthur bangs his head against the door, we can also see that the clock is set to the exact same time. when Arthur goes to punch out, the time is also set to 11 minutes past 11:00, which indicates that Arthur is actually in the hospital at the end, imagining this entire story. and when he bangs his head against the glass, it snaps him out a bit for a brief moment. Arthur does say at one point that he never really existed. and we know that the character is prone to fantasies. it is possible that, due to his lack of not having a father, he imagined that he took the father away from his worst enemy. in the King James Bible, chapter and verse 11, 11, the following passage can be found therefore, thus saith the Lord, behold, I will bring evil upon them which they shall not be able to escape. and no they shall cry unto me, I will not hearken unto them. this pretty much sounds like it is referring to the Joker directly, who is very much getting revenge on his city and people that he views as wronging him. those who've seen the movie us by Jordan Peele may also remember that 11:11 pops up throughout that film. and it is referring to the same thing that I believe that the Joker movie is hinting at. whilst Phillips and Phoenix are both deny that there is any connection. it is fun to tie these things together. and the clown company that jokah works at is called hahas, and that's our entire list. I had a blast making this video, and I hope you had fun watching it. we're gonna try and do a video like this every week, so make sure you drop a comment on what movie you'd like to see me cover next time. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the tidbits, so make sure you leave your thoughts on them too. if you missed our video last week, then I'll leave that linked at the end, as we go over some insane details in adventures end game. and a guarantee, there will be some in there that you haven't heard before. you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to a set of discord link in the description, or a definition whitey on Twitter. that's the best way to keep up to date with the show, and hopefully I see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition, you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 