welcome to the mana recaps. this is the bachelor episode six. yes, it's double bachelor week. this was a bonus episode on Wednesday, and Peter and the girls are flying to Santiago, Chile. there's really not many girls left, and it's kind of weird that some of them haven't had one-on-one dates yet. so for the first one of the episode, Peter picks longtime frontrunner Hannah Ann. sure, yeah, great. oh, good for her. it's kind of funny how these walk around the city dates are all the same. there's always some live music they can dance to and some weird food they can eat. there's also always a wise, old, married couple they can talk to about the true meaning of love. I love this woman though, points out Hannah Ann looks kind of young for you. it seems to resonate with Peter cuz he asks if she's ever been in love before, and she's like, no, I'm like 22. Peter's looking for his lifelong love. he's concerned that Hannah Ann's first love is just, you know, she's not ready. so he dramatically walks away and mopes in the courtyard. but Hannah and chases after him, and is like, no, I, you know, really like you. and she has shown herself to be more emotionally mature and stable than many of the other girls in the house. so many people stay like in the shallow waters of life. maybe a 22 year old model is exactly the perfect girl for Peter. back at the hotel, the other girls get the next day's group date card, and no one wants to be on it, because that means they get the one-on-one. McKenna and Tammy and Natasha have all not had one-on-ones yet, so this would be the perfect time to pick Victoria F again. and oh no, oh no. my girl. McKenna is having a breakdown. she rightfully feels like Peter doesn't notice her, and is like, why am i bothering with this? maybe I'll just go home. she sticks it out for the group date, though, which is going to film their own telenovela. the girls all get assigned a different role and play in the Spanish soap opera of el amor de Pedra. favorite moments are Tammy has the crazy ex with the knife, which seems to suit her too well. and Kelly as the grandma who's putting the moves on him. but the funniest parallel to real life is McKenna as the maid in the background of every shot. while Peters making out with these other girls, he doesn't notice her. but at the end, pedro realizes that d'amour has been in front of him this whole time, and he ends up with McKenna. so it's been an overall fun day, and everyone's excited for a night with no drama finally. yeah, that's not gonna happen. Victoria. people's Peter aside, like, hey, it's been a while since our one-on-one date where we had a really good connection. still good, right? but Peters like, you know what? lots happened since then. I actually don't think you're the one for me. Oh. Peter had not even waiting for the rose ceremony, being upfront with her right now. oh. and she's like, screw you. I'm out of here. then Madison pulls Peter aside like, hey, our one-on-one date was way back in episode one. are we still good? and he's like, oh, no, we are still good. in fact, I mean, you're clearly gonna win. while these two are outside having their romantic moment, the girls are inside behaving themselves, just kidding. Tammy and McKenna get into a huge fight. I love how they're sitting on opposite ends of the couch and the other girls are stuck between them. honestly, I can't recap it for you because I have no idea what they're fighting about. the next day is the date with Victoria F they're going horseback riding with chili and George W Bush. it's a real fun time kiss in front of the crowd. yadda yadda. in the credits scene, Peter eats like three pounds of meat. looks like the funnest part of the date, but Victoria's feeling kind of weird. she's having a hard time really opening herself up to this. yeah, it's tough to fall in love with someone when they're actively dating all your roommates. she pulls her standard maneuver and gets up from dinner to hide in the corner. but soon she comes back like, no, I'm good. I do really like you, Peter. and he's like, good cuz your body is insane. I'm not letting you go till after fantasy suites the next day, before the cocktail party, there's a surprise date card with two names on it, Tammy and McKenna. Peter's got a bold new strategy to cut out drama in the house. whenever two girls are fighting, one of them's going home. Tammy basically says McKenna is a spoiled little brat who's just here for the Instagram followers. and McKenna says, no, that's not true. and he sides with McKenna, who does come across as the good one in this interaction. but even with Victoria P and Tammy leavin pre rose ceremony, two more girls are still going home tonight. at this point, I actually know all of the girls left, so whoever goes home will be kind of a big deal. one girl who hasn't made it into the recaps yet is Natasha. she has not really been featured much. she hasn't had a one-on-one date and has stayed well clear of all the drama. she generally seems to be a nice, smart, normal girl. and Peter decides to keep her, which means the final three in danger are McKenna, who he's just decided to keep over Tammy, Plus Kelly and Sydney, who both just had great one-on-ones last episode. McKenna does go home here. she never had that one-on-one date opportunity to really connect with Peter strongly. she's leaving, though, with her dignity mostly intact. based on how much they love featuring her, how good she's on camera, I wouldn't be surprised if we see more of her. so between Sydney and Kent Lee, who's he gonna keep? he keeps Kelly, Sydney, he's doing you dirty. you just made out in a hot tub for half an hour last episode, but I guess that got it out of his system. he's sort of like, yeah, I don't see it going further than that. next week, they continue their journey through South America with Lima Peru. some big moments are teased. Victoria F crying, Hana and breaking down and crying. Plus this anonymous production assistant taken out someone's suitcase. looks like someone's going home unexpectedly. what craziness is going down? find out next week on The Bachelor. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out [Music] 