welcome to the man of recaps. this is fear the walking dead, season six, episode 10. and remember, you can watch all these new episodes of fear of the walking dead on amc plus plus check out other great shows and dive into their immersive, expansive, epic worlds. this episode features daniel salazar, one of our season one ogs. it's told in flashback form, as in the present. he's telling the story to someone, and he's like, yes, it was a good day, but then it all went wrong. things are going great at the new community the hidden valley. today they're hosting a meeting with their friends, sherry and the skatepark punks, and victor strand, who's taking over lawton. they're here to talk about their shared graffiti problem. yes, remember, the end is the beginning. crew who blew up tank town. morgenson valley is a non-violent place, though you gotta check your weapons at the door, by the way. this episode we find out what happened to a major character, skidmark the cat. yes, he survived, and he's reunited. before they can start the meeting, though, pregnant grace is like, ouch, my pregnancy. their only medical professional, june, is not here because she shot virginia last episode and walked off on her own. they call her on back. but in the meantime, morgan's like, yo, i got like a baby thing over at the water tower that i was saving for you. let me go get it real quick. so in the meantime, it's daniel salazar who's leading the meeting. now, the destruction of tank town and all the graffiti hasn't come from an outside source. apparently they've infiltrated people they thought they could trust. this sense, everyone at the table argued amongst themselves, well, how do i know i can trust you? this pointless bickering is interrupted by an explosion. wow. what. luckily, no one was hurt, but apparently a dynamite went off. was it an accident, or was it sabotage? the sound of the explosion attracted a bunch of walkers. and even though it looks like an amount that any single one of them could take on single-handedly, they're all like, oh, there's too many of them. we gotta seal up the gates. daniel goes to take a gun out of lockup, but whoa, someone has stolen all the weapons. just then, a couple zombies sneak in somehow. and no one carries weapons in here, so they gotta fight him with whatever's laying around. but just as dwight's about to get bit, blam, he's saved by someone who had a gun, victor strand. and turns out it was daniel salazar who let some of those walkers in to see who stole the guns. but strands like, yo man, i didn't steal the rest of the guns, like, i just snuck this one in because, you know, i'm me. but daniel doesn't believe him. it's like, victor, you lie so much. i can never trust anything you say. daniel's ready to go back into full interrogation mode on him, and in fact, he reveals a secret. it's like, yo man, when you shot me in the face and it seems like i'm totally healed, well, i'm not actually that healed. it still hurts like every time i chew strands like, daniel, i'm so sorry about that. that was back in season three. it was basically a whole different show. he still maintains he's innocent. so daniel's getting ready to shoot him, but oh, there's gunfire outside. yes, morgan, finally made it back with the swat truck. took care of their zombie problem. now, earlier, daniel said, pregnant grace away just in case the zombies broke in. he sent her to the fishing shack deeper in the valley. but when they go to collector, she's not there. pretty soon they find her though, and daniel's like, yo, why didn't you go to the nice, safe fishing shack? she's like, daniel, what are you talking about? you told me not to go to the fishing shack. you told me to go to the dangerous caverns. he sent charlie with her, and charlie corroborates her story. it's like, yo, check out the map. you circled the caverns. and just then they find the gun stolen from lockup they were in daniel salazar's house. daniel's like, whoa. i definitely didn't put those there. this whole thing is a setup. but morgan's like, hey, man, are you sure? or are you maybe losing it a little and so in the present, that's why daniel's behind bars. he's talking it out to june, who made it back. she's doing the alzheimer's test on him. luckily, he passes. so it's not that he's like, hey, i don't know what to tell you. this really isn't my area of expertise. but sometimes i guess you just get confused and don't remember things. so now everyone finally has their meeting about the end. is the beginning group? dakota's like, yo. i heard virginia talking about them, said they went underground. i thought it meant just laying low, but maybe like, literally underground. and dwight's like, yo. and me and al were in dallas. we found some of the graffiti down there. i guess we should go check it out. but as for daniel salazar, he doesn't trust himself to be here anymore. he's going to go off on his own. he reminds us that he has actually kind of lost his mind before. remember, in season two, he burned down that whole villa for no good reason. victor strand though like, hey, man, don't go off on your own. come back to lawton with me. you don't care if you burned me down. and so that's the plan for now. but is daniel salazar really losing his mind? or is it to the end? as the beginning crew infiltrated our group and trying to discredit him. find out next time on fear the walking dead. now you already know amc plus is the place for all things the walking dead, but you also get access to a ton of other great shows. discover the romance thriller, a discovery of witches, where witches, vampires and demons live among us. a dangerous mystery and a forbidden romance. this kind of thing's my guilty pleasure. maybe you're into the punk, fantasy world of the watch, where an unlikely group of misfits have to find the guts to save the world. a comedy adventure with wizards, werewolves and dragons. i mean, come on, i gotta check it out. if horror is your thing, you're just in time for shutters. halfway to halloween month with a packed lineup of new horror shows and movies. catch new episodes of creep show season two, still the most fun you'll ever have being scared. looking for an action-packed crime drama, you gotta watch gangs of london. enter the violent streets of fictional modern london, as sean wallace hunts down his father's killer and rises to the top of the criminal underworld. so click the link in the description to sign up for your 7 day free trial of amc plus. now get all the walking dead content you love, plus explore the rest of their epic worlds. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 