As a young woman leaves the gym, she is stalked by a stranger. The man then confronts her, places a bag over her head and attacks her. What happens next? Who is this kidnapper? This is Movie Shortens. Follow us today to a movie titled: 10x10. Be aware: there are spoilers!   As the movie begins, we see a stern-faced man named Lewis sitting in a cafe across from Cathy\xe2\x80\x99s shop. Cathy opens her business serving some customers before coming to the eatery. She gives the waiter some flowers, in a familiar and friendly kind of way. She takes a seat and Lewis leaves walking right past her. She is completely oblivious to his presence.   Later, Lewis follows Cathy\xe2\x80\x99s SUV to the parking lot of a Fitness centre. Cathy heads in to join a yoga class. During the class she appears to be in a meditative state, not present and needs to be stirred by the teacher, bringing her back to reality. Meanwhile, Lewis peers into her vehicle, clearly preparing himself for some kind of action. A gun is seen resting on the passenger\xe2\x80\x99s seat.  As Cathy leaves the gym, he follows her to her SUV, places a bag over her head and attacks her from behind. She struggles but he threatens to kill her if she screams. She attempts to alert someone nearby, but music is playing too loud so her attempts are thwarted. To suppress her cries, Lewis places gaffer tape over her mouth. He then binds her hands and feet. She is left on the floor between her car and another vehicle. A man approaches his car but enters from the opposite side. He doesn\xe2\x80\x99t see Cathy lying there on the ground. As the car drives away, vacating its space, Lewis pulls up alongside her and dumps her into his trunk.  When they arrive at Lewis\xe2\x80\x99 remote countryside house, he props up his garage door using a broom. He carries her into a pre-built soundproofed room, her new dwelling. He tells her that no one will be able to hear her screams and asks her name. Upon removing the tape from her mouth, she proceeds to cry out. Lewis leaves her there and leaves the room. He conceals the room by pulling across a false wall and placing a vase on a table just outside of the room.  Once in his living room, he is able to access the audio from Cathy\xe2\x80\x99s room. He begins loading a handgun the heads back to elicit more information from his new prisoner. He becomes frustrated as she is unwilling to provide any additional information.  He begins mopping up the blood left from dragging Cathy into the room. In the room, Cathy is struggling to free her hands and feet, which remain bound. Lewis begins preparing a meal by chopping a bell pepper.   Eventually Cathy is able to release herself, passing her hands under her legs. When he returns she surprises Lewis, striking him and then attempting to escape. Just outside, she finds the vase hitting him over the head with it, but her plan to leave is short lived.   Soon after, Cathy makes it to the living area attempting to call the police but Lewis shoots at the phone, stopping her efforts. She is able to grab a knife cutting the bind around her ankles. She also finds her smartphone which has no signal but she keeps it just in case. Next, she begins to inch her way towards Lewis holding the knife but Lewis seems unfazed. He continues calmly eating, telling her that a gun is more powerful than a knife.   He invites her to take a seat. Once again, he asks her name. Angered by her answer, he smashes a plate of food in her face. A struggle ensues, during which he is cut on his forearm. He is still able to get her back to her cell despite his injury. Just then, we see a car pull up in the driveway. Just seconds after he has locked her inside, Alondra, Lewis\xe2\x80\x99 cleaner enters the house. She seems clearly concerned about the broken plate, signs of a struggle and the cut on Lewis\xe2\x80\x99s arm. He tells her that he is having a bad day and that she should leave, which she does. She tells him that she\xe2\x80\x99ll be coming back the following day with his daughter.   In the next significant scene, Lewis is interrogating Cathy within the confines of her sound proofed prison. Unsatisfied with her answers, he continues pressing her to tell the truth. Eventually we find out she is from Green Bay, rather than Orange County as she had been claiming. She was raised by a church as Lewis had earlier suggested. Her sister, Cathy, committed suicide and she had assumed her identity. The suicide had been in response to an affair that her father had, he was a football coach and traveled a lot. Her real name is Nathalie. She came from Charleston, leavins as she was one of a few nurses implicated in 3 suspicious deaths.   Back in the living room, Lewis watches old videos documenting the deaths he suspects Nathalie of having been involved in. Each time Lewis leaves her alone, Nathalie attempts to reach the outside world using her smartphone. Tip toeing she holds it as close to a vent as she can. Eventually she gets through to 911. Although we can hear both she and the operator, there is a lot of interference in the phone, so it is unclear as to whether they have heard her pleas for help. She attempts to notify them of her kidnapping by mentioning Lewis\xe2\x80\x99 vehicle.   Lewis soon realizes she still has her smartphone, so he runs in to retrieve it. Finding it in her pocket, he smashes it to pieces using the butt of his pistol. He then continuously accuses her of the deaths at the Charleston hospital. She continues to deny any involvement. Nathalie maintains that she, along with the other nurses, were acquitted. She asks him which one had been his wife. He says it was Alana, and more light is now shed on the circumstances around her death. Her wedding ring was missing and her blood was full of GHB, the date rape drug. One of the other patients died of organ failure despite having recently been medically cleared. Lewis tells Cathy he knows she murdered his wife. He says if she can\xe2\x80\x99t give a reasonable explanation as to why, she too will die.  Lewis returns to the living room and watches some home videos. One of which is him cradling his daughter. Another is of the whole family playing in the snow and wishing their parents a happy Thanksgiving. Inspired by the footage, he storms back to Nathalie accusing her once more. She first explains one of the victims had had two wives. She says another jumped from a window trying to get her husband imprisoned for attempted murder. It seems that Nathalie is now committed to revealing the truth. She had, indeed, killed these three people believing they deserved their fate. She claims his wife had been cheating on him with a tall, handsome man. This undoubtedly made her a sinner. She believes it was Alana who was in the wrong.  Lewis clearly struggles to accept this. Later, he replays footage of his wife sitting on their sofa. He notices her look at her phone, which was faced down, and then sees her canceling a call. He repeatedly rewinds and replays the video, pausing it on her expression after she looks at the phone. He clearly now suspects it was a call from a lover. Had she been cheating on him?  Lewis, struggling to deal with the emotions of the day, goes for a drive. He takes his car to a lake and gazes out. A police car pulls up alongside him as two officers emerge. They ask for his license and to look inside his trunk, they see Nathalie\xe2\x80\x99s shoes but nothing else of suspicion. He claims they belong to his wife, which they believe, leaving him alone. It seems that Nathalie\xe2\x80\x99s call to the police had indeed been heard.   During this time Nathalie has been using a part of her phone\xe2\x80\x99s casing, to scrape away at the grouting in the floor. She is then able to remove a triangular piece of the tile. Upon his return, as Lewis is kneeling down next to her, she uses this shard to stab him in the shoulder. She again attempts to escape. Their struggle continues in the living room, during which Nathalie is able to grab the gun, pointing it at Lewis. As she does this, Alondra and his daughter, Summer, enter the house. Without a second\xe2\x80\x99s hesitation Nathalie shoots Alondra then takes Summer as a hostage. During the standoff, she tells Lewis that Summer is not his biological daughter but is the product of his wife\xe2\x80\x99s affair. Lewis warns Nathalie that everything she has said has been recorded.  Soon Summer is able to free herself, biting Nathalie\xe2\x80\x99s arm and fleeing towards the cell. Lewis and Nathalie fight once more, and Nathalie is left unconscious. Lewis quickly grabs a hard drive containing the recordings. He grabs Summer and they attempt to make their exit. Just then, Summer notices that Nathalie is gone. Nathalie confronts the two in the garage stabbing Lewis in the leg. At one point, she is able to pin him to the ground and she stands over him with a pitchfork. He appears to be trapped, but he forces the tool upwards, causing it to smash Nathalie in the face, freeing himself. Eventually she is captured once again as the garage door suddenly falls down trapping her beneath it. In the final sequence, Lewis embraces Summer and we hear the sound of sirens approaching.   Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to turn on your notifications. That really helps my channel. Thanks for watching! 