- fast forwards to the darkness. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music], welcome to slash forward, the channel will we provide summarization and commentary on all your favorite popular and obscure horror movies. in this video, we're going to peer into the mind of 80s crunch master frank and in ladder as we examine his 1988 film, brain damage. heading ladders known for being a purveyor of fine horror themed exploitation films. and unlike most low-budget shock films, hendon latter tends to frame his movies around an underlying theme, themes like New York as dirty, drugs are bad and so on. you get the idea. I hope you haven't showered yet, because you're gonna need one after this. [Music]. we open on a credit sequence that pans over a variety of ancient statues, vaguely indicating we'll be dealing with some sort of mystical horror here. this transitions to an elderly man, eagerly awaited, returning to his apartment. he was on an errand to locate a particular type of meat. the order was hard to fill, apparently, because they find themselves without the service of their normal butcher. and what they need is both exotic and requires a certain level of discretion. it's a sack of brains. I have to say that the effects here are pretty good, as I find myself desiring to eat those brains. anyway, the couple, who are later identified as the Ackerman's, have brought this special treat for someone or something they refer to as Elmer. we don't initially find out what Elmer is because Martha happily trots his treat into the bathroom and finds it empty, or whatever he is. apparently he takes his snacks in the tub. the two of them begin to react in an unexpectedly insane manner, screaming and thrashing about as though they're in physical pain from his absence. they must really love him. we cut to some feet sleeping. the phone rings, and it's answered by Brian, our protagonist, who's now in the process of letting down his lady. meanwhile, the Ackerman's, yeah, I'm just gonna call them the elderly couple, because Ackerman's feels wrong, is it? Ackerman? uh? whatever. go into an extreme manic state and start to destroy their apartment. their search methodology drives home their level of madness. they're looking in many small type places, so it's safe to assume Ellmers a small pet, like a sugar glider or something. but they also take things out and destroy them when is clearly not necessary. how metal? having destroyed everything they own, they're reduced to convulsing on the floor of their apartment. Brian's girlfriend, Barbara, shows up to see if he's asleep. she confirms that Brian looks like absolute garbage. so he's not just being a tool. he's actually sick. back to the elderly couple, who have rallied after getting a second wind, and are now going door to door, costing their neighbors and barging into their homes looking for over Brian's girlfriend plans to nurse him back to health, but he insists she go to the concert with his brother, because the money's spent in his bro deserves a treat. as they head off to the concert, we pan across the elderly couple's living room, revealing them quietly foaming on the floor. Brian's having his own problems, though, tossing and turning in his bed. his discomfort appears to have been the result of a herniated goiter, judging by the quantity of blood he finds on his hand in bed. going to the bathroom to manage this situation, he finds a source of the blood to be the back of his neck, but the cause is still unknown. he goes ahead and verbalize as a question, already strongly implied, happening. before he can explore this further, he begins to have a reality altering experience better than any concert. so we know he made a good choice. he lies down to go for a ride, as his ceiling light turns into a giant eyeball, and a strange blue liquid slowly begins to fill his room and lap at his hand. it eventually engulfs him as he floats off into oblivion. sometime later, he wakes up feeling like a new man. he seems energized and rested. he goes to check his neck and finds that a bath has been drawn. I know there's someone else here. why would that be your first assumption after significant sensory hallucinations? he also asks this as though he knows he's dealing with a strange creature some type. unfortunately for our cynicism, we hear some odd creature sounds, and then see that something is slithering around on his body, previously undetected. we're then introduced to the creature we come to know as Elmer, who gives a little how do, glows and then speaks in the best possible voice. oh, he hits the macaulay culkin eyebrows and gives Bryan a hard sell on a new life of pleasure in euphoria with Elmer by his side, by making some strange allusions to what this new life will consist of, a life Upton item. we find out the deal heavily favors Bryan. he gets the light, and all he has to do is take Elmer for a walk. I'll do all your thinking for you. trust me, Brian. trust me seems legit. Elmer even pays up front, giving Bryan a prick. before they go in the walk, we get a good close-up that shows Elmer's methods and also explaining the neck injury. it ends with the most extreme close-up possible, diving into Bryan's brain. he lets the blue goo wash over him in acquiescence to Elmer's commands. after they head off, Bryan's brother comes home with Barbara, and they start digging around like a new couple. interpreting this as a fit opportunity, Mike makes us move. at this exact moment, it's unlikely Bryan would even mind getting cuckolded by his brother, as he's occupied with running around the city like a madman, so high that he sees colors and hears sounds. the euphoria even allows him to enjoy the simple pleasure of a nighttime salvage yard rave. yeah, it's not that great. with Bryan bouncing around and screaming, it doesn't take long for the yard security guard to be alerted. the security guard takes his job very seriously and gives no quarter as he slowly dons his cap and prepares himself for a first-degree murder. Bryan continues his tour as the guard pursues him like the Terminator, eventually catching up with him. Bryan calmly and rationally explains the situation to him, but the guard doesn't appreciate hippie talk and offers up a reasonable counter argument. but the [ __ ] up [ __ ] the guard follows textbook procedure, securing Bryan and checking him for weapons and contraband. he feels something on him and wonders what it may be, and then finds now when elmer jumps out and bores directly into his frontal lobe. an unfortunate situation, because this man clearly already had impulse control problems. these concerns are inconsequential, however, because this gentleman ends up dead. elmer takes his time savoring his sinewy meal, and he just looks so damn happy. brian fails to make it to the party. is he okay? yeah, Brian, he's doing just fine. Brian gets juiced again, and we now know the elderly couple's full deal. we're given the impression that some time has passed, but are never sure exactly how much. we find Mike and Barbara discussing Brian's odd behavior. he doesn't go to work, er really ever leave the apartment. if he's got in the bathtub, he's locked in this room, which is filled with pails of water that he refreshes four times a day. they go to check on him. he plays the cool at first, but then loses it when Elmer playfully squirts him. oh, that does look fun. he manages to pull himself together enough to go to dinner with Barbara. she insists on an explanation for his odd behavior. he goes off on a manic grant that clearly implies his addiction, but doesn't specify to what. he tries to clarify that. Elmer won't let him. as he tries his best to maintain he begins to hallucinate his meatballs, his pulsating, sighing brains, I get bigger and bigger. unable to stand the sight, he makes a scene and runs off. he finds himself in an alley with some other lost souls. and as he's on the verge of being overcome with despair, Elmer hits him again with that sweet stuff straight to the brain. once again, on that upward climb, he slinks into the subtly name--in Club, he'll he's noticed and approached by a woman who finds him with his head in a PA speaker. he's probably gonna regret that when he gets older. they hit it off after she invites him to join her on the dance floor. and he proceeds to woo her with the quirky dance of insanity, for which he provides his own sound effects, [Music]. [Applause]. she mistakes his amorous nature as an indicator that she's reeled him in, when in reality, it likely doesn't even matter to him that she's there. they take this increasingly sexy party to the bathroom, but choose a detour since they don't want to wait behind the line of lovely ladies patiently waiting to dump out in small groups. hey, sometimes you need a spotter. now, on the roof or in an alley, it's hard to tell. they're on the verge of experiencing carnal pleasure. when Elmer pops out to make sure Brian doesn't cheat and takes his evening meal in the scene that may be too graphic or suggestive to show. I may be desensitized here, but allegedly, some of the crew walked off the set and discussed during filming. so I'm gonna use that as an indicator. with that crummy business done, Brian heads home. Brian stops off in the courtyard of his apartment complex to ditch his blood-soaked undies and confirmed for us that he's not fully aware of Ellmers actions tonight. and is then accosted by mr. Ackerman. appearing to have aged significantly in the absence of Elmer's juice. he provides us some additional context when he informs Brian that it's dangerous to feed Elmer human brains. he then gives us the extended backstory hinted at in the opening credits. he feels it's best to try and find a balance with Elmer to maintain control. but Elmer is a natural leader. he doesn't want to be fed. he wants to hunt. mr. Ackerman spends time on all of this, despite the fact that all he really wants is to get Elmer back. Brian declines to hand him over, however, but also realizes his own personal truth. he needs to break himself and regain control of his impulses. he leaves only providing a minimal degree of explanation that, to anyone not watching the movie, makes absolutely no sense. the old man is right. I've got to be in control. weird old man. I've got to be in charge. Brian finds himself in a part of town where people are free to do what they like and no one asks questions. his motel room knocks him down about three more levels of crunchiness, as it appears to rest at the outer rim of purgatory. Brian begins the process of seeking answers, but only receives a runaround for Elmer, who provides half-truths and insinuations, before dropping a truth bomb on him. will do anything I want us to do. they come to an understanding, no brains, no juice. it's time for a protracted standoff. Brian begins to show signs of withdrawal almost immediately, as Elmer goats him, hallucinating that he's at the North Pole. Brian attempts to feed a baby penguin. he then finds himself pulling something from his ear. it ends up being a hallucination, but still, it's pretty disturbing. Elmer appears to be getting along just fine as Brian lies foaming on the floor. the situation becomes dire as Brian begins to plead for the juice. Elmer responds by seeing an old-timey tune. what what's the kick? janna chicken, the magic in June. it's just hose to driving home his absolute dominance. but what did charming laugh? Brian decides he's ready to give himself fully to Elmer. he begins roaming the hallways, looking for an open door with a person behind him. he doesn't find a viable door, but hears the sound of running water. it ends up leading to the motels strange, open, shared shower room, a place he has clearly never visited. and that pushes this place even closer to hell. Brian's greeted by a friendly gym rat who uses bar soap on his hair. new york truly does have the most interesting characters. he quietly soaps away as Elmer slithers in the water. luckily for him, Elmer is looking for something a bit more discreet. he opted instead for a gentleman in a stall dropping a deuce. he pops up in burrows into the guy's head. and were treated to a grungy, bloody bathroom sequence as the victim thrashes around in desperation and tremendous volume of blood sprays the walls. having now sealed their agreement in blood, Brian and Elmer head home. Mike and Barbara don't initially realize Brian's present when they also return to the apartment. they've bonded from the stress and anxiety of Brian's descent into addiction. Mike makes his final move. and it works. the pier consummates their new relationship, while brian listens from the other room. he doesn't mind, however, because he's overcome with juices. Brian begins tinting. as he lies in bed, Elmer makes sweet, sweet love to his brain, taking them on a ride to infinity. as he drifts off, he dreams he's eating brains. in a moment of lucidity, he understands the danger in which he puts his loved ones. he tries to warn them, but his again speaking nonsense, so he runs off instead. Barbara follows him to the subway and observes his unusual behavior as she watches him from afar. he elucidates that he's in a frank henan latter movie. strange. recognized strange, and Duane runs off. Barbara confronts Brian, and we soon learned that Elmer is now occupying his throat. when Barbara tries to snap him out of it with a kiss, Elmer goes to work, forcing Brian to take part in the brain-eating. as he leaves the Train, no one else seems to notice anything wrong. I wonder what we're trying to say here. Brian returns to his favorite evidence disposal spot and preemptively frisbees a trash can laid into the darkness. the elderly couple manages to get the jump on and when they spring forth from a different archway this time, and they came to party, as they demonstrate by brandishing a Luger, they Pat Brian down and find Elmer. they gently caress him. rather than juicing and bleeding to a predictable outcome, despite your prior relationship, he does not love you, the gun slides over to Brian. mr. Ackerman manages to extricate Elmer as he laughs maniacally, but gets his brain now I'm done. for his efforts, Brian, conflicted as a result of the pandemonium, slides Elmer onto his neck so he has time to think while Elmer makes everything all better. unfortunately, and despite the extended brain munching scene, mr. Ackerman is still alive. he grabs Elmer and squeezes as hard as he can, resulting in an overflow of juices rushing into Brian's brain. he crushes the life out of Elmer in such a straightforward way, it makes you wonder how Elmer managed to live for hundreds of years. mr. Ackerman then succumbs to his injuries. Brian's brain, now severely overstimulated, begins to bulge out of his skull, which I can only imagine is not very good. Brian runs back to his bedroom in attempts to pop the bubble with a bullet, breaking a gaping hole through the front of his brainpan from which he then emits a blinding light, and then we fade the black. and that, my friends, is what happens we do drugs, or commit yourself to a superficial life of carnal pleasure, or live in a seedy 1980s air in New York City, or something. I haven't quite sifted through all the layers of this one yet. honestly, though, this is a fantastic, gritty horror exploitation film. while I haven't seen hidden ladders entire filmography, it looks like it moves quickly into extreme, campy comedy and then documentaries. so I feel confident saying this is likely the best horror film he made. it's certainly an underappreciated gem for fans of 80s horror. having only just received an updated blu-ray release in 2017 from arrow video, you should go check it out. I hope you enjoyed this video, and thank you for watching. [Music]. [Applause]. 