[Music], Reuben Tishkoff is coerced by thugs employed by Willie Bank, his former business partner, into signing over his stake in ownership rights of the new Hotel Casino they were building on the Las Vegas Strip. Reuben suffers a heart attack and becomes bedridden. Danny ocean offers Bank a chance to set things right, given his long history in Las Vegas and the fact that he shook hands with Sinatra. a bank refuses and completes construction of the Bank, renamed since breaking his deal with Reuben to avenge. Reuben, ocean gathers his partners in crime and plans to ruin Bank on the opening night of the hotel. they develop a two-fold plan to occur on the casinos opening night. one is to prevent the bank from winning the prestigious Five Diamond Award, which for of banks previous hotels at one Saul Blum is designated to stand in this the anonymous diamond reviewer, while the real reviewer will be treated horribly during his stay by ocean and his associates. the second part of the plan is to rig the casino slot machines, forcing them to pay out more than five hundred million dollars in winnings. by law, Bank would be required to cede control of the casino to the gambling board, while they can implement various rigging mechanisms into the casino. ocean and his crew know that there would be easily stopped by the Greco player tracker, a state-of-the-art computer system that continuously monitors the gamblers biometric responses and predicts when cheating is happening. instead, they plan to use a magnetron disguised as a new cell phone, as a gift to bank, to disrupt the Greco. they also obtain the drilling machine used to borrow the Channel Tunnel to simulate an earthquake under the casino, assuring that Bank limpa men's safety protocols to evacuate the casino in case of another earthquake. their plan on opening night is to have Bank inadvertently disrupt Greco, initiate their rigged machines and dealers on their payroll, and then simulate the earthquake to force the evacuation and have players leave with their winnings. as opening night draws near, the drill breaks down, ocean is forced to turn to Terry Benedict, who motion had slighted before for funds to buy replacement. Benedict, who also seeks retribution against Bank, offers the funds for a portion of his share of the take, but demands that ocean also steal the four sets of diamonds Bank had bought for his wife after winning each of the previous Diamond Awards. these are valued over 250 million dollars and secured in the case at the top of the Bank. ocean has Linus Coldwell, get romantically close to banks, assist Abagail sponder to gain access to the case secretly. benedict contracts mastered the francois the night fox, tular to intercept the diamonds after ocean steals them. ocean institute's the file a part of the plan on opening night by having FBI agents on his pay arrive at the hotel and publicly arrest Livingston dal on suspicions of rigging the cards shuffling machines, allowing them to be replaced with actual rigged ones under Banks nose. another FBI agent arrests Linus after he switches the diamonds with fakes. the agent takes Linus away but reveals himself to be his father, Robert Caldwell, also in on oceans plan. they tried to evacuate from the roof, but are intercepted by to lure, who takes the diamonds. however, ocean had anticipated this, and lianas and his father escaped in a helicopter piloted by basher, tearing the case from the roof and taking the real diamonds with them. the remainder of oceans plan goes as expected, and as they triggered the earthquake, the players evacuate with millions of dollars of winnings. ocean approaches a devastated Bank and tells him they did everything for Rueben. ocean also reminds Bank that he cannot go to the police due to banks past illegal activities, and that all of banks associates favor ocean over him with their share of the winnings. oceans crew buy property on the strip for Reuben to build his own casino because of his betrayal. ocean donates benedict seventy-two million dollar portion of the take to charity in Benedict's name, forcing him to admit his philanthropy on broadcast, television. as ocean rusty and linus prepared to head off at the airport, rusty triggers one of the rigged machines there to allow the real diamond reviewer to win eleven million dollars as a way to compensate him for how they treated him. [Music], 