today, i'm going to explain an action adventure and fantasy film called sucker punch. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. in the 1960s, a girl nicknamed babydoll receives news on her mother's death and rushes to say her final device. babydoll has a younger sister, who, at the moment, shares the grief with her. on their mother's death bed is their stepfather, who is smiling menacingly while looking at the two girls. after the funeral, the stepfather opens their mother's will, where he finds out that she has left him nothing and that all her possessions are to be given to her two daughters. this angers him, causing him to act manically, burning the will. on that stormy night, baby doll watches over her younger sister and puts her to sleep to comfort her. just as she leaves the room, her stepfather waits for her in the hallway, seeming to have an evil plan. babydoll runs to her room as fast as she could and bars the door to keep him from coming in. she even scratches him out of defense, which angers him further, realizing that inflicting physical harm on baby doll isn't enough. he goes to his younger stepdaughter's room. instead, he enters the room and starts unbuttoning his shirt. baby doll exits through the window and re-enters through the window. she holds her stepfather at gunpoint, fires at him, but misses. she shoots again, hitting his arm, but unfortunately the bullet hits her sister. realizing what had happened, baby doll runs to hug her, points the gun at her stepfather again, but could not bring herself to kill him. eventually, authorities arrive and blame the tragedy on baby doll, and she is declared mentally unstable. after the incident, baby doll is brought to the linux house to be institutionalized. two nurses drag her out of the car and bring her inside. at the end of a dim hallway, blue jones, one of the asylum staff, awaits them as he makes a deal with the stepfather. he holds the keys to multiple doors of the institution and acts as the head of security. he leads them into the theater where other girls who are labeled insane are kept. the head psychiatrist, dr veragorsky, supervises the girls and utilizes the room as a place where they could socialize. as baby doll observes the girls, the stepfather bribes blue jones into forging dr gorsky's signature to have his stepdaughter lobotomized, which will stop her from informing authorities of the true circumstances that led to her sister's death. the poor baby doll is still speechless about how fast things in her life are changing. she observes the institution, watching the daily procedures done on her. the day of her scheduled lobotomy arrives out of nowhere. she wakes up in another realm where the asylum has turned into a brothel. in there, blue becomes a mobster, while the stepfather is dressed as a priest. the star of the show, sweet pea, approaches the three of them to welcome baby doll and asks her sister rocket to show the newbie around the establishment, before following rocket for the tour. baby doll spits at her stepfather to express her utter disgust, making him angry and delusional. rocket is naturally friendly and assures baby doll that she will be comfortable in no time, as it just takes a little while to get used to she shows her a room where they bring clients, and reveals that they are the main attractions to luring customers for blues other businesses such as guns, gambling, medications and the like. in the rehearsal room, she is introduced to the other dancers, amber and blondie. rocket informs baby doll that everybody gets a dance routine that they practice until they can perform it perfectly. that night, baby doll breaks into tears in the bathroom, completely shattered about how her life is at the moment. the following day, while she scrubs the floor in the hallway, rocket does her chore in the kitchen, while the cook is busy eating his meal, she tries to take a small block of chocolate to enjoy. little does she know, the cook sees what she did and punishes her for it. babydoll hears her screams and enters the kitchen where she sees the cook pinning rocket to the ground. immediately she comes to her rescue by holding the cook at knifepoint, who now has no choice but to let the both of them go. both of them make it to the end of the hallway just as the bell rings, signifying that it is time for their daily rehearsals in class. dr gorsky is envisioned as their dance instructor. she calls baby doll to come to the middle for her to be examined. as blue enters the room, dr gorsky plays a song. babydoll seems clueless and unsure of what to do. so dr gorski approaches her to say that she has no purpose of being in the institution if she does not dance. she plays the music again, and this time, baby doll is willing to dance for her survival. she closes her eyes and wakes up in a fantasy world. a majestic temple in the snow stands before her. so she enters to see what is inside. with the door slightly open, babydoll enters and sees the wise man surrounded by candlelights, holding a sword. he asks her what she seeks for, to which she replies, a way out. the wise man promises her that he will help her get the freedom that she desperately desires. beside him, he opens a box with weapons that she needs for her journey and hands it to her. he then adds that she needs five more items that will be useful and necessary a map, fire, a knife and a key. the fifth thing is a mystery that she must find out on her own, which he claims is the reason and the goal of her journey. he also says that to get the item, a sacrifice would be needed in exchange for the victory. after relaying this message, the wise man makes her turn around, where she finds three samurai giants ready to fight her. the first samurai kicks her back into the temple, but she bravely fights back in defense. with every strike of the samurai sword, she manages to dodge it by jumping into the air, trying her best not to get him. eventually, she manages to bring the giant down by striking its knees and cutting off its head. out of nowhere. the second samurai launches a rocket, causing a big explosion inside the temple. finding out that it didn't kill baby doll, it brings out an enormous machine gun, recklessly shooting it everywhere. with impeccable speed. she dodges every bullet and runs toward the giant to shoot it directly in the face, causing its instant death. she then walks bravely outside to face the final samurai. it advances at her, and she gathers enough strength to kill it with just one strike. just like that, baby doll has defeated the three giants, despite her size and amateur experience in combat. as the music for her performance ends, she wakes up in the rehearsal room, finding everyone impressed and cheering her on. completely taken aback, blue looks at her intently before leaving the room. for the first time in weeks, she feels a sense of accomplishment. that night, babydoll lets the other girls know of her plan to escape from the establishment, but sweet pea is bitter about this idea, saying that it is impossible. blondie enters the conversation to say that the last three girls who attempted to escape have died. despite this, rocket is convinced that baby doll's plan could be effective in their escape. she and sweet pea get into an argument about trying to get out. rocket then tells her older sister that baby doll even saved her from the cook. believing intensely in her strength. because of this, sweet pea takes time to contemplate giving in to their escape plan. babydoll enters the room writes the things they need on a small blackboard, then discusses the whereabouts of the items, the map in blue's office, a lighter that will cause fire for when they escape, a knife from the cook and blues master key that he wears around his neck. baby doll finally convinces the four girls to participate in preparing an escape. she intends to use her dances as a distraction while the three girls obtain the necessary items. sweet p volunteers to take the map and makes her way to blue's office to inform him that baby doll is about to dance. excitedly, he heads to the rehearsal room for some entertainment, while sweet pea stays behind for her mission. as baby doll closes her eyes to begin the dance, she is back in the fantasy world where the four girls and the wise men appear as well. in this vision, they are in a world war setting, where they have to obtain the map by entering the enemy trenches and infiltrating a bunker protected by german soldiers. all of them make their way through the soldiers. as amber climbs to a robotic war machine. the war resumes. bullets fill the air and danger is just among them. the girls fight together to attack the enemies in hopes of obtaining the first item. amber flies into the air with her machine while shooting planes that pass by to bring them down faster. with the air slightly clear, the girls mercilessly shoot at the enemies and fight them. they manage to bring german soldiers down, despite being outnumbered and outgunned. sweet pea and rocket near the bunker, and both of them struggle to fight back. even with all their skills, the enemies manage to get a hold of them, gathering enough strength 