[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a science fiction thriller film by varium. spoiler ahead, watch out and take care. cuckoo is a kind of bird living a parasitic life. about one third of the female cuckoos will lay their eggs in other birds nests. after the eggs hatch, the baby cuckoos will push other chicks out of the nest on purpose, making the surrogate mother birds feed themselves as their own children. by intruding into other birds nests, the baby cuckoos grow up, disturbingly, even larger than their surrogate mothers. similar stories also happen in human society. gemma is a kindergarten teacher. one day she sees a girl in the kindergarten crying for two dead little birds. obviously, those are two chicks pushed out of their nest by baby cuckoos. gemma comforts the girl that it's the law of nature. her boyfriend, tom is a gardener working in the same kindergarten as gemma. he helps bury the birds, trying to make his girlfriend happier. in this way, the couple has a car, but both earn a low salary. the car is the only property they have. under the pressure of gemma's parents, the young couple decides to buy a house, preparing for their future life. one day after work, they drive to a real estate agent to ask about buying a house. the real estate office is full of strange, identical subjects in which the agent greets them with a fixed smile. though the couple shows no interest in the recommended properties, the agent insists on taking them to see a sample house. following the agent, gemma and tom drive to a large housing estate called yonder. the couple are shocked by the seemingly endless, identical greenhouses. when entering the community, the uniform houses and lawns make them puzzle. the agent takes them to the number nine house, which is fully equipped and ready to welcome its new owner. there are even food and drinks in the fridge. while showing them around, the agent asks if they have kids. when gemma replies to him, no, not yet, he mimics her words. strangely, the agent seems quite satisfied with the house and highly recommends it to the couple. he even says the couple can live here until the day they die and buried together. feeling offended, the couple leaves him alone to look around the house. however, they return to find the agent is gone. angry at the bad service, the couple decides to leave. they try to drive out of the community, but can't find the way back. there are thousands of streets in the community, and each street looks exactly the same. driving around and around, they're depressed to find themselves at house number nine again in the evening. they have lost mobile signal and running out of gasoline, but they can't find anyone around, so they have to sleep in the number nine house for the night. they have some food left in the fridge, but find it tasteless. the next morning, the couple decides to escape from this strange place. they find a ladder from the house. tom climbs up the roof, using the ladder, hoping to get a general view of the neighborhood. but he's desperate to see thousands and thousands of identical roofs stretching as far as i can reach. frightened to be trapped here, tom and gemma run on foot toward the way the sun sets. they keep climbing over the railings, but still can't find the way out. when night falls, gemma suddenly notices there's a house with a light on. it means that there must be people living in it. the couple runs over to the house excitedly. however, they're disappointed to find they have been back to the number nine house again. what's more puzzling is that there's a box full of packaged food in front of the house. it seems someone has treated them as prisoners. in order to force the man hiding behind to show up. tom sets fire to the house angrily and lets the smoke send a distress signal. they sleep on the road that night. however, the next day when they wake up, they're surprised to find the house remains in perfect condition, and there's another box containing a newborn baby in front of the door with a note, raise the child and be released. the two are confused a lot by that, but have to accept the fat baby as their own. it seems it is the only way for them to do 98 days later, however, the baby has grown to be like a primary school student who speaks like an adult and always mimics the couple's voices in a strange manner. the boy calls them mother and father. however, they don't like the child at all, as he always lets out creepy screams when he is unhappy. tom gradually gets mad as their life here is boring and they have to raise a freak boy. during the time they live there, tom consistently leaves messages for help on the roof, but no one ever finds his message. there will be a box that appears in front of the house every morning, bringing them their daily supplies. before the day ends, they put their life wastes in the box to be collected. board of his life, tom does nothing every day but sits in the garden with gemma, waiting to find who sends and collects the boxes. but they never see anyone. the boxes just show and disappear in a second. suddenly, a small area of the lawn burned by a cigarette attracts tom's attention. he finds the soil under the lawn unusual, thinking that there must be something hiding underground. so he starts to dig a hole in the garden, hoping to escape from there through the tunnel. ever since he starts digging, tom's life has been changed. during the day, he always hurries to finish his meal and starts to dig the hole in the garden. until night, he communicates less and less with gemma. sometimes he even sleeps at the bottom of the hole. it's another ordinary day. jenna sits on the ground of the living room, watching the freak boy run over and play himself. after a while, the boy turns on the tv and starts watching. the television shows bizarre and fractal-like patterns, but the boy is totally absorbed in it. when it comes to the night, gemma and tom spend their rare free time sitting in the car together. luckily, there is still some power left to turn on the car radio. being away from their world for long, they're pleased to hear such beautiful music and can't help dancing to it. however, life in the house has become an unbearable torment to tom, as the freak boy always bursts out screaming. one morning, after breakfast, to free commits a high-pitched scream. again, tom can't stand it anymore, so he locks the damn boy in the car, leaving him alone to starve. the boy shouts and struggles for help in the locked car, arousing gemma's maternal instincts. in spite of tom's opposition. she takes the boy out of the car and brings him back to the room, continuing to care for him. upset about gemma and his life, tom spends all day digging the hole and seldom talks to gemma. the couple gradually alienates from each other. the only thing that makes gemma's life better is to take care of the boy. she plays games with him every day. sometimes they will have picnics together on the grass, staring at the clouds in identical shapes. one day, however, the boy is missing. gemma looks for him anxiously, but can't find him anywhere. at night, the boy comes back alone with a book full of strange patterns and terrifying words. gemma asks him who gave him the book. the boy suddenly makes strange sounds and inflates his throat sacks, acting like a toad monster. gemma cries out in despair, for she can't stand it either. soon another 98 days pass by. the boy has grown to resemble a young man. gemma has become afraid of the freak. she weeps out her regret to tom, that they should have killed the boy. at this time, tom has become too weak. to speak aloud and wash himself. his back is covered with bruises. gemma has to figure out a way on her own. she follows the freak when he leaves the house during the day, but she gets lost before long. while tom is working on the tunnel, he finds a corpse in a body bag from underground. with his scared out, tom climbs out of the hole and happens to hear gemma's call for help. he guides gemma to find the way back with his sound. the couple finally finds each other, but they're locked outside of the house by the freak, so they have to sleep in the car. after days without food, tom becomes sicker and is close to death. when the freak comes out during the day, gemma pleads with him to save her lover, but he replies indifferently that it's time for tom to be released. the poor tom dies in gemma's arms. eventually, the freak brings back a box in which there's another vacuum bag. he zips tom's dead body into it. gemma can do nothing but watch the freak throw tom's body into that hole dug by tom. she loses her mind and anger and ambushes the freak with a pickaxe. however, she can only hurt him a little. the freak injures and makes strange noises. he opens the street as if throwing back a sheet, and crawls into a maze underground. gemma follows him into the maze. she is surprised by this underground world. it's like a colorful, haunted house where she sees others repeat a similar miserable life in a similar house with a similar freak boy. gemma sees all of the familiar scenes as a fast forward movie, ending with the death of those poor people like her. gemma is so depressed to fall downstairs and finds herself back in the number nine house again. gemma finally realizes that they have been imprisoned since they enter this community. she has never felt so weak and hopeless. in desperation, she closes her eyes. the last thing she knows is that the freak puts her body into a new vacuum bag and says indifferently that mothers should die after raising their children. gemma says with her last reserves of strength that she wants to go home. the freak, however, replies thrillingly that this is her home and resting place. after gemma dies, the freak buries her with tom and fills the hole. the hole then disappears in a moment as if nothing has ever happened. after the couple dies, the freak repaints the number nine house to its original condition. he fills the couple's car with gas, then drives out of the community easily to the real estate office where tom and gemma once went. the agent who met the couple lies in the chair waiting for him. however, he seems very old and is about to die. freak gets the agent's name tagged to take over his responsibilities. he then moves the dying agent's body into a bag, folds it up and puts it into a drawer. finishing all this, the freak sits down behind the table. now he has become the new agent, waiting for his clients. at this moment, the doorbell rings as another couple walks into the office. the new agent stands to welcome them. it seems that another story has begun. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 