welcome to the falcon and the winter soldier. episode 4, crammed. you see, six years ago, after civil war, the wakundans helped remove the winter soldier trigger words from bucky's conditioning, allowing him a personal freedom he had not had for most of his life. so he kind of owes them an explanation, and io gives him eight hours before they come for zemo, who believes that carly morgan four cannot be reasoned with, and that those who pursue the use of super soldier serum will always have a strain of ideological supremacy in them, although the key members don't seem super stoked about their murderous actions. so far, carly had tried to get the dead dr nagel to help save the life of a grc camp community leader called donya. and the boys pop over to the refugee camp to find some clues. the internationally displaced, however, give them the cold shoulder, despite knowing who sam is. but zemo proves the age-old method of using sweets to lure in children, but to get to the details of donya's upcoming funeral, but he keeps the details to himself in order to remain useful. while sam calls sharon, who offers to monitor some surveillance satellites over the area in a bid to find carly and stop the power broker from turning mad deport into a war zone. she plans to use the last of the serum to make some more super soldiers to join her ranks. but first they're going to a funeral. jw catches up with the boys and is surprised to discover that sam wants to try talking to carly alone first, to see if she can be reasoned with. thanks to zemo's lead, and captain america 2 gives him 10 minutes to try things his way without making a scene. sam can relate to carly's frustration and outlook, but doesn't believe that a truly better world can come from killing people, just a different one. but the stress of sitting patiently is kind of getting under jw's skin and giving him an itchy trigger finger, causing bucky to realize that he might be on the slow road to a nervous breakdown. so sam's peaceful negotiations are ended early, and carly makes her escape with the serum, only to be headed off by zemo, he's still intent on ridding the world of super soldiers, and smashes all the serum without hesitation. but he's knocked out by john walker, who finds one surviving dose, which quietly gives him an erection. and back at the safe house, he's also throwing ego tantrums and trying to start fights, just in time for the dora milage to join the conversation, who've come for zemo. and despite a friendly warning, the captain is keen to exercise his authority over anyone he can in order to feel in control. this was a mistake, as the highly trained wakandan elite beats down the moody boys, as well as bucky and sam, who only step in to make sure no one gets killed. and it's time for a privileged check all around, as the ladies remove the african technology, but the american boys had gotten used to treating as their own. but this distraction allows zemo to escape. jw is bummed out at getting a slap down instead of just being america number one, and talks himself into taking that dose of super soldier serum off screen, instead of just having a shave and taking a moment to chill. so when carly executes a new plan to lure sam and bucky away for another face-to-face meeting, thanks to a threatening phone call to sam's sister, it means that the rest of her flag smashers can kidnap lamar and make good on their attempts to kill the new captain america. thankfully, sharon carter phones in everyone's location from the satellite tracking. and this leads to a royal rumble, where bucky and sam use their various skills to give a little payback to the crew that threw them off of moving trucks, whilst the now dosed up captain america has clearly become more than they were planning to chew on, helping to bring the fight right back to the flag smashers. however, they focus in on their one target, and carly jumps in for the killing blow. but lemar had escaped his bonds and leaps in for a save that causes carly to punch him clean into the next life, stunning everyone. and having killed the wrong man, the revolutionaries make a run for it, but the enraged captain america chases one of the flag smashes down and uses the shield to violently execute the man as he publicly begged for his life, covering it in blood and killing his public image. so thanks a lot for watching. hit that subscribe button for a little bit more, and i'll see you next time. take care. 