Liss. so netflix has a couple of movies out that we wanted to cover in one video. one is Shakespeare alle sha'lame. another a psychological thriller where a man loses his wife and daughter in the ER. and then a spooky movie dealing with a Bubble Boy. you can't leave this house. let me explain. so the first one I want to start with is the king, which I'd give a junior price to just just off of the memes alone. luckily, you can stream it, since plan B produced his with Netflix. it's written by joel edgerton and director david mich\xc3\xb4d who did animal kingdom, which i highly recommend if you haven't got that one. but he also did the rover making. this his reunion with Pattinson. and he also did warmachine, another plan B movie Netflix had no plan B for. luckily, he's got the king of white boi Twitter himself to helm this film. and I'd say he makes a decent movie. king. he's not up there with the great but I like the speech. but in case you don't know anything about Henry v he actually came before Henry the sixth, but after Henry the fourth. and even though he only ruled for a decade, this man has plays by Shakespeare on him, causing his legacy to endure for centuries. in the Netflix version, they dramatizes perils as a young boy during a time when they were losing hundreds of men at war. yet the king wouldn't pay for those who were caught. he wouldn't pay for the ransoms cuz then he wouldn't have enough for his chicken. eventually, his dad dies as well as his brother Tommen. so the pacifist Henry, who was vehemently against war and any kind of violence, becomes the King known for war and being really good at violence. but because he was used jeonse known you nothing. but Henry over here has to get reminded by the screenwriter over and over that people are never prepared for war. but I think you forgot to tell him was that some people also hope for it and profit from it. this dude right here ends up being the guy who screwed everything over for him, just because he wanted him to be in power, but more so because he was gonna profit from it. this man is Dick Cheney and Littlefinger wrapped into one, like you should know, never trust Holloman Lane. if there's one person who fought harder than to me in these battles, though, man was robber with that accent. I have not come to offer you surrender. that is what your open but you know what? I love his Pepe LePew accent in this movie. I've honestly loved everything that this man's been doing with his career. the fact that Robert Pattinson went from a vampire hot Rob to the 824 alum having sex with mermaids, and next he's playing Batman. but yeah, the danger is always that it drifts off into kind of Monty Python. fantastic. Robert really suited up in this scene, even though he stand a chance at all, especially after Henry speech, something that I'm not saying is the best of all time. you know, I have a Timmy bias when it comes to it, anyways, but I think it's good enough that I'm confident in him leading the new Doon with them. thank you. thank you. thank you. thank you. thank line. Thank You, Caitlin. thank you. take line. make a cake. line. thank you. thank God. like this boy is pacing around like Jordan. and Game seven, he's leading the front of his pack, like happened to chil and WA Conda. and I love the one take, seeing him really get into the action, made him feel like a ducky. are there certain angles where it looks less like war and more like NYC rush hour? yes. but Timmy killed it with his bare arms. and even had soldiers who went out to their own spleens bending the knee for him. not as bendy is that sword Patterson hand. but hey Johnson, oh, look, you're not alone with the bendy club. by the end of it, Henry doesn't stick it into Lois, but he does his sister Catherine, who informs him that he got duped this whole time. and thus you get this bittersweet ending where he has all of this power, he's this great king, only to end up heartbroken once again. that side. big shout to the composer Nicholas Berta, who previously did moonlight, which I loved. he did Beale streets. he also did succession, which I'm halfway through the first season, but the score is incredible. and Portia even raps over it. fantastic score for this one as well. I think he does a great job, especially with the coronation scene. and also a big shout out to the cinematographer who did Macbeth, which not my favorite movie, but I swear by that being one of the most beautiful looking movies of the decade. and he does a great job here with the battle scenes as well. overall, I liked it enough to catch it twice for this video. and I'm left exhilarated to hear what King movie Netflix has in store for us next year. so this movie comes from director Brett Anderson, who's marking his third film in a creepy medical facility. disturbing psychological thrillers set at hospitals, it seems to be a little bit of a theme for me. I thought this was a decent Netflix watch. I would give it a Streetman, mainly because I've seen this story done a lot of times. but I don't think I should take away in case you've never seen a movie like this. but obviously spoilers for this little bit that I'm covering it. if you pay close attention, you should be able to guess the entire movie right away. considering that the story is about a guy who hasn't been the same since in incidents, and now he's taking his girl to the hospital after a fall. even though, like, the movie kind of sprawled to you with clips saying, so, it kind of leaves you sitting there and considering we had just covered puka. I'm just wondering, are they gonna pukas again? they poke at us again. I'm sure we all see different variations of this story where something traumatic happens, and instead of coping with it, the character creates an entire alternate reality, which, if you didn't put your wife you know what it happened. I'll give the movie credit in the way it plays off the hospital scenes and having its cast and kind of like offset the suspicions. you know, I do think there's an interesting story there. it just I thought the clues made it a little too obvious. thanks to Yuri fly and EMS brought in a couple head trauma, so it's backed us up a bit. couple teenagers. if I wouldn't recommend something, my favorite in I wouldn't really call it a genre, but stories like this, I wouldn't recommend these right here. but for this one. by the end of it, like I said, definitely a stream it, but one that uses Sam Worthington as an avatar for this gritty lesson. but hospitals are just like on another just they can be depicted as places where one goes to be saved as much as places where you can go and and to your to your doom. now I like this one, but it could just be because I knew the ending before going into it, and I had no idea how they were gonna get from point A to point B. it begins with this child named Eli who's being treated like a Bubble Boy who can't leave his own house because he gets extremely sick. but while everyone's wondering what causes it, towards the beginning of the movie, I'm just staring at this kid's feet like, well, obviously it's cuz he's not wearing any socks. by the end of it, it turns out that he's the son of Satan, but you don't know that until the end of it. so then drilling his head makes no sense while you're watching this movie. meanwhile, the poor kid doesn't know why he's in there either. so while his kids getting spooked or dragged by these demons in this hospital, he has no idea what's happening. and I will say that that's the one part of the movie that kind of doesn't make sense once you know the ending. because, considering these are demons, be be it either his past siblings or his own minions, shouldn't they be like helping him instead of freaking him out? like if I went to a family reunion, but I didn't know I was in one, I would hope they'd tell me, and don't, you know, scare the crap out of me. that said, it is all supposed to be from the kids perspective, besides like three scenes the director stated were from a different perspective. and there's a lot from the parents, but I counted more that broke the perspective. but I think the movie, stone in a setting, do a great job at putting you in this poor kid's mind, sometimes literally. eventually we realize that he doesn't have a gluten allergy, but that this entire place is set up to run exorcisms on him and other kids before this devil child literally raises hell and bright burns the world. see, the mom had a threesome back in her college days with a devil in order to have a kid without her husband knowing at all. but it turns out that this wasn't a one-time thing for Lucifer. pretty much, Satan laid more pipe than Wilt Chamberlain in his early days, and now he's dealing with his own delivery man scenario as all his bastard children get sent to this exorcism hospital. so once Li realizes he's a little Hellboy and he's been done wrong, he decides to blow up his dad's face again, didn't know, turns his mom into the new rosemary, and is joined by his new half-sister to go discover stranger things and hopefully get some child support money from his dead think you guys freaking out this video? I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. quicks to be facts, I guess. if we're talking about the king, Heath Ledger had inspired him to become an actor, which what that was interesting. but he ended up doing a lot more Batman, supposedly. this according to story right here, he went to go do an audition, and he was supposed to do the original psycho, but he had like, practice the American Psycho rendition. so I could just imagine how confused the casting directors were when this kid came in all crazy with an X. another thing from the King that I thought was funny was Lily Depp's comments on her forehead for this role. as I'm quite a large for it. and when I went in for my my, like, hair and makeup fitting for the for the fart, they were kind of sorted in my hair and stuff, and they were like, oh, your forehead is perfect for the time period. but I went it, kind of did some research on it. in this period, women used to pluck, therefore, pluck the hairs out of their forehead. you need to have like, further, yeah, I was like, a sign of beauty and intelligence, that like, big forehead, period. so they used to pluck their allies. and I was like, I don't really have stuff on some of the other movies. maybe you guys do to let me know some tidbits on the other two we covered. but we also do have, like, an x-ray view. rattlesnake. Elina had seen this one, and she told me it was more of a stream, and she kind of explained it to me as a rattly. I was paying attention to it, but not fully. so that's why I want to cover it in the main section of this video, but that it's pretty much about a mother who will do anything for her child. and they kind of have an extra emphasis in the beginning of the movie where under any circumstances, she would never hurt anyone, you know, unless it's to save her kid. she said it was an interesting premise, except for the fact that she drags to react in multiple times. and that's on top of her morals going everywhere. like, I've heard a lot of people complain about the cop-out as well, because, supposedly, she tries to commit suicide because, like, someone needs to give their life, so she tries to commit suicide in order to protect her child. and it's one of those things where you get it, like, it's a strong point. almost every parent would do that. but the metaphor visually, you know, the way that they showed it, it just doesn't work. it looks like a woman, I don't know, trying to do a something opposite than what she should have been doing. she told me that by the end of it, she stalks a dude living in the middle of nowhere, who we have to wait for a sundown, cuz movie rules. but he's abusive, so eventually she you know, it's okay to take his life for the daughters, and they live happily ever after, with the lesson being to, I guess, be a better parent and don't leave your child alone to get bit. or, you know, be the best parents and make sure your kid watches anything other than rattles. Netflix, I'm here to know your thoughts. we did catch that one. the performance seemed to be good, but I guess the story just wasn't there. which seems to be the bit with a lot of these Netflix things, is that they released, or they're, they're releasing a lot of movies out there in between, like the Irishman and stuff where, you know, it's not like HBO, where everything's quality. you have to watch like five movies before you get the one good one, unless it comes with a name like Martin Scorsese. but there's a bunch of these that I know that they're buying off of Studios who couldn't release them in theaters, so they're giving it to them. and it's ironic that theaters don't want to support stuff from Netflix, considering stories like that. but I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to come and like and subscribe. and Robert will change boobs 