song hyun serves as a catholic priest to provide ministry to the patients. among the nurses at the hospital is nurse you who later goes into confession for having suicidal thoughts. sanguine advises her to pray more, as taking one's own life is worse than murder. songhun is dedicated to his life of volunteering and serving the sick. with this, he decides to participate in an experiment for the cure of the immanuel virus. the research director explains the side effects of the disease and asks seongyun questions about why he wants to volunteer. songhun eventually gets accepted and is immediately admitted to the lab quarters. along with him are other volunteers who are willing to contribute to science and medicine. after being infected, he is examined. as his condition worsens, blisters and rashes begin to appear in his skin, and his fingernails are coming off. he plays the flute to cure his boredom, and blood comes out of his mouth out of nowhere. sonjun loses consciousness and is brought to the emergency room for immediate medical attention there. blood transfusion is done to preserve his life, but he dies shortly after. the doctors announce his death, but they realize that he is still breathing as they are about to leave the room. six months later, song kyung is released after his rapid and unexpected recovery. noose travels fast, and multiple people think that he has healing powers. they even flock around the research facility to ask song hyun to heal them, which is very new to him. as song hyun is still in the process of recovery, he pays visits to dr ku to monitor his health. song hyun tells the doctor about feeling nauseous and having heightened senses. however, dr kuh is confident that song hyun is free from the virus already. later that day, father wrote congratulate song hyun for being the only survivor among the 50 volunteers. while song hyun is holding a fun event for children diagnosed with cancer, mrs raw hurriedly approaches him. she begs song hyun to check on her son, kang woo, his childhood friend. he also meets kang wu's wife, tatu, and they all talk about how life has been in their unlikely reunion. after some days, the family invites song to their home to celebrate kang wu's miraculous recovery. mrs raw offers him food, but son heun gets to the ground after smelling a whiff of blood. taejoo immediately runs to the bathroom, realizing that she is on her period. other guests arrive, and kang woo introduces song hyun to young do, his wife, evelyn and sonde. after they are all complete, they gather around the table to play a game of mahjong. in the middle of the game, kangwoo grabs taiju to make fun of her, and she falls in the process. sankyun offers to help her, but she gets up on her own. filled with annoyance, taejoo attempts to hit her husband, but she changes her mind. after grabbing everyone's attention. that night, song hyun's senses become out of control, making him hear, smell and feel everything around him. he falls to the ground after he couldn't take the unfamiliar feeling anymore, leaving him unconscious. at daybreak, song hyun feels a burning sensation in his skin as sunlight enters his room after realizing that he has to take cover. song hyun spends the whole day inside his closet. at the hospital, nurse you inform song hyun about a patient losing an excessive amount of blood. he prays over the woman's body, while being distracted by her blood. song hyun can't help but crave for it, causing him to stutter as he utters the final rites while holding his hands together in prayer. songhun abruptly licks the blood. later that night, song hyun lies at an unconscious patient's bedside to drink blood, giving in to his desires. after doing so, he notices that his face becomes clear from the rashes and blisters that were once evident. as guilt overtakes him, songhun decides to jump out of the window in an attempt to take his own life. however, he is unsuccessful after surviving the drop. meanwhile, kaiju stops her impulses to hurt kang wu by running around the neighborhood. she does this to distract herself from destructive thoughts toward her husband and to drain herself to sleep as if nothing happened. song hyun walks around the town where he sees taejoo barefoot and in her sleeping gown. she quickly runs away, but song hyun lifts her and gives her his shoes upon doing her a favor. song hyun intently looks at her back, where he sees blood flowing through her veins. with growing concerns about his situation, song hyun consults father roh about it. he lets him hold his heart through an incision in his chest, which seems nothing to him. songhun suspects that the vampire blood is the one that saved him from the virus and is the cause of his sinful desires. despite that the symptoms of the virus only go away when he drinks sufficient blood. as sangin expresses his hardships, father ro cuts himself to extract blood from his system. he does this to spare song hyun from sin for the night, at least one night. song hyun visits teiju in their shop where she replaces his shoe. at that moment, he is sure of his attraction toward the married woman, and they start to make love. after hearing that song hyun serves at the hospital. on sundays, taiju meets up with him to have an intimate moment once again before they begin. songhun tells taiju that they're a fair must end as he does not want to wind up in hell. although he clarifies that they are giving in to sin, taejoo still wants to see him. while they make love, song hyun takes several bites of taiju, but she does not mind as it also satisfies her. shortly after, song hyun finally reveals what he really is to taiju, making her retreat in fear. he shows his true self by drinking one of the patient's blood to regain her trust. song hyun comes to tai zhu's house to persuade her into running away with him. to his disappointment, taiju is still shocked about his true identity and declines his offer. after some time, taejoo gets in contact with song hyun once again, curious to know more about vampires. both of them meet and spend time together as seongyun shows off his skills and superhuman powers. songhun then notices bruises on her and assumes that kang woo is the cause, which she sheepishly confirms. father ro offers more of his blood back in the monastery, but song hume respectfully declines the offer. for many years, father roh has been blind, and he requests song hyun to give him vampire blood so he could see again. in disgust, song hyun walks out of the room, claiming that he is no longer a priest. in search of a new shelter, he decides to move into mrs ra's house, where he secretly beds her daughter-in-law. one night, mrs raw leaves for the town and locks taiju with kangmu to assure that she won't leave him while she's away. to grab seongyun's attention and ask for help, she stabs herself in the leg, igniting his sense of smell, thinking that kang wu is responsible for her wounds. song hyun immediately storms into their room. in there, he attempts to kill kang wu, but taejoo begs him not too. instead, all three of them decide to go on a fishing trip, where song hyun and tae joo debate killing kang woo. a knife is pointed at kang wu, making him realize his unfortunate fate. song kun throws him out of the water where kang wu fights for his life, before song hyun kills the poor man. he asks taiju one last time if that's what she wants. sure of her decision, she holds her husband's life by a threat and orders the priest to kill kang woo. not long after, the officials arrive at the scene, and the duo makes it look like an accident. after the incident, song hyun comes to father ro to confess his sins, especially killing kangmu. as he grows weaker upon having the symptoms of the virus back, it leaves him no choice but to kill father ro. after he feeds on his superior's blood, sanguine drives near the ocean to get rid of the corpse. meanwhile, mrs roth is more than devastated about her son's death, spiraling her into alcoholism. as she fights her grief, it only leaves her feeling extreme emotions, and she is admitted to the hospital. mrs raw recovers, but ends up completely paralyzed. young do has grown closer to kang wu's family, so he tries to console taehoo. in their meeting, young dude tries to make a move on her, but she hesitates. however, she eventually gives in and decides to make love with her husband's best friend. to her surprise, she bumps into song hyun outside, and he sniffs her. with young do sent all around her body. it is enough evidence to create tension between tae joo and song yoon. later that night, they celebrate mrs ra's birthday with a cake making. tae ju sad as she never once had a party. song hyun calms her down and says that they will have a party on her birthday. as they embrace, tae joo accidentally admits that kang woo never hurt her. the confession immediately puts song hyun in a state of rage because he only killed her husband to protect her. their argument becomes more heated when they point fingers at each other for who caused kang wu's death. mrs raw listens in horror, but her immobility makes her helpless to make matters worse. visions of kang will appear out of nowhere. while they throw hurtful words at each other, taejoo eventually breaks into tears and sincerely asks seong yoon to take her life. according to taichu, she wants to be with kangwoo once again, as he is the one who truly loved her. song obliges and snaps her neck, but regrets it instantly. he realizes that he does not want to be alone and retrieves her life by feeding tay to his blood. after suspenseful minutes, taiju awakens as a vampire, while mrs raw witnesses everything in horror. since then, both of them sleep during the day and awaken at night. unlike her past self, taehoo has developed a new kind of vigor, as if she has been reborn. because mrs ra is still under her care. she continuously feeds her and provides her with basic necessities. the following night, song hyun and taju go to the station for a lie detector test. after passing the interview with flying colors, they go home separately to avoid any suspicion. on our way home, taiju contacts one of the officials asking about the interview. little did he know, she has locked her eyes on him as a target. taiju stops his car and drags him into the woods, where she mercilessly feeds on his blood. as song hyun and taeju meet, he realizes what she has done and reprimands her for killing carelessly. for songhun, their source of blood should be from people who are vulnerable. recalling nurse you dying willingly, their exchange of words turns into another argument, and songhun chases taiju across the neighborhood as they use their superhuman strength in a battle. the debate about what is ethical and what is not. during a weekly mahjong game, they all get together for the first time after kangmu's passing. before the game ends, mrs raw manages to communicate to young doo, song day and evelyn through the mahjong tiles and some eye movements. after several yes or no questions, mrs raw makes it clear that song hyun and tae joo teamed up to kill her son. all three of them are taken aback by the revelation, leaving them speechless. as soon day exits the room, taejoo punches him so hard that he snaps his neck. it leaves young due and evelyn running for their life along the deadly hallways that the duo painted white taiju kills young dude by strangulation, just before song hyun can stop her. at this point, she's uncontrollable. in the living room, evelyn is tied beside mrs rock, and she manages to get a hold of a knife. instead of escaping outside, she attempts to killtate you by stabbing her in the chest. it is ineffective, as she is an immortal, making her taunt and scare evelyn. before she could plan another kill. song hyun reprimands taejoo and leaves the poor lady bee. however, taiju finds song hyun drinking evelyn's blood for himself. song hyun, tae joo and mrs ra take a drive to flee from the crime scene. after he persuades her to escape. they drive all night and arrive at a deserted place without any form of shelter except their car. meanwhile, evelyn regains her consciousness unharmed. songhum pretended to kill and drink her blood to protect her from taejoo. teju realizes that song hyun has tricked him into believing that they will escape to safety. all along, he plans to die in each other's arms as the sun rises although she has no means to save herself from ultimate death. taejoo tries to hide in the truck. seonkyoung gets rid of any alternative and throws the trunk cover into the ocean. eventually, taiju accepts their fate and sits with songhun as they wait for the sunlight. with a bright light stretching from the horizon, the couple suffers a slow burn, while mrs raw watches in satisfaction from the backseat. a conflict between good and evil is the central theme of the story. it lies between song hyun's priesthood and his bloodthirsty self. to make sound decisions. he tries to reason himself and justify his actions as a need more than a want. with every kill, to him, his life of serving the sick and needy, while being a priest, can compensate for his sins, despite needing to kill and drink blood. songhun has not entirely turned heartless. unlike taejoo. in the end, song hyun has had enough of inflicting harm on others and brought judgment upon himself. and tatum [Music], you 