welcome to the final destination, the fourth installment in the series. let's get to it. we opened on our primary group, Nick hunt Lorie and Janet, for college co-eds, taking a study break by casually spectating a NASCAR race. the way, no one ever does like all the other movies, they have some sort of direct contact with everyone that will play a role in the plot. great. what did I dismiss? they turned left, got a broad [ __ ] hey, you earned that. all of these details, of course, lead to a disaster of epic proportions, revealing, April evidence that this movie was both released in the era of just slam, there's some CGI on it, and sheep 3d effects played for shock value as a variety of detritus and disembodied parts fly at us. this was, according to formula, a wakingdream. Nick begins to quickly unravel the science, and since this is a final destination movie, makes a scene and causes a huge commotion on the way out, bringing us our unlucky group of doomed individuals, some apparently more doomed and others. this leads to a brief coffee-shop moment dedicated to unpacking their emotional package which then leads to none other than a victim's memorial at the speedway. a slight change in this version is that some people consider Nick a hero for his actions, while others still hold him responsible for not doing more. that night. nick has full of substandard cgi effects. no in this installment devoid of any traces of Toni Todd's spiritual guidance. were amateur photographers. the plot is completely driven by Nick's visions. he provides a premonition of our racist tow truck driver amping his death metal 2:11, as he prepares to partake in his favorite pastime, racist activities. it seems he needs more practice though. [Applause]. the next to get it is a mom who put tampons and her kids ears back at the race. we get a fairly long sequence of circumstances leading to her death and what feels like a real time visit to the stylist. do we really need to work the toes this long? a multitude of dangerous accidents occur around her, as she skips through unscathed, only to be taken out by a rock to the eye. which brings us back to our main group, working out the details of what's happening weird is putting tampons in your kids ears. that's actually why we asked you guys to come over. tampons. like the last movie, a simple google search leads them to flight 180, allowing them to discover a rough outline of the rules and move the plot forward a little. Nick, that has a vision. I think we can stop it. how? steel rope. of course. they passed by a fence that begs for someone to get pushed through it, and try to convince the mechanic of his impending danger. he remains unconvinced, though being surrounded by dangerous equipment at all times. when that equipment then shows an intent to kill him, he becomes convinced, but just a moment too late, as his back gets turned into stew beef. now, in a race against the clock, George and Laurie go to save Janet, while Nick seeks out hunt. this adventurous pair are somehow able to triangulate the most probable car wash location, the vicinity of where they expect Janet to be, and blindly drive in through the wrong end. luckily, they picked correctly and at the right time, because this was happening and they're able to stop. but fortunately for Nick, he only manages to show up right his hunts insides are getting pulled to his outside at the bottom of the pool. at least he died doing what he loves. nick has a quick vision right before the TV tells them that rescue workers pulled another survivor from the rubble. this somehow has death order sequence implications, meaning the whole thing is still on. so he and George race to save the fresh survivor from being next. they fail, and then George is dispatched in short order. my god. Nick races to save the girls, who were enjoying a 3d movie, as do we all. Janet, unable to continue on, chooses to stay behind. after all this move and then she explodes on the way out. the resulting destruction reveals the meat-grinder internal workings of the escalator, which two lorry up, unapologetically riders were on the verge of climax. we find out that this is one of Nick's more detailed non CGI dreams, something we don't typically see outside of the opener. as they then restart the cycle, he manages to avert the mall explosion. two weeks later, the group finds themselves back at the coffee shop, where it seems as though death has been averted, until that is, Nick begins to notice an abundance of signs. what if we didn't change anything? what if us being here was the plan from the beginning? Ben, by my calculations, you're screwed. what did you miss? honestly, there's not much to add on these. the film's each play out in about the same way. it's mostly just a matter of how they choose to advance the plot. I hope you enjoyed the video. thank you for watching. [Music]. 