in today's video, we will look at the 2018 american spy thriller red sparrow, where ballerina dominica eggerova is recruited to sparrow school a russian intelligence service, where she is forced to use her body as a weapon. her first mission, targeting a cia agent, threatens to unravel the security of both nations. spoilers ahead. you have been warned. now like the video and subscribe to the channel if you enjoyed this video. in the opening scenes of the movie, we are introduced to our two lead characters, dominica eggerova and nate nash. the setting is modern day russia. dominica is listening to music, whilst nate is listening to a coded recording. as nate decrypts the code and removes a weapon from underneath his desk, dominica arrives at the theater and begins to apply makeup. domenica is a famous ballerina, and as she begins to perform, we see nate nash, a cia agent, enter the park to meet his russian mole codenamed marble. the classical music playing over the scenes intensifies, as does the situation for our two leads, nate is confronted by the police and fires a gun to create a distraction from his mole. he is chased through town where he manages to make it to the u.s embassy. dominica is lifted and spun through the air by her leading man, but as he goes to put her down, he drops her, and she lands badly. nate drops to the floor and surrender at the same time as dominica falls and breaks her ankle. dominica's uncle, ivan, who is the deputy director of the svr, comes to visit and offers her a job working with him. he also gives her photographs of her lead man kissing the girl who replaced dominica in the ballet. dominica understands that she was dropped on purpose and goes to confront the pair. she walks into the theater to find the two ballet leads having sex in the bathroom. she beats them both violently with her walking stick, then leaves. when she returns home, her mother is on the floor unable to get up. and it becomes clear to dominica that she will have to take her uncle's job if she wishes to maintain good care for her mother. we see dominica getting dressed up as her uncle's voice relays instructions. she is tasked with seducing dmitry ustanov for information. but when they go to his room, he begins to rape her. as this is happening, another svr agent enters the room and kills dimitri, strangling him with a piece of wire. dimitri's blood drips onto dominica, who is taken away by the svr agent. dominica is given two choices, train as an agent or be killed for witnessing the murder of dmitry. dominica is sent to state school 4 to train as a red sparrow. here she meets the matron, who tells her that if she cannot be of service to her state, she will put a bullet through her head. teaching begins, and the matron calls dominica, along with a boy named victor, to the front of the class and tells him to strip. victor complies, but dominica refuses. meanwhile, nate is back in washington for his debrief where he is suspended from foreign assignments. nate argues that he has been with marvel for three years, and marble will refuse to work with anyone else. dominica's training continues with activities such as shooting, lock picking and learning how different substances can be used and traced. dominica excels nate is in a meeting with the cia. he tells him that he has a tail, which makes him believe marble is still alive. as the cia has been unable to establish contact with marble. they give nate one final assignment, to meet marble in budapest and get him to communicate via one of the other agents. at state school 4, matron tells the class the purpose of a red sparrow, every human being is a puzzle with a missing piece. a red sparrow must establish the real need of the other person and become that missing piece. the students are assigned returning soldiers and told to take care of their needs. dominica picks a quiet boy and takes him to her room. later, when she is showering, a fellow sparrow walks in and tries to rape her. she rips off the shower handle and beats him with it. dominica's uncle, ivan, is in a meeting with the senior members of the svr, including general korchnoy to discuss nate. they are aware that nate will be trying to establish contact with their mole, and they are keen to send in another agent to establish the moles identity. though dominica has caused friction with the matron due to her continued refusal to obey orders, she is given the assignment in budapest. she must get close to nate, establish trust and find the mole. dominica moves into an apartment alongside another agent called marta. she is quick to establish contact with nate, but he is quick to realize that she is a russian agent. dominica inspects marta's room and discovers that she is assigned to buy classified intelligence from a senior u.s staff member, stephanie boucher. nate has invited dominica to dinner, but she doesn't show. instead waiting outside for him to leave. she then follows him back to his apartment and gets him to talk about the incident in the park that we witnessed at the beginning of the movie. dominica is contacted by ivan. she tells him that she is building trust with nate and has extracted information about the night in the park, when ivan pushes her, asking why she is not working more quickly, dominica says that she is helping marta with her assignment. when dominica returns to her apartment, marta has been brutally murdered for sharing the details of her assignment, and dominica is threatened with the same if she failed to deliver results. dominica goes to nate and tells him everything. he offers her a position working for the cia, and tells her that he would never treat her how her uncle does. dominica passes a lie detector given by the cia and takes up their first assignment, to meet with ms busher and swap the intelligence for fake disks to give to the russians. she completes this task, but as she leaves the hotel, she is captured by the russians and taken home. here she is tortured. we see her repeatedly asked if she gave miss boucher to the americans. the first time she says no, she is stripped, naked, locked in a room with her hands tied to the ceiling. water pours down on her, and they're a blast of intensely heavy metal music. the second time, dominica says no, she is beaten with a hammer across her legs, arms and finally her head. the final time, dominica says that she did not give miss boucher to the americans. she is threatened with a gun, but when the trigger is pulled, it becomes clear it wasn't loaded. ivan enters the room to talk to dominica. he tells her that he can only provide so much protection for her. she responds by telling her uncle that this was all part of her strategy. she had to make the americans believe her credibility. she needed to give nate a reason to believe her, and now that she has been tortured, nate will have total trust in her. dominica asks her uncle to let her go back and prove that she can get the job done efficiently. at this point we are left to wonder, whose side is she really on. upon dominica's return to budapest, she is reunited with nate. they passionately embrace, and the care they have for each other seems to be genuine. however, in the middle of the night, dominica awakes to find that nate is no longer asleep next to her. she walks out into the kitchen where she sees nate tied to a chair, an svr agent slowly torturing him. at first we see the shock on dominica's face, but she knows what she must do, and we soon see the distant look return to her eyes. she offers to help extract information from nate by peeling off slices of his skin. nate yells out in pain, but dominica continues. as the trust builds between dominica and the svr agent, he lets down his guard just long enough for dominica to attack him and free nate. the two of them work together to bring down the russian but not without sustaining wounds and injuries themselves. as dominica recovers in hospital, it looks like it is all over for her. she has blown her cover to the russians by saving nate's life, and she has no further cards to play. general korchnoy comes to talk to her, a man who we have seen to be steadfast and intimidating throughout the movie. just as all hope is lost, courchnoy makes the shocking confession that it is he who is the mole. korchnoy is impressed by dominica's work and dedication and wants her to give him up in order to gain the full trust of the russians. she can then take over his role by giving russian intelligence to the usa. korchner accepts his fate and awaits the arrival of the russians to impose his imminent death. a team of russians and americans gather on the airfield to trade moles. nate holds on to dominica's arm and asks how she was able to give up the mull so easily. he is disappointed in her decision. we see marvel step out of the helicopter with a bag over his head. nate continues to express his demay by telling dominica that the russians will never let them take marble alive. she says that one day he will understand what she has done, but nate reiterates that he will not, because he is not in the habit of throwing people away. dominica begins to move towards the russians, marble towards the americans. all that is left is for nate to confirm the mole's identity the bag is lifted. and in a huge final twist, we see that the man dominica has named as the mole is not korchnoy, but is, in fact, her uncle, ivan. in a sequence of flashbacks, we see that dominica has worked for a long time to implicate her uncle, removing a glass from nate's apartment and placing it in ivans and opening a bank account in ivan's name, into which she got the cia to transfer money. there is a look of resignation in ivan's eyes, and as he passes dominica, he says, you have killed me. her response to him is, didn't i do it well, uncle? they walk past each other, but as ivan approaches the americans, he is shot dead. the russians grab dominica, who is in shock, and push her into the helicopter. she is later receiving a medal of honor from the russians court. schneid gives her a nod as everyone applauds. domenica returns to looking after her mother. she receives a phone call. there is no voice, only the sound of the classical ballet music, which makes her smile. thanks for watching. make sure to like the video if you enjoyed it, and subscribe to the channel to see more of these movie summaries 