[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2012 coming-of-age film, moonrise kingdom. so let's get started. on a small island, twelve-year-old Suzy Bishop lives with her parents and her three younger brothers, orphan Sam, also 12, attends camp Ivanhoe, led by Scoutmaster Ward. we find that Sam and Suzy met the year before, became pen pals and have grown a romantic relationship. Suzy, frustrated with her life at home, and Sam, being the outcast of the Scout group, have made a pact to run our way together. word soon finds that Sam is gone and notifies captain Sharpe. they alert Sam's foster parents, but they find they no longer wish to house him. the khaki Scouts, ordered by ward to find Sam, confront the couple. Suzy injures a scout with scissors. the scouts flee, and Sam and Suzy hike to a secluded Cove, which they named moonrise kingdom. Susie's parents Ward the scouts and captain Sharpe finds Sam and Suzy. Susie's parents take her home where she reveals to her mother that she knows she's having an affair with captain sharp. sharp decides to house Sam. after meeting up to discuss Sam's situation, the Scouts help the couple escape. again, they go to the khaki Scout headquarters to seek out the help of cousin Ben, who decides that the best option is to send Sam and Suzy off on a boat so Sam can avoid social services. they prepared to take off, but Sam runs back to grab Suzy's binoculars that have been taken by the Scout she stabbed earlier, who alerts the camp. a storm rolls in, leading to a chase through a field of lightning. Samish struck, but survives, and they flee the island due to severe flash flooding. the group heads to the church. sharp spots Sam and Suzy in the church and chases them up to the sepal flank of their only option is to jump. they prepare to plunge into the shallow water below. before they can, sharp tells Sam he will adopt him. the steeple is destroyed by lightning, but everyone survives. we are shown Suzy and Sam living a happier life in love. at the close of the film. so that was a spoilers for moonrise kingdom. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the it's below. checkout movie spoiler alerts on social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 