welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we are going to be looking at part two of the Back to the Future series. so let's get started. the film begins the same way the previous one ended, with Doc picking up Marty and Jennifer, taking them to the future in order to prevent their future son, Marty jr. from participating in a robbery. they arrive in the future on October 21st, 2015. this is the actual date that they arrive. that'll does crazy Photoshop dates that always appear on Facebook. when they arrive, Doc uses a device to make Jennifer sleep, and Marty goes into town to pose as his son so he can refuse to participate in the robbery. while in the diner, Biff's grandson, Griff, remember Biff was the antagonist from the first film, enters to try to coerce who he thinks is Marty jr. to help in the robbery. Marty refuses the offer, and a big fight breaks out, but eventually Marty wins and Griff and his friends are arrested before meeting back up with Doc. though Marty bi is a sports Almanac which shows all the winners of the major sporting events from 1950 to the year 2000. so several games that Marty still has not seen, doc finds the Almanac, scolds Marty, telling him the serious issues that could arise from using this knowledge. doc and Marty then both discovered that the unconscious Jennifer was taken to her 2015 home, and they need to go get her. while all this is going on, the much older Biff has been listening the entire time. while Marty and Doc are preoccupied with rescuing Jennifer from her future home, Biff steals both a DeLorean and the Almanac, goes back to the year 1955 in order to give the sports Almanac to a younger version of himself to make himself rich through betting. Biff then returns the DeLorean to the Year 2015, with doc and Marty unaware anything has happened. doc and Marty, along with a still unconscious Jennifer, go back to 1985, only to find out that the town has drastically changed. Biff is now a very wealthy and corrupt man who is turned hill valley into a near apocalyptic Society. Biff killed Marty's father and his for Smarties mother, Lorraine, to marry him and dock hidden this timeline has been committed to an insane asylum. after Marty discovers that Biff did use the Almanac, and discovers what date he got the Almanac on, Marty rushes back to November 12, 1955 to prevent Biff from ever getting the Almanac. Marty sees Biff, gets the Almanac and follows Biff to the high school dance from the first film. a big chase eventually ensues, and Marty gets the Almanac and destroys it. however, while destroying the Almanac, the DeLorean, which doc is sitting in, is struck by lightning, sending it back in time. then out of nowhere, a Western Union courier appears, handing Marty a letter that was from Doc stating that he had been sent back to the year 1885. marty then runs back into town to find the 1955 version of doc. the 1955 doc had just sent an earlier version of marty from the first film away. and upon seeing the new version of marty appear, this causes him to faint and ends the film. well, that was the second part of the Back to the Future series. check out my other videos for more summaries, and please like and subscribe if you enjoy my videos, also let me know in the comments what other movies you'd like to see me spoil. thanks for watching. 