[Music]. after being rescued from the destroyed arena in the 75th hunger games, tributes, katniss everdeen, bt and finnick odair, are taken to district 13, a below ground district isolated from pan am that has been spearheading the rebellion. katniss is reunited with her mother and her sister, prim and is introduced to president alma coyne, the rebel leader. katniss is told that her arrow destroying the force field led to riots in over half the districts, joining district 13 in the rebellion, which caused president snow to bomb district 12 in retaliation. coin asks her to become the mockingjay, a symbol of the rebellion, as part of a hearts and minds strategy. katniss reluctantly agrees. after seeing peta being manipulated on state television to quell the rebellion. she visits the ruins of district 12, her old house, somehow untouched with white roses from president snow. inside, katniss meets her film team and is given effie trinket as a stylist and close friend gail as a bodyguard. they go to district 8, where katniss is filmed being saluted by dozens of wounded civilians at a hospital. snow, seeing the footage, orders an airstrike at the hospital, killing everyone inside. the crew films katniss and gayle shooting down two capital hovercraft. and katniss's rage-filled threat, if we burn you burn with us. district 7 revolts, shouting the same phrase and killing peacekeepers. katniss and her team travel to district 12. katniss is filmed singing a song called the hanging tree. millions of protesters in district 5, singing the same anthem, launch a suicidal human wave attack against a hydroelectric dam that is the capital's primary source of electricity. the attack knocks out power, forcing the capital to revert to secondary generators. that night, katniss watches peta being interviewed when coin and bt hijacked the signal to air a clip of katniss. after seeing it, peta suddenly shouts a warning that the capital is about to attack district 13. coin orders a mass evacuation into deep underground shelters, and the facility survives the attack. upon emerging, katniss discovers the area littered with white roses. she concludes that snow orchestrated this to inform her that whenever she condemns the capital, they'll torture peta in retaliation. coin dispatches an elite special forces team to rescue peta and the remaining victors that were captured from their prison. bt hijacks the capital's defense system with a video narrated by finnick to convince more districts to side with the rebellion. gail's team rescues the victors and escapes the capital, easily, indicating the capital reduced its security on purpose. when katniss greets peta, he unexpectedly attacks and strangles her into unconsciousness before being knocked out by boggs. katniss wakes up and is informed that peta has been hijacked, brainwashed into trying to kill her, which explains why the capital allowed them to escape with him. peta is placed in solitary confinement while a serum is developed to reverse the hijacking effects. coin announces that the rebels next objective is the capital's principal military stronghold in district 2, now the only district remaining loyal to the capital 