welcome to the man of recaps. this is the bachelor, episode three. last week was the big champagne drama between Hannah Ann and Kelsey. they continued the drama this week. finally have a sit down to talk out their issues. and as you might imagine, nothing is accomplished. they still don't like each other, but life goes on. it's time for a one-on-one date with Victoria P she's the one that gets motion sickness and had the PTSD. flashback to the Disneyland teacups. Peters taking her to one of his favorite spots. apparently, even though he's from Southern California, guess he's got a little country in him, cuz they're going line dancing. it's a good time, classic one-on-one date. in fact, the whole thing's over in five minutes. that night, they really connect. Victoria opens up about her past, how her dad died young and her mom fell into drug addiction so she had to take care of her little sister. just the kind of real emotions that Peter apparently loves. so these two make out in a plane, and you can put Victoria P up among the frontrunners. the next morning, the girls get an intense wake-up call. Demi's back. she was in Colton season, and she's setting the girls up for a pillow fighting group date. it's a good fun time. everyone loves up a jam a pillow fight. it's worth mentioning Tammy here. she hasn't made it into my recaps yet, but she's a really good one. she's in real estate flipping houses, but she's kind of a badass martial arts chick, so she shines here. the finals come down to alia and Sydney. and these two had beef beforehand. alia was a pageant girl. she seems real on all the time. and Sydney thinks she's totally fake. so when alia takes the crown, Sydney is not happy. alia makes a good connection with Peter that night, but when it's Sydney's time to talk, she calls alia out for being fake. and Peter hates fakeness. he wants that real connection. plus he saw firsthand last season that Hannah ended up falling in love and picking Jed, who was not genuine the whole time. the next day at the house, they're gonna have a fun, drama-free pool party. except, just kidding. pool party's cancelled. a war talk and drama. Peter talks to all the girls in the house, trying to find out what they think about alia. the general consensus is she's just a little bit fake, you know, she turns it on when the cameras are around. so Peter has a good talk with alia. she assures him that she's 100% real, and he's loving it. Alejo ever. but when he talks to Victoria, P turns out she used to do pageants too, and she and alia actually know each other. they had only met a few times, but apparently alia told Victoria P not to tell the producers they knew each other, so it wouldn't disqualify them. and Peter hates lying, even if it's, in my opinion, a very small white lie. so aleeah's back on the chopping block. so it's time for the rose ceremony. and the girls who had good screen time all get a rose, except for alia, who's on the chopping block, and for some reason, McKenna, the super pretty fashion blogger from Canada. when there's two roses left, Peter is overwhelmed with emotion and has to walk off dr. Chris Harrison, and he pulls a twist on us, takes one of the Roses away. the drama's quite drawn out, but I was never worried because my girl, McKenna gets that rose. maybe I'm biased, but I love Canadian girls. and Peter has decided to trust the other girls and send alia home. I am a terrible judge of character. I have absolutely no idea if she's real or fake. as someone who personally turns it on when there's cameras around, I totally understand how she is. at the end of the episode, Peters really uncertain if he's done the right thing. and in fact, on the next time on, it looks like Ali is coming back to drop some new truth bombs. did Peter make a mistake? and will he take alia back into the show? find out next time on The Bachelor. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out. [Music]. 