[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2014 animated comedy film, Paddington. so let's get started. in Peru, British geographer Montgomery Clyde finds an unknown species of bear. he is about to kill it when another bear takes away his gun. he learns that the Bears are intelligent, can learn English and love marmalade. he names them Lucy and Pat Zoo. so when he leaves, he gives his hat to Pat Suso and tells them that they are always welcome in London. several years later, the two bears are living with their nephew when an earthquake strikes their home. after being trapped by a falling tree, uncle Pat suso dies from his injuries, lucy encourages her nephew to go to london. in london's Paddington Station, the young bear meets the brown family, who take him home with them and named him after the station. Henry Brown is adamant that Paddington stay only one night. but his wife Mary and their two children and miss Byrd, find him endearing. Paddington things that he can find a home with. the Explorer, but does not know his name. Mary takes Paddington to Mr Gruber, who discovers that his hat has a stamp for the geographers guild. but the guild says it never sent a member to Peru. with the help of Henry, Paddington breaks into the geographers guild and discovers that the Explorer was Montgomery Clyde. meanwhile, taxidermist melissa clyde becomes aware of Paddington and sets out to hunt him. the Brown family departs for the day, scheming with their neighbor, Mr curry. melissa attempts to capture Paddington, ending with a fire in the kitchen. disbelieve in Paddington about the invasion, henry demands that Paddington be kicked out. Paddington leaves and tracks down Montgomery Clyde's house, only to learn that he died years ago and that melissa is his daughter. she resents her father for losing his job and is determined to capture a Peruvian bear. she tranquilizes Paddington and prepares to stuff him, but Mr curry informs the brows and they rescue him. Paddington subdues Melissa by throwing a marmalade sandwich at her, attracting a huge flock of pigeons as bird pushed off a roof. the Browns allow Paddington to move in with them, and Melissa is sentenced to community service at a petting zoo her father opened. as the film concludes, Paddington writes to Aunt Lucy, saying that he has found a home. so that was the spoiler for Paddington. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, and make sure to check out our Instagram giveaways, and also to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 