there have always been couples that have difficulty having children, or maybe they waited too long, or even just can't have any. some of them adopt, some of them get pets. some of them just live alone. yet i bet none of the ones you know have had a baby tree stump come to life. well, get ready for greedy guts, also known as little otic i can't wait to tell you about this one. while i may give you my opinion on the film here, that's no substitute for experiencing it yourself. links to the movie are in the description as well. i will also say that this film has some pretty big, mature themes that some might find disturbing, so i just approach with caution. what this goes on for another whole minute, by the way. next we have carol, who is in an ob gyn office. when he looks down at the street, i think they're packaging babies for sale like a deli. okay, we'll just assume this is a common occurrence here. as carolyn bezina head back home, their neighbor's girl runs out into the street, which prompts carol to slam on the brakes as they exit the car. business gives the girl a loving greeting, then cries as she leaves. why? what is this? of course, this girl talks to her family about bozena not having a baby. this whole world seems to be obsessed with having babies. but when she goes downstairs afterwards, an old man ogles her and a hand comes out of his pants. i kid you not, that's exactly how it plays out. naturally, the neighbors defend the old man, but we know what we saw. just to add to the idea that this world is obsessed with babies, couldn't make this up if i tried. how he even cut the watermelon without cutting the baby is beyond me. is it imagery? is it a weird alternate universe where babies are popping out of the ground? [Music], oh yeah. this movie just keeps adding it on, but i can't stop watching. it also has a weird focus on the food. at least they didn't zoom in on someone chewing this time. the next day, carol and his neighbor work on clearing out the yard, while bazina depressingly packs away the baby clothes she had hoped to have a need for. meanwhile, outside, carol rips up this mandrake looking tree stump and has an epiphany. nothing is surprising me anymore. and we're only 12 minutes into the story. carol takes a stump into his workhouse shed, and it's assumed that he stays out there and works on his project for some time. when he appears to besina later, he comes with a gift. you said it, kitty. if that doesn't disturb you, nothing will. of course, bozena envisions a baby, and she immediately takes to caring for the baby like a crazed mother. she lays it on a blanket, drags the case with baby clothes out and dresses it up in a diaper bonnet and some clothes. how she got the clothes on without snapping a twig, i'll never know that skill. carol begins to realize that, while he had good intentions, he might have gone about helping her cope the completely wrong way. later that night, they get ready to leave the property, and when she walks out with a baby, carol loses his mind. he tries to convince her that it's just a piece of wood, but once he realizes that she isn't going to understand, he strikes a deal to leave the baby at the house while they're gone. if you're not getting the point across after doing this, nothing is gonna work. of course, the next time they see their neighbors, bozina has told them that they're having a baby. how is he handling all of this? of course, he goes to his liquor cabinet right after. but that still can't be enough. buzzina shows carol her plan for faking the pregnancy. she has a pillow for every month of pregnancy. not a bad plan, honestly, but still messed up. again. why? the fascination of close-ups, of eating, the imagery and sounds is enough to make this a horror movie for sure. as the neighbor's daughter sneaks around, she notices bazina reading a story to the tree stump baby. of course, this puts posina's plan of faking pregnancy at risk. so at least now we understand the daughter's purpose. again, we run into the creepy old man, who causes the neighbor's daughter to run downstairs and bump into bazzina's fake belly. she's definitely more suspicious. now i feel like he's just part of the story to push other people into the next thing. cause and effect. next thing you know, bazina is going into labor. as much as this is a fake pregnancy, she sure is hitting those screams just right. as he drives her to the hospital, she's still acting as though she's in labor, which would drive me crazy. once they make it to their cabin, she frantically makes her way to the tree stump baby. as she holds the stump, carol tries to remind her to hide, considering she's supposed to be in the hospital. once carol makes it back to their apartment, the neighbors pull him in to talk about the labor and to celebrate. this little girl is the nancy drew of europe, if ever there was one. between her walking him through his hospital phone call and checking the phone after she's on top of it, the girl comes out to the room with everyone else and asks carol what he'll name the baby. as he takes a second, he decides to name it otic hey. a reference to the title. finally. now, if you thought anything was weird up until now, then just get ready for things to get even more crazy. i warned you, things take a turn from here on naturally, carol comes at them with an axe. and i can't blame him. look at it. every time they show it, it gets a little more unsettling. make it stop. after they try to raise otic like a normal baby, he starts to show that he's constantly hungry. soon carol mentions that this cannot end well. and otic's hunger makes him a little unpredictable. i think it's time to plant that thing out in the yard where he dug it up to begin with. the animation makes it even worse. what is it? the next day, bazina goes to the store and leaves odik in his carriage outside. outside. who leaves a baby outside? and who else would pop up at this opportune time than the neighbor's daughter. she makes her way over to otic's carriage and removes his sock. that has to be the calmest reaction i ever could have imagined for finding a live tree baby. when the daughter makes her way home, she opens up her fairy tale book and finds a story called otessenek. it's a story of a man and woman who wanted a baby. the man dug up a stump that looked like a baby, and he trimmed it to look more like one still. oh, you get the story. we've literally been watching it this whole time. the point is that eventually otessanet grew so much that he continued to eat everything and everyone. of course, neither the story or the real thing explain how it comes to life in the first place. i feel like that should be in the fairy tale as a warning how not to let this happen. okay, first of all, why are we so close to the pot of soup again? second again, that's the calmest reaction to something that should not be considered normal. thirdly, what this whole movie is like a bad trip. when bozena goes to check on little otic, he's not so little anymore. like, no one saw this coming. you mean to tell me that you knew what you had this whole time? okay? you've got what's coming to you when you know you have a little monster, you don't just push that information aside on a side note. where can i get one of these? and what? the more otec grows, the more the couple have to buy to keep him fed. but one day they notice that the door has been left open. when they go in to investigate, they notice otic has eaten a human body. poor mailman. the next day, a new mailman is sent in the old one stead. and this just furthers the neighbor's daughter's suspicions. at this point, she knows what the couple is housing. later, bozena leaves otic and his carriage outside. again, how hard is it just to bring the carriage with you? well, one of the neighbors snoops in the carriage to find out that posina only left a plastic baby doll in it. the way these neighbors keep acting, i'd probably just let odyc eat them at this point. i don't know. stop zooming in on people eating. the neighbor that discovered the plastic doll goes to the police and asks them to investigate the couple. she believes that they're hiding a crime concerning their baby, in that this fake is their way of maintaining cover. soon after, someone calls buzziness obgyn, who explains to the caller that there's absolutely no way she could have had a baby because both her and carol were sterile. i'm just going to assume that patient doctor confidentiality doesn't exist here, because he didn't even ask who it was. he just built the private beans at the drop of a hat. sure enough, a social worker shows up at bessina's door asking to see odig. well, if you weren't a suspect of a crime before, you sure are now. she didn't give a single damn about that poor woman's foot. i'm not sure what's funnier, but xena slamming the social worker's foot in the door, or brazina thinking she's a match for the european terminator of a social worker. as the social worker barges in, she notices the state of the apartment and the plethora of food bazina has prepared for odyc. then she hears otic in the room next to them. again, credit for trying, but really, you really think you had a chance? the social worker barges into object's room to find twigs and branches all over the bed. before i think things have gotten a little bit out of hand. carol makes his way home with sacks of meat for odig. i personally don't think odig is hungry at the moment. carol prepares to take care of odyc, while bozena pleads with him one last time. but carol has had enough of the death in pretending, he goes into otic's room and ties some rope around otic's legs. as odig wakes up and struggles, carol tussles with him and restrains his mouth as best he can. you know, duct tape, which is the solution to everything. if this poor girl grows up to lead a normal life, i'd be surprised. so apparently, carol's big plan is to starve odik to death, which feels infinitely more cruel than chopping him up into firewood, and surely not a foolproof plan for a creature that eats everything. he'll get out soon. why? why? why? we don't care what you're eating. we want to know who otic eats next. and here, nancy drew goes down into the apartment basement to find odig. oh, sorry, not just to find him, set him free. this whole community is hopeless. no survival instincts whatsoever. the girl proceeds to antiotic, who then pulls her in closer before she says that she wants to help odyck. she goes back up to her apartment, where she gathers food and toys before she travels back down to the basement. in her fairy tale story, an old woman and her hoe are what does the otezunek in. so the daughter grabs the hoe from the old woman in the complex and goes back to odig. soon after, people come to carolyn bozzina's apartment to question them about things. buzzino welcomes the police into their apartment as they question them about the disappearance of the social worker. just as they're ready to leave, the police officer notices a fake baby doll in the crib. he decides to ask about the mailman as well. as they leave, you can tell that they don't buy their story. as the daughter arrives at the apartment complex, she notices that the old lady has bought another hoe. when she goes to take it again, the old lady is ready for her. it's now that we find out that the girl stole the first one so the old lady couldn't kill otic. she makes her promise not to hit odyc before giving her hoe back. when the girl is denied extra food to take down to otic, she draws straws to decide who she is gonna feed to otic. sure enough, it's the creepy man who just happens to come around the corner. can't say that one was too sad, but we know how this kind of story goes. i'm becoming so numb to this movie's antics that it's scaring me. after carol has a personal reflective moment of all the damage odig has caused, he goes to his neighbor to ask for his chainsaw. he marches down to the basement just as the neighbor's daughter has decided to sacrifice him. next. as he approaches odyc with a chainsaw, he sees what odik has become. i can't even say that's cute, but somehow it makes carol weak and call him son. somehow posina senses this and heads down to the basement as well. a quick scream follows, and the daughter brings her father's chainsaw back up to her father. suddenly, the old lady believes the girl speaking about a tessa egg. she reads the fairy tale about it. but in the meantime, otic is getting hungrier. well, time to cut your losses. otic starts eating all the cabbages in the garden outside. and this prompts the old lady to take care of odig. she grabs her hoe and makes her way to the basement. and it's done. literally. the movie just stops with her walking down the stairs and the little girl crying. considering the rest of the film, i think i'd rather have seen this old woman dispose of otic on screen. but the film kept me entertained and genuinely confused for a good bit of it. so i guess we can call this a win either way. i hope you enjoyed the video, and, by all means, watch the film for yourself. if you did like it, leave a like on the video and suggest what i should watch next. subscribe if you want to see more videos like this one, and i'll see you in the next video. 