hello. what's going on, guys? welcome back for another show. today i'm going to show you a horror film. the 28 weeks later, in a world that played with rage virus, dodge, his wife and four more survivors are hiding in a barricaded cottage on the outskirts of london, until someday they're visited by an unexpected, terrified boy who keeps pounding at their door for help. the boy is then allowed to get inside, but a few minutes later, they discover that the infected vampires have followed the boy to hear and launch attack at the cottage. a girl inside the house is bitten up and gets infected. dodge has to kill the girl for their safety. the infected are alert to the violence taking place inside, though, and break into the cottage. they chase and kill most of the people inside. the survivors then have to run away for life. while dodge, his wife and the boy are chased upstairs. dodge pleads with alice to leave the boy, but she refuses. as vampires approach near dodge chooses to abandon them and escapes out of the window alone. while his wife is screaming behind by the window. dodge keeps running all the way to a river bank, where he manages to get rid of the incoming infected and get away with a motorboat, only seeing that his wife is dragged out of sight by the window. several days after the outbreak of rage virus, london becomes isolated as the infected area. another few weeks later, the virus spreads the whole area, and the infected begin to die of starvation. nato forces take control of britain, but the rebuild of ruined london has never come to a start. in the 28th week, soldiers are everywhere on guard of the city, while some of its citizens, who were out of the country during the outbreak are all returning home. dodge's daughter and son are among the arrivals. after the security and health check, they are accommodated in a safe district, where the daughter and son reunite with their father, who has been found by the us. army and becomes the district's caretaker. right now, dodge brings them to their new flat and lies about their mother's death. a researcher in the army raises her concern on allowing the youngsters back to britain too early, before people takes full control of the virus. but the supervisor ignores her proposal for his seemingly overconfidence in mankind versus virus. that night, while the soldiers are patrolling the community for safe the sun dreams about his mother's getting infection. so the next day, the daughter sneaks out of the safe zone with the boy and plans to return to their former home for some family memories. they are spotted out by the soldier jack, who reports to the headquarter immediately. the two manages to reach their old home. to their shock, the son finds his mother is still alive, seemingly uninfected, in a semi-conscious state. then the three are soon surrounded by the arriving soldiers. the mother is taken to a quarantine room for virus test. the other two are taken under control in isolation cells. the showing up of the dead mother places dodge in a regretful situation. despite it being challenged by his daughter and son, he continues the lie he's made. under the blood test taken on the mother, doctor finds that she's actually a super carrier of the rage virus without any symptoms. under such shocking findings, the doctor plans to develop the vaccine by use of the mother's blood. nevertheless, considering the possible infection of virus borne by the mother, the general persists to kill her for safe while on the other side, dodge sneaks into the wife's quarantine room with his pass card, apologizes to her and begs for her forgiveness. the mother's ready to let go. everything happened in the past. however, their romantic kiss turns to be a horrible infection on a husband who savagely kills his wife and goes on a rampage. the general notices the incident and orders the building to be quarantined with red code alert in the whole district. waiting in the isolation cells, the daughter and son panic for what they've seen. they're almost got killed by the infected soldiers. luckily, the doctor shows up and rescue them safe. but during the evacuation, the two are separated apart by the crowd. the army cuts off the power, and the soldiers are watching on the top for any runaways, while civilians are waiting in panic under the basement for the next move. but what waits for them is the infected dodge coming chase the crowd. the sun takes the chance to climb up to the ventilation duct. with the domino effect of rapid infection left under, the panicked crowd break out the security door and rush into the open street. from the building, snipers on the top try to shoot down the runaway infected, but it's too difficult to spot them out from the running innocence. therefore the general order the soldiers on the ground to shoot indiscriminately. despite this, the army is going to lose their control. the sun crawls out from the vent and gets to a supermarket where he meets his sister and other civilians hiding there. they has to face a brutal truth, that, under the red coat alert, the whole area might be cleared up by the army. the soldier jack feels unable to comply with the indiscriminate shooting order. he leaves the top and gets to the market where he meets the innocent civilians and want to lead them out. the whole district would be soon firebombed due to its losing control. so jack plans to meet his friend at a safe meeting point for transfer of these innocents with a helicopter during the move, they are stopped and attacked by other snipers. under the cover from the boy, jack keeps them out of danger successfully. finally, their drops down the fire bomb, which burns out the whole district and the rampaged vampires, but with some remaining alive and escaping out of that area. the next day, people are waiting exhaustedly at the meeting point for the helicopter rescue. jack is told that the two children might hold the key to a cure of the virus because of their same genetic makeup as their mother. on the way to the meeting point, the helicopter is tightly followed by the walking dead. jack gets to order everybody to find cover under the bushes. after arrival, the friend want to pick up jack only and refuses the other as they would be shot down by the army for carrying civilians who might be infected. without any choice, jack only asked to fly them to the other side, across the english channel. but right at that time, a young guy rushes out, trying to reach the helicopter, with the infected swarming close the helicopter man adjusts its angle and slaughters the walking dead with its spinning propellers during the chaos, jack fights his way out with the remaining civilians and heads to another meeting point with a helicopter in a stadium where the nerve gas is being released to kill the infected. seeing that with nowhere to hide, they get to jump inside an abandoned car with car door and window slammed up firmly, while the coming vampires rampage for them around outside the car. but sooner, the vampires died down slowly due to the poisonous gas bomb with temporary safety, jack tries to start the car, but failed due to the battery run out. he decides to exit the car and pushes starting it. however, jack gets himself burned alive by the flamethrowers coming up. still in the panic, the remaining has to run away under the fierce bullet reign all the way into an abandoned subway station, where they are total blackout, and get to search in the deep dark. it turns out a girl suffers from sudden attack by the dead dodge and loses her life. and the dead father goes on attack at the innocent sun and bites his son, injured, before he's finally shot dead by his daughter, being afraid of getting infection, the boy want to keep away from his sister. he runs into the tunnel and passes out. later. instead of abandoning her brother out of fear, the sister follows his way and finds that the boy wouldn't change into the infected but rather, he's another symptom free, super virus carrier, just like his mother. at last, they both make it to the meeting point in the stadium for the helicopter. without knowing the boy has been infected. the helicopter man takes them both out of the infected area across the english channel to france. in the end of the story, which happens 28 days later, there comes in a radio requesting for help, but it's answered by nobody. in the dead, silent, abandoned helicopter where photos of the dodge family scatter around. the rage virus has touched the france continent for the first time and plagued all of our human species there rapidly. this is daniel cc movie review. please comment below, thumbs up and subscribe to my channel. see you all next time. bye. bye. 