listen, there's a new blumhouse movie about a couple and their daughter who get an airbnb overseas in order to get away, only to end up trapped inside this shifting house. i know amanda doesn't play the daughter, her dad, husband. it's pretty much three stories in one, that of a haunted house, story, a broken marriage and a guilty psyche bundled into one. and in my opinion, it's an okay rented depending on how many of the three work for you. let me explain. now, in terms of a scary movie, i think that's the weakest aspect of it, because the jump scares are stupid. just a deer or something. nah, it was them, loud ass violence. we follow theo a banker who has some history that's followed him since before his daughter was even born. his first wife drowned in a bathtub, and pretty much everyone thinks he's guilty to some degree, since he was there when it happened. and even though he was found not guilty, that notion hasn't gone away. i killed her sis. and so the family decides to get away and stay at a rental house over in wales, which you can actually book online in real life. just know that the movie added a second story and halls and tubs and demons in the movie. their cell phone service doesn't work when they get there. there are light switches meant for rooms that are no longer there. theo goes down one hall after another after another, only to encounter a new nightmare in every corner. and he doesn't even realize that every time he's gone for five minutes, he's really gone for five hours. meanwhile, his family's just chilling, ready to binge watch shows. can't we watch some recap first? listen. the local grocer brings up how the devil created the house, something that's expanded upon the novel that it's based on, with the idea being that new souls are called to it and entrapped with a new building built over or expanding every time. the grocery even gives him a 90 degree ruler, which he uses later when the house and its dimensions start caving in on itself, shifting like the shadows that keep following him. what was there before, another house. makes sense. house. fun else? what else? a house and a house. hell, there's even a picture of the house in the house, but theo's defined to take it all in. okay, no, no, this can't be happening, you know, until he has no choice, i'll explain it to you in the morning. he keeps seeing different premonitions, shadows and writings left in his book that he doesn't know where they come from. but it isn't until ella goes missing that he decides to run away, until it's too cold and decides to go back. and i can't really argue, because previously, whenever i said i would encounter a haunted location, my response would be to go get an airbnb. but this is the airbnb that said, i damn sure wouldn't go back in there and say night night. while he continues to get haunted, taunted and left with his foot loose, he encounters the being of his nightmares, known as stetler, who you can kind of see as the devil imitating theo and letting him know that the house lured him in and that the sins of his past must be paid for or they're going to be passed down to his family. the looping of the house and him within different dimensions of it kind of reminded me a lot of this movie right here, that i won't fully spoil, but you'll kind of get the gist of it as he realizes that he's the cause of a lot of the anguish while being in there. and so in order to save his family, he gives up himself. is he good? is he bad? that's one of those things that you're going to have to kind of decide after you've seen the film. oh, man. fun. [ __ ]. now the marriage story aspect, i think, is a lot more interesting. they think you're dangerous. you're not supposed to like while theo's a banker in the movie, he was actually a screenwriter in the novel, with his wife, susannah, being an actress, which she remains in the movie. seyfried's real life assistant even played her pa in the movie, and probably heard a lot of these quotes on other sets as well. josh is such a perv. he gave me this whole thing about how the female orgasm has never represented an american film. i just think he wanted to see me naked. on one of the days, theo visits susannah at work while she's filming a sex scene that made her uncomfortable, so she continues performing with him. so his ego stays in tech. and he's not. he's just a really good actress. that's all i'm saying. and you're a passive-aggressive dick, is all i'm saying. this idea that this, you know, this older man and this woman who's much too young for him. we wanted to present that from the very beginning as the problem with this relationship, you know, she's on her phone all the time. he doesn't do social media. he doesn't get that. and he's 27 years older than she is. she will die first, right? no, i'm not going to help it. while their getaway is meant to escape all the stuff that they have back home, they still traveled with their own baggage. theo finds out that she's cheating on him while he catches her with a second phone. and his old as is like, you can have a second phone. her phone is off or she's out of range. why don't you call her other phone? and so he kicks her out, not realizing that he himself is stuck there. you chose this place, not me. no, i didn't. you sent me the link. i absolutely did not. you said it to me. this man was so concerned with his wife being on her phone that none of them thought about double checking this red flag. avery essex plays the daughter in the film, and i think she gives a really good performance and has one of the most pivotal scenes when it comes to the themes of the movie, as susanna reveals to her what her dad's been suppressing all this time. some people think that if you're accused, you must be guilty of something. [Music], how long am i supposed to stay in purgatory? i just need a knight to myself. now i know co previously did secret window, and as a writer, probably didn't want to go down the same path of keeping theo as one. but the original concept is cool, because he ends up writing daily occurrences into his novel while a new nightmare. and then to take all that and and use the house almost as a a reflection of a person's um soul. we find out that, while he didn't actively kill his wife, he didn't do anything to stop her or even fix the relationship before it got as bad as it did. so from the director's catholic perspective, it really is about the sins of the father being paid well, as bacon puts it, he isn't asking forgiveness from god but his little girl, if he even deserves it. that's the problem with mirrors, they always show you yourself. can't even trust yourself. so really, from the context of it being in his psyche, in his mind, it's less a haunted house story, and more so his guilt that keeps him up his night, that it was really himself trying to reach himself. it's his guilt that keeps him trapped. and if you don't reconcile your past sins, it'll entrap those you love as well. and so he sacrifices himself so that they can be free. it's a hell house, but not one that's just physical. it's a state of mind you can't escape that showcases how your past affects your presence, and if you don't fix it, won't haunt your future. thank you guys for checking out this video. i'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. i would not say it's worth the 20 because i'm sure, like a lot of recent vods, will eventually be streaming on a platform in a couple of months. uh? but the book is less than 20 so if you want to read it, i think it fleshes out the characters. way more curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section, dealing with this movie, or any other horrors. uh, there's a bunch on shutter that i've been watching, so there's definitely a lot more elements on those. but i'm curious to see if any others stood out to you. let me know your thoughts. until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and i'll book you the house for a weekend. 