oh, this is for kevin um. when are we gonna get our falcon bucky road trip movie? wow, yeah, that's a good idea. okay, so falcon in the winter soldier, episode 5 is probably the best entry in the series so far. and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down the story, easter eggs, things you missed and giving our theories on where the show could be going for the finale next week. we're also going to be discussing whether the big, super duper hyped up cameo was worth the speculation or not, our review of the show so far, and behind the scenes stuff over where things could be going in the future. now, episode 4 was called, the whole world is watching. and huge shout outs to emma louise on twitter for pointing out that this is something that was chanted during the trial of the chicago 7. we followed sam, bucky and zemo as they tried to track down the flag smashers. and along the way, they met up with the new captain america and his best buddy, battlestar bucky was given a deadline to hand zemo over to the dora melange so they could nail him. but after he palmed the deal off. they disarmed him. hey. now zemo was able to escape. and the episode culminated with someone who'd looked up to captain america his entire life looking up to him in his death. now this moment was very much a parallel to the ending of civil war in that cap smashed the shield down on tony. but rather than killing him, he decided to walk away. just deposing this. jon let his anger get the best of him, and this led to the shield being covered in blood. the legacy of captain america was now tarnished. and episode 5 heavily tackles the fallout and aftermath of this action. we're gonna be breaking it all down, but if you enjoy the video, then please smash the thumbs up button, like john walker. smash that flag smasher, and make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this each and every day. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into the video. okay, so episode 5 is called the truth. and it certainly brings a lot of light to not only the super soldier serum, but america's actions as a whole. jon sees the truth of what he must become and sam leans of what really happened to isaiah bradley, making him wrestle over whether to become kappa. not racking in at 61 minutes, it's a longest disney plus show episode that we've ever had. in the beginning, walker flees the scene of the crime, and he gets flashes of hoskins, which i think calms him down. lamar was the one that was always keeping him down to earth, and even in death, the memory of him does too. his family later send walker off in a certain direction, and it's clear that he very much holds on to him as a guiding force. as we learned from erskine, the super soldier serum simply amplifies what's within. so good becomes great, and bad becomes worse. the aforementioned civil war parallels continue where we join sam and bucky who show up at the location. this heavily mirrors the scene in that movie when buggy sam and steve met in a garage, hoping to snap the other out of the hypnotic rage that he'd had induced. both scenes are somewhat dealing with a public outburst by a super soldier. and on top of this, i think the stance 2 mirrors the final battle of that movie. this is, namely the way things are shot and how it's pretty much a two-on-one situation involving bucky and captain america, as well as a normal person who uses machines to give them enhanced abilities. the fight scene is awesome, and the fact that john is able to hold his own against both of them is a testament to how dangerous that he is. even before the super soldier serum, this guy had been awarded the medal of honor three times, and with the enhancements on top, he's pretty much unstoppable. george lucas pops up to say, it's like poetry, they rhyme, because we end the fight with walker on top of sam, again, calling back to the final fight in civil war in which cap bested tony walker says, i am captain america, a line he repeats throughout the episode. and he goes to do the shield slam once more. this shows he doesn't really regret doing what he did to the flag smasher, and will continue to get worse and worse if they don't stop him. the pair managed to beat him by breaking his arm, and sam takes the shield, using it for the first time to bring a bad guy down. bucky drops it for sam and then walks off, further calling back to how steven he did it with tony. even the music cues are the same. and it brings everything full circle from what is probably in my top three favorite marvel movies. sam clearly realizes the responsibilities that he now has and knows that if he doesn't bear the shield, then someone else likely will, and they could be much worse. taurus returns, and this character has been pretty absent in the series so far, but in the comics, he actually becomes the falcon when sam becomes captain america, thus him taking a shine to the wings, and sam saying, keep him does foreshadow his eventual arc. back in washington, walker is stripped of his title and authority as captain america. due to his service to his country. he's not recommended for court martial, but his life in the army is clearly over. this is a man that gave everything he could, and the second he made a mistake, he was thrown out faster than james charles. at a high school disco, he and his wife have a conversation that very much mirrors the first one we saw in episode two. but instead of being there for him as he starts his career, she's now there after it's over. not long after, they're approached by valentina allegra defontaine, who you may know by her villain named monika, madame hydra. in the comics, she's a pretty big antagonist that started her career working with shield before moving on to bigger and badder things. i'm guessing that in the mcu, it will be revealed that she was part of shield, and then when hydra rose up, they sunk their claws into her. though this wasn't one of the big names that a lot of people were theorizing, i think that comic fans will go crazy over it, as she's such a cool character in the source material, this definitely shines across with her personality. and though i know a lot of you wanted people like wolverine, i thought it was going to be goalie horn. so it looks like we're out here taking more l's than shane dawson. she definitely has a big personality. and the actress, julia louise dreyfuss, is someone that you may recognize from seinfeld, arrested development and kirby enthusiasm. according to the black widow wiki, she's in that film too. so expect to see her again at some point in the mcu. another interesting thing is that a business card has nothing on it, further hinting to how hidden away hydra is at this point. the last time we saw them was in ant-man, when they stole crosses pin particles. so they are definitely out there and ready to make a comeback. now, the comic version of john walker has some similarities to what we've seen in the show so far, but also some big deviations that i'm going to be discussing. jonathan walker, to give him his full name, was born in custer's grove, georgia, where he grew up idolizing his older brother mike because of his service in the army. at this young age, john only saw the good in war, and because of heroes like captain america, he didn't really consider the downsides. however, it was surreal that mike suffered from ptsd, and one night he burned the house down by accident, which racked him with guilt. mike took his own life not long after, but john's parents lied to him and told him that he died in combat. jon wanted to live up to his brother's memory, and from here, he enlisted. sadly, because of his brother being put on a pedestal, in his own mind, john didn't believe that he lived up to his memory. and thus he ended up undergoing the power broker process, which gave him super strength. walker became super patriot, which is something that's been skipped over in the show. and under this moniker, he publicly discredited captain america. he staged attacks and was genuinely a bad dude that wanted to terrorize the public into believing that cap wasn't doing a good job. however, things changed, and after cat put down the shield, walker picked it up and became a more violent and vengeful captain america. alongside battle star, he brutally beat people up and badly burned the character's left winger and right winger, showing that he was far more aggressive than steve ever was. now an important thing in this arc is that it was actually the death of his parents that sent him off the deep end, and not battle star. eventually, steve ended up coming back as a character called captain. he took back the shield, and walker's death was faked. he re-emerged as us agent in a black and red variation on the costume, and has pretty much become an anti-hero in the comics now, whether intentional or not. huge shout outs to beyond epic, who pointed out that walker's uniform was missing the white that we typically saw with steve's. this is normally a color of innocence, hinting to us this entire time that he's not a good guy. now the episode ends with him creating his own shield, likely symbolizing that he's gonna become us agent. i'm guessing at some point down the line he will work with madame hydra. and potentially they could even fake his death in the show, but that remains to be seen. it's very interesting and does line up with certain things. but obviously, let me know your thoughts. below the flag smashes return to the refugee camp they were hiding out at and find that the place has been cleared out by the grc. a flyer states that they had accused them of harboring terrorists, which carly takes personally, even though it is kind of the truth. at this point, much like walker, she sees herself as being beyond and above the law. and rather than seeing how her actions simply lead to more loss, she decides to enact her plan as predicted. zemo escaped and fled to the sokovian memorial, a location he mentioned at the end of episode 3. i love how chilling this scene is between him and bucky, and it's clear that zemo tries to impart his beliefs into him. his mission the entire time has been to wipe out the super soldiers from the face of the earth. and though many suspect that he may be involved with the power broker, i think because of this, he's definitely not. zemo believes that, because of bucky's past, that he will always resort to killing, and makes him think that it's the right path to take in order to handle kali. however, bucky shows he won't even kill zemo, and instead hands him over to the dora melange, highlighting that he is truly no longer the killer that he was made to be. zemo is taken to the raft, which we know from civil war, is overseen by general ross. in the comics, ross actually recruits zemo to join his group of anti-heroes, the thunderbolts. and thus them selecting this location sets the team up. sam returns to isaiah bradley, and we see his grandson, eli again, who becomes a young adventurer in the comic books, known as patriot. bradley may have passed his abilities onto him genetically, and thus it could set up his appearance in the young avengers. isaiah and sam talk about the history of the shield with one another. and if you check out our video on episode 2, you'll know how we discuss that his creation was a metaphor for the tuskegee syphilis study. this took place between the 1930s up until the 1970s. and it centered around the us. government wanting to study the long-term effects of the disease. thus they pretended to treat black people, but they simply injected them with placebos and allowed them to slowly die, all whilst letting them believe that they were cured. isaiah actually mentions the 332 which could be a reference to the 332nd fighter group, which is a name that belonged to the tuskegee airmen, a group of black fighter pilots now i know that there's a number of people out there that will be annoyed at how quote, unquote woke this stuff is. but if you look back on the history of captain america, he's always been someone that's discussed controversial topics. hell even the famous cover of him punching hitler was released before america joined the war. and even back then, a lot of people were angered by it. captain america is not an apolitical character. and off the top of my head, i can't actually think of anyone in the comics that's more based in politics than he is. the legacy he left has clearly destroyed several lives, including isaiah, who was jailed and kept from speaking to his wife, who died. while steve was in prison. we discovered that he and his unit were injected with what he believed was a tetanus shot. and this lines up a lot with the comics. in those it was actually nagel that did this. and though we know from the timeline that this wasn't the case in the show, it does make sense to have these characters coming back to tell this story. isaiah saved his squadron, similar to what steve did in the first avenger. but whereas he came home as a hero, isaiah was experimented on for three decades. it's a heartbreaking and harrowing tale that discusses why we've only heard about isaiah now as he was declared dead. he discusses the eurasia of black history over the last 500 years, and states that no self-respecting black man would ever be captain america because of this. this is the talking point that is often been brought up with black soldiers, most famously muhammad ali, who refused to fight in vietnam because he didn't want to put his life on the line for a country that didn't view him as an equal citizen. sam would very much become a tool rather than simply being a person. and if they were willing to cast out walker after he served his use, you can bet that the same thing would happen with him. it's a tough conversation for sam to hear. and he returns home to his sister and nephews. the show really scales back and focuses on him fixing his family boat, which sort of acts for a metaphor for him fixing his mentality. bucky, aka mr stelio's sister arrives with a package from wakanda in a suitcase, which is a similar aesthetic to the one that tony had in iron man 2 and the one that the tesseract was carried in. the pair picks up the boat, and sam reluctantly lets bucky stay the night. just a word of warning though, yeah, be careful with your sister, mate. now, these quote-unquote fixing scenes tend to only happen in iron man movies, but whenever they're used, they're very much put in place to strengthen a character and symbolize them rebuilding. i very much get this idea from these moments, and it's all building towards some opening up that case. elsewhere, walker visits battle star's parents. and a huge shout out to wyatt russell for completely knocking out the park throughout this episode. whereas the government have shunned walker because he avenged his friend, it's clear that others, including hoskins family, appreciate that he was willing to step over the line to get what they see as justice. it further hammers home in his mind that he is the hero that the world deserves, and though he's not the one it needs, he's willing to still be there, setting him off on a path to become a different kind of hero. ego's son, hey, gets an ego, and he will be returning, which i am excited to see. now we jump to sharon carter on the phone, and shouts to all my people who watch these shows with closed captions on. as through this we discover it's batroc on the other end. she says that she can pay him double, this time, seemingly confirming that she was the one who gave him the money to kidnap the u.s soldier in episode one. it does seem to set up that she is the power broker. but i am still in two minds about this. as zemo did state he knew him before civil war, which, if we go back to was when sharon was agent 13. she also let nagel die and was willing to kill her own men, which doesn't make sense if she is indeed the villain. therefore, i believe that she's actually just working for the power broker and that she has her own plans. from the trailers, we know that sharon is involved in the attack on the grc next week, but how it pans out. is going to be interesting to see. sam starts to train with the shield, and he says, it feels weird, which is a callback to the end of end game. the pair discussed the symbolism of a black man being handed the shield. and you might even remember that it was controversial among some fans after the end of end game. as always, there was the get welcome broke commentary by people who completely overlooked that it happened in the comics. and i appreciate that they have this sort of meta commentary here. sam gives bucky some tough love. and though mr nakajima isn't mentioned, he's clearly hindered out because of the closure comment. bucky, of course, killed his son, and he doesn't know what happened. but he decides to get people to forgive him so he can forgive himself. sam realizes that he and his people have fought for so much, and like the boat, he refuses to let it go. and thus decides to become captain america. he picks the shield up, similar to what he did at the start of episode 1. but this time, instead of handing it over, he starts training, much like how he saw walker doing in his propaganda video. we're gonna need a montage. and sam slowly gets adept at using the shield elsewhere. batroc meets with the flag smashes, and he has a package for them. again, the power broker has been hunting for them this entire series. and thus i think that if it was sharon, that she would simply have him take them out, if she was behind it all. however, it does seem like she wants batroc to kill a falcon, showing that she can't be trusted. he supplies them with weapons, and carly calls together the people's army of the flag smashers to launch their attack in new york. they plan to destroy the grc during the patchak vote. and through torres, we discovered that, because they didn't use a vpn, that sam now knows they're in new york. anyone else think this would have been the perfect video to have a vpn sponsorship in? or or is it just me? well, it isn't just me, as now it's the perfect time to tell you, uh, this video is, i'm just kidding. now, some of it's the case likely seeing his white captain america uniform, which was used in the comics go to the post credits scene and we see walker building his own shield. in the episode five and six trailer, we actually got a look at this, and though we theorized it might be the original one from endgame, he's made it from the ground up. this welding and hammering scene is very similar to the one at the start of iron man. and hey, if tony can have a path of redemption through this, then there's no reason that walker can't either. i love this moment. and seeing him put his medal of honor into the shield itself shows that he's now ready to bring forth a new kind of hero. i think that next week he and sam will actually team up with one another, as sam, of course, dealt with vets before becoming steve's friend. and if anyone can help walker, then it's gonna be him. either way, it was a great episode, and i can't wait to see what happens next time. now, as for the episode itself, i have to say that this, in my opinion, is the best one. and according to the series writer, it's also the one he's most proud of. we may have peaked before the finale next week, but either way, i thought this was a really enjoyable entry. now, as for the season as a whole, i think this kind of highlights some of the issues that i have with it. on tuesday, i did a big live stream with josh from den of the nerds in which we discussed some of the cut plot lines from the show and our general thoughts on it. now, one of the big things that came up was that we find walker a far more interesting character than carly is. on paper. i can't see exactly why they chose her as a somewhat antagonist, anti-hero, as she's very much an opposite to the us. military. you have this young, meek and almost very shy girl, which is completely the other end of the spectrum to the might and entire murder that are hunting her down. it's very much the people versus the institution. and i can't see how, when they were scripting this, that they decided this is what the character should represent. however, i just don't find her that charismatic. and because of this, it's difficult for me to see why people might decide to follow her. she just doesn't feel like a leader to me. and this may be because we know that several plot lines were cut from the show because of the pandemic. apparently there was a big virus plot, which is why we had a bit about the flag smashes stealing vaccines. and also mamadonia dying from a disease. according to the leaks, this wasn't actually tb. and the character had a far more fleshed out role, which is meant to make us feel the impact of her death a lot more. i think on re-watches you can kind of tell. but i do want to say that i still think marvel have done a great job of crafting a coherent storyline, even with a big arc missing from it. although i constantly sound like i'm crapping on the show whenever i do these review bits, i do still really, really like it, and i feel like it's flying high as a flagship title on disney. plus, that lets us know these shows are gonna have a high level of quality and acting within them. i think that the more i've seen of wyatt russell, the more i realized how good his performance is. and though i can't really co-sign the character's actions, sometimes i think that's the sign of his acting, elevating the role to someone we've grown to love to hate. this was an episode that added even more to that. and i think it's at the point now where he's gonna be the most memorable thing about it when we look back on the show in several years. anthony mackie and sebastian stanler, of course, great too. i don't want to sound ungrateful, as this is a really, really good show that feels mature in its handling of certain topics and talking points. again, another great episode in the series, and i do like it. yeah, i i do. i promise. now, going forward, we have a lot to talk about in regards to the future of the marvel universe. firstly, there are some cool little things to talk about from an interview with wyatt russell with the bbc that does sort of tease what could be happening next time. have you ever actually met chris evans? because if you were ever side by side in the photo, that would break the internet right now, would it? for sure, i have ever met chris evans? i think i have. i think i, i don't think i've like, shook his hand, met him, but i think i've walked by him somewhere and like, made eye contact, because that and that doesn't count as bad. that counts as like being a stalker. that doesn't count as meeting anybody. but, um, i i guess, yeah, i guess it would. you just gotta wait till the end of the series, and then everybody will be like, oh, my god, love it, hate it. i don't know they'll react, that's for sure. now, because of this, the internet is suspecting that chris evans is going to feature at the end of the series, and that he might even end up coming face to face with walker. i'm not really sure on this is why it does say he's not really interacted with them that much, which i think he would have if they were on set together. a big question still remains over what exactly has happened to cap since the ending of end game. and many of us want to know whether he's going to feature in the series or not. i think it would be great if he was. but as always, don't get your hopes up. yeah, don't, or i'll kick off. now, the set of spider-man noah home has shown that the shield is gonna become a big prop in the mcu going forward. as there was a bus stop sign posted that had the statue of liberty holding it up. the advert says, meet nyc's newest and tallest avenger, with a hashtag, ny liberty avenger on the bottom of it. now, charles murphy has reported that the location will feature in the backdrop of a key scene. and i'm guessing that they'll cgi the shield onto the statue, and that it could be a big set piece, or even just something to show that new york has rallied together. maybe after the events of the series, we'll see how the shield truly becomes a symbol of good once more, and this brings the world back together. i'd love to see that. and after all our heroes have been through, they do deserve some time of people just saying, yeah, you are good people. we don't hate you. obviously. i'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode, our review and what you think will happen in the finale. as a thank you for interacting with the video. you'll be entered into a prize through on the 30th of april, in which we're giving away three copies of zack snyder's justice league in 4k. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video. make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now, so if that's you, then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown over whether we think john walker and io were right, which will be linked on screen right now. we've discussed some of the most controversial talking points from the last episode, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. without the way, thank you for sticking through the video. i've been poor. let's see you next time. take care. peace. 