today i am going to explain an american fantasy adventure comedy film called gulliver's travels. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. middle-aged man named lammel gulliver wakes up in his messy new york apartment and goes on with his morning routine. he talks to his superhero toys on a shelf and dances in the shower, showing us his goofy side. gulliver works in the main room of a new york newspaper company. that day he meets a new employee named dan and befriends him. gulliver is dance boss in the mailing department. as the two deliver their meal for the day, they come across gulliver's long time crush and journalist named darcy silverman. he has been in love with her for years, but has never confessed. later that day, dan brings out a notice that says he has been promoted to head of the melee department on his first day. gulliver has been working in the facility for 10 years, but no one there respects him. dan claims that gulliver is scared to talk and will never progress in life other than his mail room job. a distressed gulliver is walking out of the office and notices darcy working late. he gathers up courage and goes to her caving to ask her out. however, his nerves get the best of him, so instead, he picks up a random paper from her desk and heads out. darcy asks him if he wants to apply for a travel writing assignment. a nervous gulliver agrees that has to submit a travel blog the following day at whom he copies and pastes several articles from the internet for the blog. the following day at work, he submit it to darcy, who is impressed by his writing skills and provides him with a new task. she wants him to travel to the bermuda triangle and write an article about the legends of ships mysteriously disappearing there to impress her. gulliver egress. darcy arranged a contract and a boat for him. gulliver flies to bermuda the very next day, where he is picked up by a man. he takes gulliver to a rented boat and shows him how to use it. the journey is pretty simple, as the boat is automated. gulliver finally sells for the bermuda triangle. alone in the board for the first few hours, he enjoys himself by reading how to build a robot magazines and drinking several cans of coke. he soon falls asleep. sometime later, he wakes up to a massive wave in front of him. a sea storm hits, and he quickly puts a life jacket on. the boat shakes vigorously in the water. gulliver turns around to see an enormous sea tornado coming in his way. the liver, with his boat, is sucked on top of the tornado, then right into its eyes. the screen goes black. when gulliver opens his eyes, he cannot move his body. he looks down and is surprised when he sees some tiny men standing on top of his chest. their leader introduces himself as the commander edward. edwardian of the lilliput. the camera zooms out, showing his a crowd of tiny people standing around gulliver. he is pink to the ground with tiny ropes and wood. commander edward sells gulliver a beast. a confused gulliver yells in fear and breaks free from the ropes easily. thinking that this is a dream, he tries closing his eyes. edward orders his soldiers to bring the beast down. the soldiers attach their hooks to gulliver's pant and make him fall unconscious. when he wakes up, gulliver finds himself tied to a cart and being pulled into the kingdom of lilliput. the tiny civilians come out of their houses to get a look at the beast. he is pulled into the royal palace and presented to the king of lilliput, king theodore. the king's daughter, princess mary, petey's gulliver and asked edward if the restraints are necessary. edward claims that gulliver is a spy from their enemy, kingdom blephasia. gulliver finally speaks and asks the king where he is. king theodore's secretary didn't tell him that he is in lilliput, the greatest nation in the world, valley. first things this is a prank, and ask that non-existent cameraman to show himself. in the following scene, we see gulliver imprisoned inside a cave. he meets a fellow prisoner named horacio, who was sentenced to life by edward for trying to quote princess mary. the two are approached by edward again, who listens to them referring to him as lame ass. when an energy, edward threatens to imprison them for life. gulliver claims lame as means someone who is brave. happy with the answer, edward takes both the prisoners to a field to blow it. with the help of gulliver's strength, he restrains gulliver with a machine. just then, two rings of a bell are cleared from the palace, indicating the has attacked. they are trying to kidnap princess mary and has started a fire at the place. edward quickly runs to the palace and orders everyone not to save the princess, as he wants to be the one to save her. but horacio asked gallivar to do it because edward can't reach her on time. gulliver easily takes the blessing soldier down and saves the princess. but the king and his secretary are stuck in the fire. the liver, in a hurry, urinates on the building. everyone claps for him when he stops the fire and saves king theodore. the king removes him and horacio from imprisonment and thanks gulliver for his bravery. he also invites everyone for a feast at night to celebrate the occasion. edward is furious to see someone else being praised for their referee at the feast, the king asked gulliver where he is from, and he answers he is from manhattan. the people assume that gulivar was the president of manhattan and he is the bravest one there. the livers feels like a hero for the first time in his life, so he fabricates the story, claiming he was known as president the awesome. everyone believes him, except for edward. the following day, the people of lilliput build a massive home for gulliver with all the facilities he could get when he was in new york. the king sends a search party to look for his washed up boat at gulliver's request. gulliver also makes them build a theater to fit everyone in the kingdom. then he show them a drama of the sinking titanic, claiming it to be the story of his life. everyone is amazed by the tragic life that he has had. edward inquires how he was saved after drowning, and gulliver claims that he was resuscitated. later, horatio asked gulliver to help him impress princess mary, and gulliver egress. the two go to the palace and horacio approaches the princess. a hidden gulliver recites the lyrics of the song kiss, making hirachio repeat it. by the end of it, the princess starts to fall for russia. but she is called by edward, who has come to court her. the two have been designed to get married, as edward is the bravest of the kingdom. princess mary isn't fond of edward, but she cannot seem to get rid of him. somewhere else, the search party finds the washed up boat with cans of coke. gulliver comes to the scene and finds his phone is still working. he has 12 voice messages from darcy. turns out she is furious to have found out about gulliver's placarized article. she has to now sail on the same trail gulliver came through to do the bermuda triangle research herself. the liver now doesn't want to go back to new york and face heart so he decides to stay in lilliput permanently. edward is not happy about the decision and tells her the king he is suspicious of gulliver. the king dismisses him, claiming that he trusts gulliver because of his stay. the king gives gulliver the title of the new general and demotes edward to vice general. a jailer's edward turns lily, puts defense system off, making it easier for their enemies, blephasia, to attack. blephasian soldiers and their king see this and plan to attack lilliput. immediately, they approach the kingdom, throw waters and launch cannonballs towards lilliput. being the general, now it is gulliver's responsibility to stop them. he nervously stepped into the water and starts to splash it around. the canon balls do not work on gulliver, who is massive compared to them. eventually, he defeats the blephasians and becomes the savior of lilliput. the people from lilliput fulfill all the gulliver's wishes. they even build a model of times square so he would feel at home. they change their clothing to match that of gulliver's soldiers are appointed to cut his hair and give him massages. one night, edward barges into the princess's chamber. he claims that it is his right to come in any time because he quotes the princess. the princess finally reveals that she doesn't love him and doesn't want him to quote her anymore. and angered, edward lives for blephesia to ask for help from the king. edward's men have found the build your robot book gulliver had on the boat. the blephasian king agrees to help him build a robot using the book to battle gulliver. some days later, gulliver is at the model time square when the bells of the palace ring, suggesting an invasion. gulliver gets ready to battle tiny people, but is surprised when a huge robot being operated by edward stands in front of him. but it is way stronger than him. it picks gulliver up with his pants and makes him accept his defeat. gulliver also confesses that everything he said about him being the president is alive. the king and the princes are surprised to have been betrayed by him. edward sends gulliver to a forbidden place called the iceland, where we dare not go, as a punishment. when gulliver is left there, he is picked up by a giant little girl. turns out the iceland is the home of giants. the girl thinks gulliver is a toy and keeps him in her barbie house, dressing him in garlic clothes. meanwhile, back in lilliput, darcy's body washes up on the shore. gulliver had told everyone that darcy is his princess back home. so edward recognizes her and imprisons her. she meets king theodore and his queen is prison who have been captured after gulliver's defeat. horatio sees this and decides to travel to the iceland, where we dare not go, to get the liver back. he is minuscule on the iceland and manages to reach gulliver safety. the little girl's doll house also has a skeleton of a dead u.s air force pilot. gulliver uses the parachute to escape and fly back to ladyfood. he first goes to meet darcy in the prison and confess that he has a crush on her. she forgives him for plagiarizing the article and seems to be opening up to him. gulliver has decided to challenge edward for a duel. he doesn't want to prove his bravery anymore, but genuinely wants to help lilliput. the following day, the two stand before each other ready to battle. gulliver wants edward to give the kingdom back to king theodore if he wins, but if he losses, edward will destroy the kingdom. altogether. the two fight, and edward overpowers him within seconds. russia runs to help him and manages to get inside the robot. he defeats edward from inside, eventually depowering the robot. after that, gulliver easily manages to defeat it, and the crowd erupts in cheers. even darcy celebrates the will. because of horacio's bravery, he is provided permission to quote princess mary. the two finally kiss, but just then edward, who has reached the point of insanity, takes the princess hotage. but the princess, finally, having enough of edward beats the traitor of a frustration that she then kisses gulliver for the first time. the blessing king and theodore are about to initiate the work again, but gulliver stops them. he successfully helps to make peace between the rival iceland nation by reciting edwin stars war. and finally, he, along with darcy, return to new york city on their repaired ship. cut to a few weeks later. gulliver has left the mail room job and is a travel writer. now he and darcy are in a happy relationship. gulliver has just completed a travel assignment, and the move ends as the two walk out of darcy's office while holding hands. subscribe for more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like to help the channel out. thank you for watching. 