so following on from episode three, we found out that kate was working for lamar, which is going to be a huge problem for meech. and it took a lot of the audience as a surprise. and i'm sure lamar and cato's connection goes even deeper to what we've seen. how they're connected, i'm sure we're gonna find out soon. so going into episode four, there's more problems for meech, not just with kato, but they've only got around two or three days worth of product left. so he's going to go to pi and ask for three keys worth. and he wants to buy them all up front. but we all know from last week that pai is someone who wants to keep terry and meech under his thumb and keep them out of prison. because if they get paid, he gets paid. but you shouldn't get high off your own product either. we're going to talk about this little situation in a bit more detail later on in this video. now, detective brian tells meech that his boss is going after everybody in the down river area, thus dealing drugs, and that includes meech and terry. so more problems for them, as we see them getting arrested. but we're going to talk all things episode 4 and break down the trailer, as usual. but of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscribe button to see everything bmf and power universe related. let's talk all things episode 4 and what to expect next week. and one problem that mitch and terry have is they've only got about two or three days worth of product left. and this is all because of the last few days they've been pushing their product hard on the streets. meech gave the incentive of his rolex to whoever sold the most, because they only had about two days left to shift their product in paper. and he explained that cracking down the web ain't always about beating someone. it's about knowing which buttons to press to get people to do exactly what you want them to do. and it worked. it worked with his crew on the streets, and it worked with his food truck business. but k2 and b mickey were selling their stone burgers, but now they're low on product, so we're going to see them going up to pat and asking him for more, something that they've done before in the very first episode, when pat told them that they've been selling way too fast. and pat explained that their job is to get paid, but to also stay out of jail, which i do agree with, because you have to master the art of timing when you do want to surpass the teacher, especially in this game. but something else you shouldn't be doing is getting half your own like we saw pat doing. this is rule number one. you have to be in control and have your head on a constant swivel at all times. and as miesha's mentor, you can't let him see you in this state, which even took meech by surprise. and this is probably going to push meech and terry to try and become kings of their own kingdom even quicker. so we're going to see them asking for three keys, and he wants to pay for all of them up front. and pat is going to tell them again, don't get too ahead of yourselves, because you don't have the infrastructure to move such way. which is also true. but we all know how ambitious meech is. he's hungry, and he's always thinking three moves ahead, just like how he came up with a clever stone burger idea in episode two. he had to think quick and he did. but while they wanted up their product that they're purchasing from pat, detective bryan tells meech that his boss is going after everybody in the darn river area, thus dealing drugs. and this is what pat meant about making money, but staying out of jail as well. we're going to see mitch and terry being arrested, by the looks of this trailer. and no doubt, the investigation of jaimo's disappearance and death is going to be at the center of attention, especially with detective lopez. mitch tells brian that they still need each other. and i do think detective brian will continue giving meech information on what's happening with the investigation on jmo, so he's able to stay one move ahead of the police. and he'll help him cover his tracks with jaimo's death. but bimiki has definitely caught some real for meege. and what is b miki's problem? because he doesn't like taking orders from meech and terry, especially when he killed jaimo and dumped his body in the river, which will most likely be found next week. and the cops will definitely want answers for this, and someone will have to take the fool be miki told me that he'll let him take the credit for it in the streets. and of course, he's happy for me to take the credit for the death of jmo, because if he were to go down, then bbq gets what he wants, which is more control over the organization and decision making. now bemike really does have a problem. i don't think he's working with anybody else like cato's working with lamar. but he definitely wants to start making more decisions and being a leader, rather than someone who takes orders. and i really wouldn't be surprised if b miki was the one who shot terry, as i mentioned in my review recap video, because it does make sense with how we've seen him behave over the last few episodes. but terry thinks it's lamar. and hopefully we do find out. but if we don't, then it just keeps that bit of mystery, just like in real life how we never really got the answers to who shot terry. but we also see the baby christening, for wondering terry's little baby, and it's going to be pastor swift who's going to be doing the christening. he's someone who's really going to start to get involved with every aspect of the flannery household. and charles definitely won't be a big fan of this. when he was in their home holding lucille's hand, we could see the look that charles gave and he even stopped him short of finishing when pastor swift offered to help with regards to terry's eye surgery that went wrong. and now that i can see him started to get a lot closer to lucille and being this confident, which charles will definitely have an issue with. now we also see the 50 boys strapping up, and cato firing some shots, because as lamar mentioned in episode 3 that he wants to wait until meech and terry's pockets are full before the attack. and they may well be full after the next purchase from pat le mans. wants to hit them at the right time. and he's going to be working overtime to shut the 50 boys down for good. but could meech, later on down the line, have an unlikely ally in flamel? not any time soon, because i doubt he's going to be moving from the hospital bed in the state that we saw him in. but we saw hamid tried to recruit him in episode 2, following on from the offer that he made to jmo in the first episode, which he turned down. and he knows that flamel is a businessman who's all about the paper. and he told him that he wanted to give him this opportunity to make more money than he can even imagine. but he turned this down at the time because he was loyal to the 12th street boys and he was loyal to jmo. but that could all change now, after the death of jmo, and him being beaten to an inch of his life, and realizing that lamar was behind setting up jmo as well. now, the offer to flamel wasn't a take it or leave the offer. meech told him that this offer won't last forever, so it very well may still be on the table, especially if flamel brings you information on cato working with lamar will be miki being the one responsible for shooting terry, for example. i could definitely see them working together to take lamar down. because i highly doubt lamar and slick will let go of the 12th street boys and the crew that they have now underneath them. but that's just a rundown of the trailer for episode 4, which is titled heroes. so drop all your comments and predictions down below in the comment section as we move towards the halfway point of bmf's first season. so drop all your comments down below. and of course, if you're new to the channel, you haven't done so already, remember to smash the subscribe button. you shouldn't see everything bmf and power universe related. but as always, thank you guys for watching, and i'll see you next time. 