[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2003 swashbuckler film, Pirates of the Caribbean, the curse of the Black Pearl. so let's get started. in the early 18th century, governor swamp, his daughter, Elizabeth, and Lieutenant Norrington encounter a shipwreck and recover a boy, will Turner. Elizabeth discovers a golden pirate medallion around his neck and sees a ghost ship, later revealed as a black pearl, vanished into the fog. eight years later, Norrington proposes to Elizabeth. she faints and falls into the sea, while wearing the medallion, activating it. Captain Jack Sparrow, who's arrived to commandeer ship, rescued her. Norrington identifies Jack and I chase ensues. Jack encounters, well now a blacksmith and a swordsman, they duel, and jack is captured and imprisoned. that night, the black pearl attacks, searching for the medallion, the crew capture Elizabeth and take her to their Captain, Barbossa. Elizabeth, trying to avoid being taken his prisoner, states her last name is Turner. however, she's kidnapped. Elizabeth, learns that the crew are cursed, as in mortals, after stealing treasure. and to lift the curse, they need to return all the gold pieces with the blood of the owner of each piece. Elizabeth's medallion is the final piece will freeze. jack, who agrees to rescue Elizabeth upon learning real surname. the to commandeer a ship and recruit a crew. it is revealed that wills father was a pirate, and that Jack was Captain of Black Pearl until barbosa mutiny and marooned him. the bosun sacrifices Elizabeth blood and the final gold piece. however, the curse is not lifted, as an abelian belong to wills father, making will the owner by bloodline. will makes a deal with Barbossa to release Elizabeth in exchange for his blood. Barbossa Maroons Jack and Elizabeth on the island Jack was left on before Norrington comes to rescue and is convinced to return for will. when Elizabeth accepts his marriage proposal. Jack, Elizabeth and will duel with Barbossa and his crew for both the stats. jack, the jack reveals that he has taken a piece of gold as part of a coup answer box. Jack, shoots Barbosa, will sacrifices the medallion with his blood on it, lifting the curse. the both had died from the gunshot wound, and the rest of his crew is defeated by the Navy. Jack is to be hanged for piracy, but Elizabeth and will help him escape. Elizabeth declares her love for well and Jack dies and to see to escape aboard the Black Pearl, governor Swann gives Elizabeth his blessing to marry well Anna. post-credits scene, barbosa's pet monkey Jack, steals piece of gold from the chest and regains immortality. so that was aspires for Pirates of the Caribbean, the curse of the Black Pearl. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts for my various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 