hey guys. welcome back to flicks recap. my name is luke pelletier, and i want to thank you all for helping us to hit the 1 000 subscriber mark by the end of september. so as promised, the man behind the curtain, the face behind the screen, coming today to bring you coverage of the 2000 comedy flick road trip. before we start, be sure to drop a like, leave a comment, and, of course, subscribe to the channel if you dig the commentary. as a disclaimer, this video includes my analysis and commentary for the film. it's not a substitute to watching the film. links to purchase the film are in the description below. so without further ado, let's get to it. josh parker and tiffany henderson have been together since childhood. their childhood friendship blossomed into a passionate romance. but things got difficult when they went to different colleges. josh is at the university of ithaca in new york, while tiffany is at the university of austin, texas. josh has been trying to call tiffany, but she won't pick up. so he records a video message for her. when his friends barry and reuben interrupt him. josh is late for his philosophy class, so he asks reuben to drop his videotape addressed to tiffany in the mail on his way to class. josh meets beth, who is clearly into him and is excited about seeing him later at josh's friend eel's party that night. but as they are talking, this guy named jacob is eyeing them enviously. now, apparently, jacob and beth used to be a thing, and jacob, of course, is still obsessed with her also. jacob is josh's philosophy ta. so conflicts of interest run amok. after class, jacob confronts josh, accusing him of hitting on death, even though that shouldn't be an offense against jacob. he even threatens josh by saying that he needs a b-plus on the midterm exam if he wants to pass the class. like i said, conflicts of interest. later, el invites josh to his party and encourages him to use it as an opportunity to sleep with beth. but josh says no, he's committed to tiffany. since tiffany hasn't been picking up his calls, josh calls her roommate carla instead, who tells him that tiffany didn't sleep in her room last night. frustrated, josh goes to el's party. at the party, e.l is auctioning girls company, and beth wants josh to outbid jacob, who has now successfully gate-crashed the party. a bidding war ensues between josh and jacob, with jacob one-upping josh every time. el ultimately sells beth's company to josh, saying that jacob is a ta and is thus ineligible to bid as it is. now, obviously, creative liberties are taken here, since this kind of scandal would result in social crucifixion today. honestly, the fact that this flew in a movie in 2000 just makes me feel incredibly old. anyway, josh and beth dance together, and later they go back to josh's room, where they start kissing passionately. beth sees josh's video camera sitting on his bed and immediately wants to make a sex tape, because apparently that's been a fantasy of hers. she starts going at it, and begins recording, asking him what he looks for in a girl, while sensually undressing herself. they start to get intimate, and their footage leaves little to the imagination. the next morning, josh is more chipper than usual, and when his friends ask him why, he tells them all about last night. but they aren't ready to believe that he slept with beth. josh tells them the proof is in the pudding, and he's got the pudding. and his friends realize that he has the whole thing on video, and now they all want to watch it. josh reluctantly agrees to let them watch the tape. but as they start watching, he realizes that this was the tape he had made for tiffany the previous day, the one that ruben was supposed to drop in the mail. which means reuben accidentally mailed josh and beth's sex tape to tiffany, because it was also lying on josh's table. needless to say, josh is screwed. as this realization creeps in, tiffany calls josh, panics and doesn't pick up, so she leaves a voicemail telling him that her grandfather had passed away, and that everything had happened so quickly that she didn't have time to call him about it. josh is mortified. he wants to go to austin to retrieve the tape before tiffany sees it. so josh e.l and reuben decide to go on a road trip to austin since they don't have enough money for plane tickets. now i'm of the mind that plane tickets would actually be cheaper than the amount of oil, food card appreciation and other stuff it would take to drive there. but, like i said, creative liberties. in any event, they only have three days to get there before tiffany returns from her grandparents place. since they don't own a car, they reluctantly invite another one of their classmates, the shy and uptight kyle, on the road trip, just so they can use him to borrow his car. barry decides to stay back because he has some kind of a phobia for leaving home. so josh e.l, rubin and kyle set out on their 1800 mile road trip. back in josh's dorm room, barry is feeding reuben's pet python. when beth shows up. she asks him where josh is, and barry tells her that he went to see his girlfriend, which leaves beth devastated, because she really likes josh. when she asks him where he went, barry says austin, massachusetts, when he really meant to say austin, texas. but beth asks him if he meant boston, massachusetts, and he agrees. nice cover, barry. so beth decides to go to the university of massachusetts boston to reclaim josh. meanwhile, josh and the gang stop at target to get some supplies for the road trip, forcing kyle to use his dad's credit card to pay the bill. but soon they get lost after taking a shortcut, and they reach a dead end at a broken bridge. el suggests that they jump the car across the broken bridge by driving it at a high speed, despite kyle's concerns about this plan, rightfully, so they attempt to cross the bridge and actually pull it off. however, the car suffers some severe damage and explodes soon after they get out of it. so the guys find a motel to spend the night at. the next morning, the motel manager tells ruben that kyle's dad's credit card has maxed out, so they'll have to pay in cash. kyle's dad also finds out that his card is maxed out. and to make things worse, the police have found kyle's car battered and abandoned by the bridge. of course, kyle is not at the university that he attends, so the police tell kyle's dad that his son is missing. meanwhile, e.l goes to a nearby school and tricks the gullible receptionist into letting him take a school bus by saying that he's supposed to repair it. the guys take turns driving the bus before stopping at a gas station. again, not a cost-effective way of getting to austin. here, josh calls his philosophy professor from a pay phone, but jacob the ta picks up his call and pretends to be the professor. josh tells him that his books and notes have been destroyed in a car accident and that he needs an extension on his midterm. a vengeful jacob gives him a fake three-day extension without telling the professor about it. meanwhile, beth reaches umass boston and asks for tiffany's room number at the reception desk. weirdly, she ends up confronting a different tiffany. henderson, who actually does go to umass boston. now this tiffany totally loses it and destroys her boyfriend's car and then smacks the poor guy around after learning that beth had allegedly slept with him. beth realizes her mistake when she sees the guy and just leaves. back on the road trip, the guys have now reached the university of tennessee, where they find their way into a fraternity to party and stay the night. they all party that night, and to everyone's surprise, kyle actually gets laid. but the next morning, they all realize that they're going to be out of money soon, so they make a little bit of scratch by selling their sperm at a sperm bank in ithaca. beth returns from her pointless trip to boston and confronts barry, who is once again feeding ruben's pet python. barry tells her that he had meant austin and not boston. meanwhile, jacob, who has followed beth to josh's room, tells her that josh won't be back the next semester because he'll be missing his philosophy midterm. but in the middle of this exchange, a freak python feeding accident leads to barry being attacked by the python, and in the mayhem that follows, barry accidentally flings the python towards jacob, who gets strangled by it. now, kyle's parents have finally found their way to the motel where the guys had stayed a couple of nights before, and they asked the manager if he had seen kyle. using the guy's call details, they find out that kyle may be in austin. the fellas finally reached the university of austin, but the guy in charge of student mail isn't ready to give them tiffany's mail without a key. they get into a physical fight with the guy, which gives josh the opportunity to sneak into the mail area and find the package. meanwhile, kyle's parents also reached the university and confront him about the car and the credit card. to add to the mess, tiffany also shows up at the same time. she's clearly surprised to see josh and his friends there. josh and tiffany go up to her room, where she tells him that they should go out with other people because their time to date and experience new people is running out. at that time, beth calls up tiffany, asking for josh, and leaving tiffany totally confused. as josh talks to beth on the phone, tiffany opens up the package that he had brought with him to the room, and she inserts the tape into the vcr. beth tells josh about jacob's evil plan to get him kicked out of college. meanwhile, tiffany starts watching the tape without josh realizing it. thankfully, it turns out that barry had accidentally recorded over the sex part of the video, much to josh's relief. with tiffany having broken up with him, josh and the crew start their return journey home. now their goal is to get back to ithaca in 46 hours so josh can write his philosophy exam. and they do get back to ithaca, but josh is almost an hour late for his exam. but it doesn't actually matter, because it turns out someone had called in a fake bomb threat, which pushed back the exam. later, beth tells josh that she was the one who called in the bomb threat so he wouldn't miss the exam. could you imagine anybody trying to get away with that today. either way, the film ends with josh and beth officially getting together. now, personally, i feel like a simple breakup over the phone would have saved a lot of people from having a lot of agita, but it also would have made for a terrible story for everyone involved. this was at least a bit more lively. overall, as far as teenage, high octane fever dreams, a la super bad and dazed and confused are concerned. i actually really like this film. i think it serves the genre well without weighing too heavy on any one particular element. there's just enough action, just enough comedy, antics and surprise, and it's all blended together well enough to keep you interested the whole way through. but what did you guys think? let me know in the comments below, and of course, be sure to like the video and subscribe to the channel if you enjoyed my take on it, so that you don't miss the next recap. until next time, 