welcome back to mrs rundown. in today's video, i am going to be recapping the events of the proposal, a 2009 romance comedy film. spoilers ahead. you have been warned. now like the video and subscribe to the channel if you enjoy this video. andrew paxton wakes up late, scrambles out of bed and runs to work, but gets bumped into by another employee and gets coffee spilt on his shirt. he asks another employee for their shirt quickly, and they give it to him. then margaret tate comes in. as she gets further into the building, people instant message each other on the computer, saying things like, it is here, and the witch is on her broomstick. margaret tate is the executive editor-in-chief of a book publishing company, coldin books. all of her workers, including her assistant, andrew paxton, hate her, and she fires a senior editor, bob spaulding, because he is unable to get an author named frank be interviewed by oprah. after learning she is being deported to canada, she forces andrew to marry her, as his future is tied to hers. when the government investigates mr gilbertson, informs them that they will undergo rigorous testing to prove that the marriage is not fraudulent. andrew grudgingly accepts, under the condition that he is promoted to the position of editor and his manuscript be published. he also forces margaret to propose nicely to him on her knees in the streets of new york, and to allow him to tell his parents they are getting married. the two are forced to spend the weekend with his parents in sitka, alaska in order to sell the lie where they will be attending the 90th birthday party of andrew's grandmother, gammy. margaret is very unreceptive of alaska, and is further more shocked to learn that andrew's family owns most of the business in sitka. they attend a surprise party for them, where andrew catches up with his ex-girlfriend, dirt root, after he is humiliated by his father, joe paxton. andrew announces that he and margaret are getting married. they are forced to tell the engagement story and kiss, and do so passionately, showing the first signs of respect for one another. andrew's parents then show them their room, and gami gives them a special blanket called baby maker, which they avoid. andrew and margaret sleep separately, andrew on the floor and margaret in the bed. the next morning, margaret tate wakes to hear her phone ringing. after waking andrew with her loud conversation, she goes outside. the family dog, kevin, follows her and is swooped up by an eagle. she gets kevin back, but the eagle instead takes her phone. grace and gami look at her from the house, so assume that she is just playing. andrew, having seen the commotion, informs margaret that she, his mother, grace and gami are going shopping. the shopping actually proves to be a mail strip show by ramon. margaret talks with gert about andrew, who tells her that they dated through college, and when andrew asked her to elope with him, she didn't want to go from her home and said no. margaret comes home and takes a shower, but finds no towels. when she goes to get one, she is stopped by kevin. meanwhile, andrew confronts his father, after he apologizes and asks him to take up the family business, telling him he's happy in new york. he goes to the balcony of their room, stripping naked. margaret, also naked, goes for a towel after distracting kevin, only to run into andrew. he sees her tattoo before going to take a shower. that night, andrew and margaret tell each other a little about their past and find out they like the same band. next morning, joe and grace knock at the door with breakfast. andrew and margaret hurriedly get into bed, and after a few minutes of shuffling to find a suitable position, they allow them in. the family suggests they could marry on the upcoming weekend, to coincide with gammy's birthday, and they reluctantly accept. andrew is stressed because the marriage is actually a sham, and margaret tries to comfort him, finding herself genuinely caring for him. to sort out her emotions, she goes for a bike ride into the woods, where she finds gammy giving thanks to nature. gamie invites her to join her, and they end up break dancing while andrew watches. andrew takes her into sitka, and she tries to contact new york after receiving a new phone and going to an internet cafe. however, yammy and grace arrive and take margaret to be fitted into a dress that gammy's great-grandmother made and a necklace that's been in the paxton family for generations. deciding that she can't do this to andrew, she hijacks a boat and tries to explain, but she falls off after he takes the steering wheel. andrew goes back for her, and they return to his house. once there, they find that joe has contacted mr gilbertson, who asked them again to admit the sham. andrew vehemently denies. during the wedding ceremony, margaret decides she cannot do this to andrew and confesses the business arrangement in front of everyone, including mr gilbertson, who tells her she has 24 hours to get back to canada. and thus goes back to new york to pack her things. while packing her things, andrew shows up at the office and confesses his love for margaret in front of the entire office staff, proposing marriage all over again. thanks for watching. make sure to like the video if you enjoyed it. subscribe to the channel if you want to see more of these movie summaries. it really helps the channel out 