my water just broke. yep, i found him. my father, randall pearson. i'm your biological son. first male is out. you hear that, babe? we got a boy. your wife is in distress. jack, the show is so bad. everything's fake. i quit. toby pete, so you want to be fat? friends, we lost the third baby. jack, i'm very sorry. i like to think that you took the sourest lemon that life has to offer and turned it into something resembling lemonade. why are you watching this stuff? told them to go screw themselves. i'm moving to new york. show business. 36 years ago, my life started with you leaving me on a fire station doorstep. but the man has stage four stomach cancer. grandma and grandpa are here. i'll be in my room. you are getting in the car right now, and we are going to this doctor. just wanted to be the man that made you happy. i'm here on that i'm going to be at 12. for a very good brother to you. was i no, you would. but you still got time, toby, you were looking for with all this. but i do know you don't have a whole lot of time. i like to tell the girls who you are i did it. i i booked a red eye to new york. you mean this, uh, steel cut oatmeal and egg white pancake you're making me eat? it's amazing. they said, you just go up and over and burrito him. they'll be in college soon. we're pretty good together. [Music], your highness, find you a crown tickets. i did everything wrong by you, and you've done everything right. these la actors, they come out here, right? they do their little stint in theater just to feel better about themselves. i'm here for the right reasons. let's get this over with, shall we? you got the part, but i'm sorry, what they think the nanny will sell tickets? look, it's kevin. oh, this is my biological father. well, that probably is gonna be a longer conversation, but it's good to meet you. it's a pleasure to meet you. you're fired. what? maybe it's time we go at it alone for a while. you know, see what happens. we're so busy making sure that kid's not eating too much, calm down and riddle's not too adopted. i'm sorry. i should have been there, and i'm going to be there. this doesn't say pause on this doesn't say suck either. yet, here we are. i'm not cut out for theater. you do that a lot, doubt yourself. every time i met a new black person, i would put a mark in this notebook. and every time i met a black man, i wondered if that man could possibly be my father. our life, i love it right now, and i'm so scared of changing it. i'm not gonna stand for anything changing between us. i can't fall for a fat person right now. i guess i'll lose the weight then. what did i do to deserve this? you've done a lot of really nice things for me. so i wanted to return the phone. i don't want to be different from that, different from who the kids at school. if we get an a, i'll get ice cream and get and give a woman, and then they'll eat. it's okay. uh, it's been a few days now, you know, since you showed up without calling, right? i was just sort of wandering, when are you leaving? hey, mom, hey miguel. i'm rebecca. i'm randall's mother. very nice to meet you. nice to meet you. he's gonna be about to wait for me. toby, i'm done dieting. okay? [Music], wait. i wonder if i can check on him from time to time. no, book of poems that randall's had since he was a baby, the one i gave rebecca back in the day. rebecca, this is beth. yeah. um, so william just told me something really interesting about the two of you. i told you that when i met you that i couldn't fall for a fat person, but you did. so now what? you're just gonna throw me away handle on myself, on the weight and on all of it. i need that more than anything right now. and i want it. i want it more than anything right now, even more than me. why is there a photo of me and a letter that you sent to william's apartment? i'm sorry. i can't do this. can't do what when a nice boy who adores you offered you pie, say, thank you, randall. you have to understand, understand what that you knew my father, that you kept him from me my entire life. you're so pretty. thank you, baby. well, if i'm pretty, you're pretty cause we look alike. starting to feel like you attaching yourself to something that's not a calculated act is just too much for your empty human shell to handle. that's our cue to leave. you and william have known each other for randall's entire life, and you kept that firm okay, is that slowing in your bed? hey, kate, you kept that secret for 36 years. that must have been incredibly lonely. no, not yet. rebecca thinks that we have kids, our lives are going to be over. she's right. our lead actress vanished a month ago, off the base of the planet. you got involved with her. you slept with the tony nominated star of my plane. ruined everything. yeah. well, you know, i slept with you too. it didn't ruin anything. yeah. only ten years of therapy. william hill, i loved you and you left. now i'd like to spend whatever time you have remaining together. would you? the one thing i cannot live without, he's you. dad, grandpa's gay, or at least bye wasn't enough. uh, i'm gonna do it. do what the surgery. i just don't want you to freak out. okay. don't worry about me freaking out. uh, well, i do have to worry about it, kate, because the thing is, is that i'm kind of in love with you. i've decided to have gastric bypass surgery. yeah, i'm going to continue to date sloan because she's kind and she's sweet, she's funny and and you know what? sometimes you just got to do the right thing, even if it's not what you marry the hell out of you. k pearson, just like that. just like that. it was just like that from the moment i met you, kid. this cancer is coming for me sooner than later. i can feel it. the medication isn't working anymore. do you want to stop the chemo really? or wow. guys, this is rebecca malone. um, it's pearson now. oh, you forgot this girl you used to play keys for. got old not from where i was. randall is not free of vice. it's his compulsive drive to be perfect being on stage again and singing. and i missed it, randall. do you know sanjay jahiri? sanji's gonna come board help us. land who wind farm? client, really? have you ever considered an immersive weight loss experience? a fat camp? i have a boyfriend. well, actually, beyonce. we'll see. hi, my ex-husband, who i haven't seen in 12 years, just shows up at my doorstep unannounced. you know, i'm not exactly sure what you want me to say. i didn't ask for you to do anything nice for me, toby. and i thought that you were leaving. what happened? would you ever think that maybe i needed you to do something nice for me? and also, i ran into your friend duke, who's a real dick, by the way. he's not my friend. [Music]. when i think i want to go, the oncologist estimates he's only got a few more months. should we start digging his grave now, or should we wait until there's an actual body? and my offer still stands. i'm in cabin 13. eight years ago, i was pregnant for the first time, and randall was vying for partner at his firm. and he made sure i didn't lift the finger. the drinking has to stop. you have to rein it in, baby, because i won't have it in my house. then one morning, i was in the bathroom and he called out to me. he was confused because he couldn't see anything. worked himself into a nervous breakdown. when we were together, she said she never wanted to get married. would mean to go yeah. it was very brief. it was another life. and probably why she didn't tell you. you dated for two months. two months when i've been spending years old, three nights a week at rehearsal, till 11 o'clock at night with this guy, and you think that i didn't deserve to know that you had history with him. you know, you never really talk about your dad's death. it's been just blocked for a really roll long your windows down, crank up the music. let someone else make you bed. [Music], why didn't you go to her show tonight? first of all, it was two hours away. yeah, it's two hours away. more people than i've sung in front of in 15 years. yes. whoa. sorry. what the hell was that? i asked you a question. where's my wife? i don't know she was. she was just in the dressing room. don't punish her because i crossed them. hey, bet, what'd you say? jack, jack, okay, i have to go drive him home. ben, i bet we go on in 20 minutes. [Music], it's over. i have no life. i have zero life. jack, i am a housewife to three teenagers who do not need me anymore. what do you love about me? tell me the me as i am right now, not the me that you've conjured up in your mind over the years. what do you i think you should go stay with miguel for a while. we're their parents back we do the best we can, but at the end of the day, what happens to them, how they turn out, that's bigger than us. who i want to sing? director, okay, it's not like i'm gonna get the part. don't do that. i want you to get it. i love you. and every once in a while, we're gonna do something that's gonna knock us off our feet. beth, i wanna adopt a baby. [Music], i love the mother that you are, the same woman who, all those years ago, ran out of a blind date because she simply had to sing. and our love story, i know it may not feel like it right now, it's just getting started. [Music]. 