[Music], welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna do our absolute best to work through the Devil's Rejects without getting age-restricted. let's get to it. we open up some narration, indicating for us that the game's essentially over. the police are now on a Search and Destroy mission for the Firefly family. no more playing around. 87 bodies later, we get a brief scene showing that tiniest still kickin, but seeing the impending confrontation, he basically pieces out for this movie. they surround the house and rouse the family. sheriff Wydell gives a pep talk to his men, promising glory and paradise in this life or the next. inside the family protects their of precious faces, and then commenced the shooting. the police forced their way in, but are held off just long enough for baby and Otis to escape. mother is close, but is betrayed by her own strong sense of sentimentalism. when they get to the road, baby pulls the old Good Samaritan drift, helping them to acquire a vehicle. back at the house, the police are busy collecting evidence in scrapbook format. a brief glance through one of the books implicates Captain Spaulding, indicating his knowledge of the types of events that tend to transpire at the house. this leads us to the wholesome home life of Spalding enjoying a hotter upper in the warm light of the Morning Sun. we can only imagine how much more whimsical it gets, because he receives a warning call that the police are on to him, and he quickly drops his live-in lover like a sack of crap. baby a notice. make it to the meetup spot, the kojiki palms. they're unable to book a room directly due to their recently increased notoriety, so baby utilizes her feminine wiles, [Music], hey, to seduce old Roy and gain entry to his room. they quickly take control and follow the golden rule, always kill one hostage to show you mean business. we see that Spalding has had some car troubles, so he commandeered this bitchin ride using his official clown authority. he could just go, but he takes this brief opportunity to absolutely ruin this kid for clowns, men, beards, baldness, makeup, teeth. he takes 30 seconds to absolutely destroy him forever. when things start to get a little boring at the hotel room, they decided to creep it up a bit, and then Otis takes the boys to run some errands. back at the station, Wydell has engaged in an interrogation of mother Firefly, who demonstrates her own aptitude in the art of seduction. when Wydell pushes too hard, she pulls some Polaroids from a notebook showing his brother, George from the previous movie, to be one of their victims. hearing this news of his kin strengthens his resolve to commit quadruple revenge murders, which she seems to encourage. Otis leads the men to an area where he intends to dig up some guns. he confirms this also represents the end of their journey, with nothing left to lose. Adam finally takes some meaningful action. Roy, unfortunately is a couple steps too slow. he fails to inflict any damage at all, and Otis manages to kill them both in horrible fashion. back at the hotel, things similarly begin to fall apart. baby does half the job of killing Gloria by putting a buck knife in her heart, and Gloria finishes it by pulling it out. I honestly can't stress enough how important it is to fight this instinct. meanwhile, Wendy manages to get out and seeks help from a wayward clown, but gets a smear of pancake makeup instead. the police discover that Captain Spaulding is named after animal crackers from a Marx brother movie. so they call in the Marx film scholar for help. he looks about exactly how you'd expect and confirms all the aliases are fashioned after Marx brother characters. he then ridicules their lack of knowledge and gets run off due to negative comments he makes about Elvis Presley, although he really wasn't wrong. so I guess it's case closed or cracked open or something. I'm not really sure. this whole scene seems to be here for her style purposes. only. back at the hotel, they've left Wendy alive for the maid to find. in a classic prank fit for any YouTube prank channel. when she runs off and gets smeared in the road by a semi, it puts the police back on their trail. Wydell ultimately decides to solicit the help of some grimy ass county hunters to help locate his prey. one fever dream later, and he's getting a phone call to let him know they have some legitimate leaves already. so good choice. this prompts Wydell to visit mother in order to get this murdered rolling down the track. they have a conversation full of double entendres, but are clearly not on the same page, since mom has got her tongue flicking around like a lizard. but in response, Wydell only penetrates her with a massive bowie knife. meanwhile, the gang arrives of the quaintest of backwoods [ __ ] houses, where they meet Spaulding's brother, Charlie. he comes across a little rough, but he's just playing around. he is so silly. after introduction, to say, finally gets unwind a little. in between partying scenes, we get some shots of Wydell psyching himself up in front of a mirror, Travis Bickel style. the next morning, Charlie grabs some chicken for the evenings feast, but gets sidetracked on the way out. wide el confirms the trio's presence at Charlie's establishment and charges him with making sure they remain there until midnight. he then joins his bounty hunters for a pre bushwhackin cookout, but finds out they have little in common, and after several tense words, he goes ahead and heads out. that evening, Charlie and Spalding reminisce about the good old days, and then we find them all in the process of making meaningful personal connections. as they reach peak comfort levels. the hunters infiltrate and initiate the scorched earth protocol, killing innocence and letting nothing stand in the way of their goals. they get rounded up, and Charlie leaves no doubt as to his involvement when he just stands around right in the middle of everything. wide el ties him up at their house and makes a foolish attempt to shame them, as if they have any shame. when this fails, he still makes sure they feel it. they then have to sit there and wait for him to drink his courage. and when he's finally ready to get it up, he release his baby and then sets the house of flame. before giving chase, she makes it to the barn where she meets Charlie who's decided it's not cool to be a human [ __ ] stain. but he fails to do much to help the overall situation. Wydell now has the upper hand and uses it to lay into baby. he's just about to watch the lights go out when she's saved, unexpectedly, by tiny. his character arc has led him to overcome his fear of his own burning home, as evidenced by his willingness to not only walk in and save the boys, but then walk back in as they drive off. you guys, he's come so far. on their way out of town, they run across a blockade. they decide to take it on headfirst, going out in a hail of bullets and being turned into a bloody mess. we end on a slow-mo forward charge that eliminates in a freeze-frame, leaving us to wonder just how the hell we're gonna squeeze a trilogy out of this. and that was the Devil's Rejects. it's taken 15 years for a follow-up. let's hope it lives up to the hype. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. [Music], 