welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna take a look at the 2019 remake of David Cronenberg's rabbit. yes, we have to. let's get to it. we opened on Rose, our protagonist and modern woman, pursuing her career and attempting to have it all. she arrives to work late, forcing her to answer to this insufferable [ __ ]. luckily, her misfortune perfectly illustrates the theme behind kut'rs new line, schadenfreude. oh, so it's all good. in each one of us, there's someone we don't want to show some of that's a little on the nose. Rose is invited to a work party by Brad, but she declines. somewhat miffed, he tries to convince her by declaring it an official date. and you know you want this. at the party, they hide away from the noise and commotion to talk about their passions. and folks, true beauty lies within the things we've yet to uncover. brad goes deep. since roses on a plant-based diet, she spends 30 percent of her day on the toilet. while there, she hears a couple co-workers powdering their noses. and laughing about how Chelsea asked Brad to ask out rose as a courtesy due to her jacked-up face from a prior car wreck. she's understandably upset with her best friend, and rides off at dusk, the witching hour, and gets plastered by a truck. she wakes up a week later in the hospital. the doctor tells her she's missing part of her jaw and intestine. the goal now is to rest up for the long road ahead to recovery. and from the looks of him, he can't wait to take a peek at her insights. Chelsea, feeling bad about the situation, tells her not to worry about her horrible face or lost job, and to just rest, and that she's free to do so at Chelsea's apartment. before long, she's settling in. as she's sitting around catching up on her email, she comes across an advertisement from an experimental medical facility offering free, advanced treatment therapies. she visits for a consultation, and dr. burrows examines her, confirming she looks gross and also qualifies for an all-expenses-paid treatment. the treatment itself is highly ritualized for some reason, and apparently all the communal dressing and pageantry is needed just to slap a patch of goo on her. Ali Rose wakes up eager for quick results, and undoes all the nurses hard work. she finds her face returned to perfection. but a tummy Rumble sends her off to the therapy pool, where she finds this Chad getting in some laps. after a brief introduction, they have a bloody and somewhat erotic encounter, which she remembers as a dream. the doctor recommends she take things slow, but clears her to return home at Chelsey's, she focuses on recovery and self-expression, trying to find herself and reveal her inner designer. her pursuit is interrupted by Brad, who's even more into her now that she's superhot. but she rejects him outright since he is essentially a stranger. later, her and chels go to the club, where her new face and personal dress design attracts Cooter's attention and prompts him to welcome her back to work. they celebrate this with some drinking, dancing and an evisceration, which she again takes to be a dream. in the outside world we see Dom from the pool, sweating his balls off and trying to open his emotional flower. he ends up opening this young punks face instead. at home, Rose wakes up on the floor, creating blood, but then puking it up. so who really knows? our bodies are so complicated. she hits the streets where Billy badass and his leather shirt is looking for trouble. Rose finds him and offers free kisses for a ride, and then she does stuff to him. disturbed by these apparent hallucinations, she returns to the Institute, where dr. burrows insists the visions are an effect of the medication and her preliminary tests look fine. and a downtown hospital, we see most of our prior victims still kickin and desiring human flesh. the CDC has been called in, and they're working to identify the strain and trace its origin. unfortunately, DOM isn't saying much in terms of words. brad manages to score a Redemption lunch date where he tries to express true empathy by dramatically touching roses face. she has an understandably negative reaction to this. when she goes to check herself in the mirror she discovers an actual physical manifestation in her mouth. she tries to excuse herself, but fiddly crashes the party, and, upset about the interruption of his Redemption arc, Brad casually caves his head in. back at the hospital, the CDC official is working to get his arms around this. they've identified the illness as a mutated form of rabies. he recommends a silent quarantine and to decline casually gunning down victims whenever possible. Rose has another back-alley altercation in hopes to find some help from dr. burrows, but gets none. so she continues to focus on her work and tries to chill out, except with young Brad. oh, did you not hear? there was a lunch date murder. the fashion show now takes place over the backdrop of a citywide quarantine. backstage, Rose gets a call from burrows. more test results are in now, and he needs her at the clinic. but her dress is closing the show, and it doesn't count if you don't see it. Chelsea shows up looking Haggard, having been bit on the subway. at the same time, roses out back, malfunctioning some chivalrous gentlemen find her and quickly begin filming her body reacts negatively to this, and then Brad shows up, unnecessarily concussion this guy in dance around while her armpit waves at him. when she comes to, Brad is remarkably ambivalent about what he saw, but does one to get her to the clinic. she insists on watching her dress and the show, which predictably spins out of control. at the clinic, dr. burrows tricks them into a chamber where he reveals Brad's not just a man of violence, he's also a journalist working for the Institute. but don't worry, Brad truly fell in love along the way. since we are all so invested in that relationship, Burroughs waxes poetic about the next face and evolution as they happen upon mrs. burrows, previously unseen, despite being well lit and within line of sight, roses pit snake, takes out Brad, then she uses his bowie knife to mutilate herself and destroy the future of human evolution before taking herself out of the equation. later we see that the outbreak has been contained, and that dr. burrows is still at it doing the hard work of science, having used his advanced technology to heal and revive Rose, but not his wife. and that was the 2019 remake of rabbit, a fried horror movie that felt a little bit shallower than it wanted to be. I would put it in the same category as the perfection or a velvet buzzsaw. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for to become a part of this channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 