story recapped here. today, i'm going to show a 2020 south korean zombie film called alive. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. june wu wakes up alone in his family's upper floor apartment. he sees a note from his mother that the rest of the family has left, and telling him to get groceries as there's little food in the pantry. june woo starts up a computer game and starts streaming his gaming. is disturbed when his playmates bring something up from the news. june wu checks the tv and sees a large number of violent behaviors and assaults have been reported. as he watches the news, he hears the commotion from outside and sees people running, screaming and some people violently biting and scratching one another. hearing noises also coming from the hallway. june wu checks it, and a person bursts into june woo's apartment, saying that he's a neighbor. junwoo asks him to leave, but he refuses. jun wou then grabs a knife and sees that his neighbor's eyes have started bleeding, indicating that he's infected and that he'll start to turn soon. within seconds, the neighbor starts snarling and attacks junwu. junwoo struggles, but is able to push his neighbor out the door, where an infected individual feasts on him. june wu barricades the door with his refrigerator and watches the news. he receives messages from his mother and learns that they too are hiding, but he can't contact them as the reception has gone done. he rations what remaining food he has left and prepares to hold out. the next day, he learns from the news that the infected exhibit cannibalistic behavior and should be avoided. the virus is transmitted through blood contact, from bites or stab wounds. june wu then decides to upload a photo of him his location to social media, hoping that someone might see it. he puts his smartphone on a small drone and tries to fly it up in hopes of getting reception. this idea fails as his drone doesn't have enough battery left. june wu sees a police officer running in the streets fighting off the infected, but is quickly overcome. joonwu tries calling out to the police officer, but is unable to help. he hears that incoming from the barricaded door, and sees that an infected has managed to make it in. the infected tries to push the refrigerator barricade, and june was forced to climb out to the balcony. the pursuing infected runs after him, but falls off the edge. a few days pass and junwoo resorts to drinking liquor to keep himself hydrated. he learns from the news that the infected have still managed to retain some kind of intelligence, able to do simple tasks such as opening doors. some are even reported to remember skills acquired from their profession. two weeks pass and june wu dances around drunk on ram he hallucinates seeing his family come back from their trip, and he hugs his mom. he snaps out of his days and breaks down crying. he later tries to get reception by placing his smartphone at the end of a selfie stick and extending it out the balcony. he reaches out and finally gets a voice message from his family. he plays the message and learns that his mother, father and sister are all together hiding at his father's office. june wu is distraught to hear his mother's message slowly turn to screaming and crying. he listens to his family get eaten alive and die at the hands of the infected. not knowing what else to do, juno grabs a golf club and storms the hallway full of infected he tries to beat and clobber as many of them as he can, cursing and shouting at them. the ruckus attracts more of the infected in june is quickly overwhelmed. he snaps out of his rage and realizes he needs to get back. he sneaks around the hallway, past a few infected people, and is able to hide and sneak his way back into his apartment. on day 20, he sees explosions in the metropolis area, and the power and water go out. left with no food, no water and no family, junwoo decides to end his life. he makes a noose out of wires and hangs himself in the living room. as he chokes, he sees a laser light shining at him from an apartment in the building adjacent to his. he quickly tries to get himself off the noose, and eventually falls to the floor. he runs to the window and sees a woman looking at him through binoculars. he waves at the woman and she waves back. eubin stares through her binoculars at a man who just attempted to kill himself. she hears a noise coming from outside her hallway and prepares to activate an improvised trap she made in case of the infected breaking through her door. the noise subsides and she falls to sleep. june woo wakes up the following morning looking for you ben. they exchange names by showing it through their mobile devices, but they're interrupted when an infected enters you ben's apartment. it gets caught in her trap, and she quickly kills the infected with an axe. the next day, yubin sees that junwu is hungry and tries to throw a rope across to june wu's apartment. it falls to the street in the middle of a crowd of infected. june wu sees this and gets his drone and flies rope to you bin's apartment with a physical connection. you then send some food to junwoo, and he thanks her. as he eats, he sees the rope you been had thrown earlier, and an infected fireman using it to climb up. as the fireman pulls the table, the rope is attached to flies across the room, hitting you bin and knocking her out. june wu scatters to get his drone to fly out and knock the fireman off of the rope. he tries his best to distract the climbing infected man, but the drone gets smashed to pieces. just as the fireman reaches you ben's balcony, she shows up and cuts the fireman's hand off with an axe. later that night, junwu heads out to his neighbor in search of food and supplies. he makes it to the next door apartment and finds supplies like climbing equipment and camping gear. seeing that his neighbor was an avid hiker. just as he's picking up the food, his neighbor attacks and a struggle ensues. june wu fights back and manages to escape from the apartment. he got more food, water and some supplies, including a pair of walkie-talkies. he sends one to your bin via the rope connection, and the two start communicating through them. the pair share a meal together with you've been noticing that they like the same food june woo, thanks you been for saving his life. euban refuses to take credit, saying that she didn't save his life, and he saved his own life with his decision to survive. it's revealed that you've been an also attempted suicide, with a broken news shown hanging from her ceiling. a few days later, and the horde of infected on the streets start running and enter their buildings. the infected run through the corridors, searching for any survivors. they come across yubin sees that the eighth floor in june wu's building is the quietest, and decide they should head there. euban repels to the streets and finds a gun. she fights off the infected and is almost overrun, but june wu appears, and the two head to the eighth floor. on the eighth floor, they encounter a group of infected and get cornered at the end of a hallway. luckily, a door opens and a man appears, rescuing them from the infected. they enter the man's apartment and share a meal. he informs them that he heard talks of rescue teams over the radio, and that they'll be rescued. soon as they ate, yubin sees a picture of a couple and their child. she also sees milk bottles, but doesn't see any signs of a child. she asks the man where his kid is, but the man says he doesn't have one. june wu faints, and euban realizes they have been drugged and that the man isn't who he says he is. the man gets up and drags a week and you've been, to a room where his infected wife awaits. the man thanks them for coming, as his wife had been starving for days. he traps you ben with his wife and holds the door locked. junwu gets up, points the gun at the man and threatens to shoot if he doesn't let you been go. the man lets go of a rope holding back his wife, and junwoo dives for the rope, dropping his gun. uben is heard screaming, while the man bargains with junwu, saying he let him live as long as you've been remains. the screaming inside the room stops, and jun will assume the worst. the man unlocks the door, opening it. you've been covering the infected wife's face with a blanket. and letting it loose on the man as the wife bites the man's neck. you then shoots them both, but the gunshots attract the horde. of infected, with no hope in sight, you've been decides they should kill themselves before the horde arrives. june wu complies and forces himself to aim the gun at you. then just as he's about to pull the trigger, they hear helicopters passing by. they quickly run up to the roof, with the infected trailing them closely. the pair are cornered on the roof, and as the infected burst through the door, a helicopter appears and soldiers start shooting at the horde. the two quickly get on the helicopter and they fly away. as they fly out, june woo gets reception and learns that a huge chunk of the metropolitan area is affected, with an estimated 50 000 infected. he also sees that many of the survivors have posted their pictures and locations on social media, similar to what he did, and that the rescue teams are using this information to find and save them. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 