I know you're which and you can see the future. you'll be queen for a time. when it comes another cast you down and take all you all, dear. the King will have twenty children and you will have three. that doesn't make sense. gold will be their crowns. cold shrouds. what she built, it's ours, sons of the harpy. yes, your grace. they left is on the body. they've never killed before. there's only a matter of time. your grace. find the men who did this and bring them to me. your grace, you bastard. a Winterfell, I shall take back the north from the thieves who stole it. Tywin Lannister is dead. he can't protect them. now. you want the wildlings to march in your army, we'll take Winterfell once the north is won, or declare them citizens of the realm. you told Lord Royce of going to the fingers. I did. but we're heading west. yeah. so where are? we go to a land so far from here even Cersei Lannister can't get our hands on you. you have a choice, my friend. you can stay here at Illyrio's Palace and drink yourself to death, or you can ride with me to Meereen, meet Daenerys Targaryen, and decide if the world is worth fighting for. kneel and live. I wish you good fortune in the wars to come. we all must choose. we choose the true God or the false. [Music], how's the black-and-white? this is where you'll find the man you seek. Valar morghulis, Jack and her GOG a V this. no one here by that name, but wait. [Music], only to like it in the world. the one I'm wearing, the one I gave to myself. it's a threat. I'm gonna make things better. you've never made anything better. I'm going to dawn now, bringing outdoors home. showed mercy to Mance Rayder. the Kings word is law. with respect your grace. the free folk will never follow you no matter what you do. tonight, the Nights Watch. Felix, a new Lord. Commander. ser Alliser Thorne, is going to win. kneel before me, lay your sword at my feet. pledge me your service in your rise again as Jon Stark, Lord of Winterfell. I'm gonna refuse him. you'd be Lord of Winterfell. I swore a vow to the Nights Watch as anyone wish to speak for the 998 Lord Commander of the Nights Watch. sir Alliser thorne is not just a knight. he's a man of true nobility. so Denys m'allister joined the Watchers aboard moment himself chose Jon to be his steward. he saw something in Jon, and now we've all seen it too. but he's the commander we turn to when the night was darkest. there's to be a Time. Master, you lost this. you said there was no jaqen H'ghar here. who are you then? no one. and that is wicker must become [Music], the best way to forge a lasting Alliance isn't by peeling a man's skin off. the best way is marriage. and as it happens, I found the perfect girl to solidify our hold on the north. you're not marrying Roose Bolton. no, will be marrying his son. and heir Ramsay, all my life I wanted to be John Stark. I'm no Commander of the Nights Watch. my place is here, stubborn as your father. and there's honorable winter is coming. I know it. we march on. Winterfell within the fortnight before the snows shudders, yeah. Arya Starks, sword, Arya Starks, clothes. Arya Starks, stolen silver. and man wonders, how is it that no one came to be surrounded by aya Starks things. lady Sansa, welcome will Bolton. man, traduced my son, Ramsay Bolton, welcome home. lady Stark. the North remembers the faith in the crown are the two pillars that hold up this world. one collapses, so does the other. shows almost over each other. girls inside, who'd be happy to oblige, made some kind of mystics. why don't you tell me what to speak you're chewing? and then taking you to the Queen? if I explain the holy purpose to my son, the King, I have no doubt he will sign a decree arming the believers. you felt worthy. what would you say if I told you of a great sinner in our very midst shielded by gold and privilege? Loras of house Tyrell, you have broken the laws of gods and men. I demand that ser Loras be freed. now did I arrest him? but you are in the faith, militant. you gave the high Sparrow an army. where are you doing? King's Landing? you can't leave me here. I know how hard it is to live with people you despise. believe me. but it won't be for long. he told me he smuggled Jaime Lannister into Dorne. he's come from her cellar. I'm not taking you to your sister. you said you were taking me to the Queen. I'm in Daenerys Targaryen. she's the queen. I said you're Jorah Mormont. you were spying on her, weren't you? she found out. did it? she found out and exiled you. your grace. today is the traditional start of the fighting issues. I do not recognize this tradition. traditions are the only thing that will hold this city, your city, together. I can't promise this is the answer to all our problems, but it's a start. [Music]. there's something I want to do, something that have to do, but it will divide the Nights. Watch with luck, you will find the strength to do what needs to be done. kill the boy and let a man people. and if you go north of the wall, gather the remaining free folk, wherever they are, and bring them back here. I'll open the gates from them and let them through. I'll find them lands to settle south of the wall. your people need a leader, and they need to get south of the wall before it's too late. we don't have much time and they have less. the walkers are coming, and they'll hit your people first. you're coming with me. you're the Lord Commander of the Nights Watch. they need to hear it from you. if we abandon them, you know what they become. we can learn to live with the Orleans, or we can add them to the army of the Dead. we're going to have a baby. very happy for you. from the way she's carrying. maester wolkan says, it looks like a boy. if it's a boy, you're worried about your position. my position is quite clear. I'm your son, until a better alternative comes along. have a safe journey. your grace and thank you. I know where we are. you're taking us through Valyria. the doom still rules Valyria. don't touch you. 