[Music]. the flash is just aired its 100th episode, and as always, the show is packin some big twists and reveals that definitely deserve discussion. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the season 5 milestone episode, as well as what it means for the future. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to have the big twist ruined, and I highly suggest that you turn off now. but everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. even though we've told Barry time and time again to stop messing with the timeline, episode 100 follows him and Nora travelling to key events in the show's history. one of these revisits was to the time season 2 Barry spoke with season 1 eobard thawne. but those who are scratching their head already, this was when the titular character traveled back for help from his arch-nemesis. during this encounter, thorn senses Nora and guesses that it is his daughter. whilst reminiscing and dropping names of the other versions that had died. it's here that we discover that Nora and II ibadah actually in collusion with each other and have been working together for the entire season. whilst this might immediately point her out as a villain. executive producer Todd he'll being recently revealed that she's working with him because in the future, her mother isn't telling her any information, so she goes to him for very specific info, which then leads to them building a relationship that will start to impact with the second half of the season. Jessica Parker Kennedy, who plays Nora, also stay at that. I'm really interested to see if fans enjoy it, or if they hate it, and how they feel about Nora, if they're going to like her or not like her. to me, this points out that Nora is still one of the good guys and is trying to do the right thing, but just going about it the wrong way. Nora is still quite young and naive, and she could have easily been swayed by master manipulator eobard thawne, much in the same way that he controlled Barry throughout season 1. obviously, I'm really interested in hearing your thoughts on the season, as well as where you think the storyline will go. make sure you leave your theories on the show below. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my review of this week's big trailer, Captain Marvel. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 