the only residents of a weird seaside town are adult women and young boys who end up being pregnant. welcome to total recaps. today we will explain a 2015 horror mystery, sci-fi titled evolution. take a seat and enjoy. nicholas is a little kid who, while frail, lives at the seashore with his mother. one day he notices a dead kid in the water, floating with a red starfish on his belly. he immediately rushes across the dark rocks of his town's coastline to share his findings with his mother as soon as possible. nicholas mother prepares horrible dinners, which she follows up with more medicine for her son. nicholas interrogates his mother as to the nature of his illness. his mother explains that males bodies will weaken and alter as they get older, and all boys on the island are required to receive treatments. later, they visit the beach to search for the corpse of a young boy. despite mum discovering and retrieving the starfish, she admits that the corpse is missing. after nightfall, all the moms are spotted congregating someplace on the island. they're planning on heading to the beach. nicholas mother returns with a dead corpse nicholas had found earlier. other moms surrounded as it is returned. the following day, nicholas can be seen playing with the starfish. he becomes enraged when the other kid teases him for being scared of it, and so he beats the youngster up. after that, he cuts off one of the starfish's arms. after his tantrum, his mother brings him to a hospital where he may have his regular checkups. after the doctor at the hospital injects the yellow liquid into nicolas stomach, he is ordered to remain in the hospital for one night. following the operation, nicholas is placed in a ward alongside other boys who have had a similar procedure. they begin to have doubts about the nature of their illness. nurses are seen viewing films of cesarean sections being done in the background of the scenario. at night, nicholas is discharged from the hospital the next day. and he starts to think that his mother and the nurses have lied to him about his condition. later that night, he pays a visit to his friend's home victor, and the two of them sneak out in the middle of the night to see what the moms are up to in their bedrooms. victor, on the other hand, becomes frightened while on their journey and flees back home. nicholas is determined to uncover the truth and continues his journey. when he arrives, he is taken aback by what he discovers. it seems to him that the ladies are laying together totally naked in the dirt, writhing about and transferring some item from one to another. he quickly returns to his house. a few hours later, at home, he spies on his mother as she takes a shower. he notices that she has what looks to be suckers on her back. nicholas is taken back to the hospital and given an ultrasound. they hear the heartbeat of a fetus, much to his mother's obvious delight, and she smiles. nicholas is then transferred to a hospital room where he will remain for another night as he awaits the outcome of the final operation. he meets other youngsters in that room, including his closest buddy, victor. victor is taken to the operating room later that night. immediately after the procedure, a creature is extracted from his stomach and placed in an enclosing container. victor succumbs to his injuries during the surgery. in the morning, nicholas inquires of the nurse about the whereabouts of victor. the nurse assures nicholas that victor is healing and that he should not be concerned. a conch shell is brought into the ward by a nurse who claims that victor has sent it to them on behalf of the patients. nicholas's mother pays him a visit, and she gives him something to eat. he, on the other hand, will not eat anything she prepares for him. he accuses her of not being his biological mother. they then take him away and sedate him. as he is forced to stay in the hospital, he makes a new friend, a nurse called stella. and stella seems to have a soft spot for nicholas. stella sneaks crayons into nicholas's room and paints beside him. drawings by nicholas depict a dead kid in the starfish, as well as many other objects. stella then reveals a secret to him. she hands nicholas a file containing photographs of women with suckers strapped to their backs, including one of a small child. that night, she brings him down to the sea where she shows him the suckers on her back and lets him to touch them before plunging him into the ocean. nicholas, on the other hand, passes out as a result of being in the water for too long. stella performs cardiopulmonary resuscitation on him right away. nicholas is admitted to the hospital once again. in the middle of the night, he slips into another room and meets up with one of the guys. when nicholas approaches, the kid places nicholas's palm on his own tummy. and nicholas notices that the boy's body is moving. as a result of this, he flees from the room in terror and enters a separate one. one of the lads is floating in a tank in that room, which he notices. he is apprehended a little time later by a nurse, and then he is brought to the hospital for the last operation. nicholas wakes up in a tank. after undergoing surgery, he is restrained, and he notices what seems to be two infants within the tank where he is being held. he is taken aback by what he sees and passes out. the next morning, nicholas wakes up and finds himself beside the water with stella. they enter the water once again, but this time she swims with him while pressing her lips against his, allowing him to breathe underwater. they both end up in a tiny rowboat that is drifting away from the island. after she pushes him to the surface of the water, stella sneaks back into the sea, probably in order to return to the island. nicholas remains aboard the boat, and by dark he has made his way closer to the port of a large city. and with that, the film comes to a close. [Music]. this movie is a mess and will have you perplexed in no time. so this is what's really happening. let's begin by discussing starfishes. when it's time to make starfishes generally do so with a member of the opposing sex. but a limb cut from a starfish may become a whole new starfish. they can breathe underwater thanks to their bizarre respiratory system that utilizes sea water for circulation. several of them have suckers to allow them to attach to surfaces. as you can see, evolution applies these ideas to human evolution. in this scenario, we can observe a group of humans enjoying a normal life somewhere near the ocean. no girls are grown men. later in the movie evolution, the females show the viewer that they are human-like, water-based creatures that breathe underwater. the film shows female adults with suckers on their backs, revealing that they have similar anatomy to people. they are like normal people, but they are members of a species that evolve to dwell on land. houses aren't even outside of their capabilities. however, this all-female group is simply attempting to live and provide for their tribe. they are sea going animals that feed fish and spend time swimming. it seems that there is just one method to have children. you need to place the zygote outside of the body, in the belly of a young boy. up to one point, these guys bodies can house the fetus. in order to remove the fetuses, we must first grow them outside of the body. boys may be raised in water tanks. as the fetus develops outwards, linked to the child. the doctors are treating nicholas with medicine. it's reasonable to believe that his body is getting ready to carry the fetus. the zygote is injected into him at the appropriate moment, and he admits to it. other boys are being given the same treatment at the institution. the guys have been misled to and told that their body is changing, and therefore they have to be isolated. stella has developed feelings for nicholas and has now taken an interest in his well-being. she displays to him photos of little girls with fish-like suction devices on their backs in a file. these are the embryos that have developed to their fullest potential. look at all the ladies they gathered. stella takes nicholas to swim in the ocean. i don't think she is attempting to drown him in this bath. stella is probably attempting to determine how long he can hold his breath if she has to go to the open ocean. stella rescues him, giving him cpr to resuscitate it in this hypothesis. it is assumed that young boys are being abducted from cities and brought to this beach town on a regular basis. the lads grow up and have no idea of their roots. ultimately, they perish. the hypothesis would explain why the humanoids choose to mimic human lifestyles. this would reveal how they get their items, including tv sets and surgical films. i believe they visit human cities to stock up on supplies for their family planning initiatives. thank you for watching. if you want to see more, make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications. see you later. 