[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the story of spike 2015 film. the story of spy film begins with a character named bradley fine, who is the field agent of cia, coming from party. he reaches a place taking a gun where an arms dealer is present. he says, going there, where is the bomb? you have only 10 seconds. suddenly, bradley's gun is fired, putting that man into dead meanwhile, another character named susan cooper appears, who is 40 years old lady. she is the cia analyst, and she remains in contact with bradley through the earpiece bluetooth. in the next scene, cia boss provides the weepin's information, along with others. then she displays a picture of a girl named raina on a screen. she tells about reina. she is a top-class girl. she has been living in london for the last 10 years, and she is in contact with the other terrorists organization's heads. then a man, solsa duties photo is also shown, who is al-qaeda funded. she says, we have evidence that he has machinery. the assigned mission for bradley is to bring reina here, going to his mission. bradley reaches reyna's house, while susan, sitting in the spy office, is noticing everything. she keeps an eye on each action of bradley. she continues to provide him guidance and instructions. security guards attack him as he enters the room of reyna, but bradley cracks their necks. then reyna enters the room and talks to him, pointing bradley on the gun point, as she says she knows that his name is bradley fine and he has devoted as a cia agent. then she names the other agents as matthew, chris, rick ford and karen walker. then she says, i know all your active agents. i prefer you to keep yourself away from me. then she shoots bradley. being helpless, susan cooper is just watching him online, sitting in her office, because she cannot act in any way. she takes a photo of a chip, putting aside. then she sends that photo to an employee of ciia named nancy, saying her to enhance it. enhancing that chit photo, it clears the number with the written word paris's cia boss arranges a meeting with all her employees. she says, raina will have hacked the whole system. she is reina, who is nearly to sell the tactical weapon to a terrorist organization. then cia boss declares, we don't know that where is that bomb? our analyst, susan cooper, has understood the way reina has the contact of deluca, who is working with the terrorist group. then detective is decided for deluca and reina. it is also decided that detective will be disguised. but ford disagrees on this. assigned task to susan cooper, considering her incompetent. he is the other agent of cia interviewing susan cooper. cia boss directs her on her work. she declares this task as a track and report mission. she is given a fake identity of a mother named carol, who is the mother of four kids. cia boss says, you cannot contact me directly. your task is only to track and report terrorist can possess the nuclear bomb. in case of a minute mistake. some weapons such as whistle, anti-fungal and paper spray are given to susan cooper from spy team. she is also instructed. spy employee says, it is the best thing if you sacrifice your life for the sake of your country. susan replies, i am not sacrificing myself, but returning back. she departs to paris by aircraft, disguising herself into a new look. she is afraid and also excited. then she reaches a hotel motel. ford is already in the room. as she enters there, he again reminds her, you are just spoiling the whole mission. next morning, susan leaves to search the office of deluca. reaching at the location of building, she notices the burnt office of him. then a man who is there shows her the photo of building after being burnt a bit. and there is also a suspected person in the photo entering into a hotel. he notices that suspected man outside. she chases that man, while that man is pursuing ford. then that man leaves, replacing his bomb bag with ford's backpack. susan shouts on ford, but he does not listen. going in the crowd where the concert is being held, holding a mic on the stage, she informs ford about the bag. ford finds a bomb. opening the bag, ford throws the bag into a lake situated at the back side, which causes a great explosion. the people start running to save their lives. people are secured. and susan runs after that suspected man who takes her photo. she remains in contact with nancy and tells her friend, i am pursuing him. she enters a building, chasing him. she kills her and that man is fallen down from the building. cia boss orders susan through a call to come back, but susan assures her, i can accomplish this task, and i have rescued many people. then, cia boss is again satisfied and gives her new name, penny morgan, changing her identity. now, the new identity of penny morgan is a divorced housewife, and moves to complete her mission again, with her new identity. susan goes to rome, where de luca's presence is detected. there he meets a man named aldo. aldo reveals that the whole night is spent in casino by deluca. she tries to enter the casino, but the checker says to her, your name is unlisted. ford is also there and declares her a partner, bringing her it aside. ford gets furious and says, why is she here. then susan also observes reyna, who is in the casino. then she notices a man mixing something in the drink of raina. this action is in her favor because she could take revenge. as such, because she is the killer of bradley fine. she thinks, as the secret of bomb will be lost if she dies. susan saves the life of raina, telling that there is something that has been mixed in her drink. reina becomes friendly with her. she invites her in the inner circle of her team, saying, we are leaving to budapest. reyna takes her in her private jet and tells it's my father's jet. reyna says, you are the one who brings the memory of my mama in my mind. she offers susan a drink, which makes her senseless. coming into the sense, susan knows that reina had mixed drug in her drink. it is revealed to reina that susan is a cia agent. rayna is again attacked in the jet, killing the pilot, and the aircraft begins to crash. then, going to the cockpit, susan balances the aircraft, saving it. she also saves the life of raina telling a lie. susan changes her identity again and convinces reina. she tells, reina, my name is amber valentine. i have been hired as your private bodyguard by your father. rayna agrees of her being bodyguard, but threatening as you will face the unexpected death if telling a lie. now, susan reaches budapest with reina. she is calling cia employee named nancy. while walking on the road, suddenly she is bumped with a lady who is the same employee, nancy. susan is shocked seeing her. nancy tells, i have been sent here searching for you through the help of your earpiece device. raina immediately comes after them. noticing them together, raina is attacked there. as she arrives, saving the life of raina. susan gives her charge to nancy. she goes after that attacker, who is driving a car. susan chases that car, snatching the scooter of a man. she reaches their after grade a great trouble. looking into the car, she finds spy karen walker. karen walker is a traitor who has sold the names of cia agents to reyna before attacking on susan. karen is murdered by someone. susan is seen in a new look in the next scene. then she attends a party with raina. reina says to susan, i had asked you to dress up nicely and take off your gloves. raina asks susan to keep an eye on a girl showing a photo in her mobile. ford is also there disguisedly. both quarrel but that girl arrives there, which was asked to notice. susan catches that girl going after her. that girl loses her consciousness because of susan s attack. it is all outside the party. after sometimes, reina comes to that place where susan is captivated, and bradley fine also arrives there. this scene exposes that bradley is not murdered by reina. he is still alive. susan is surprising, but reyna's security makes her unconscious. susan becomes the captiva of reyna. aldo is also imprisoned. bradley tells the whole reality coming to the place where susan is bound, he says, i had to make my death fake in order to win the trust of reina. karen walker had sold the agent's name to her, sashi is aware of our agents. i am undercover even before you, and cannot trust any member of agency. reina does not know your identity, is a spy. now i am going to meet deluca and salsa duty to know about the bomb, saying it. bradley fine leaves. susan and aldo escape from there after him. susan cooper follows bradley fine, who is on his mission related to deluca. susan cooper goes into a de luca villa taking a new car reyna and bradley had been welcomed in the villa by deluca, but he suspects bradley, knowing that he has been the agent of cia, he points his gun on him. after a suspicion, taking a gun, susan reaches there, and she tells imcia agent susan. when deluca asks about her identity, she tells she has been mistreated by cia. she is here to save the life of bradley because she cares for him. she convinces others with her conversation, winning their trust. she accepts that she can do anything rescuing the life of bradley. deluca says, all right, i accept your offer, but in case of misdoing on you or your partner, i will kill both of you. salsa duty is welcomed by deluca after his arrival. he also takes information about the package. deluca hands over him the briefcase of diamond then they are taken inside where reina shows them the nuclear bomb device. taking the site of nuclear bomb device, deluca points salsa duty on the gun point and finally shoots him. he orders his security guard to place the nuclear bomb device and briefcase filled with diamond in the helicopter. he wants to sell the diamonds to buyer. now, reina is the shooting point of deluca's gun. ford comes there weirdly. as he is about to shoot reina, ford attracts the attention of everyone. finding the chance, susan ends the men firing her gun. deluca is nearly to shoot susa cooper, but bradley comes before her, receiving the gunshot on his arm. susan loses her temper and catches deluca. de luca immediately takes his helicopter where the diamonds and device have been placed. susan cooper reaches at the exact time of helicopter's flight. she catches the landing gear of helicopter while hanging with it. then she soon moves into the helicopter. taking the device and diamonds, she throws them into the lake. de luca is got aggressive seeing it, nancy, in the other helicopter targets him using her gun, as he is going to fire his gun on susan, and he himself falls into the lake. susan controls the helicopter landing technically. nuclear bomb device is taken out from the water, while reyna is seized. cia boss and other officers also reach their appreciating susan. thanks for watching. like comment and subscribe. don't forget to hit the bell icon. 