welcome to the movie called avatar. on earth in the year 2154, human life is becoming more and more modern. they never knew what was enough. amidst the hustle and bustle. was a socially isolated ex-marine. he fought hard and bravely and ended up in a wheelchair for the rest of his life. modern science is true, but it won't help if you don't have money, big sums of money. his boring life would be more fun if he could do something meaningful. but the result was he was still banished. either way, he's happy with what he's doing. his life is now turning a new page. his brother's body was found in a murder on the outskirts of the city. he was chosen to carry out his will and unfinished business that his brother was doing. an agreement is made. he will join the rda corporation to a new planet to take the place of his brother, and then a large amount of money will be paid to him, enough for him to have his feet repaired. a long hibernation to reach pandora, a planet 4.4 million light years from earth. the air on its surface is toxic. they come here to mine ores worth millions of dollars. everyone must wear a respirator. jack hobbled down. he didn't know what awaited him ahead. jack was taken to a laboratory. there are very strange creatures called avatar. the people at the laboratory explained to him that the creatures were a copy of the navi and that they lived here. the body is 3m high. the body emits a magical blue light with many patterns, especially the very solid carbon skeleton structure. because the navi are very strong. in order to get minerals, we need to infiltrate their country by connecting the brain between avatar and humans. knowing the behavior and geography of this place, it is easy to own abundant or resources. jack tries to connect to an avatar. dr grace wishes him luck. it's hard to believe that a guy who looks as stupid as jack can fit in with the avatar in such a way. surprised with his new body, jack felt himself standing up. he happily ran out. he is an intergalactic criminal. he felt nature. this feeling was like being alive again. he happily ran around. everywhere. under his feet is the ground. yes, he likes to bury his feet more. dr grace is also here. she is another avatar. jack put the sweet fruit in his mouth, feeling the delicious taste, jack fell asleep, his consciousness returning to his human self. as a former mercenary, he found this role playing very interesting. it not only helps him experience, but also comfortably run and jump with his own feet. notice the perfect compatibility between jack and avatar. colonel querich, a rather cold-blooded person, said he would take jack on a journey to survey the geology of this place. if he does well, he will receive well-deserved rewards. the land of pandora is so beautiful. even the ugliest ones have very good textures. jack, in the expedition, crossed a waterfall, landing in a dense land. he and dr grace observed everything around everything here is huge. it also has the same features as the earth. dr grace has a lot of respect for this place. she only researches. doesn't want to destroy the two went to the house she had used to teach navi children. there were signs of gunshots here. after that, they continued walking. jack was curious about the huge flora. he reached out his hand to play a rhinoceros appeared. it was aggressive with him, and then ran away, as if to say, you are an idiot. jack thought it was afraid of jack. he laughed happily. unfortunately, behind him was a donato. it screamed at the other rhinos in the distance. losing the delicious prey, the natto turned to look at jack. the two chased each other through the forest. finally, jack lost his teammates. with survival skills, trained as a mercenary, he was lucky to survive. but was stuck here. perhaps tonight he will have to face many scary things here. in order not to be attacked. he lit a burning torch. the nighthounds here seemed to crave him. they gathered to attack him with their sharp fangs. jack risked his life to fight with only a torch in his hand. but he can't fight them. jack thought he was going to die in this place. at this moment, a navi appeared, a cool looking girl. she killed one hound. the rest just chased away. jack escaped. noticing something strange from this man. nigeria, the daughter of the king of pandora, asked him who he was and why he came here. she criticized him for causing an uproar in the place and causing her to kill an animal. noticing that jack is very mysterious, but strangely, all the seeds of the soul are slowly surrounding him, nigeria realized that this was an omen from the god awa. she decided to take jack to the tribe where she resides, where the navi people live. jack realized this place is very beautiful at night. a long way to reach the tree of souls. the navi dwell in this tree. no one liked him, especially nyquirie's fiancees. after some consideration, there was a certain connection that made nyquiri's mother decide to keep jack. recruiting jack to let him live with the tribe, princess nitiri will be responsible for training jack to become a true member of the tribe. nigeria is very difficult. she leads him to the place where the navi sleep. avatar sleeping will be the time when jack has to wake up. he is like a lost soul in the world of the navi people. dr grace was quite surprised by his return and survival. she couldn't believe that jack had been adopted by the navi tribe. this is perhaps an important step to make the investigation plan more convenient. this is perhaps an important step forward for faster research planning. back to the tribe today, nigeria will teach him how to ride a horse. it is quite difficult to start hunting and become a real hunter. nigeria's fiancee hates jack very much. he tries to mock and provoke jack. nye. terry only smiled faintly, and the two continued their lesson. after careful analysis, colonel quarich determined the location of abundant or reserves located right under the tree of souls. jack deciphers the structure of the tree, how the navi climb. it is a tree with a structure that is very difficult to tear down. seeing through querich's thoughts, dr grace knew that no peace would be kept here. she secretly convinces jack to leave a lab car together and tell squarish that this is only to make research easier. their destination was one of the beautiful hanging mountains, a safe place to hide at pandora naitiri continue to teach jack how to master she teaches him to ride a horse to become a true hunter. he has gradually become used to challenges. has the ability to listen to the underground circuit, to see the connection between species. if he doesn't keep up with the lessons she teaches, jack will be left behind. his survival skills are becoming more and more mature. she introduces him to the dragon cairn. to become a true hunter, he must choose a cairn for himself, and it must also choose him. but how? when he is ready, it will only serve a master for the rest of its life. when it connects its ears to the ends of his hair. naitiri talks about the deep connection between humans and the jungle. here an energy system that runs through all living things. it is the energy of the god awa. everything is ready. jack is now brave enough to take on the final challenge that every hunter must go through, that is learning how to ride a cairn. but to do that, he must first get to karen's place. the road to kara's place is as steep as the road to the sky. jack panted. this is a sky of dragons. night, terry's fiance suggested that jack be the first to take up the challenge. the only way to know that karen has chosen him is if it will try to kill the owner. jack has only one chance. all karen avoid him like they avoid covid. only one of them stays. karen seemed to be challenging jack to catch it. jack jumped on it to control garen frantically fought back. it knocked jack down the mountain. jack did not give up, trying to tame it again. the two struggled for a long time. jack trying to control it. connection is formed. karen can now understand jack's language. it obediently listened to him. the first flight of jack's life begins, which he will never forget. sure, it took some time to get used to karen. he and karen got to know each other better, so the control also became easy. overcoming the clouds, jack first saw the tree of the soul, a forbidden area that no outsider is allowed to enter. when jack and master riding karen, they go hunting together. jack is like a cold-blooded hunter in the air. naitiri was very excited about it. all the effort she put into teaching this boy was not in vain. on the way back, they happily joked with each other. a giant torrec attacked him. and nigeria a dragon named the last shadow. if you meet it, you will never have a chance to see the knight or the sun again. toric attacks jack terribly. the two hide into the forest. jack said nitiri followed him into a net of roots in the forest. the toric was helpless. it screamed and disappeared. they laughed with delight. naitiri told him about the prehistoric toric. the last person able to ride torek was her grandfather. everything with jack seemed to be reversed. everything is like a dream. but the world in pandora is real. because he was in avatar for so long, he lost a lot of weight. looking at his legs made him even sadder. colonel quirich says, thank you for your valuable information. you know this place completely. the rest he will do. jack can now safely return to earth and receive his deserved reward. jack said he needed time to negotiate with the navi to let them go instead of killing them to get the ore. querich responded to him with a meaningless laugh. spending time with the navi tribe, overcoming challenges to become a professional hunter. jack is officially merged, a man of pandora, recognized and united by the whole tribe. nigeria took him to the tree of souls, a sacred land, to pray. jack can feel the voice of his ancestors inside awa. naitiri began to suggest to him about choosing a girl for his life. but no, jack has already chosen for himself. nigeria understood. the two stood together happily and peacefully. in front of the certification from the god awa. they swore to be lifelong friends. they shared passionate kisses and fell asleep. when jack sleeps, the real person in him wakes up. when nigeria opened his eyes, she discovered that the tree of souls had been vandalized. she tried to shake jack up, but to no avail. all the best weapons were dispatched by colonel quarish. jack woke up, understood what was going on. he signaled them to stop, but no jack jumped up and smashed the camera and their control center. the things jack did, colonel querich saw clearly at this moment he was officially going to die. the magic tree was cut down. a heartbreaking scene occurred. escaping and returning nigeria finds her father planning a battle to protect the clan. the queer, rich army breaks into the impact lab, causing jack to pass out in an instant. just waiting for that night, terry's fiance wanted to end jack's life because he knew these two were married. jack is captured by querich. he exposes jack's betrayal for getting the original target agreed upon. dr grace explains to querich about this mystical connection. there are more connections here than neurons in the human head. so the navi will do their best to protect it. the wealth in this place is not only on the ground, but right around us. please protect all species thinking dr grace inhaled delusional drugs. querage ignored all words. he decided to use war to get what he wanted. witnessing the tragic scene, jack was very pitiful. unwilling to see children and animals being killed. jack asks commander selfridge to give him a chance to convince them he has only one hour here. jack said he was sent by god to negotiate with the clan. please leave quickly before the army arrives. nigeria was shocked at this fact. it turned out that jack knew this day would come. he deceived her, deceived everyone. the whole clan was indignant. the one who hurt the most was nigeria. she said, he would never be one of ours. they decide to tie up jack and dr grace. no matter how much he wants them to leave, the navi will stay and fight. the power of humans is so terrible. an entire pandora area has been ravaged to only fire, smoke and black. witnessing her subjects being killed, nigeria's mother came to untie jack and said, if you are our son, save the forest. many lives are killed innocently. nothing is more sad than war. the common house that covered the whole sky of pandora suddenly uprooted and shook people see the tree stump leaning the scene was really sad. losing the magic tree is losing its roots. the navi mourned in vain. they had to find a way to hide deep in the forest. pandora is left with nothing, with nothing left to lose, a destroyed paradise. only the crying and lamentation remained. there were no tears to express their sadness. jack was very indignant. and disgruntled. nigeria saw her father's body lying on the ground. she was very sad. she chased jack out of here, never to come back here again. disappointed with himself, frustrated with all the good goals of a life that jack had, jack sees himself as a failure. jack is once again taken out of the avatar device by quarage. there is no other way to secretly remove the laboratory from this place, away from the dictator querage. unfortunately, dr grace was hit by a shot. they quickly find a shelter to continue with the avatar mission. an outcast, jack is dropped into a place where no one can see. only karen is still his. the decision to tame toric was a reckless one. the last place the navi could take refuge and hide it is under the tree of souls. all the hurt the wishes, they prayed together, hoping to be healed, physically and mentally. suddenly, a dark shadow enveloped them, and in the distance, people saw a very scary torah coming towards them. all were surprised and unbelievable. jack rode the majestic toric. the day he returned, he brought with him the power of the last darkness, the power of legend. whoever owns torah can win every battle. nigeria felt safer and more confident in her man. jack persuaded, looking forward to nigeria's ex-fiance to cooperate and unite to fight to protect all peoples. the two shook hands with determination. dr grace is on the verge of death. jack asks the villagers to help her a lifetime of research. dr grace is now free to feel the magical connection, the strength that ay was mother is trying to give her so she can survive, because the wound was too severe to heal. dr grace happily closed her eyes. she said, i have met aywa. she is real. standing before the clan majestically, jack evoked the will to fight. go with the wind. call the clans here. tell the clans that torek is calling them. we're going to show people that they can't take what they want for this is our land. all the navi arose. they flew to the horizon, to the horse riding clans of the plains, to the icaron of the east sea. once torret called, they would come. using surveillance equipment. kurich noticed a spike in the population density of the pandora region. he understood that it had to be stopped sooner, before the number of people here was stronger than him. kurich decided to drop heavy bombs on the pandora region. what an inhuman act. jack understands that his job is to try to stop this. weapons without affection were dropped in heaven and on earth, the ground trembled. the horse tribe was approaching. the number is as large as the army. right now, in the air, kurich orders the bombs to be dropped on what is known as their gate to heaven. little did they know that jack's army was already in ambush. jack quickly led the encirclement. army directly attacking the driver's cockpit. one by one, the helicopter was tossed around like a toy. distracted, kurich decides to teach these harassers a lesson. right now, underground, the army was fighting the horse clan. although the number of clans was very large, they could not resist the reign of bullets. the two teams fought fiercely. the fire above was blazing at this point querich sent someone to drop cannons on the ground. realizing that the situation could not be better, one of jack's teammates tried to signal him to retreat. jack now understood the situation, he piloted torik to fly towards the forest, when he was suddenly attacked. quarish continuously opened fire on him with all the ammo he had, thinking he was about to die. fortunately, he was rescued by his teammates. but then her helicopter also received a bullet. at this point, nigeria was chased relentlessly. she tried to go deeper into the forest. her karen, was hit by a bullet. it no longer had the strength to fly, and both she and karen collapsed. the friend who would stick with nigeria for the rest of her life was no longer there. she hated to see her compatriots killed. only hatred remains and death. relatives fell one by one at awa's mother's feet. who could save it? everything burned in night terry's eyes, she despaired. jack received no signal from his friends. aywa's mother seemed to see through the threat. the animals in the forest suddenly became more aggressive. they have a common goal, only to attack those armed men. at this point, no one can predict a was mother heard jack's prayer. anyone who wants to invade something that doesn't belong to them will have to die. the army completely succumbed. colonel quarid could not have foreseen querich is ready to drop bombs. jack has 30 seconds to finish them all. with an understanding of fighter aircraft structure. jack threw a grenade to destroy the wing. grenades fell inside. the plane flew sideways, lost balance and fell and explode. boom. now it's time to deal with the queer, rich leader. he's smarter than jack thought. jack is also smart, but slower than him. jack fell, and querich didn't die. he controlled the robot to jump into the forest to find jack. unfortunately, the place where cueric fell was near the experimental carriage jack and his teammates were hiding in. this time. he amused. cueric was about to let jack die in his sleep, when suddenly, nigeria came riding with a donato. from behind. it attacked query. in a rush, querich beat it up. unfortunately, it was defeated. he brutally killed the beast and threw it down. nigeria couldn't get out. at this point, the final blow will be for nigeria. jack appeared. he slashed the big knife into the old man's face without an oxygen mask, making it difficult for him to breathe. querich thought, what if jack had trouble breathing, like me? so querich smashes open the door of the lab car, looking for jack. without waiting, jack tried to stab querich to death. it's not okay. his real self is really starved of oxygen. he's having a hard time breathing. just waiting for that, querish easily kills jack with the knife. but the one who really had to die was him. somehow, nigeria managed to break free from the encirclement. she holds the bow to kill the dictator, greedy. not far away, jack was trying to get out, looking for an oxygen mask, but he couldn't reach it. realizing the real jack is in there, nigeria tries to find this is the first time she gets to see the real him. jack in the flesh was in front of her. fortunately, he was still alive. back to pandora, jack has a lot of work to do. nigeria's ex-fiance seeds the throne to him. he is dying and can't carry the kingdom. hope jack quickly and this pain, humans are banished to where they belong and are not allowed to return. under the tree of souls, the king of pandora officially swapped his soul for the avatar. jack's life will forever belong to this sacred place. this is the end of the movie. see you in the next movie. thank you for watching the movie. 