hi guys. sci-fi recapped here before we start. morning. spoilers ahead. today, i'm going to explain a 2015 science fiction live action movie called assassination classroom. this movie has a very unique concept about the relationship between students and teacher, and also has a very deep moral story behind it. make sure to watch it till the end to find out. the movie begins with a giant explosion that destroys seventy percent of the moon, giving its permanent crescent moon fixture. back on earth, the japanese's military attempts to launch an attack on a mysterious creature, but unfortunately, all of the soldiers are wiped out by an octopus lookalike monster. the monster itself is suspected to be the culprit behind the destruction of the moon and plans to destroy earth as well. at kunigioka junior high one of prestigious private schools in tokyo, students, especially who are currently in their third years, are required to excel in all the fields of their education, or they will get transferred to a remedial class called class 3e. students at class 3u will study at a separate building, which is located about one kilometer away from the main school building. surprisingly, the same monster with a yellow rounded face, who is responsible for the moon destruction and plans to do the same to earth by march next year, is going to be the teacher for the class 3e students. tatomi karasima, representative from the ministry of defence, explains that the monster's speed is unmatched and urges the students from the class to kill the weird creature before next year. the creature also adds that he has made an agreement with the government to teach at class 3e in order to delay his plan to destroy the earth. in order to kill him, the students have to use specially made bullets and weapons from the ministry of defense, which are harmless to humans, but deadly to the yellow creature. before he leaves, kurasama mentions that the reward for a successful assassination will be 10 billion yen, which made all students encouraged. in order to assist the students, arena, a highly skilled assassin, is also hired to kill the creature, but she fails. since then, arena also does a part-time job to become their english teacher. after that, the class is officially named assassination classroom. nagisa is the main protagonist of the movie. despite his passive and shy personality, he is a very observant person. he tends to pay strict attention to his new teacher in order to understand his motives, and compiles all the information in his notes for reference. the first attempt of killing happens when the yellow creature is teaching at the class equipped with knife and bombs installed on nagisa. he approaches his teacher to submit his assignment, and suddenly, his friend detonates the bombs, almost killing nagisa himself. but unfortunately, the plan fails as the teacher manages to dodge the explosion. not only that, the failed attempt also makes the teacher angry, as it almost kills one of his students. he threatens to kill all the students relatives if they redo such silly things. again, since the creature seems to be unkillable and he is also a teacher, the class decides to name him cora sensei. despite being full aware that he is the main target of the assassination. koro sensei is able to bond with class 3, who in turn regard him as their indispensable teacher throughout the school term. karma akabane, who previously was a student from a class and has recently come out of his suspension due to protecting former class iii e student from being bullied, joins the class. he is a very smart student, as he manages to trick koro sensei when he meets him for the first time. despite his academic excellence, karma seems to be arrogant and overconfident. cora sensei then tries to fix his bad attitude in several ways. after school, parma and nagisa are approached by cora sensei. karma asks whether the teacher would risk his life to protect one of his students and challenge him to do so. but it is actually his plan to put koro sensei at his weak spot and then try to kill him. karma suddenly jumps off the hill while pointing his gun to the teacher. but somehow koro sensei manages to rescue his student thanks to his very elastic, unlimited tentacles. even though his plan fails, karma doesn't give up and tells the creature that he will kill him someday. because karasuma's strategy shows no progress. his supervisor decides to deploy a transfer student to the class 3e in order to kill the creature. it's an ai installed in a box called ritsu. ritsu was programmed to only aim at koro sensei and is equipped with a lot of advanced military weapons. but the teacher manages to dodge all the bullets. the arrival of ritsu makes students uncomfortable because it keeps firing while class is being conducted. the students even have to pick up the bullets later. because of that, the students decide to lock her with duct tape and chain. one day, cora sensei approaches ritsu and gives it some advice, which is to encourage it to collaborate with other students. cora sensei then gives ritsu some data for the ai to learn. the next day, ritsu can now express some expressions. she also creates a phone application in order to deepen her friendship with the students. when the class is about to start, out of nowhere, a strange kid named datona breaks into the classroom. he claims himself to be stronger than cora sensei and challenges him to duel. after class, it turns out that atono also has tentacles as his main weapon. seeing the tentacles, poro sensei becomes very angry as he asks atona, where did the tentacles come from? but itona ignores cora sensei and continues to attack. he almost kills cora sensei and gets koro sensei cornered. but cora sensei manages to beat the kid with the same weapon the students use and throw him out of the class etona then is carried away from the school by his white cloak guardian after losing the match. after school, poro sensei is asked by his students about his real intention to teach the class. he replies that he does that to fulfill a promise he made to someone, to get closer to his students. cora sensei conducts assassination training camp where he uses his mock speed to teach each student separately with targeted revisions for their worst subjects. one night, cora sensei sneaks into the girl's room and is forced by the female students to share his love life stories. but he then avoids the question and runs away. a few moments later, karossima's role is replaced by takaoka an experienced drill inspector focused on pe because he is not making progress at all in the assassination mission. at first, takoka seems to be very cheerful and put a lot of attention towards his students. but arena manages to dig deeper into takoka's background and figures out that he is a very violent person. the real takaoka is displayed when he does physical abuse to one of his students. karasama manages to prevent him from doing something worse to the students. instead, takoka challenges one of the students to duel. kurosuma sees the assassination talent within the gisa and asks him to battle with the root instructor. with calmness and an unpredictable move he manages to bring takoka down. because nagisa wins, the instructor has to leave the school with shame. the next day, one of the students, okuda, gives koro sensei a poison, which turns out later to be sodium hydroxide, and asks him to drink it. instead of killing him, the poison just boosts koro sensei's power because it stimulates his cells cora sensei then continues his lesson, but suddenly the students ask him why they need to study if they can get 10 billion yen by killing him? after that, koro sensei gathers all his students, including arena and karassima, at the field to motivate them. he explains that a confident assassin will always have a backup plan they can rely on. this backup means the lesson that the students learn for the future they will have if they're not the one that kills cora sensei. cora sensei also shows off his ability to steal military stuff, telling the students that they have to excel in everything in order to be magnificent assassins and kill him. final exam is coming soon, and to motivate his students to gain excellent marks for a sensei promises that the top students of five academic subjects will be awarded a chance to cut off his tentacles, which will greatly slow him down, meaning that the possibility of assassinating him increases. since then, with his mock speed ability, cora sensei gives his students a first-hand experience of learning by bringing them to places where they can learn certain subjects directly. the result of the final exam is announced. nakamura, okuda and karma managed to get the highest marks for english, science and mathematics. also, there are three more students who manage to excel in home economics. thus the six students will have the opportunity to destroy koro sensei's tentacles. one of the students suggests to plan the assassination during the summer holiday, and the class agrees. the students are doing some preparations to ensure that the assassination will be successful with the right strategy. the execution day has come. eventually, they managed to bind cora sensei and begin the attack. thanks to negis's observation, the class manages to discover one of corosense's weaknesses, which is water, and transform the arena into a water park. for the final blow, two students launch their final shots, resulting in cora sensei suddenly exploding. however, koro sensei transforms into a ball, which is his absolute form, to avoid being killed. suddenly, takoka and his fellows confront class 3e, claiming to be the culprit who poisoned several students. takaoka offers to trade the antidotes for cora sensei. nagisa and karma team up to protect cora sensei from atona, who is now working for takoka. while the other students try to find the cure for the poison students, nagisa and karma are no match to atona's power as they struggle to beat him. but suddenly, as planned, a heavy rain occurs, which weakens atona's tentacle power. in the end of the battle, nagisa manages to cut off the tentacles from atona. unfortunately, they are informed by ritsu that takoka has kidnapped one of the students and threatens to kill her. thanks to nagisa's intelligence, they managed to trick takoka with a fake ball, and the students managed to turn over the table, punishing takoka and his fellows with their own weapons. at the end of the film, poro sensei is brought to the military facility. seeing that koro corosensei is vulnerable, the government proceeds to do a public execution in front of his grieving students. before execution, cora sensei says his final words, telling that his students have shown very good progress during the semester. however, it's not that easy to kill cora sensei. he manages to survive the execution and is allowed to continue teaching class 3e for the second term, making class 3 the assassination classroom. again with a tone and now enrolling permanently. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like to help the channel out. thank you for watching. 