but fall of again. let me start by saying, if the first time you meet a woman, she doesn't know you're there, you may be due for harpoon and ass the stars of our movie today. ah, somebody will know somebody where you never saw before. somebody will care about somebody who shows some leg blue. our story begins with some narration about the in the beginning. and let me just say, this guy yappin here ain't no Carl Sagan. so, long story short, the universe toot it, and there's a planet with some stuff on us, where this geologists finds a fossil and hacks it off. and set up is only a movie geologists would and I'm not saying this is where they got the idea for the hand in the Terminator, but I think this is where they got the idea for the hand in Terminator. and yeah, if you watch southern frankenstein, you'll see the frankenstein falls into itself, uh, springing. dammit. I'm not saying it that's where they got the idea for the in Terminator 2. but what the heavy horse does? this may have to do with Millennials. probably not a damn thing around, tired and felt like attention, as I caved you. and don't ask me why there would be a fossil sticking out of a rock when there's a live one right in there. I can't know everything over here at Instituto. they build a here maritima. no, yeah. and Jeff knows a little Spanish. you adorable little quesadillas. oh, that's a pretty little chica right down. then Colonel Sanders brings his diver, some KFC, just playing. that's a geologist looking for his fish expert to try and identify that. and he chopped out of that rock. this was back in the day when you had no filter, and if your body was ugly in real life and you took selfies, that just stayed ugly. they have a long discussion with some man with some money about evolution and how we going to manage where we take over the universe. so they all agree to go out looking for the rest of the fossil from which they hacked off this here creep pan. but what they don't know is, my man is still kicking and killing his self defense. lintons and machetes flying every which way. who could blame the poor scaly Bastardo showing off more my espanol. then they all get all readers on the reader. it's a boat. damn. row, row, row, your reader gently down the Amazon. oh, you thought Amazon was a place where you just stream worthless drivel like flights, ace, ace, ace and six in the city. and now they find the bodies, while they leave the lovely chica to get almost assaulted by the fishy fella. so the fish expert, the money man, some doctor, what's-his-face, and Colonel Sanders, who has relieved himself of his boat, I go to dig up the rest of the fossil and can't find it. so back to rolling on the river like Ike and Tina, looking for the fossil they think got washed away. and now for some scuba diving in primitive gear and booty shots. oh, lordy, I just hope they wearing some waterproof drawers, because I've done hurt. all about that penis fish in the Amazon that likes to work his way up the weenie. Oh, boom. [ __ ] is me, Gill man. guess what? I'm not really dead. take a lesson here. creature. this how you get a woman. you pick up some seaweed and you be like, ain't no River wide enough to keep me from getting to you, babe. look how impressed she is. she's feeling so amorous, so high on her seaweed, that she decided to go. Greg Louganis fronting. then Esther Williams fronting, where the creature is lurking, eyes wide, gills erect, trying to snatch him honey. because come to think of it, I bet that Omni hacked up came off his Gill wall. man. he don't want to be lonely no more more. Esther Williams, who the hell does this in the middle of the day of Amazon now, creature dead a sexy. do you see ugly, unwanted humans that resemble men run around creeping on women to think they nasty? okay, well doubt those allegations against James Franco and Matt Lauer and most of the male's resembling humans in Washington DC. okay, well, yeah, maybe sometimes that is true. but what I'm trying to say is, back up, slimy seaweed creeper. and then this guy, Lucas, is like, Chico, pull up the anchor, Chico. damn, I'm gonna be bilingual before this movie's over. so they get the bathing booty out of the water, and creature literally rocks the boat. don't rock the boat, baby. so I guess he was caught in it, because I don't think some little, innocent Amazon fishes could make a hole that size. and I'm sorry, but y'all are seriously dumb, because you don't go pursuing a creature that can fight his way out of a net that size and then leaves behind a claw that can open your arm. both cans of spam. but they gotta go with my man again, trying to get pictures of him. that's a hell of a camera. the other ones just trying to take his body back, dead or alive. and then if I Paul bit and then they come up and argue and try to develop some pictures. and he's shocked to see this is. he couldn't get an immediate view of it on his iPhone. the slime investor doesn't swim away. he left him with nothing but a shot of some sad seaweed. and then Gill man gets on the Rita and makes chica go, adios, adios. so we do what we do to all things we don't understand. we try to attempt it so we can control it and study it to figure out how we can make it conform. but not this local. he just wanted to body. he's like, I'm a cure, that old bastard. but then they just sit around with their thumbs up their readers, until creature comes to do what creature does. and then they go looking for him again. and while he's dumped in, daisy dukes scope out the underwater cavern, creatures staggers his Dazed and Confused back to the only thing he really wants. and I know one bites the dust, but they got those green glutes. now I assume that green. I know this movie black and white, but all the drones had him green, so I can only imagine that includes his. I don't know I've ever seen a full color picture of creatures. I need to get on that. oh, he's awake. and I don't know who taught that little bamboo cage was gonna keep that Jolly Green Giant contained, but spoiler alert, it don't. then doctor what's-his-face wave a lantern and creatures face. and creature act exactly like me when somebody tried to make me watch the new Lion King. then he go down in flames, just like Jesse James. and now the doctor, what's his face? face off, though. no, damn. I mean, oh, damn. and there's a fight, and then he says, Lucas, stand by the winch and maybe I've read too much Shakespeare, because I swear to sweet the first time I saw this movie, I thought he was referring to I move hair. then back into the water. and big dummy gotta show up again. and there's a long chase and a long fight. skip. well, I'll teach you. then there's another long sigh, skip. and then they're able to pull down - damn, damn. Oh. y'all never notice creature had about one two-minute lip injections. but he gets the girl, and they live happily ever after the end. okay, now they don't, because I bay shows up, and so the other two survived, and they shoot him until he is dead, dead, dead. oh, so we assumed, until we realize there are sequels. elfine, be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular fix of meth. though I know lately I've been a little regular. so I'm at a some Metamucil or something. thank you to these special bits for holding this channel down and making sure y'all almost always get three videos a month. Mario dis a, whiskey. Gabriela see, Michelle. WP g FJ raspberries. David see, Kelly s car OS, Brian P David M Dan wo Anna. m JK, donna, g melon, am brandon, CT, adrian PTO. and justin be, almost all of my videos get claimed by the studios. and if not for these folks, there would be no myth. you know, does not. oh, thank you all. take care of mucho for movies. explain for I'm jab o. die. final line. oh, I wrote it, so I know that I need to write a final line. whoops. 