welcome to the falcon and the winter soldier. episode three, crammed. well, it looks like seven years of good behavior has gotten zemo downgraded to a medium-security prison since civil war, and bucky talks to him alone. helmut only used the winter soldier as a means to an end, but the news that there's more super soldiers out in the world again disturbs him too. so willing to break the rules for some more info, bucky helps create a distraction by starting a prison riot and provides zemo with what he needs to escape on his own, much to sam's surprise. but they will be keeping him on a tight leash. meanwhile, john walker is two steps behind everything and treated like a joke by those loyal to the flag smashers, so decides instead to just keep an eye on what sam and bucky get up to. zemo is a baron as well as a former intelligence officer, and has access to resources like his old combat gear and a private jet. he takes an interest in bucky's list of names, which is not appreciated. and both the younger men give barnes a hard time for not loving marvin gaye. helmut is flying them to magidepod, a kind of lawless island nation near indonesia that's a haven for those keeping off the grid in order to blend in. sam is posing as the smiling tiger, and bucky pretends to be his old winter soldier self. under zemo's control, the low town underworld is run by the power broker, the same person who's also chasing down the flag smashes. but they're here to see someone called selby. and after a little bit of public hydra assassin flexing by bucky to prove that they're cool enough to hang out, they get a face to face selby knows the location of the scientist, but was last working on the super soldier serum. but sam gets a loudspeaker call from his sister that blows their cover. just before selby is killed by a sniper. the boys escape under gunfire to discover that their retreat is being covered by former shield agent 13. sharon carter. unlike the ex-boyfriend club, she never handed herself in after civil war to receive a pardon, and has been selling stolen art on the black market and hosting private parties ever since. so sam offers to help her get her name cleared in return for some assistance, despite her jaded outlook. and she takes them to the magi deport dockyards to the secret laboratory of dr wilfried nagle. after hydra fell, he was picked up by the cia to optimize the super soldier serum using the blood samples taken from isaiah. and he then ended up here, where he made 20 complete samples for the power broker before they were stolen by carly morgenfeld's flag smashers. meanwhile, the whole time that they're getting this information, sharon carter is outside stopping bounty hunters sent by the power broker from interfering by striking them with hit-and-run combat techniques and aggressive takedowns. but zemo continues his own agenda by suddenly killing the scientist just before the power brokers men up their game and blow up the lab. so the team starts shooting their way out of the situation, and baron zemo takes on his comic book look for a moment before finishing off the attackers and stealing a nice car. sharon's not going with them, however, as she has her own things to do. and the boys fly out to a safe house. meanwhile, the flag smashers are continuing to raid for global repatriation council supply depots that are stockpiling months worth of medicine and food in order to actually hand it out to the displaced refugees. they were former mob security members from mad deport before injecting themselves with the serum they stole and taking on the robin hood mantle to help those in the camps, except that carly is willing to go the extra step and also kill people in order to send a clear message. and as they head to a safe house, the white wolf stops to take a walk around the area because he spotted some familiar surveillance technology, and takes a moment to say hello to one of the royal guards from wakanda who have come for zebo, the man who blew up their former king. oh my god. so thanks a lot for watching. you are very handsome. so make sure you've hit that subscribe button if you found this episode useful. and that way i'll see you next time. take care. 