[Music], hey everyone. welcome back to movie recap. today i'm going to show you a 2013 american science fiction monster film called pacific rim the film begins in 2013. deep beneath the pacific ocean, a fissure opens up that leads to another dimension. through the fissure, a giant monster appears and destroys portions of san francisco. after several days and countless lives, the creature is defeated by human military forces. however, what seemed to be an isolated attack builds as more creatures begin to come through the fissure, attacking coastal cities around the pacific. the world unites to stop the invaders and develop the jaeger program, a series of giant mechanical monsters intended to stop the creatures. original tests to have one pilot project prove unsuccessful, as the test subjects were not able to handle the stress and strain of controlling such a huge robot by themselves. it was then decided that each jaeger would be piloted by two pilots, their memories linked together in the drift, synchronizing their movements to maneuver the massive machines. as the jaegers go to work. they begin to turn the tide and take down the creatures, which are named kaiju. pretty soon, the world is enthralled by the jaegers and their pilots. they become celebrities and even have merchandise made as well. the dead kaiju are soon seen as a black market commodity, their parts sold off for various collections and medicinal purposes. though many of their bodily fluids are toxic and cause severe environmental pollution. but just as the war seems to be turning in humanity's favour, the kaiju's attacks become more frequent and more brutal. in 2020, seven years after the fissure opened, one of the more famous jaeger duos, raleigh beckett and his older brother, yancey, have become heroes with an impeccable record of defeating cages pilots of the yeager name gypsy danger, they are sent off to stop a category 3 kaiju heading towards anchorage. the beast is larger and more powerful than previous category threes and will be a challenge for the team. though the information on their monitors shows a fishing boat in the path of the attack, the beckets are told their priority is to protect anchorage. [Music]. disobeying orders, the two still save the fishing boat, but end up being brutally attacked by the kaiju, which rips off the gypsy danger's left arm and tears away a chunk of the vehicle's helmet, sending yancy to his death. raleigh barely manages to pile a gypsy danger on his own and finishes the battle using the robot's giant plasma blaster to kill the creature. raleigh later pilots the jaeger to a remote beach where it finally collapses. raleigh walks out bearing injuries from the battle, because of the drift, yeager pilots experience the same injuries that their mechanical counterparts do, and collapses on the beach too exhausted and emotionally devastated from his brother's death after the attack, raleigh leaves the jugger program and goes to find work wherever he can. five years later, he finds work along the western coast of the united states as a construction worker, helping build a giant coastal wall that is meant to keep the kaiju out. in the five years since raleigh was with the jaeger program, numerous countries have called for the program to be terminated due to spiraling casualties of jugger pilots in the increased kaiju attacks and the enormous cost of keeping it funded. many assume that building the coastal barriers will make them safe, but the head of the program, stacker pentecost, claims that the world's leaders are making a terrible mistake. even though pentecost claims the program is still viable, it is relocated to hong kong and given eight months of funding before the program will be permanently retired. working on the wall near sikh of alaska, raleigh sees television reports that the kaiju has broken through the wall surrounding sydney harbour in australia. luckily, a yeager named striker eureka is able to take it down. after seeing the news report, raleigh is surprised when a helicopter lands near his construction area, with pentecost requesting he come along. raleigh is reluctant to join the jaeger program again. however, pentecost convinces him that he belongs in the pilot's seat raleigh is then flown to the hong kong base known as the shatter dome, where he meets mako mori. mako tells raleigh that she has studied his moves during his years in action as a yeager pilot. raleigh notes she seems apprehensive. pentecost also introduces raleigh to two scientists under their command. one of them, dr newton geisler, is an obsessive kaiju fanboy who studies the creatures through salvaged organs and other parts. the other is dr gottlieb, who is a more practical man, using his mathematical knowledge to try and pinpoint the frequency of creatures coming through the ocean. rift. within the shatter dome, the last remaining jaegers and their crews have been assembled, the three pilot crimson typhoon from china, cherno alpha from russia, striker eureka, fresh from its stint in australia, and to raleigh's surprise, gypsy danger. however, since her encounter five years ago, she has been rebuilt and retrofitted for more extreme combat. raleigh questions pentecost on just what their plan is. pentecost explains that are formulating a plan to drop a nuclear weapon into the channel between dimensions. if it works, the channel will be destroyed, stopping any further kaiju from coming through. though the plan of attacking the channel has failed in the past, the program's leaders are confident they will be successful this time, if all the remaining jaegers attack simultaneously. [Music]. pentecost, soon after, meets again with geisler and gottlieb. gottlieb predicts that, mathematically, the number of kaiju coming up through the rift is increasing. jaisal, meanwhile, wonders if they can learn more about the kaiju if they are able to drift with its brain. having a portion of one, he is eager to test his theory, but is denied by pentecost, who decides to follow gottlieb's research [Music] without his brother, raleigh is tasked with helping to find a replacement. however, during a training and reflex exercise, raleigh becomes irritated when mako keeps calling him out regarding the number of moves to take down his opponent. inquiring why she is being so vocal, she responds that he could have taken down his opponents with a shorter amount of moves. after winning approval from pentecost, raleigh spars with her and is amazed at her prowess. he proclaims that she should help him co-pilot gypsy danger, but pentecost refuses. eventually another pilot is chosen for raleigh, but at the last minute, mako is given permission. a test run of gypsy danger within the shatter dome appears to be going well, until during the drift session, mako gets locked into a tragic memory and almost sets off the juggers plasma cannon within the dome. following the incident, raleigh understands more about mako and pentecost. when mako was a child, she lost her family to a kaiju attack in tokyo. just when it seemed the creature was going to kill her, a jaeger was deployed that stopped it. the pilot of the jaeger was pentecost himself. even with her becoming unfocused in the drift, raleigh still wants mako as his partner, but is again rebuffed by pentecost. meanwhile, dr geisler has hooked up a crude connection machine and hooks into the kaiju brain in his lap. the strain of the drift is quite overwhelming for geisler, and gottlieb shuts it down. geisler reports to pentecost and his men that the link allowed him a glimpse into the other side of the portal. geisler had theorized that, based on some kaiju samples, that what they were seeing coming through were cloned creatures, and his drift vision appears to corroborate the theory. unfortunately, the kaiju brain has been damaged, and jaisaller needs a fresher brain in order to learn more. pentacus gives him a small card and sends him to hong kong to look for a man named hannibal chow. [Music]. shortly after their discussion, two category four cages surface near hong kong. pentecost sends out crimson typhoon and the cherno alpha to fight the creatures with striker eureka as backup to protect the city's coastline. just as discussion had seemed to point to the kaiju becoming more dangerous, the two that have emerged come with extra accouterments. one possesses a pouch in its throat containing acid that melts away cherno alpha's armor, severely disabling it. crimson typhoon's crew take her into the fight, but she is soon overwhelmed by one of the kaiju that uses a clawed tail to rip off the jaeger's head. cherno is attacked by the larger of the two kaiju and defeated when they're forced underwater and the monster crushes their reactor, drowning both pilots. [Music], the father-son team piloting striker eureka abandoned their orders to protect hong kong and go at the creatures. however, the other kaiju lets loose an emp burst that disables striker eureka and the equipment in the shatter dome. with two hours until the system can be rebooted. striker eureka is dead in the water, until raleigh offers a solution. though the newer models of jaeger are digital, the gypsy danger is analog, and thus more resistant to emp attacks. [Music] pentecost sends out raleigh and mako, who end up destroying the emp armed kaiju after a protracted battle. but the other one ends up heading into hong kong, while chow and his associates have fled to their bunker. dr geisler has been thrown out into the streets by chao to hide in a public fallout shelter. however, when it sounds like the creature has settled directly over them, he begins to panic that chao may have been right and that it may be looking for him. as if to answer that, the ceiling caves in and the kaiju attempts to reach him. just then gypsy danger appears and distracts the kaiju. the battle goes through many buildings, and gypsy is able to freeze and shatter the creature's tail and tear out its acid sack. however, the battle takes a turn when the creature suddenly sprouts giant wings and begins to carry the jaeger into earth's upper atmosphere. utilizing a new weapon, a large chain sword, they manage to destroy it before plummeting back to earth, barely regaining control of the jaeger as a team to make a safe landing. [Music]. raleigh and mako returned to the shatter dome to cheers as the pilots of the eureka also voiced their thanks and appreciation during the jubilation raleigh notes pentecost bleeding slightly from both nostrils. in private, pentecost explains how, in the earlier days of the jaeger program, shielding from nuclear contaminants had not been considered, and that his condition has been worsening over time. [Music]. meanwhile, geisler has returned to chow and demands claim over the dead kaiju's secondary brain. ciao's men attempt to get to it, but find it damaged and useless. however, they also discover the kaiju is actually pregnant, before their communication link with chao goes dead. just then, an infant kaiju breaks through a slit in the side of its mother and attempts to escape before falling down, seemingly choking on its own umbilical cord. as chao gloats over the dead infant kaiju, claiming he'd known it couldn't survive very long outside its mother, the creature rears up and swallows him whole, finally dying in the street. dr gottlieb soon shows up in hong kong with geisler's machine, and though the first attempt almost killed him, got leap volunteers to drift with the other scientist to cooperate in learning more through the infant kaiju's brain and handle the strain of the experience together. [Music], plans are soon made to set up the gypsy danger and striker eureka to deliver the warhead to the undersea rift. with his father unable to pilot striker due to a broken arm, kirk hansen is left without a partner. pentecost surprises everyone when he takes the role. however, the strain of piloting a jaeger could prove fatal to pentecost, but he volunteers anyway. as the two yeagers near the rift, geisler and gottlieb, rush into the shatterdome's control room and explained that the plan will not work. the channel between dimensions will only allow in a kaiju, the very reason for the previous failures to destroy the channel with other nuclear weapons. if they attempt to drop the warhead into the channel, it'll just deflect off the breach. the two jaegers battle two category 4 kaiju guarding the rift. as a third kaiju, a category 5, larger and more powerful than the previous creatures, emerges, gypsy danger and striker eureka sustain heavy damage in the battle. unable to deliver the bomb striker, eureka detonates it to take out the defending kaiju and give gypsy danger a chance to enter the rift. once inside, raleigh and mako will detonate gypsy's nuclear reactor and destroy the rift. gypsy attaches itself to the category 5 kaiju and fall with it into the rift bypassing the code that would reject any non kaiju inside the kaiju dimension. raleigh ejects mako in a life pod and manually initiates the detonation of the nuclear core. as gypsy danger enters the other dimension, raleigh ejects in his own pod before gypsy danger explodes and collapses the rift, ending the kaiju threat once and for all. on the surface of the pacific ocean, both pods reach the surface. for a brief period, it seems that raleigh may be dead, but he awakens, much to mako's joy. the mid-credits scene reveals that hannibal chao has survived after being swallowed by the baby kaiju by cutting his way out with a pocket knife. he angrily asks where the shoe he lost is. [Music] thanks for watching. see you in another movie recap. please like and subscribe and click the bell icon to get new video update. have a nice day. you. 