[Music], hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2018 superhero film, spider-man, into the spider earth. so let's get started. the film opens with a young teen named Miles Morales living in New York. Myles is uncle, Aaron Davis, takes him to an abandoned subway station to spray paint. miles is bitten by a radioactive spider and gains spider-like abilities. Myles returns to the station and search for the spider and comes across a particle accelerator built by Wilson Fisk that it's opening other dimensions. spider-man is trying to disable the collider, but is wounded and gives miles a USB to disable the accelerator. Fisk kills spider-man. miles tries out his new abilities, but damages the USB Drive. Myles meets Peter bee Parker, a version of spider-man from another dimension, and they team up to fix the USB. in Fisk's research facility, they're confronted by a scientist, Olivia Octavius, who reveals that Peter will die if he stays in their dimension any longer. Myles and Peter are rescued by gwen stacy, spider woman from another dimension. they find Peters Aunt, May Parker, who is sheltering spider-man noir, spider-ham and Penny Parker, all from other dimensions. Miles offers to disable the collider, but the heroes tell him that he lacks the experience. miles retreats to his uncle's home, where he discovers that his uncle, Aaron, is the Prowler, an enforcer for Fisk. he returns to May's house, where penny Parker has fixed the drive. however, he is followed. miles is captured by the Prowler. unwilling to kill miles, Aaron is shot by Fisk. Aaron dies of his injuries. Miles masters his powers and joins the other heroes. he activates the USB Drive, sending the back home to their proper dimensions, and destroys the collider. Fisk and his enforcers are all arrested. in a post-credits scene, Miguel O'Hara, aka spider-man 2099, travels to 1960s New York and argues with spider-man. so that was the spoilers for into the spider route. if you have another film you'd like to see a spoil please know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 