welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about margin call. an unnamed investment bank begins a mass layoff on the trading floor during a normal business day. among those let go as eric dale tucci, head of risk management. dale tries to speak about his current unfinished project, first with human resources staff and then with desk head will emerson, betany but is told that this is no longer his concern. while being escorted out of the building, he meets one of his risk analysts, peter sullivan, quinto and gives him a usb stick to look at with a vague instruction to be careful. sullivan works late at night to finish dale's project and discovers that current volatility in the firm's portfolio of mortgage-backed securities, mbs, has exceeded the historical volatility levels of the positions because of excessive leverage. if the portfolio's value decreases by 25 the loss will be greater than the value of the firm itself, and the firm will go bankrupt. sullivan and his colleague, junior analyst, seth bregman badgley, tell emerson about the situation. emerson alerts floor head sam rogers spacey, who also returns to the office. they attempt to contact dale, but the company had shut off his phone and he has not yet returned home. the firm's managers hold emergency meetings in the middle of the night in which division head jared cohen baker, chief risk management officer sarah robertson moore and other senior executives discuss their options. finally, ceo john told irons is called in. sullivan explains the nature of the problem. the firm needs about a month to layer its mbs products, so the assets stay on the company's books longer than they might prefer. but because they are essentially mortgages, which are generally viewed as low risk, the firm has been able to push the leverage beyond what they would otherwise be willing or allowed to do. told compares the situation to musical chairs, stating that the music is about to stop and that they would be left holding worthless assets. sullivan, using told's analogy, suggests caution, noting that the music is just slowing, and if the music were to stop, the scenario would be considerably worse. cohen's plan is for the firm to quickly dump all of the toxic assets in a fire sale before the market learns of their worthlessness, thereby limiting the firm's exposure. told favors cohen's plan, but rogers opposes it, warning that dumping all their toxic assets and spreading the risk throughout the financial sector will destroy the firm's relationships with its counterparties and [ __ ] the market for the foreseeable future. he also warns cohen that their customers will quickly learn of the firm's plans once they realize that the firm is only selling the toxic securities, but not buying any new ones. by early morning, dale is found back at his home in brooklyn. emerson tries to convince him to return to the office, saying that the firm will not pay him his severance and other benefits unless he agrees to participate in their plan. but dale continues to resist. emerson also tells seth he will probably lose his job in the crisis, but will get a large severance, while explaining to him the amoral, cyclical nature of the markets. meanwhile, it is revealed that robertson, cohen and told were aware of the risks in the weeks leading up to the crisis, told offers robertson up as the scapegoat, putting the blame of the crisis on her and forcing her resignation. dale arrives, apparently convinced by told's representatives that returning truly is in his best interests. dale and robertson are instructed to remain in the office all day and do nothing in return for an increase to their severance packages. robertson expresses regret for not doing more to prevent the crisis, with the markets yet to open, tult convinces rogers to go along with cohen's plan. in a speech to his traders in preparation for the fire sale, rogers warns them that by participating, they are effectively ruining their reputations and ending their careers in the industry. but he offers a 1.4 million dollars bonus to those able to sell 93 of their assigned securities, with further 1.3 million bonuses if the entire sales floor can reach 93 as a whole. as the markets open, emerson and the traders immediately begin selling off their securities, and they arouse suspicion and anger from their buyers. as the hours pass by, the closing bell. the firm has taken tremendous losses, dumping positions for pennies on the dollar, but is successful in selling off all the toxic assets. cohen tells rogers there will be another round of layoffs, but rodgers will keep his job. angry that he was retained, rogers confronts told, telling him that he wants to cash in his options and severance pay and leave the firm. told dismisses his protests, claiming that the current crisis is no different from previous bear markets and that sharp gains and losses are simply part of the economic cycle. he persuades rogers to stay with the firm for another two years, promising that there will be a lot of money to be made from the coming crisis. cohen brings in sullivan, whom told intends to promote. rogers reluctantly accepts told steel, but says it is only because he needs the money. rogers buries his dog in his ex-wife's front yard in the middle of the night, and learns from her that their son's financial firm took a big hit, but survived the day's trading. the screen cuts to black and the credits roll as the sound of roger's shoveling dirt continues. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 