the english village of wall lies near a stone wall that borders the magical kingdom of stormhold. a guard prevents anyone from crossing. dunstan thorne tricks the guard and crosses over the wall to a marketplace. he meets an enslaved princess named una, who offers him a glass snowdrop in exchange for a kiss, and they spend the night together. nine months later, the wall guard delivers a baby to dunstan, saying the baby's name is tristan. 18 years later, the dying king of stormhold throws a ruby into the sky, decreeing that his successor will be the first of his fratricidal sons to recover it. the gem hits a star and both fall out of the sky, landing in stormhold. the remaining princes, primus septimus and turtius, independently search for the stone, but not before primus poisons tertius in wall. tristan sees the falling star and vows to retrieve it for the object of his infatuation, the manipulative and vain victoria, in return for her hand in marriage. tristan learns that his mother is from beyond the wall, and receives a babylon candle that she left for him, which can take the user to any desired location. tristan lights it and is transported to the fallen star, personified as a beautiful woman named evan. he chains her to take her to victoria. [Music] three ancient witch sisters resolved to eat the fallen star's heart to recover their youth and replenish their powers. their leader, lamia, eats the remnants of an earlier star's heart and sets off to find evan. she conjures up a wayside in as a trap. evan becomes tired, so tristan chains her to a tree and promises to bring food in his absence. a unicorn releases her, but unwittingly takes her delamias in. tristan discovers even gone, but the stars whisper that she is in danger, telling him to get on a passing coach, which happens to be primus. they stop at the inn, interrupting lamia's attempt to kill evan. lamia kills primus, but tristan and evan use the babylon candle to escape into the clouds, where they are captured by pirates in a flying ship, the leader, captain shakespeare, lies to his crew saying that tristan is his nephew and evan a friend. providing them with new clothes, he teaches tristan how to fence and even how to dance. after leaving captain shakespeare's ship, tristan and evan confess their love for one another and spend the night together at an inn at the marketplace. come morning, tristan leaves evan sleeping and goes to wall with a lock of her hair to tell victoria he will not marry her, having fallen in love with evan. when the lock turns to stardust, he realizes evan will die if she crosses the wall and rushes back to save her. evan finds tristan gone, and, thinking he has abandoned her for victoria, despondently walks toward the wall. oona notices evan walking to her doom and takes the reins of ditch water sal's caravan to stop her. lamia kills sal and captures luna and evan, taking them to the witch's manor. septimus and tristan both pursue lamia, agreeing to work together for the time being, barging into the castle. septimus recognizes luna as his long-lost sister, and she informs tristan that she is his mother. septimus and tristan kill two of the witches, but lamia uses a voodoo doll to kill septimus. lamia is about to finish tristan off when she appears to break down over the loss of her sisters. lamia frees evan, but her faint defeat was a ruse, and she tries to kill them both. as tristan and evan embrace their love allows her to shine once again, killing lamia. tristan retrieves the stone from evan. oona explains that as her son, tristan is the last male heir of stormhold. he becomes king with evan as his queen. while dunstan and luna are reunited after 80 years of ruling stormhold. they use a babylon candle to ascend to the sky where they live together as stars. [Music]. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. 