before we begin, let me start by saying, if you were one of the lucky ones here nine months ago, when I had like, Oh, 13 subscribers, you may recall that this was my first movie, but since Jeb was shy back then, it sounded like he was talking. well, no for you. look, let me start now by saying that Ray finds his voice as Ramsey still turns me out. look, stars of our movie today. ah Iceman. Iceman again? well, his career is long and distinguished, just like my Johnson, Lord Voldemort with a nose. some cokehead named Elvira, Miss Congeniality. the fly, but not the good one. with Vincent Price that I could have sworn was in black and white. the Ruff's 100k. they were both creepy as hell. Steve Martin Short, or, as my mother liked to call him, the father of the bride, and his boyfriend, Frank and. well, I ain't seen it, but that must have sounded elegant. F who carries less all the connectors. blue, for dog hunter, like all we're talking what about for her? for blue, a star begins with a bunch of Hebrew slaves ripping off. looked down from Limassol, hablas. and at the same time, across the lake, all the Egyptian gods are killing all the newborn Hebrew babies because they suck. but God suck, not the babies, but Moses. mama ain't having none of that, so she says, you know what she says? she says, screw y'all. I'm feeding them to the Gators and hippos. but God don't like Gators and hippos, so he splashes Moses to the most convenient place he can think of, the Pharaohs right swimming pool. so the Pharaohs wife opens the basket. baby Moses is like, hey girl, you looking for baby? cause if so, I'm your man. but of course, he didn't really say that, because babies can't talk, you big dummy. did I really have that in the script? damn. you used to be mean. so back to the story, dummy. the Pharaohs wife takes one look at baby Moses and she says, oh, he cute for Hebrew. let's ignore our multi God's warnings about Hebrew Bay boys and adopt them. surely this one can't be be warned. and the whole time this is going on, Moses his sisters watching from the bushes, thinking about out once he's rich, he better not forget what he came from. and then the camera pans up and those ripoff artists from the beginning of the movie finished their song. and I get chill bumps. oh my no. we jump forward in time about 20 years to see that Moses and Rameses have grown into two rich, spoilt snot to get their jollies destroying monuments the hugh jackman slaved all those years to build. and surprise, debt is mad. but instead of giving him a good beating with one of them sandals he's wearing, he's just like, ramzes, i'mma be dead someday, and you'll have my job, and you're gonna suck at it. so later, they get to a feast, and Rameses is appointed some job to tell other people to build temples, which isn't really a job at all. and to celebrate, they present him with a sexy, exotic camel riding lady, who Ramses gives to Moses. so after the feast, Moses goes up to his room to hopefully get some sexy, independent camel lady nookie. but plot twist, she's escaped. but it follows her, because they still want that nookie. and he follows up to the edge of the kingdom, where he runs into none other than his greediest sister, who expects him to somehow know who the hell she is. and he says, girl, you straight-up crazy. and she says, fool, you a Hebrew. go ask your rich daddy you adopted and he says, you are lying, hussy. so she sings in the same song that their momma sang before she fed him to the Gators. and he's like, oh [ __ ] who'd sole inning is a hieroglyphic flashback dream about his past. is like, all right, I got a double trick disc razors. so he goes and looks at some hieroglyphs and finds out that feeding Hebrew babies to Gators was a very trendy Egyptian pastime. and Egyptian Patrick Stewart shows up, and Moses is like, who? you killed babies and kept him through cod it's like, it's cool. they was just dirty, good-for-nothing people from a religion that ain't mine. oh, but I don't think about you like that. Mosley. a few days later, Moses shows up to help Ramses at his new job, quote unquote, and sees a Hebrew slave getting his a book, which he was totally okay with, until he found out he was just a wicker basket ride down the river away from that same well, then, see, when it's y'all people you identify, you're recognizing, you sympathize. so Val Kilmer's Moses decides all of a sudden that he wants to reprise his role as Batman. and to summarize what happens next in one word, I would just say, splat. and he's like, Oh, hurts. so Ramsay's trust to stop him. and Moses is like, dog, I just killed a guy. the public owe me. Oh, max, in a minute. and Ramses is like, please. I am the Popo and I didn't see nothing. and Moses is like, you know how it is when you think it's Friday and then somebody tells you it's Thursday, and you have to come to terms with the fact that your whole day has been a lie. and you realize how this could have been avoided if you just ask the people around you a few simple questions. well, that's my whole life. and Ramses is like, say what and Moses says, ain't you ever noticed I'm the only boy in this family - ain't got that gene for male pattern baldness. and he leaves. so Moses wanders the desert until he loses his wig. you know, for the longest time I thought that was it, real damn hair. but no, because rich people of faith. and amongst all this contemplation of the scalp, Moses realizes that he made a wrong turn at the last. mirage is not gonna make Sam strong. and he just stays there, until a camel wakes them up by ripping out his damn hair. you need to hold on to that [ __ ], Moses. you don't want to end up looking like Bogart. and remember, you left all your money back at your crib. can't buy - no more. some other stuff happens, and then Moses fathers come to self into a whale, and it dies. the end. now, I'm just playing with you, this movie. ain't that so? so who else comes to his rescue but 60 independent camel lady. she pulls Moses up, seizes him and says, you could sit your sockets in a well. and then he dies. then, just playing she does finally get him out, and he gets molested by a bunch of pervy old women. and it meets Egyptian Santa Claus, and they have a big feast where Santa Claus sings to Moses about how his life sucks because he hasn't found Jesus yet. well, Jesus hasn't been born yet, but you know what I mean. so they give Moses a job as a sheep hump a herd of sheep herd up, and he grows out a sexy beard and six independent camel lady is digging it. so they get married. and finally, at long last, our boy Moses gets him some sexy, independent camel lady. look it. hell, if I had to give up a whole kingdom to hit that, I'd do it - Oh, Moses, you got a woman. don't go back to humping now. anyway, one day one of his sheep gets away, so he follows it, but stumbles upon a cave where he stops smoking some burning bush, and God appears before him, as he does two minute druggist. and God says, look, child, they took a while for all them prayers from the Hebrews to show up in my inbox. but now we kind of need to hurry up and go free. and by we, I mean you, because I'm just ambushed. but Moses stops giving God some lip. and then God is like, child, I made blind, deaf and mute people. my only problem is my inbox is slow. now you go tell Rameses he can suck it and to free them. damn Hebrews, I am gonna hear up. so Moses decides that he cares about the Hebrews freedom. all of a sudden, threats from God will do that to you. and he sets off with six a independent a Malay to go and straighten this mess out. so he goes to Ramesses, and Ramses is happy to see him, and he hugs Moses and he says, by the way, as of now, nobody ever saw Moses kill a man. you heard? and Moses is like, yeah, it's good to see you too, ramzes. by the way, whole reason I'm here there's this god guy. and I'm sure that I told you I'm a Hebrew, but anyway, this God guy, he spoke to me, and he kind of demands that you let him alone. and Ramsey says, what and Moses says, he demands that you learn people, know. and Ramsey says, what? and Moses is like, look, he says that he demands that you let his people go. and he gave me this damn snake stick to prove you that he's real because he couldn't make it here himself, because he's just, uh, getting fired. and Ramses is like, you tell him he had um somebody. and Moses says, well, yeah, but then he threatened to blind me. so Ramsey's honest Timon. and Pumba this thing, Moses a song about how Moses is God isn't real, because their gods are real, which is real? let dumb. so once they're done, Ramesses is like, let's talk in the crib. okay? what you really won't and Moses is like, for you to free the Hebrews, fool, look out on your kingdom, what you see? and Ramses is like, I see a better King. that man who said I was gonna suck at this job had damn Peter daddy. and Moses is like, his job was killing babies food. you know what your problem is? you ignorant, just like your rich daddy. and then Lord Voldemort gets really pissed, and he says, well, if you tuck them Hebrews was good at building before, they don't get really crafty with it now. so one day Ramesses is out on his yacht, and Moses is like, Ramses? and Moses says, you will let them Hebrews go? and Ramsey says, hmm, let me think about that. no, no, let's go get that hobo. and then they all do a bunch of magic tricks where they turn water into blood, but Rameses laughs at them, and then he brews up, boom. so Moses brother says, how the hell are we ever gonna be free if he keep laughing at us? and Moses says, now look, y'all, ain't a miracle worker. now, Rameses may take away your food, your children and even your lives, but that's a risk I'm willing to take because I don't live here. so as promised, over the next few months, God starts in brandish up. and Moses and Rameses spend this time standing and staring at each other while they sing songs in their heads about how the other one is a and Moses his part, go like, this was my home. all this pain and devastation. no, I'm tired of all this [ __ ] all the innocents who've suffered cuz you're such a pompous bit. now, don't that move you? after a while, God gets tired of screwing around, so he says, yo, Moses, I couldn't this great idea. let's kill all their babies. and Moses is like, well, it's not very original, but yeah, cool. I guess we could do that. so God flies his glowing through all of Egypt, and he kills a bunch of Egyptian babies, just like Moses is rich daddy, which includes Moses is nephew. so Moses is like, fool. I told you you should've let my people go. and Ramses is like, just take them damn Hebrews and get the hell out of hell. and Moses realizes too late that God just did exactly what Moses was mad at his rich daddy for doing, what tangled webs we can weave. but it gets over it in a Big Damn hurry, because the Hebrews are free. well, it's true, crying over your nephew. then he Harlem are all in one day. what the [ __ ] mozi is because y'all wasn't really related ain't it? but didn't they get to the Red Sea, and Ramsey shows up with his soldiers, and it's like, psyche much. so God makes a wall of fire to stop them, and Moses is like, chill, y'all. I'm already on it. and he pops the damn C and all the Hebrews go through the butt crack in the water, and they all B's at SeaWorld along the way. see that one right now? that's Shamu. and apparently God likes close calls, because just as the Hebrews are almost all the way through, his pilot light goes out, and rinses comes after them again, but God says, I was just in with your ramzes. now get chill so get back on show. but now the Hebrews are really, really, really free. and they wanted the desert for something like 50 years. I don't know, I never read the Bible, but they don't show you that pop because it's not inspirational. oh yeah. and then God gives Moses the ten damn that's learned. be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular fix of meth, otherwise you're dead to me. you can expect me to upload more videos. after I get done asking God for forgiveness for my damn blasphemy. damn it. full movies explained for I'm Jeb or Dyle. now get and that is a [ __ ] wrap. booyah. 