[Music] clothes is the new Netflix thriller movie based on real-life bodyguard Jackie Davis, who protected the likes of JK Rowling and Nicole Kidman and the royal family. whilst the film deals with completely fictional characters and events, they aren't too far removed from the reality that Davis dealt with across a 30-year career in the profession. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the ending of clothes, as well as some of the real-life situations that Jackie herself went through. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything about the film or its ending, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I watch it so you don't have to. we follow Sam, a close Protection Officer, as she is tasked with guarding Zoey Tanner. Zoey is the heiress to a multinational corporation named Hasson mining, and this throws her in to blows with her stepmother, Rima, whose family founded the company in the absence of her father. Zoey is legally now the majority owner of her scene, but once very little to do with the running of the company or its dealings. her father only left her the controlling shares in the hope that her and reamer would become closer in the wake of his death. thus, Zoey is flown out to Casablanca and put into a state-of-the-art safe house. whilst has seen mining competes with a company called C Kong in an attempt to secure a contract for a large piece of land that is rich in phosphate. she is assigned Sam as a bodyguard, who's picked solely for the fact that she is a woman and that Zoey will not be able to sleep with her like she did with her predecessor. however, things go awry when the safe house is attacked by kidnappers who are attempting to secure a ransom for the girl. Zoey and Sam make it out of the situation as the sole survivors, do to sam's skill. and all seems like the worst may be behind them when they manage to make it to a police escort. this escort turns out to be a group of corrupt cops who too want the ransom on Zoe's head. and the duo only managed to make it out of the situation because Zoey murders a policeman. this immediately makes her a fugitive and liquidate her shares, meaning that Rima, who disowns her stepdaughter live on air, is now back in control. Sam reaches out to an ally to help her escort though II out of the con this brings back memories of it author as it seems like Sam is going above and beyond the call of duty in order to protect Zoey. unfortunately, Sam's Ally is killed in another botched kidnapping attempt that almost cost Sam her life. the two managed to escape, and, using a taxi, returned to Reimer to see her meeting with one of the kidnappers, we eventually learn is a policeman working the investigation. after all of the signs point to reamer being behind the kidnapping, the two returned to the safe house in order to hack Reema's phone. when the kidnappers and Rima arrived separately, it seems that they are working in tandem together, until we learn that it's actually Zeke on who were behind the attacks. after busting some amazing hacker man skills salmon. Zoey managed to take down the corrupt policeman and assassins behind the kidnapping plot and reunite with dreamer. Sam makes a promise to Zoe to finally call her daughter, who learned had been given up for adoption at due to Sam being a teenage mother. this highlights the themes of the film, which center around estranged mothers and daughters reuniting to find their kinship. just in the same way that Sam now wants to repair her relationship with her child, Reema and Zoe, too want to rebuild theirs. it's a touching motif that highlights just how much of those we don't think care actually do. even though both Sam and Reema was strict on Zoe, which led her to believe that they disliked her, she realizes that it was, in fact, for her own good in order to keep her safe. Sam realizes that her daughter will not be in danger because of her work any longer, and returns to civilization with the hope that they may once again find each other in real life. Jackie, who Sam was based on, actually began her career as a policewoman in the 1970s. however, after becoming frustrated with the low pay in the sector, she switched career paths. while she initially faced ridicule amongst the males in her profession, she eventually gained their respect due to the dangerous situations she was able to act through. throughout her career, Jackie has been shot at, stabbed and thrown through a window over the air. she's protected the likes of Justin Beiber, Diana Ross, the Beckham's and many more. she states that though she get to travel the world visiting luxurious locations, it's a stressful job that goes far beyond stopping fans from grabbing selfies. jackie has had to stop violent gangs who want to kidnap and burgle celebrities. and in the case of her protection of Katie Price, this happened, and Jackie was required to act fast under pressure, like several of the scenes we see in the film. she also broke into a villa in Kashmir to rescue a 23 year old female kidnap victim, and this put her in the crosshairs several times. Jackie herself worked as a consultant on the film, and it's clear that a lot of the heart-pounding action that takes place in it is from her real-life experiences. so what did you think of close and what did you take from its ending? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of this week's other big Netflix release, the punisher, which will be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 