i am going to explain an action thriller film called revenge. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. a married man named richard files his socialite girlfriend, jane to his secluded, dressed house in the middle of the desert for the weekend. he wants to spend some alone time with her before his annual hunting trip with his friend. as he's about to go inside his house, his pilot gives him some beard, a small spineless cactus for a welcoming gift. inside, richard finds jen standing on the bed, moving gracefully and enriching him. without wasting any time, richard grabs jen and expresses his desire for her. in return, gen dresses richard and goes down on him. once they're done, richard receives a call from his wife, telling him how busy she is at home. when richard goes back to the bed, jane won't even look at him. richard tries to sweet talk her, which doesn't take long to work. the following day, richard's friend stan and dmitry arrive unannounced. richard is pissed at having his quality time with jane ruined, but the two men say they worked hard to make sure they arrived there early. richard then introduced jane to his friends, who are shocked but happy at the same time. when jen excuses herself, stan and demetri can't help but stare at her as if they have never seen a woman before. sarcastically, stan ask richard if his wife and their kids are okay. but richard doesn't answer his question and instead informs him that jane is leaving the following day, and that day aren't supposed to meet that night. the four of them decide to have some fun and drink. as richard begins out more alcohol, stan and dmitry are unavail to resist jane's beauty, and they are talking to and staring at her the whole time. when richard sits with them, dmitry notices his beard. richard tells them that it's a local and highly powerful hallucinogenic. and unexcited, dimitri suddenly grabs the beard from richard. he then tosses it to stand, and stand tosses it back to him, but richard immediately catches it and warns them that using paired while carrying weapons can lead to accidents. embarrassed, stun and dimitri take their seats while richard asks jen to hide his beard for him. happy to oblige, jen goes back inside the house where she hides the beard inside her necklace. before going back outside. jen plays some music for the men before dancing for them. when jen tries to get richard to dance with her, her boyfriend declines, so he asked stan instead. institute seductively dances with stan, who is clearly having the time of his life. as stan continues to dance with her, richard decides that his friend has already had enough and puts jen over his shoulder before turning in for the night. jen wakes up alone in the morning. and when she goes out to look for richard, stan greets her with too much enthusiasm. she then joins him for breakfast, and stan informs her that richard went out to give their password to the gamekeeper, which will take a while. he also adds that dimitri is nursing a hangover making jen love. stan then remarks that isn't just the two of them. but jen pays him no mind and uses her phone instead. when she notices that stan is staring at her, jane excuses herself from the table and says she'll start packing her stuff, leaving stan disappointed. as jane gets dressed after taking a shower, she started to see that stan is standing by the doorways. and apologizes for scaring her, but jen doesn't seem to mind. stan then enters jen's room without invitation and sits beside her before telling her that it's a shame they don't have enough time to get to know each other better. when he gives jane his calling card and asks her to call him some time, jen reluctantly tells him that she is not sure if she is be able to paste. stan asks jane what she doesn't like about him. jen then gets uncomfortable and finds it hard to answer his question. but when she finally does, she tells stan that he isn't her type at all. stan wants to know why jen feels that, why so jen simply says, stan is short, and she likes tall guys. stan sarcastically loves and asked jen if his height changed overnight. and wenjin says no. he implies that she was coming on to him the previous day. feeling nervous, now, jane tries to get away from him, but he won't stop harassing her. without warning, stan pushes her against the glass and removes her underwear. and as he is about to take her from behind, dimitri opens the door and sees them stand then ask him if he wants to have his turn on jen too. but dmitry just keeps on eating his snacks before turning to leave without anyone to disturb them anymore. stan forces himself to jail, making her cry in pain as dimitry walks away. and here's jen sobs. he turns up the television volume before going out for a swim. when richard returns and notices that his two friends are being too quiet, stan explains that there's been a problem with jane. richards then tries to talk to his girlfriend, but jane won't talk much and only insists on richard calling the helicopter, saying she wants to go home. as jane cries quietly, richard goes back outside to confront stan about what he did. when jen wakes up a few hours later, richard informs her that he's arranged a job for her in canada, assuring her that everything's okay. he also adds that he's transformed some money to her account, which she can use as she pleases. instead of expecting richard's bribe. jain demons he called the helicopter before. she starts packing her stuff, but richard tells her that's not possible. he then blames jane for being too beautiful, claiming she's hard to resist. hurt and angry, jade once again demands richard called the helicopter, threatening to call his wife and tell her everything about them if he doesn't. without warning, richard slaps jane so hard that she falls to the floor. as he stands over her, richard starts calling her names, demanding her not to talk about his wife again. jane then runs outside, while richard gives chase. and as soon as stan and dimitri see them, they quickly follow. the three men chase jan to a cliff. and when richard sees that she is thinking about jumping over, he stops her and apologizes for slapping her. richard tries to justify what he did by saying he was just stressed out. and when jin doesn't say anything, he asks for stan's phone, promising that he will call the helicopter after talking to roberto, the pilot. richard informs her that the pilot will arrive in 30 minutes. released, she lets down her guard, only for richard to suddenly push her off the cliff. jane is impaled on a tree. and as the man look at her body, stan asks he did such a thing, like a cold blocked killer. richard tells them that jan could put them in jail for 15 years. he then orders a stand and dimitri to do everything he said, saying they will go hunting as planned and clean up the mess on the way. then they will go home with their trophies, just like every year. but they have to make sure not to arrow suspicion. once stan and dimitry agree with richard's plan, the three of them leave back at the rest house. richard burns jane's staff as he and his friends prepare their gears and weapons for their hunting trip. richard then calls his wife as if nothing happened. and when stan apologizes to him for what happened, then richard quips that he's never heard of her. meanwhile, jen miraculously regains consciousness while still being impaled on a tree branch. with every ounce of strength left in her body, she reaches her lighter and sets the tree on fire. causing it to break in hard to eat the ground. after a while, jen suddenly hears the sound of moving vehicles, signaling richard and his friend's arrival. with the branch still sticking out of her body, jen forces herself to crawl away from where she landed and hires. on the other hand, richard and his friends are horrified when they find no sign of jen's body. completely panicking, stan suggests they find jain and bring her to the hospital. he says, with the help of their lawyers, they can make what happened to jain hook like an accident. annoyed at his friends cowardice, richard is adamant about not calling anyone, reminding stan that jan is alone and hurt and won't stand a chance against three armed men. they then set out to find jyn. and once jen hears they are gone, she starts moving to it's already dark when the man reached the tree where jane landed, went decisions ipod and traces of her blood around the vein city, they feel confident that it won't take them long to find her. they then follow jane's blood trial, and once it stops by the river, they agreed to split up to find her faster. stan decides to stay behind in case jen returns there, while richard and dimitri go in opposite directions. meanwhile, jane continues wandering around, going under the water when she hears someone coming. as if by luck, jen finds dimitri urinating by the reaper with his rifle resting against a rock. gin creeps up behind him and takes his weapon. and when dmitry turns to facehug, then pulls the trigger. unfortunately, the gun isn't loaded, so dimitri just easily grabbed the gun and pushes her back. while on the ground, dimitri hits jane and mocks her for thinking he would leave his gun lying around for anyone to touch. he then informs his friends that he's got jen, telling them he will meet them at that jeep once he takes care of her. stand breathes a sign of philip upon hearing the news, then casually plays some music using jen's ipod. as dmitry attempts to drawn jen, he tells her that he likes letting his prey come to home and make it thing it's attacking him, when in fact, he's the one waiting for it. jen tries to fight back, but dmitry is too big and strong for her. when she manages to grab dimitri's knife, she quickly stabs him in the eyes. as soon as her head is out of the water, with the knife still stuck to his eyes. dimitri stumbles around, still trying to calm and jen, but eventually he collapses and dies, while jen bravely pulls out the knife from his eyes, then watches him as he sinks into the river. after taking dimitri supplies, jen travels through the desert using his atv, but is forced to walk when he suddenly stops working. she then goes into a cave and builds a fire before drinking some beer. she tries to remove the branch sticking out her body, but stops once it gets too painful. while lying down, jen suddenly remembers the peyote she hides in her necklace and eats it. she then starts loading dimitri's rifle. and as she stares into the fire, jen suddenly feels weird while starting to hear loud music. numb and hallucinating, jen opens the beer can using the knife, before making several incision around her own to easily remove the branch sticking out of her abdomen. upon removing the branch, gen watches her blood push out of her body. she then gets the aluminium bear can to put it over the fire, and once it's hot enough, she uses it to characterize her wound. the next day's turn is started when richard throws a dead animal on his windshield. realizing that dimitri isn't back yet, richard tries to radio him, but there's no answer. as a stun peace and washes up by the river, dimitri's decomposing body suddenly floats, scaring the delights out of him. richer than checks to see what the commotion is about, while stan throws up and gets in his car, where he throws a feet. as richard stares at his dead friend's body, he realizes that dimitri has been stabbed in the eyes. he then drags him out of the water, while stan grudgingly watches from his car. after richard asks for stan's help to get rid of dmitry's body, stan expresses bitterness about what happened. he believes that dimitri would still be alive if richard hadn't pushed jen off the cliff. once they tossed dimitri to the deeper part of the river, richard suddenly pushes a stand in the face, breaking his nose. the two then continue their search for jan who is still sleeping in the cave. when jen wakes up, she realizes that the phonics logo from the beer can has been transferred to her body, finding it quite symbolic, since she's just escaped death. when she gets up to leave the cave, richard suddenly shows up and blows her head off. jane then wakes up screaming and realizes it was just a dream. she continues to have a series of nightmares about the three men terrorizing and hunting her. and when she finally wakes up, she takes dimitri's weapons and sets out to find her attackers. meanwhile, richard and stan are determined to find her first. using their map, richard and stan decide to split up. again, with her binoculars, jen manages to find where stan is, and when he starts diving, she prepares to make her move. stan's vehicle suddenly runs out of gas while jane is on his tail. and as he refills his tank, gene tries aiming at him from offer. however, the pivot's affects haven't comply own of making jen optionally hallucinate. after taking a better aim, jane shoots and his turn in the shoulder, while the impact of her rifle knocks her to the ground. then quickly gathers herself and looks for stan to shoot him once more. but the man has left his soul. as jin cautiously move closer to stan's vehicle, she sees stress of blood on the ground. stan desperately tries to flee, but jan is closely following him, ready to shoot at any time, using his sock to lessen his bleeding. stan continues to run away from jain while crying in pain. he then hides from chin who is still looking for him. and when she passes by him, stan shoots her from behind, grazing her ears. stan has turned the tables on chain. when she starts chasing and shooting her. in an atom to escape, the breaks her flashlight and leaves broken glass on the ground, which stan eventually steps on. jane continues to run away, while stan was in pain, trying to remove the shirt of glass in his foot. once he manages to take it out, stan staggers back to his car, bleeding even more as he steps on the battle. he then tries to run jen over, but jane is set on killing him. as stan approaches, jen shoots him and misses twice, but her third shot hits turn in the head, finally killing him. as richard tries to contract stand through the radius and takes his vehicle and drives away with no word from stand still, richard decides to go back to the house. at home, richard calls his pilot to inform him that he will be coming home earlier then planned. he says something came up at work and he's already dropped his friends at the airport. when the pilot tells richard he's pick him up in 30 minutes. richard goes to the bathroom to take a quick shower, bringing his gun with him. as he severs the feeling of the water on his skin, richard hears some noise outside, prompting him to check it out. while still naked, richard takes his gun and looks for the source of the noise, carefully scanning his surroundings. after scoring the house and finding no sign of chain, richard goes back inside and sits on the couch. as he is about to relax, the television suddenly turns on, starting him. he then looks for the remote control to turn it off. and when he returns around, he finds jen standing outside his house, her rifle pointed at him. as they stare at each other, richard realizes how much jain is bleeding. richard is about to explain himself when jane shoots him without wearing hitting him just blew the wreakage. although he is heavily injured, richard tries to shoot back, metagen one stop firing at him. frustrated, richard growls inside the house, leaving a trial of blood behind him. jen then follows him, and when she sees the trial shopping just before the glass door, jen stops walking to unknown to jane, richard is just standing by the wall next to her, ready to blow her head off. when jane is about to take a step forward, she suddenly notices richard's blood pulling in front of her. she then quietly moves back and goes to the other side of the house. but when she gets there, richard is already gone. the two continue to search for each other. and as richard keeps bleeding profusely, he decides to cover his body with cling wrap to help lessen the bleeding. jane hears the clatter of the place that richard dropped, and when she checks it out and sees richard, she immediately fires, forcing him to flee. as they continue chasing each other around the house. jen sleeps in richard's blood and drop her gun. she tries to retrieve, but richard catches up to her and knocks her unconscious. when jen stares, she finds richard dragging her. he then picks jain up and pushes her against the wall, choking her and mocking her. with no weapon to defend herself, jen plugs her hand into richard's own, causing him excruciating pain. this force him to let go of her. and when jen finally gets the gun, richard tries to grab it, but she immediately shoots him in the chest, sending him flying across the room. as she gets up, gin casually steps over richard's body and goes outside, where she hears the helicopter arriving. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 