[Music], welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, and it's time to get schwifty as we're breaking down another episode of rick and morty. the fourth entry for season five is now here, and there's a lot of easter eggs, hidden details and things you missed in it that we're going to be going over in this video. now, we start off with morty in this stupid horse hospital, waiting for his mother to finish up so that she can go see the latest piece of marvel that he and his friends are always over sight engine, i do have some over sight engine, i do have some black widow videos on the channel that are worth over, god damn. now, speaking of something that is worth over morty comes across skews the pun a breeding mount and he ends up using it as a tool to do what teenage boys do eight times a day, sometimes, when i was in my prime. but moving on that, there's some cool little details in here. now, the hospital is called saint equus, which is latin for horse. this location appeared in the pilot episode, and as it's rick and morty, there was a dark sense of humor to its introduction. we could see a horse being pulled in and then a pool of blood. the next time we saw it, i did go over this scene a number of times to see if there was anything connected to the horse being pulled out and the rags that beth tossed into the bin. however, i couldn't quite spot anything. but if you notice something, then let me know below. however, horse does give birth to ricks maybe later on. so i think maybe it's sort of setting that up. and again, it's like poetry, they rhyme. now, cut to one week later, and we see morty sunbathing on the rooftop of his home. in the wake of the breakup from planetina, he's clearly found something else to occupy him, and he's been a dirty little dog. we see rick rolling in the sperm container, which morty spent the last seven days filling up. and it turns out that rick wants to use it to wipe out some cannibalistic horse people known as chud. this is actually a note of the film chud, which was released in 1984. church stood for cannibalistic humanoid underground dwellers, but here it's been changed up to horse people to die. mooring with a theme of horse sperm, babies and so on. rick also pays lip service to the phrase, measure twice, cut once, which actually pulls from carpentry. it is thought that if you didn't measure a piece of wood correctly before cutting it, that it'll waste not only time, but resources too. however, here it's being used for scientific purposes. rick starts to test the sperm, even though morty clearly doesn't want him to. and this creates some giant monsters intent on killing everyone they come across. hey, come across? i know i used that jog before, yeah, but it's, it's one of the best i've got. now, there's several nods to other monsters in their design, and i got a lot of flashes to a number of properties. the first of these is, of course, chewed, but i think there's also nuts to a quiet place. the monsters attack and destroy cars, much like how they do and even the introduction of the scene comes up with a passage of time, much like how that movie 2 shows a number of days on screen when carrying out some of its jumps. there's also attack of the killer tomatoes, as well as little shop of horrors, which i think the monsters look very similar to in that we discovered that a plant needed human blood to survive. and this had some big repercussions on it, much in the same way that more east dna creates some issues too. there's also independence day. and the episode itself is called rick dependent spray, which, yeah, we know exactly what was spraying there. now, i love how there's also this undercurrent that the entire thing could be set up by rick just to get morty to admit what he's been doing with the breeding mount and it isn't the first time he's gone above and beyond to embarrass the boy. anyway, we cutted the titles. and if you've been enjoying the video so far, then i'd massively appreciate the thumbs up. also, don't forget to subscribe, as we do breakdowns of the show every week, and they're always worth coming back for. right? i'll stop with that now. i promise you, i'll try and make the video good from this point out. now we come to the sanchez and smith family driving through america in a scene that's very reminiscent to the one take car scene from steven spielberg's war of the worlds. eventually they're swamped, and one of the space span pulls the roof off the top of the car, which could be a naughty jurassic park when the t-rex tried to do the same thing. they're saved by the president's men, who take rick in. and this idea of our characters being brought in with the president, of course, ties in with independence day, in which a similar sort of thing happened. rick tells morty he's gonna have to lie about where the sperm came from. and the creative team at the very end of the episode discussed how this entire entry is based around the idea of lies. we see this repeated in several characters, with morty eventually learning to tell the truth, even if something is embarrassing for someone. this, of course, ties in with him being embarrassed about the breeding mount and i love the little throw away line where the president wonders how big of a d they'd have to be for there to be space spoon is big. and summer says, same page club. rick does the usual monologue that we get in horror movies, where he talks about our ancient myths and legends, and how they may all actually be tied to space sperm. the president believes that either rick or the church caused it, but morty lies for his grandfather, which leads to the death of several people, including blazin. the president did believe that morty was a straight shooter. and i are you having that. now, they bring in the world's leading scientist on sperm, professor shabubu. he has wet splashes up his tie and on his suit jacket. and i also think that that might be tissues in his pocket, but that might just be me, yeah, with my dirty mind. now, after figuring out the spin, i've gone to america's vagina, they bring in a space sperm to study it. and this design looks slightly based on the cage scene from starship troopers. mori shoots it after saying it was armed, and the president believes him, because apparently he never lies. namori decides that they need to be the ones to deal with it, and they head out with some male marines, as the president doesn't really believe that women are useful. however, the space sperm are led by a queen. and this is, of course, a little nod to aliens and how the xenomorphs were led by one these alien easter eggs. reoccur with the marines that go on a mission with them. and we also get ties to predator when the survivors of the group land in the forest and have to duke it out with the space boom in the woods. i think it's pretty obvious that blazing is also based on katana from the suicide squad. and though rick initially thinks he's a badass, he goes out hilariously whilst exposing that he wears his wife's thongs and also carries around a swimsuit cover with her on it that he has sex with. now, the plane is shot down by a catapult, so sorry, trebuchet. but just before this, we see rick's safety tentacles, which are, of course, based on dr octopus's arms. after coming up with a plan that looks like tic-tac-toe, the space sperm attack, and morty ends up saving one of them called sticky, who ends up impregnating his sister's egg and creating an incest space baby. yeah, it gets really weird. now, back with the president. summer comes up with a plan, but it's completely overlooked, and instead it's suggested by shibu, who gets a nobel prize for it. cut back to rick, morty and blazen as they head into the sperm cave. this is very much playing on the story trope first brought to the mainstream by joseph campbell. he came up with the notion of the hero's journey, which discusses how someone must travel into the abyss to discover new things about themselves. it's also often referred to as the belly of the beast, and it's popped up in a number of movies, especially the early ones that this episode is based upon. blaisen decides to sacrifice himself, but it goes to hell, and all he does is impale, impale himself with his sword. now he tells morty to find his wife and say that he wasn't wearing her thong, which she's disgusted over. at the end, the space sperm close in on them, but when it looks like everything is lost, the queen arrives and captures them. i feel like the sperm queen's design is based slightly off the alien from species, with elements of the borg queen also thrown in there for good measure. they want to create their army using a breeding mount and it's finally revealed that morty was behind it all. rick is frozen in a statuesque pose, and he refers to himself as solo, which is, of course, a nod to when han solo was frozen in carbonite during the empire strikes back. the sperm are furious because their father has sent so many of them into socks. and when it looks like it's all over, sticky arrives and saves them, though it looks like he might not be able to beat the queen because they didn't bring a woman that kickboxes. he uses his second tail to bring them down in an underdog move. unfortunately, the eggplant is still going ahead. and the sperm head to las vegas, which is the location of several alien invasion films, and also where the movie army of the dead was set. just before they can fully warn them, it should arrive. and i love how rick says, incest baby, and one of the gods just says, what? who told you that? now, back in vegas, shibu throws himself of a building in order to escape having to come up with a plan it should take them in. and morty says he can't change his nature, which rick rebuffs by saying he's not a scorpion. in an overhaul fable, this is playing on the story of the scorpion and the frog, which is a metaphor that talks about the time the two animals were trying to cross a river together. the frog didn't want to at first because the scorpion could sting it. however, the scorpion said that this would kill it as well, so it could be trusted. but halfway across the river, it stung the frog anyway, because that's part of its nature. he also talks about robert downey jr and what the actor was like in the 90s before he got the pot of iron man. he said that he was waking up in bushes. and this actually happened to him. downey also decided to go sober after he had a burger king cheeseburger, and it disgusted him so much that it completely made him change. this was referenced in iron man, when, upon returning from the cave, the first thing that he got was a cheeseburger. now, they should want to boil rick and morty alive, but princess ponier comes forth and admits that the former is the father of her child. back in vegas, the president covers a giant wall in spermicide, which is a lubrication that kills sperm before they manage to reach the egg. we're also introduced to the amazing jonathan, a comedian and magician who has performed in vegas several times. the sperm managed to break through the wall by having one go in as a kamikaze bomber, which is not the lord of the rings the two towers, when urokai managed to blow the wall at helm's deep in a similar way, rick ends the war with the chud, and they unite with the humans to take down the sperm. as beth and summer fly through the city on the back of some sperm. we can also see a sign that says the sultan of swoon, which is what frank sinatra was sometimes referred to as. the creative team also said that this scene was another jumanji and the stampede from that. and it's basically all of the sperm trying to swim towards the egg, join with the forces of cirque du soleil, and amazing jonathan, the turd managed to defeat the sperm until all that remains is the sperm queen. and sticky, sticky kills the queen and goes into the egg. and summer goes to shoot it, but the president stops this because it's an election year. this is, of course, playing on the notion that abortion often comes up during elections, and it often leads to a very heated debate. the pyramid shoots into space, and blazon's wife arrives to ask if he was wearing her thong. she says she hopes he was wearing it, and tells morty to be honest, but this is a lie. rick hooks up once more with ponieta before she gives birth to their child, and she returns to her kingdom. the episode ends with impressing that that was easy button, and we could have the post-credits scene to see morty's baby flowing in space. this is a play on 2001, a space odyssey in which an astronaut evolved to become the next stage of human life, and he returned to earth. the astronaut says he thinks it's his conscious after abandoning his family. and this is sometimes used as an interpretation of the final scene of a space odyssey as the astronaut watches himself age alone. he really wished that he could get a chance to come home. and all these come puns, and it's still not coming home. i'm sorry guys, you know, too soon. and, uh, yeah, i'm a bit gutted. that closes out the episode. and as for my thoughts on it, i think this is probably the worst of the four. it's getting a lot of hate on reddit, but i still think it had some funny moments. it was just one of those weird episodes. like there are some theories that each episode so far has been a decoy family, and that's purely because the space bet thing hasn't been connected to anything that's happened so far. there's also elements like the portal gun, which hasn't shown up at all, and rick has been drinking some of the episodes and not others. now, let me know what you think below. but yeah, one of the weaker episodes, i think. but overall, i still think this season so far has been pretty good. now, as a thank you for for dropping a comment, you'll be entered into a competition on the 30th of july, in which we're giving away three mcu box sets. all you have to do to be on the chance to win. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. you pick the comments at random at the end of the month. and the winners of the last one are on screen right now. so that's you. then message me on twitter, heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of loki episode 5, which will be linked on screen right now. we went over the whole thing from top to bottom, and it's probably one of our best breakdowns ever. so definitely go watch it after this. without the way, thank you for singing through the video. i've been paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 