welcome to the man of recaps. this is arrow, season 1. green arrow is a DC. superhero who fights crime with his bow and arrow. he's basically Batman mixed with Hawkeye. five years ago, billionaire Oliver Queen's yacht sunk in the South China Sea, and he spent five years trapped on an island before being rescued. now he's home in Starling city, after a shave and a shower. oh, that's why people like this show. he's heir to the mega company, Queen consolidated. he lives in a mansion with his mom, Moira queen. his father died in the yacht crash, and she's remarried his partner, Walter. he's got a little sister Thea, a best friend, Tommy Merlyn. but the person he's most excited to see is his girlfriend, Laurel, ex-girlfriend, because she thought he was dead for five years. also, she's not happy to see him because on the yacht, he took her sister, who he was cheating on her with, and she died in the crash. so laurels doubly mad at him, Amanda said, but Oliver's come back a changed man. he takes one of his companies abandoned warehouses and builds a nightclub there as a cover. but in the basement, he's built an epic CrossFit gym. he does spend five minutes of any episode working out. and it's also his superhero secret hideout. he's come back from the island incredibly good at archery. what happened on that island? you'll be asking yourself that for seven seasons, every episode there's a few minutes of a flashback that reveals the mystery little by little. but the first thing we learn is Oliver's got this notebook with a list of names in it. his father gave it to him like, hey, these are all bad people. you need to survive and get home to save the city. then he shoots himself, so Oliver has enough food and water to survive. so Oliver dons the hood and roughs up bad guys. real Muller, you have failed. this city threatens to kill him if they don't give back the pensions they stolen stuff. no one calls him arrow yet. in season one, he's just the vigilante. the order he goes down the list is normally based on whatever bad guy laurels prosecuting right now laurels dad, detective Lance, hates Oliver too and is chasing down the vigilante. but arrows always one step ahead and gets him the evidence he needs. one day, Master Assassin, dead shots in town. Oliver goes to the Russian mob, the Bratva, of which he's a captain. what the hell happened on this island? they help him find Deadshot, and he gets his computer and he takes it to Felicity Smoak. she's a computer genius working at Queen consolidated. he comes to her with tech stuff and increasingly flimsy excuses for why there's bullet holes. she helps him find Deadshot, who's got a wrist mounted gun. but arrows are stronger than guns all he takes him out. Oliver's got a new bodyguard, John Diggle, hex Special Forces. great guy, but Oliver keeps ditching him. but this time he managed to follow all of her, but he got shot. all of her patches him up and reveals his identity. it's like, hey man, you can handle yourself. I could use a sidekick. it was like, yo, never call me a sidekick. but he joins the team. the police are hunting the vigilante, and they find security footage of Oliver Queen's sketchily grabbing though dat outfit. so yeah, he messed that one up pretty fast. but it was all according to plan. he throws a giant, I'm going to jail party. and while all those witnesses see him here, he has Diggle put on the hood and conspicuously beat up some bad guys across town. so while suspicion of Oliver is cleared, one day, Oliver's mom almost gets shot in a drive-by. she's fine though. turns out the target was the mob guy. next to her. someone's taken out the Bertinelli crime family. it's a hot chick Huntress. she's actually Bertinelli's daughter, Helana. her father had her fiance killed, so now she's out for a revenge. long story short, Oliver takes her under his wing and then under his dick, and they have a superhero team-up, arrow and the Huntress. but he's like, hey, we're not gonna kill your father. we're gonna send him to jail. she's not okay with that. she wants to kill him. so arrows got a stopper, and they break up. next all of her sister, Thea, gets into trouble with the new drug in town, vertigo. it's made by chemist slash drug dealer, the count. so called because he dresses like a vampire from Lost Boys, but also because he stabs people with vertigo, leaving like bite marks. long story short, arrow tracks him down and stabs him with his own medicine. that much Vertigo's not a good high. it messes up his brain, makes him crazy. speaking of Theo one day she gets her purse snatched by a robber. she tracks him down, and, Oh, turns out he's really hot. so they start dating. his name is Roy, and he has a big part in season two. watch out. one day, Walter notices some discrepancies in counting. he finds a warehouse where Moira queen has the remains of the Kraft yacht. what is she up to? turns out she's working with the bad guy. he is Malcolm Merlyn, Tommy Merlin's dad. she's like, Walter, please stop investigating for your own good. but he doesn't listen. hand gets kidnapped. Malcolm's like, don't worry, Moira, I won't hurt him, as long as you stay loyal to the undertaking. right now, Merlin's concerned about the vigilante because the list of names he's going through is their list of names. so Merlyn sends out his own Archer with black arrows. Oliver has Felicity track him down. and with the power of her windows touchscreen and a Bing search, she can do literally anything. pretty soon she joins team arrow officially. it's difficult for her to get work done with Oliver working out non-stop. this would be a hostile work environment if he wasn't so damn hot. anyway, arrow tracks down the dark Archer, and they have a bow and arrow battle, but Oliver gets hit. this guy's better than him. he gets his butt kicked and barely makes it out alive. who is this guy? turns out it's Malcolm Merlyn himself. what? now, the season is 23 episodes, so there's a ton of random one-off villains I won't mention. most of them end up dying, but many keep coming back, like the Huntress. her dad's being moved to witness protection, so she wants to kill him before he's gone for good. arrow comes to stop her again, and so does detective McKenna Hall, who Oliver has been banging but the Huntress shoots her and gets away. she survives, but they break up. then one day, verdict goes back on the streets. the count is definitely insane. turns out it was his psychiatrist who found the formula and has been producing it. he comes after arrow with the tiniest possible knife. it does not work out for him. then, dead shots back in town. turns out he's the one who killed John diggle's brother. Diggle goes to his special forces ex-wife, who works for Argus. they try to catch Deadeye, but fail. so he's still on the loose. and now back to the main plot. Merlyn shows Moira that Walters still alive, but arrow bugged the office, and here's everything he now knows. Merlin's the bad guy. his mom's in on it. and turns out the yacht sank wasn't an accident. his dad tried to stop the undertaking, so Merlin put a bomb on it. that's a good a segue as any to recap season one. of the island, Oliver met an old Asian man there Yao Fei, who helped him survive at the beginning. but Oliver got captured by a mercenary group. they're led by a guy named fires, and they're looking for Yao Fei. Oliver doesn't give him up, so this guy in a crazy - face mask tortures him for a while. eventually they capture Yao Fei and they have his daughter - so he cooperates. Oliver escapes and finds the crashed plane, where he meets Slade Wilson. Slade is a badass Australian Special Forces dude - face mask. I used to be his partner. they were sent here to rescue Yahweh, but everything got messed up. so he starts teaching all of her sword fighting. and they bust into the camp. he kills his old partner, and they rescue Yao Fei and daughter. her name is shadow, and she teaches Oliver archery, starting with slapping bowl of water to make your hands strong enough. anyway, they're all captured again, and we learned fiers is working for some mysterious woman. his mission is to start a war by shooting down a passenger plane, and he needs yeowwww Fei to take credit for it as a former member of the Chinese army. as soon as he finishes the video, fires shoots. yeah, they know. Oliver escapes just in time to reprogram the missile, missed the plane and blow up the whole mercenary camp. it comes down to a final arrow shot foreshadows life, and Oliver makes it. yeah, they're still trapped on the island, though. so back in the present, Oliver busts into where Walter is being held. he proves that daredevil is not the only one who can do an awesome hallway fight. he rescues Walter. but Walter is like, he'll girl, whatever you're into got me kidnapped. I think that's grounds for a divorce. then all of her fake kidnaps himself, with diggle's help, to get his mom to spill the beans about the undertaking. turns out they're going to level the glades, the bad part of town, with an earthquake machine. Merlin's wife was killed there in a mugging, so now he's deranged. Moira queen warns the city about it. she's like, hey, Merlin's the bad guy. he was forcing me to help. but she's still under arrest for now. the arrow pays a visit to Merlyn, but doesn't know he's an insane badass. he gets his butt kicked, and then he's tied up in the sexiest way possible. luckily, this is his daily workout, so he escapes no problem. they meet on the roof for a final archery battle, and he does the trick from the first Avengers, where he hits him with an explosive arrow, stabs Merlyn through his own shoulder. and is dead. or is he? they find the earthquake machine and managed to disarm it. but there was a second one. oh no. The Glades is getting earth quaked. Laurel lands up trapped under some rubble, but Tommy Merlyn comes to save her. there's been a whole huff triangle thing because she and Oliver still love each other, but she's been dating Tommy, but at the end she had Oliver get back together. it's Tommy who saves her now, though. but then who he's trapped under rubble, and he's got a thing through the heart. but when arrow can't fix this, Oliver's best friend dies in his arms. so arrow failed to save the city. the glades is leveled. his best friend's dead. and that's how season 1 comes to an end. [Music], 