level, but you never gonna get back. please, always push it up to the brain. breathe. never expect your respect back. reach. reach the keys, you'll be size 10. [Music]. if you've been following the podcast that me and my friend talk we do watching the Watchmen, then you know I'm quite protective over how the property is used. after the middling film and absolutely dismal before Watchmen, many fans think this franchise should be left alone, for better or for worse. DC have decided to inaugurate the Watchmen franchise into the DC Universe and pick the hero side by side. tease. with the launch of DC rebirth, we began to see the two revered franchises intertwine. many fans asking questions and giving theories on exactly what was gonna happen down the line. it's the comedian the Joker. will Superman fight dr. Manhattan? can night? I'll still get it off. there were hundreds. one of these additional, less interesting ones was, what is the comedian's badge doing in the Batcave? this graphic novel attempts to answer that. following Batman and the flash, we journey to solve the head-scratching questions, boiler alert. it doesn't answer it at all. taking elements from flashpoint, which is another book I absolutely adore. this book will join the two critically acclaimed franchises together and either make every comic book fans wet dream, or worse, nightmare. which will it be? can this huge risk payoff, or will they ruin two of their best franchises in the process? let's jump into by now getting off to a phenomenal start. we joined Batman in the Batcave as he ponders over the mystery of the button. it's not a button, it's a badge. in the background, here's gspn on playing hockey. I have no idea why the Caped Crusader is watching a hockey game while it's doing his crime-fighting, but I suppose all of us have our sad little hobbies. at least he doesn't film comic book reviews for YouTube that no one watches. anyway, at this moment, the reverse-flash shows up firmly. is my second favorite villain in the DC Universe. it's great to see the return of the night or speedster. after dying in flashpoint, have been desperate for the Flash's favorite ball to return. and the ensuing battle that he has with the Dark Knight is a thrilling one, taking up the entire first issue. we see how the two would deal with one another in combat. and basically, Batman gets the crap kicked out of them. knowing that the flash will arrive soon, The Dark Knight merely has to delay the reverse-flash until backup arrives. however, after noticing the button, it's not a button, it's a badge, the reverse-flash picks it up, disappears for a second and returns screaming that years witness god. he drops down dead. and it's here that the true mystery begins. opening the book an outstanding fashion, this first chapter really grabs your attention, reminding me Ozymandias versus the comedian in the original source material. it two sets of a mystery that really makes you want is dive deeper into the rabbit hole. after Batman recovers, he and flash travel through the multiverse to uncover as many clues as they can. we get a beautiful trip through the JLA Watchtower, viewing many of the trophies they've collected through the heirs. it sort of signifies that the duo have a rich history together. and in the same way that DC r, now hardening back to the Watchmen, nostalgia is used to make farm boys go crazy. it was a nice touch, if not a little harvested in it. hey, hey, remember Starro the Conqueror a member? hey, remember Watchmen? sort of way, one of the most memorable and poignant moments from flash point was when Bruce's father, Thomas, gave flashing letter to give to his son in the alternative reality. it was a touching moment that didn't really need for the characters to meet in order to have a connection and understanding of one another. DC, against my judgment, decided that the two characters should meet in this issue. what I heard about it originally, I was very angry. I'm happy to say that I was wrong. when the two meet, it's a really emotional moment. it's so touching, almost brought a tear to my eye. as a reader, I have a lot of thing I would like to say my father, but probably never will. the paradox of being a human wanting to shower emotions, also wanting to safeguard them as well. so it's really gripping to see Bruce finally get the chance to say all the things that he wanted to say. though it's short-lived, it's definitely one of the books emotional high points, and it elevates this story above most modern comic group ones. when the flashpoint world gets destroyed, Bruce and the flash must travel back to their earth through the timestream, and they bump into the reverse-flash moments before he was murdered. as with most time-travel centric stories, the protagonist and advertently caused the element that drove them to time-travel in the first place. this is no different. they boss reverse-flash to meet with the mysterious god character, which is weary, inevitably beats his death. we never really get a solid answer on exactly what happens, and honestly, the book leaves you asking more questions by its end than you were at the beginning. we fade out to dr. Manhattan picking up the button. it's not a button, it's a badge, or rating, a quote from Watchmen. and the yellow and red a bit transforming into the Superman logo, teasing the next story. in the saga, the Doomsday Clock, Batman / the flash coal on the button. it's not fun. it's a bad doesn't ruin Watchmen or flashpoint, I'm happy to say. but it also adds very little to the mythos acting Morris fan pictured. it slightly misses the mark on some elements, but overall, it does a hell of a lot more good than it is bad. it still leaves me wanting to know answers, even though they've got the potential of massively disappoint so I suppose that's a positive. for now, featuring stellar art, there's very little that I can fault this book on. and the meeting between Bruce and his father is worth the price of admission alone, especially if you loved flashpoint. that's why, overall, I'm given this book an 8.5 out of 10. so what did you think of the graphic novel? comment below, let me know. make sure that you subscribe to my youtube channel, because, like I said at the start of the video, my friend Tom cui and I do a podcast called watching the Watchmen, which we break down the Watchmen graphic-novel issue-by-issue, and we analyze it on a sort of spiritual, metaphysical, crazy level. we go really in depth. and it and I think lots of fans are gonna see something new when they listen to that podcast. so make sure you check that out. thanks for checking out my video. take care. peace. 