[Music], hello guys. welcome back to my channel. in this video, i'm going to recap the movie the woman in black. it is an english horror film released in 2012. this video contains major spoilers. watch out. three little girls, all dressed in what looks like nursery dresses, are playing in the nursery room on their own with dolls. suddenly, without uttering a word, they stand up, they open the three windows and they jump of their own accord. arthur is a young agent. his boss, mr bentley, tells him in rude terms that this is his last opportunity, and told him that if he makes another mistake, he won't be given another opportunity. arthur agrees to mr bentley's terms and sets off. later, arthur decides to go alone, and he says goodbye to his seven-year-old son, joseph, letting the nanny take care of him. then arthur travels by train. he talks to a fellow passenger, and afterwards, stares of a little girl who is also traveling with them. arthur thinks about when his son was born. the boy was perfectly all right, as the nurse proudly says, it's a boy. but the doctor tells him straight away that he is sorry that nothing could have been done for the mother and had passed away immediately, arthur sees how a blood-stained sheet is used to cover the face of his late wife, stella. a fellow passenger, sam, offers him a lift into town. he also invites him to dine with him and his wife the following day at the local inn. arthur is put into the attic. this is the place where the three little girls jumped from at the beginning of the film. the next day, arthur visits jerome, the local solicitor. jerome recommends that he must leave town as soon as possible, but arthur tells him that he will need to stay up until friday at least to make a serious and fair evaluation of all the items within the house. a cab driver is waiting to take arthur to the train station, but arthur insists on going to the mansion instead. the cab driver demands six shillings for the trip, remarking that no one else will take arthur there at all. there is a thin causeway which zigzags among the marshes, linking the town to the lonely, isolated mansion the driver leaves arthur just outside the estate of the mansion. when arthur tells him to pick him up at three o'clock, he says that it'll have to be at five because of the tide. and arthur agrees. then he enters the property. there seems to be nobody at the home, so he gets up to the second floor. he takes a look at joseph's drawing before setting to work. in front of a pile of papers. inside one of the bedrooms, he sees a nest of ravens. a raven rushes out, flying and it startles him. arthur thinks he's heard something, so he looks out of the window. a black shadow appears on the garden, among the tombstones. arthur rushes out, the thick fog prevents him from seeing anything, or anyone for that matter. arthur goes to the police station in order to denounce the person who has trespassed on the property. the constable collins says that there is no villager who would go to that mansion of their own. the constable goes in the back to look for something. at that moment, three children arrive, and one of them is very sick, and her name is victoria, who is spitting blood after drinking lie. arthur calls for the constable, but it's too late. he can't do anything for the child. victoria dies in his arms. back in his lodgings, arthur thinks he hears the soft cries of a woman, so he calls out for mrs fisher, but it's a pet raven, which mimics the whimpering voice of a woman. mrs fisher joins in and serves him a drink while saying he must leave the town fast. later, arthur goes to mr sam's house. at the dinner, the conversation is a little awkward, but everything seems to go well until elizabeth, sam's wife, has a fit and has to be sedated. in a later conversation, sam says that there are many superstitions in the town, but that everything is an illusion. later that night, arthur sees elizabeth caressing one of her dogs, caressing and soothing it in an all-white laced cradle. the next day, arthur goes looking for mr jerome, but what he finds is a terrified girl imprisoned in a room, who tells arthur to let her alone because he was the reason victoria died. the two men then leave to the house. and on the way, they are met by a group of men. the big man who lost his daughter recently was also there and said that his daughter, victoria, died because of arthur's visit to the town. sam drives arthur to the mansion and his matorca, and offers to pick him up at 11. but arthur tells him that he prefers to spend the night in the mansion. so sam lends him his dog to keep arthur company. in the mansion, arthur lights some candles. one of the rooms can be unlocked with any of the keys, so he turns his attention to a heavy wooden box with the name nathaniel written on it. arthur makes a daguerreotype go round, and he sees, for a split second, the dark eyes of the woman in black. after some time, arthur goes through some photographs and notices some words scribbled on them. a shadow passes by, and the dog begins to bark. arthur follows the dog outside, who barks close to the tombstone of nathanael. when they go back to the mansion, arthur sees the woman in black retreating from close to the window. when arthur goes to that room, he looks out and sees the dilapidated view right at his back. the woman in black appears and immediately disappears. he doesn't see her, but he feels something, so he looks around. that woman was janet, who had a tombstone alongside nathaniel's through the documents, it looks like janet gave up her child for adoption because she was not mentally fit. it is also revealed that nathaniel was adopted by janet's sister alice, who keeps this as a secret and raises nathaniel as her own son. through many letters, arthur comes to know that janet was very displeased, as she wasn't even allowed to visit her own son. after the accident that took the life of nathaniel, his body was never found in the marshlands. janet appears as a hidden figure in one of the photos with nathaniel as the child. in the photographs, arthur falls asleep, and the shadow of the woman in black gets close, but the dog barks and scares her. arthur wakes up and walks along the dark corridor up to the locked room. he tries to open this door, but he could not. he goes down to look for something to open it, but suddenly it is wide open. he picks up an axe and a candle. a rocking chair is moving on its own under the wallpaper. he discloses, you could have saved him, written in blood. going back to a window, he can see clearly the surely screaming face of janet. he went outside in the rainy night. he can see the images of many dead children, rotten and anguished, running back to the mansion. he can see the black footprints of the woman in black, and he follows them to the room. he sees janet hanging herself. leaving the room, he sees the woman in black approaching from the other end of the corridor. arthur encloses himself in a room, but nathaniel grows from the bed. and when he leaves the house, he finds sam daley, who has arrived to pick him up in the morning. back in town, arthur sees jerome's house on fire. he goes into the house and gets to the basement and sees lucy set herself on fire, prompted by the woman in black. arthur can't do anything to save her. and he goes out of the house, and sam drives him to his house. elizabeth tells arthur about janet in front of her son's tombstone. suddenly, the dead children speak through her, and they say that the woman in black was always present to make all those children kill themselves one way or another. sam arrives when elizabeth has another fit, while repeating she is coming over and over again before passing out. elizabeth draws a picture of arthur with his son beside a train engine. while returning, arthur convinces sam to help him find the body of nathanael and reunite him to his mother by giving him a proper burial. and sam agrees. now arthur ties himself with a rope to sam's car. arthur goes in the black, slimy goo of the marshlands. finally, sam pulls arthur out, and he takes out what seems a hidden wagon, and within it the body of nathanael. the car can't hold the wagon, which slides back into the bog. but arthur climbs over it and out of the bog carrying nathaniel's corpse. arthur enshrouds nathaniel's body. then he puts the postcards sent to him by his mother and other mechanical toys around the dead body as he waits for the woman in black. meanwhile, sam sees his dead son entering a room. when he follows his son and enters the room, he is imprisoned and calls for help, but arthur could not hear him. the corridor gets even more darker. the woman in black shouts and scares arthur, but suddenly she disappears. the other door also opens, setting sam free. they open janet's tomb and place nathaniel's body on top of hers, thinking that the curse has been lifted. few days later, the two of them received joseph with his nanny at the train station. the nanny goes to pay for tickets back to london. as arthur and sam talk, joseph releases arthur's hand and jumps onto the train track. while a train is approaching, arthur sees the woman in black, and then his eyes dart to his son walking on the tracks. arthur jumps onto the tracks to save joseph, but the train runs them over. sam, who obtained the power to see in slo-mo can see all the dead children and the screaming woman in black at the other side of the track, through the gaps of the moving wagons. arthur is holding joseph in an empty train station. realizes he is dead. stella welcomes them both into the afterlife, and they tenderly walk on together along the tracks. thank you for watching my video. have a great day. 