bar-hopping on Bourbon Street and S&amp;M Dalmatian and hell with Hitler. that's right, guys, another awesome episode of preacher. episode 3 was pretty crazy. once again, my name is Ryan. you can find me on Twitter at Ryan Eric P do me a favor, if I missed anything from the comic books, any references that you guys want to talk about, any theories that you're thinking of, please let me know in the comments below or on Twitter. and also be sure to subscribe to this channel, because we are breaking down every single episode of preacher as well as Twin Peaks. and guess what's right around the corner? it's Game of Thrones. so without further ado, let's check out episode 3 of preacher, season 2, titled damsels. the episode starts off with Eugene roots origins and basically how he became arse face. we discover Eugene's personal hell as he's reliving the events of Tracy loaches suicide attempt. and it wasn't exactly how we all suspected. Eugene was actually trying to save Tracy's life, but then she killed herself after he acted upon his feelings about her. it's extremely dark and sad and even more tragic, because we learned that Eugene has been living with this guilt and this blame that he really wasn't responsible for. I mean, she killed herself. this origin story is completely different from the comic books where Eugene and his friend attempted to commit suicide because they were in Nirvana fans and Kurt Cobain had just killed himself. we are definitely feeling a little bit more sympathetic towards Eugene having known this TV backstory. but either way, it's very dark and sad and tragic that this all happened, that he's living with this guilt for his entire life. we then meet up on the road with team preacher. they have left Texas and are headed to New Orleans and search for God. kudos to the team for throwing in this comic book reference in there the sign. you are now leaving Texas. that was an awesome little touch, guys. and this is where it starts to get weird. so they get to New Orleans, and they're looking for God, so you got to go hit up the Jazz bars, right? so the first bar they go to, the bartender is a little bit weirded out that all three of them are searching for God. then again, another guy is weirded out that all three of them want to see God. and then we find out it's because God here is a SM dalmatian and his owner. we quickly find out that it's rather expensive to see this God, and Jesse wants no part of it. the Haley do it? yeah. oh, man. we don't want this. you sure? yeah, I'm sure. we're looking for God. God. God. then the scene ends with a very tight shot on the Dalmatians. aye, so who the hell is behind the mask? yes, of course, dog is God backwards. but is God really underneath that mask? I don't think so. but from the comic books, this could be referencing Jesus. to say, he is one of the most disturbing characters in the books. and he's pretty much this extremely creepy, rich dude that would have huge drug-filled sex parties. as you can imagine. a lot of the subject matter is a little too extreme for this YouTube channel, as well as AMC. we've also seen Jesus where some Dalmatian print in the comics, so that might be another clue. swing-and-a-miss. guys. so after that first failed attempt to find God at a bar, they go outside, and tulip is clearly not happy being out in New Orleans. she is uncomfortable with whoever might be watching her, so she calls it a night early. to the end of the world, right? that's, of course, a subtle reference to until the end of the world preachers second volume, which means we might get to see more backstory between Jessie and tulip. it's an action-packed story arc in the comics. Cassady then follows tulip, and Jesse goes back to the bar because he is on a mission. quick easter egg here. Jesse orders rat water when he's at the bar. that's, of course, a reference to the saint of killers town that we saw last season. so back to tulip. see, of course, he feels very uncomfortable, like I said, and she feels like she's being watched. backside, hi, mrs. Barbara. oh, you know, just out of town. now, I believe the storyline here is something similar to what happened in the comics. basically, when she got her first gig as a hit woman, she messed up and failed to kill the target. we're not quite sure if that's what happened here, but clearly her former employer, Victor, is not happy. we then get to meet Dennis, or Denny, Cassidy's French friend from back in the day. now we don't learn a whole bunch about this character, except for his interest in the Three Stooges and for a good glass of wine. but he could be playing a role that psych Coltrane played in the comics. I touched on this last week's I was an old friend of Cassidy's who was a journalist in New York City. he also was a serial killer. and of course, Cassidy and Jesse went to him to track down a lead on God. we'll have to wait and see if we learned more about this character. moving on, you might want to talk to the singer at the chemin E. and then, based on the recommendation from another bartender, we finally meet Laura Featherstone, who's a singer at a club. she's not a great singer, which makes sense, because it turns out she's pretending Jessie watches as she's kidnapped by a group of men wearing white suits. he runs outside and uses the word to stop them, and then proceeds to beat them up. you're right. who are you? we soon find out that this was all one elaborate setup to confirm that Jessie has this incredible power. that includes the bartender that referred Jessie to Laura, Laura's profession as a singer, the whole kidnapping and even her baby. now these guys are all a part of Grail industries, and it's clear that this group has deep pockets and resources around the world. they pulled off all of this just to find out if this preacher had the power of Genesis inside him. oh, and also, that guy in the car with Featherstone, that's Hoover in the comics. he was a lifeguard prior to joining the Grail and attempted to kidnap Jessie with Featherstone. so what are you gonna do about it? kick him out this Hanson unit. sure do it. one last thing to note here. we all know that the saint is headed to New Orleans after Fiore told him where Jesse was headed. but now the Saint has confirmation, after Jesse used the word in this episode, he needs to be extremely selective when and where he's using this power. here's another fun comic-book reference for you guys. Jesse walking up to the bar and sees a sign for Angel Ville. of course, in the comics, Angel Ville is where Jesse grew up. it's his grandmother's plantation on the Texas and Louisiana border. it was also the setting for some extremely traumatic experiences for Jesse. again, we hear the sounds of what seems to be an underwater coffin that we referenced last time. it sounds like we'll definitely get some more flashbacks to this. moving forward, back in hell with Eugene. and despite the fact that he has to relive his personal hell over and over and over again, we then learned that he has a close cellmate that's Adolf Hitler. so, yes, hell really sucks. finally, we get reintroduced to a man that we met last season, hair case star, of course. he's in a role of power at Grail industries, and he's extremely interested in the power of Genesis. now, this headquarters looks to be in London. you can see the skyline back there in the background. and then he has a couple documents dropped on his desk. one is titled Jesse Custer and another pig. now I'm not entirely sure what pig is referencing, but fYI, episode 7 this season is actually titled Pig. so it looks like we're gonna find out more on this connection later in the season. now, the episode ends with tulip at the laundromat. another fun comic book reference here. those cigarettes remind me of something that John Wayne would say to Jesse in the comic books. nice touch, guys. also, hey, there's an NES for sale and a few games if you're interested. as expected, Victor's men finally catch up with tulip. and so far her backstory is pretty vague. at the moment, we don't really know what exactly went down between her and Victor. but what we do know is that we are gonna learn a whole lot more next week, as episode 4 is titled Victor. until then, guys, you can find me on Twitter at Ryan Eric P and do me a favor, hit subscribe right over here so you can come back for next week's breakdown. and also hit me up in the comments let me know which references I might have missed, which Easter eggs I might have missed, and what theories you have about what's going on right now. thanks for watching, and I'll see you next week. 