hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the story of the movie the splinter, 2008. a man comes on the scene as the movie starts. he is eating something, staying in the filling station. and that filling station was exactly at the heart of the forest. he hears a sound from his backside, and he instantly moves there to check. but he was at a great fault on this. he is attacked by a beast, leaving him wounded. now the scene takes turn, and a couple is shown in the forest. the girl name was polly, who had brought her husband forcefully for the camping trip because he wanted to visit motel. so they start camping there, but the camp loses its string while adjusting it. now holly has to agree with her husband, she has to move to motel, leaving that camp on the other side. one more couple is seen in the same forest. the boy's name was dennis. between them and his female friend is along with him. dennis was an escaped convict of a prison, and his friend was a druggie. their vehicle was broken down, so they were standing on the way. then holly and her husband drive their car from there dennis s friend asks lyft from them. first of all, they think that we should not stop our car for any unknown person. but they stop their car as being soft-hearted. at the same time, dennis appears there holding a gun, pointing his gun on them. he captures them and he grabs their car. he forcibly asks paulie to drive the car, and he throws their mobiles out of the car, getting in the car, so they may not contact police. they are driving the car. meanwhile, an animal is badly crushed under their car. due to this, their car tyre is also punctured. dennis says to paulie's husband, get up and change the car tire. he says, i don't know about it. now, dennis himself begins to change that car tire. contrarily, dennis s friend and paulie's husband go to check that crushed animal. they discover that this animal is as wired. they were not recognizing this animal, which species is this, because they had never ever witnessed such an animal. there were also stuck some spikes of that animal on the punctured tire, which are pricked in denna's hand. while changing the tire, dennis s friend says to paulie's husband, that help this animal. it is still seeming alive. i will fire my gun on you if you don't treat it. being afraid, holly's husband moves his hand towards that animal. that animal begins to stir as he moves his hand, even though it was being crushed. seeing it, dennis s friend is also scared, and she herself targets it with gun. then they run to car. dennis says to holly, drive the car immediately, she says, i will not drive the car until my husband approaches. then her husband gets in the car. as being scared, they had also changed the tire. now they move ahead, growing spikes are observed in the punctured tire. after their departure, they were growing. denna's friend is enough afraid. dennis asks her, what is the matter with you? she tells that animal was too mysterious. it was about to attack me, so i ended it. dennis thinks his friend is reacting as such for not taking drug for a long time, as she behaves when she does not drug. he says to polly, why are you not driving the car speedily? drive it speedily. so holly starts to drive fast as a result, the engine is overheated, and the car stops at a filling station. it was the same filling station that had been viewed at the start of the movie, which was at the heart of the forest. dennis's friend is still worried. while getting off the car, dennis says to her, i don't trust what is being said by you. denna's friend feels ill for this. she moves to lavatory and fury. then it is seen those people come to the store of filling station. and dennis begins to eat the placed edible things there, because no one was there. in the same store, holly glimpses a phone. and paulie's husband is cleaning the car outside. he had also filled fuel in the car. denna's friend was finding difficulty to open the door when she had gone to lavatory. she tries much, and finally opens the door. she is left astonished at what she observes in the lavatory. obviously, you will also be astonished. there is a badly wounded man whose face was growing the same bristles which was growing from that animal and attire. those were splinters. she tells dennis about all of this coming from there, but dennis does not trust on her any told story again. at the same time, the same man with grown splinters comes towards them. he attacks denna's friend. now dennis had trusted his friends told story. he begins to fire his gun on the splinter to rescue her. but he is unable to rescue her. it is seen here that splinter had captured her. here it means that girl who was being proved false by dennis, he did not believe in her. dennis feels very bad that she continued to speak truth and i did as such. now, that splinter moves towards paulie's husband, but he immediately runs inside the store. now, dennis, holly and her husband are in the store. paulie hurriedly picks up the phone to contact police, and she may reveal what is actually happening here. but dennis breaks that phone while snatching it. he warns that you will not contact police. i am an escaped convict of a prison. police officers will arrest me if they arrive here. why do you not get the point? but holly says to him, you are also not understanding. we will be ended if we don't inform police. police officers will be able to get control over this creature. if they arrive here, they will at least rescue us. if they come, you will be arrested. if they don't come, you will be died. just think about it. overlooking her, dennis begins to thieve the money of the store. then he watches the recording of the cctv camera after taking it out. he observes his friend's dead body in movement. he thinks as his friend is still alive. he opens the store door to discover her and bring inside. holly's husband says to him, look, we will not allow you to enter if you are also infected. we will lock the door from inside. dennis says, all right, let me check at once. and dennis moves outside with this he is dragging his friend's dead body into the store. the black blood was releasing from her. it was not sure either it was blood or not. that body starts attacking dennis, but paulie's husband locks the store door, pulling him inside before it dennis friend's hand is also caught in the same door, which is dropped inside the store after dismembering. that hand was releasing the same black blood, and it was also growing the spikes. spikes were appearing there, where the blood's drops were falling. holly's husband tells it is surely an infection. it is fungus which consumes blood for its survival. consuming the same blood, it grows splinter. then they begin to hear a loud sound of anything. she was denna's friend, who was hitting her head on the store's glass. so that glass may be broken off, and it may come inside witnessing it. dennis is grieved because his friend was in worst condition. she was badly wounded. he was also feeling guilty. why did he not trust her she could survive yet? but holly and her husband explain him that, look, she has now turned into a mysterious creature. your friend has been died a time ago. don't worry about her. she will also kill us in case she enters. they take him away from the door. then they come to the innermost side, so they may escape from the back door. but they hear such sound here as denna's friend is walking on the roof, moving towards the backside of store. they return back at the same place and lock the door. there is police officers out of the glass door. as they come outside, that lady officer points her gun on dennis, and she orders come outside. holly attempts to explain to her that there is a threat outside. you may also get in your car, but she does not follow her. she says, it is thoroughly wrong that you have intruded in someone's store. she is saying them to come outside. dennis is also hiding himself there, saying, i will not appear outside. then the splinter creature appears there and dissects the police officer, and it kills her mercilessly. meanwhile, it is observed when dennis's finger had been pricked by the splinter, then it had also created the fungus there. now his hand was also turning into black, like that creature. but he keeps it secret from polly and her husband because he was unfair man. he had thought that police will arrest me going outside, so it is better to remain with them. now, paulie's husband suggests them that if we burn the parked vehicle outside, then police will approach here, thinking filling station has set on fire, and they will rescue us. coming here, we will also have a real cause to tell why we are hidden in the store. polly says to her husband i appreciate your plan. now they start to bring it into practice. dennis flows some petrol out from the back door. but paulie's husband says to him, be careful. this place may not catch the fire and we may be killed. at the same time, holly's husband hears the sound of police phone, and he connects some cables to pull it. denna's friend appears there. as he moves those cables out of the window, paulie's husband begins to pull those cable forcefully, but dennis friend's hand is also drooped inside. along with it. it was still growing the splinters from it, which start attacking them, protecting from that hand. they come to the freezer. there were a few bottles and placed icy things. while dennis friend's hand is left outside, it does not able to reach inside it. they breathe a sign of relief. luckily, we have been secured from that hand. meantime, dennis begins to feel something strange in his hand. it begins to grow the same splinters which are extended to his arm. dennis struggles much to avoid their spread. shishi catches it tightly, but his hand itself begins to dissect. now, his whole arm was broken off. he thinks, i will have to cut it so it may not spread throughout my body. now he catches a small knife, but unable to cut it, as his hand is in the control of another person. now paulie's husband courageously cuts his arm. then he breaks off his arm with the hard object so it may be dissected. it was a pathetic part of the movie. dennis feels the terrible pain because of it. but that infected hand was not joined with his body. it falls down after breaking off. but that hand was not attacking them. now they probe on it. then they come to know that because they are in the cold place, so that hand is not attacking them, because their body is not releasing heat waves which may be sensed by that hand. it attacks only in hot climate. knowing it, they feel satisfaction, as they will be able to take any step. holly's husband was studying phd. so he had a lot of information. he reduces his body heat, and polly assists her. then they plan that he will go near the police vehicle and asks for help. he carries it out. now holly is throwing the fire flammable liquid outside, so splinter may reach there is being attracted and her husband may remain safe from it. holly's husband was moving towards that vehicle, lifting the ice bags. his legs were shivering because of feeling extreme cold. and he loses the grip of ice bag and it falls down. anyhow, he gets in the car. now his body temperature was matching with outside climate temperature. it means that it was raising. consequently, splinter begins to come to him. polly is witnessing this all from the store. she says to her husband, while shouting, beware, splinter is moving towards you. then her husband locks the vehicle's door, and splinter begins to assault him. now dennis comes out of the store. he had also gripped the firework to attract the attention of the creature so it may leave paulie's husband. he throws that firework to another direction. now that creature starts moving to dennis, following him to store. dennis tries best to attack it, but nothing was seeming operative. then paulie's husband brings a shotgun from the police vehicle, and he begins to fire it on those creatures. meantime, dennis friend's hand also reaches there and tries to attack, but the place catches fire because of those fireworks, and that hand burns to fire. dennis says to polly and her husband, go outside, holding me this gun. denna's heart is turned, and he was ready to sacrifice himself. he starts to fire his gun on the splinters. and he himself moves to the flames at the backside, so those splinters may step in the fire while pursuing him, and they may be ended. now it is seen that his shotguns magazine had emptied and he had been badly wounded. polly and her husband come to him. they ask about his condition. at the same time, dennis hands them over a key. it is the key of a bank account. i had killed lady's husband. now i have realized my mistake. my heart has turned. i apologize from everyone. give this key to that lady. afterwards, he says to polly and her husband, go away. i will come back mending the situation. now holly and her husband also knew, as being badly wounded, he cannot be recovered. but they have to leave from there. is being compelled because they had no other option. dennis fires his gun on the lying gas tank there. as they depart consequently, the whole filling station catches fire, and that splinter also meets its end along with dennis. and holly and her husband were moving on foot, far away from that place, forever rescuing their lives. but it is noticed one more wounded animal is lying there, which has been infected by that fungus. and the movie also completes on this scene. 