welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and we're back with another picaud breakdown. our mission is to boldly go where no one has gone before and give our thoughts on the new entry, as well as what could be happening in the future. throughout this video, we'll be discussing the ins and outs of the forth episodes plot, it's Easter eggs, and what we thought of it as a whole. we will be engaging with heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to catch the show yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every week. and without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into a breakdown of Piccard, episode 4. ok, so just a quick recap of the series so far. after the death of datastore at dodge, the cod made it his mission to track down a twin sister, solji. but Cod wanted to set out into the stars to locate her. and after being denied by Starfleet, he finally got a crew together to travel to the vastness of space in order to locate a episode four centers primarily around the titular character, his crew and a Romulan orphan named el noir that picaud helped to rescue during a supernova that shaped many events in the show. the episode opens with Admiral Picard travelling to CL noir as a young boy. and he fills in a lot of the blanks from his past. it's revealed that 14 years prior, picaud settled the Romulan refugees on Vashti. there is a mention of 10,000 refugees. and this actually ties in heavily with the prequel comic book, Star Trek, the cod countdown, in that the character in a ship the Verity, were asked to evacuate the 10,000. it's during this mission that he and Rafi were taken hostage by the Romulan government, who revealed that there were actually five million inhabitants on the planet that needed saving, but that the Romulans only wish to save their own people. they defeated the corrupt government and evacuate the 10,000 and over a quarter of a million more. but as we know, Starfleet was not there to save the rest of the planet. and thus many of the survivors remained on Basti. vashti itself is named after the first queen of Persia in the book Esther. and during that the Queen was banished from the kingdom after refusing to show her PE during a banquet. this is merged slightly in the episode in which Elinor, who Nessus both the child in adult, carries a lot of disdain for picard because he believes he was absent. Picard shows up in his fancy suits, whilst the Romulans are forced to live on an underdeveloped planet. and it's clear that the promises he makes about the Federation are ultimately shown to be untruthful. the synth attack breaks his word, and this Eleanor grows up disliking the character. after the credits jump to the present, 14 years after the intro, we see Picard returning to Vashti to try and recruit Eleanor. on his mission. we join Rios Reed in the tragic sense of life, which, as we discussed last week, was a book on how death gives life purpose. and this is mirrored in Picard's mission and his now finite time left alive. rios gives a much better description of the book in the episode than i did, but yeah, there's a lot of parallels here. his diagnosis is put a ticking clock on his life, and he seems to be trying to live out the best of both worlds. with the holodeck placing the character back on the chateaux. once more, we learned that Vashti is in the middle of a power vacuum run by gangsters and crime lords. and it's basically Mos Eisley. but in Star Trek, Vashti is also part of the Romulan rebirth movement. and is also lip service paid to the way of absolute candor, which is basically when you have a drink and go on it to a rant. but in real life, it's the opposite of what the Romulans tend to do, as they are normally this strong and silent type. but this allows them to speak their mind. and felt it. Raffy tries to talk Picard out of it, and we see how the death of dodge has made the character feel like perhaps he has a chance to redeem himself, not only in Sochi, but also in Eleanor once he arrives on the planet, we realized that, though Picard necessarily isn't in the good books at Starfleet, many still view him as the embodiment of it. he stands there a charming man who is all front and really just full of empty promises to the Romulans. the fact that he resigned from Starfleet shows that he never really had any intention of truly helping them and was only in it for the glory. whilst we know that this isn't really the case, and it was more due to being at his wits end, this stepping down has made you realize that perhaps the character isn't the selfless pillar of gird that we once believed him to be. back on the board cubed, Sochi is investigating the past aramta, who, as we know, was part of the last ship to be simulated by the station. she mentions the destroyer which she accused Shoji of being. and I actually have a theory that Shoji maybe the next Borg Queen. I keep meaning to mention this every video, but I keep forgetting. so I'm making a point of doing at this time. Shoji can speak to the drones without knowing how. as we know, she is the melding between synthetic and organic. and though I have seen some people say that this could make her one of the Borg if you're gonna go all out, then as a show, you might as well have the Queen appear rather than just a lowly drone. she is called the destroyer, which the queen would have a reputation of being. and there's a lot of way to this theory sprinkled throughout the episode, including the revelation that she was sent to the cube, and not that she was requested to go there. there are questions about her identity and who she really is. and I think this makes a lot of sense. on a date with Marik, she asks the piece, tell she which he says he isn't. but this is then followed up by him saying that if he was, he wouldn't tell her. as we know, he is duplicitous. and thus the second answer is more likely the truth. whether it's his clothes mission or his sister being tied heavily in with the shadowy organization, it does seem like he's indeed one of them actually. do you think he is falling for her? and who knows, he may be instrumental in her believing picaud we know his sister is likely going to become the big bad so it does leave wiggle room for him to switch sides. we see him and his sister discussing the fact that they're using Shoji to find a nest of synthetics, which is where she potentially came from. I think this may be located at free cloud, where Bruce Maddox is, as we know, due to the ban on synthetics, he traveled into the universe to continue working on his perfect machine. we discover that narak is becoming her boyfriend, because if she is pushed to odd, she will activate like dodge did, and potentially enable her combat systems. we jump with Picard back to Vashti, and it's a shadow of the planet that he landed on almost 15 years prior. everyone looks at him like he's just told them he's gonna be building a monorail in the area. and there are clear Romulan Oni zones, which mirror the separation of race that used to exist across the world. he's given less time than he'd hoped for. when Rafi sends word that an incoming bird of prey carries conch ATAR on it. it is an older model rather than a newer one. and it provides our first big face battle in the series. Elinor doesn't seem that up for going with Picard, and even becomes more anger that jean-luc seemingly cared more for his dead friend Danny did the living child that he made a promise to. he rejects his requests worse than those people who watch every video and don't subscribe when I ask them to. and picaud starts trouble in the town center in order to get him to come to his aid. he rips the Romulans Oni sign off and enters the bar. Picard comes face to face with the senator from the aforementioned comic book run we mentioned earlier, and we see that he's devolved from a high-ranking official to a man that lives in poverty. he reiterates how angered everyone is over him. Romulan says, we've seen or a proud race. and the ex-senator believes that the Romulans could have actually saved themselves had they been left to their own devices, instead of being filled with false hope. now, a dude thing that this once more adds way to the theory that the Romulans actually carried out the synthetic attack on Mars whilst they were in the midst of a supernova in order to make Starfleet look bad and for the sins to be hated. as we know from Admiral Clancy, there were 14 systems threatening to leave Starfleet that did not end up going because of the synthetic uprising. and this made androids banned throughout the universe. we do know that Romulans hate synthetics, and perhaps they hacked them in order to make the rest of the galaxy join them in banning the machines. I don't want to get all bush knocked down the towers, but there's definitely a lot more going on here. the fact that their planet was on the brink of destruction during this would give them the perfect alibi. and personally, I believe that's what happened. anyway, we see firsthand that Eleanor is a brilliant fighter, and he binds himself to Picard in order to protect him. I got a lot of Legolas vibes here. and the cod makes a public apology like he's just been canceled. the show ends with an epic space battle and an ally joining the fight. with their ship failing, they beam them aboard, and it's revealed to be seven of nine. it's an awesome way to end the episode, and it's great to see her back in a Star Trek show. as for a feelings for Picard, Jeri Ryan recently discussed how she views him in an interview with IGN, which I'll play right now. 7, I think, holds Starfleet and the Federation in large part responsible for the universe has is a mess. and I think she's sort of, initially, she's Picard as a representation of that. she's been working, I think, I'm allowed to say, with sort of a group of feet of freedom fighters called the thunderous Rangers, who are trying to keep some semblance of order in the mess that is the galaxy. this is the first time that seven and a car had actually meet. they know each other by reputation, and as I said before, the sevens not on the oh, he's a god bandwagon, I think, initially, when she meets him, because she she holds him partly responsible for what Starfleet has done in her so we know a lot from that. no, they haven't met before. I do think it's going to add an interesting dynamic to the show. as mentioned, she works for a group of freedom fighters. and Picard may even end up reaching out to her allies. in the next episode, we see them traveling to a more offbeat planet, dressed as pirates Athene. this is where they could end up trying to meet the group. I did enjoy the episode so far. and overall, the series has been great for me. thank you everyone who stuck with the channel. and I hope you've been enjoying the recaps too. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on Picard, so comment below and let me know. and if you want to catch up on our breakdown so far, then click the playlist, which is gonna be linked at the end. every month, on the 15th, we give away free blu-rays, and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning dr. sleep is leave a like and subscribe with notifications on if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us on our discord server, or a definition whitey on Twitter. thanks for making it till the end of the video. I've been definition, you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace [Music] you 