hello. my name is Steven, and today I'm going to talk about twelve Monkeys, a deadly virus released in 1996 wipes out almost all of humanity, forcing survivors to live underground. a group known as the army of the 12 monkeys is believed to have released the virus in 2035, James Cole is a prisoner living in a subterranean compound beneath the ruins of Philadelphia. Cole is selected to be trained and sent back in time to find the original virus in order to help scientists develop a cure. meanwhile, Cole is troubled by recurring dreams involving a foot chase and shooting at an airport Cola in Baltimore in 1990, not 1996, as planned. he is arrested then hospitalized in a mental hospital on the diagnosis of dr. Kathryn Railly. there he encounters Jeffrey Goines, a mental patient with fanatical environmentalist and anti corporatist views. Cole is interviewed by a panel of doctors, and he tries to explain that the virus outbreak has already happened and nobody can change it. after an escape attempt, Cole is sedated and locked in a Cell, but disappears moments later and wakes up back in 2035. he is interrogated by the scientists, who play a distorted voice mail message that asserts the association of the army of the 12 monkeys with the virus. he is also shown photos of numerous people suspected of being involved, including Goines. the scientists offer call a second chance to complete his mission and send him back in time. he arrives at a battlefield during World War one, is shot in the leg, and then is suddenly transported to 1996. in 1996, Railly gives a lecture about the cassandra complex to a group of scientists. at the post lecture book signing, she meets dr peters, who tells her that apocalypse alarmists represent the same vision, while humanity's gradual destruction of the environment is the real lunacy :. you after seeing flies publicizing it. and when Railly departs, he kidnaps her and forces her to take him to Philadelphia. they learn that Goines is the founder of the army of the 12 monkeys and set out in search of him. when they confront him, Goines denies any involvement with the group and says that in 1990, Cola rigea nated the idea of wiping out humanity with a virus stolen from Goines virologist father, about to be apprehended by police. Cole is transported back to 2035, where he reaffirms to the scientists his commitment to his mission. but when he finds rally again in 1996, he tells her he now believes himself crazy, as she had suggested all along. Railly, meanwhile, has discovered evidence of his time-travel, which she shows him, and she no longer believes he is insane. they decide to depart for the Florida Keys before the onset of the plate. on their way to the airport, they learned that the army of the 12 monkeys was not the source of the epidemic. the group's major act of protest is releasing animals from a zoo and placing Goines father in an animal cage at the airport. Cole leaves a last message, telling the scientists that in following the army of the 12 monkeys, they are on the wrong track, and that he will not return. he is soon confronted by Jose, an acquaintance from his own time, who gives Cola handgun an ambiguously instructs him to follow orders. at the same time, Railly spots dr peters and recognizes him from a newspaper photograph as an assistant that Goines father's virology lab. peters is about to embark on a tour of several cities that match the locations in sequence of the viral outbreaks. Cole forces his way through a security checkpoint in pursuit of Peter's after drawing the gun he was given, Cole is fatally shot by police. as Cole lies dying in Raley's arms, Railly suddenly begins to scan the crowd around her, seemingly looking for something she knows must be there. she finally makes eye contact with a small boy, the young James caught witnessing the scene of his own death, which will replay in his dreams for years to come. Peter's safely aboard the plane with the virus, sits down next to Jones, one of the scientists from the future, who comments that her job is insurance. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music], 