welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead, season 10, episode 18. jump on your motorcycle and grab your crossbow. it's a daryl episode. and daryl's not alone. it's the best duo in the show. it's dog, yeah. oh, and, uh, carol's coming along too. they're taking a motorcycle ride to go look for supplies or whatever. which means, yes, this is another episode of mostly two characters walking around the woods with all their setbacks. recently, the kingdom and hilltop destroyed. alexandria in bad shape. carol asks if their luck has run out, but daryl's like, nah, he's got optimism. they'll fix it now. dog smells something and runs off. leads them to a dilapidated cabin in the woods. but turns out daryl and dog have been here before. who's this woman? it's a flashback episode. yes. let's go back to the beginning of the time jump, when daryl was out in the wilderness searching for rick grimes a years past. and he hasn't found a trace of rick, but he does find a little puppy dog. oh. the dog runs away for now, mama bear, carol's bringing him care packages and one night during his storm, his map of where he's searched already is washed away, and he has a breakdown, but then the rain pours down upon him, symbolic of whatever. anyway, a whole year later, he meets a grown-up dog, and this time he takes him back to that cabin in the woods, but it's not empty. well, there's a woman living here. per usual zombie apocalypse rules, she has to time up for a bit. she's eventually convinced he's a good guy and lets him go. and over the course of the next few years, they have a really drawn out romance, seeing each other like once every eight months. daryl takes a move out of carl's playbook when he hid with enid from the zombies in the tree, they had to get real close together. then he invents his own courtship move. or he just throws a fish at her door. daryl, i'm not sure that one's a winner. they both want to be hermits on their own, but eventually they decide, let's be hermits together. and so for like 10 months, they're having a beautiful romance. it's a great time. uh. she's got some sob story about how her son died, but actually it was her sister's son. but actually it wasn't her sister, it was her friend. so eventually they have a big fight, though, because daryl still goes out every day searching the river for rick grimes. she's like, yo, do you belong out there, or do you belong here with me? and he's like, nah, i belong out there. but a little while later, he realizes he made a huge mistake and goes back to find her. but, oh no, the cabin's vacant. now, he leaves her a note, i belong with you, and he takes dog to go look for her. but just like rick, she's vanished without a trace. so back in the present, he was telling carol this whole story, and she's like, hey, man, it wasn't your fault, but now it's daryl's been kind of a dick. like, yo, it's your fault connie got trapped in the mine and she's like, yeah, i know. i apologized. but daryl's real mad at her, and he's like, yo, i don't want to be friends with you anymore. maybe it's my fault. i have no emotional depth, and i don't understand what they're fighting about or maybe the writers are just forcing these two to fight to add drama because nothing else is really going on right now. either way, it's awkward now cause they're in the middle of nowhere, and he was her ride, and nighttime's coming. so even though they just had a huge fight, they gotta have a sleepover here together. will they fight even more? will they make up? will they hook up? find out next time on the walking dead. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 