[Applause]. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. the episode starts off by showing a family passing through the town of gaitersburg. they stopped to fill up the tank. the whole place seemed to be a ghost town. hello. they stumble across a gatorment, a creature that is half gator and the rest human. they flee before anything happens. meanwhile, fred receives a package from mystery mr e gives me the creeps. it was a purse. inside the package a tip from him to look into gaitersburg. but that's impossible. the gang went to gaitersburg to see if there's anything worth looking into. this is what happens when a civilization is founded on an entirely gator-based economy. after looking around for a while, fred thought that there's nothing there more like a wild gator chase. they were about to leave, but someone has stolen the engine of the mystery machine. a man approaches and he shows them a hotel to stay in for the night, and advises them not to leave their rooms, new one from crystal cove. they checked in the hotel, but greta gator, had some hotel rules your last names are gator and you live in gatorsburg. scooby-doo had no choice but to sleep in the mystery machine. i'll see you in the morning, buddy, i hope. so later, shaggy is worried about scooby, so he decided to check on him. i got really worried about scoob scooby was being pursued by the gator people. [Applause] fred, daphne and scooby managed to escape from the gator people. the group gets out of the hotel. they understand that the gator people were trying to chase them out of the town. for some reason they're stopping. [Music]. they found a crate full of gator products. daphne deduced of the products are fake. what happened? i'm allergic to imitation animal skin. they trapped the gator people using one of fred's traps. it turns out they were making imitation gator products, selling them and protecting their business by scaring away anyone snooping around the town like there's no engine in the mystery machine. it's haunted. mystery fixed a mystery machine and has left them a note. hope you had a good time in gaitersburg. [Music], 