den of thieves is the 50 cent produced movie that has one of the wackiest endings of the year so far. and just because of that alone, in my opinion, makes it a solid rensen. let me explain. we start off in LA. which is known as the robbery capital of the world, so much so that they even got a stat in the beginning of the movie that says that three banks get robbed a day. so of course, we begin by seeing a couple of dudes commit a robbery. they hijack an armored truck. chatter Bob from eight-mile, if you remember him, continues to be trigger-happy, and he accidentally shoots one of the cops, and thus they end up killing all of them before they dipped. the next day, Gerard Butler and his crew roll up, and they noticed that these dudes stole an empty truck that didn't have any money in it. but they also realized that they're connected to a series of other high-profile thefts. we get the lowdown on the thieves, who are made up of Vin Diesel 2.0, a bunch of Samoans to make up for the rock Ice Cube jr. and 57 playing 50 cents. now here's the thing, they keep setting up that these cops are way worse than the criminals. all the trailers were about how they're a gang of their own, but they jack most of them just stand around. and it's really Gerard Butler who fouls it up to 11, who, for whatever reason, was doing his best drunk Russell Crowe impression. I think they tried her a little too hard, trying to make this dude come off as, you know, like a tough guy, to the point that he's eating Donuts off dead bodies. he's randomly telling other men he wants to have sexual intercourse with them, just to make them feel uncomfortable. in other words, never go full Butler, Gerard finds O'Shea's character working at a bar that seems to be a neutral ground for criminals and officials, like some sort of John wick pup. but as soon as he's off his shift, the cops tase, kidnap and interrogate O'Shea to figure out what's up. but O'Shea tells him nothing, since he says that the dudes came up to him and he's pretty much just a pawn in their game. the movie reminds you again how messed up Butler's character is when he comes home drunk and his wife calls him out because he accidentally accidentally sent her the text that was meant for the stripper. Oh, Hewlett, he gets a divorce. we then find out that the main plan Merriman has is to rob the one place that has never been robbed, the Federal Reserve. the idea is to take all of the wasted money, the ones that have become unmarked because the reserved strips to serial numbers in order to replace them with fresh currency, and Jack all thirty million dollars of it, before he gets shredded and Hoss in the garbage. when its crew asked him how he knows all about this and how he knows how to plan this heist, he literally just says, don't worry about it, homie. what the fast-forward to another series of cringy scenes with Butler where he disrupts a dinner and then disrupts another dinner, and then he goes to a gun range, and then he sleeps with a stripper who's actually Merriman's girl, in order to know where the heights is going down. and that's actually all part of Merriman's plan, which the thieves start setting up the plan by having O'Shea join Asian posts mates and drop off a delivery at the Federal Reserve, but hide the second takeout in the bathroom. Friday eventually comes and it's time to rob the Federal Reserve, and they end up at a Quicken Loans instead. so here's what's really happening. earlier in the movie, the cops talk about how the bad guys are actually former military and are really good at sneaking into tunnels and sewers. and so the cops don't mind checking the tunnels and sewers. the thieves plan is to Jack some money from the Quicken Loans, escape through the sewer line, use the empty armored truck from the beginning of the movie and then go make a drop-off at the Federal Reserve that they forced a manager to set up. meanwhile, Gerrard still over at the Quicken Loans with all of his crew, thinking that they're holding people hostage. they go in to make the drop-off, cheddar Bob cuts the power and get this, within these little money cubes that they're dropping off all the money, and they got O'Shay hiding in there. he gets out while the power's out, and takes the unmarked bills, puts them in bags and tosses him down the garbage chute. and then Zach and Cody's himself out of the vault, which makes you question why he just didn't Zack &amp; Cody himself in. he picks up the food delivery he left days ago in the bathroom and gives it to the lady who conveniently ordered the same thing, but like, it's old Asian food. and then just magically walks out, like this place is known as being the place that has never been robbed. yet. it has a front door guard who goes, yo, you never checked in. come on, bro. okay. at this point, Butler finally gets what's happening. he rushes to the Federal Reserve and makes it just in time to kidnap and beat O'Shay, take them and then have a Sicario gun shootout with the remaining thieves who, all time, they checked the back of the SUV. and it turns out that all the bags that they had taken from the garbage truck are all full of shredded money. and then they notice that all che also escaped the truck while they were having the shootout. it's at this point where one of the this movie was clearly watching an old Bryan Singer movie and decided to throw in a little twist. when Butler goes back to O'Shea's bar to search for him, and he finds out that he quits. he also gets reminded about how many people go there, the people who drive the armored trucks, plumbers, electricians, workers from the quickenloans, workers from the federal reserve's cops and bad guys, and how they all talk a little bit too much when they're tipsy. but O'Shea was always listening, because he's actually the one who comes up with the entire plan having the bar be right outside the Federal Reserve. he was the one who actually recruited Merriman, who agreed to do it only if he could pretend to be in charge. and OSHA pretends to be a helper, so then he can Keyser s\xc3\xb6ze you the whole thing at the end. Butler gets got and we end this movie in London, where OSHA and his buddy have moved to Nevada Bar battle British accent, and are scoping out a jewelry store as their next heist. but I still can't get over him Zac encoding those vents. thank you guys for checking out this video. as always, let me know your thoughts on this movie. did it work for you? did it not that I get a little too crazy. did it not make sense that we saw scenes where he was pretending to audition as a driver when he didn't have to? let me know your thoughts on this and any other movies that you want me to coverage is put it down below in the comment section. until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a bag of unmarked bills you can use anywhere. 