humanity is at a crossroads. the world as it is today, the poverty, the hunger, the greed and war, it's no longer sustainable. the time has come to wipe the slate clean, friends. it's time for the apocalypse. well, the apocalypse is here, I guess. I hope so. yeah, me too. we also had one of the strangest crossovers in history, I'm confident. and to take this chance, damn, that got dark really quickly. I was not expecting that at all. let's break down episode 9, fire and rain. now, make sure you subscribe for these weekly breakdowns, and we're also doing character deep dives. earlier this week we shared a video and everyone's favorite fashion icon, myrtles snow, let us know who you want us to examine next. alright, episode 9, fire and rain. overall thoughts. great. ok. I I can, I can see how they're going to end this. you can see the fin you see it. I can see the finish line. you can see how they can end it. yeah. but honestly, I would hope that maybe they stretch this out, push it into the next season. that would be incredible. it's not gonna happen, obviously. it would be awesome at the end of the season finale, if it says to be continued. and in season 9, is a continuation of the apocalypse story, because a lot needs to happen in a matter of one hour, actually, less than in one hour. we were here last year with Colt, and we said the same thing for their pen told me in episode we thought, oh, there was no way how they gonna wrap it all together. and well, they found the way. I have a feeling they're gonna do the same thing. yeah, yeah. overall, I'm not a big fan, you know, this of all the flashbacks, the entire season of flashbacks, it feels like they're just throwing stuff on the wall and seeing what sticks. but there's no explanation on what is on the wall and why it's there, and how it all it connects. like, I don't the plot of, like, what's gonna happen? I I just, I think it's fallen flat for me this year. I think there's a plan, but again, I feel like the plan for them started very early, from return to Murder House, and then from there, I hope it wasn't okay, now, what are we doing next? where do we go? Fragger, there was a plan. I hope to god they had an ending. yeah. I mean, start, we all know that American Horror Story can get absurd at times, yep, especially in this episode. but the highs are so high. like when they went back to Murder House, it was so much fun to see all those characters kind of cross over together. they peaked. yeah, yeah, clearly. um. but I just hope that this season finale can really kind of wrap it all up and give us that same feeling, because last few episodes haven't been that strong. in my opinion. all of this just needs to end. the worst part is, I just realized, I hate this [ __ ] coffee. this coffee tastes like burnt [ __ ] why is this called signature Rose? who is signing for this? [ __ ] right, Gregg's let's break it down. this episode starts off and we're still in the past. we're not yet at present-day apocalypse. not yet. yeah, yeah. we're back at Caen eros robotics with Jeff and mutt, our favorite Dumb and Dumber billionaires that, you know, have a plan that they're slowly trying to, you know, end the world, but it's not really happening for them, yet? no. but they pretty much tell you everything right then in their that they're the guys who started the apocalypse, which is race. it is pretty ridiculous that they are the main antagonists that start this entire thing because Mehmet had a bad day at work, yeah, but that starts the apocalypse. Wow. obviously they have the crazy technology behind them. I thought it was really cool to see the opening shot of the handgun to to his head. yeah. because we thought we had last week, yeah, or someone. I thought it was literally probably miss Meade or or Venable tables trailers with a green exactly that that teaches you to take away the grain of salt, because it looks so realistic. but it was just a hand and obviously had no bullets in there. so we saw the gun. is this still check-offs gun here, even though no one was shot at the end of the episode? can we come back to this in the next episode? yeah. [Music]. their fate is still up in the area, right? I mean, we obviously don't see them in present-day. he's somebody. he is emailing somebody on on that that when he's in his room. huh? who is he email? maybe it's them. it's got it. is he still in touch with them? I think so. so they survived. they're in another outpost somewhere else, safe and safe and sound. he's emailing someone operative. yeah, that's for sure. it just feels to me that, like, they can't coexist in the long term, right? the Lincoln's gonna get sick of them at some point. yeah. although he needs that, he he needs the direction, like they need to push him, cuz he's such a young, immature boy still, like he need some guidance. he grew, what, 10 years in yeah. so there you go. yeah, in New Orleans, and miss robichaux's Academy, the witches coven, they're hanging out, yeah, you know, having a good time. I like seeing Zoey, like, leading a class. very cool. she's, you know, increased her level in her ranking in the coven. I like the world-building here. yeah, yeah, we cool. what else to be learned? okay, so we learned that Mallory, she's still trying to work on her resurrection powers. all right. what's the word for the term? they call it, Everett Ellis patella metallus. yes, she's still working on manifestly. yeah. so she hasn't perfected that. we saw previously that she brought that deer back, basically brought that deer back to life and made it a young bond again or something, which I needs time for her powers apparently, to mature, right? she's or she can just, you know, find Cordelia and push it down some stairs. speed this up, in don't you dare kill Cordelia. sorry. yeah. so if that is true though, right? if the supreme does die, then hopefully, as we allude to in this later Christ, hey, you know, those powers would then go to the younger, ascending supreme. let's take something, girl. you just gonna take some pearls and throw them on the ground or something at some point, cuz you got to speed this up. you're pushing too hard. think about that bird. it's a nice little nod to misty day in the oven pilot, when she, you know, brings that bird back to life in front of the churchgoers. and that like starts the whole thing when they freak out and then they burn her at the stake. misty could reach into that place between life and death and draw a soul back from the precipice, back to this side, back to life, we also learn about this or a shield that's, yeah, over the Academy. apparently no one can get in. now, the writers or shield, it cools do that. and before I can even finish rolling my eyes, Michael walks through the front door, right out of Dina. so Dina totally backstabs. well, you know, they're not totally friend friendly with the witches, the voodoo queen. but she makes a deal with Michael to let gain entrance, and then she gets her show greenlit, 13 episodes of her show greenlit. hey, Dina, do you understand that there won't be a world to watch your show? like, no one will watch your show? why would you agree to such a deal? maybe she doesn't know that Michael's ultimate plan. probably does know that part destroy the world, you know, because why the hell else would you want to become the Oprah of entertainment if he knew the world was coming to an end? I told Cordelia what I was gonna do to all of you. I have deaths to avenge. so Michael barges right through and, you know, easily dispatches of all those witches quick and we get missed. me. now, 2.0, Rosie the robot straight up. it's going to town in that room. and then also, he's actually uses his powers for a moment there. we get a cool scene of that with, yeah, that was cool, but the balls is gone. bubbles is gone. Robo Meade kills Zoe and Queenie. yes, we knew, because they weren't in the room. in the future, right? for Halloween. yes? they're so quick to do the aura thing over the house and just throw that together. and then we yeah, they're gonna do the same thing with they, they their souls are gone forever. no, Mallory or someone will bring them back, or just time travel. so the remaining which is Cordelia and Mallory, Myrtle and Madison, try to say that quickly. they all go back to the swamp, to misty days, her little Day Spa on the swamp. she's gone. she's off gallivanting with Stevie Nicks, the White Witch, yep. and they hang out over there. not totally safe, you know, anyone could come there and kill them. and then finally, Madison comes clean about the powers that Michael has. now, I remember that Madison was sent to the murder house to get, gather this intel on Michael Langdon probably should have been taking notes. I think, you know, one of those notes should have been, hey, Michael, has his power weakened like burned souls and erased him from exist? and underline that part a few times. it's the first thing you come back and tell. Cordelia, he she didn't say that to anybody. at the same time, had she said anything with this change in you the events, no, Greg, they would have put a double or a spell on the house that would have blocked everything. yeah, erase. double irate. no erasies. triple stamped it. no erasies to make it a rope. madison, you had one job. it's not one job. oh, all. this isn't her fault. also, i can't believe i'm defending her in the ninth episode. I never knew I'd get to this point where I'm defending gotta save this far we should not be defending her. yes, I will. so we find out that Rosie the robot is actually being controlled by Jeff and mud in this West world style tactic. it seems like there's a little bit of both, right? she can like, control on she works on her own. but also, they can change the narrative by just like typing into a box, and they have, like, the the camera there. you really don't want to think about that too long or too hard, because that, come on, they really, they're the entire time. are they still doing this image? that's your question. yeah, I don't I think that they give her some sort of free will. they have the technology to make, yeah, her like, you know, West world style robot. but they also can just kind of jump in there and just change some stuff really quickly, and manipulate, you know, Michael in that way. yeah. but for a moment there, it seemed as if Michael knew that they're actually, I don't know if he did, though I thought he was catching on to it, but he still went along with it, cuz he's such an impressionable young Antichrist. I feel like he was, he'll listen anything. I thought he was gonna figure it out and then just set her on fire, and they'd have to make a new one. but he keep on, yeah, I do mind havin to do it, but that would have been a cool little idea. but now, all right, cool, funny little joke here. Michael says that he may be, his plan should be to become the president mm-hmm. and his need is like a robo meet is like, no, that's probably not a good idea. that's the omen three. it's the omen three. a fun little reference there, Michael. it sounds like the plot of the omen three. is this where you're getting your ideas? well, I'm in the worlds to look so like there's a bunch of reference material on how to be the Antichrist. I have not seen the omen three, by the way, either of I. and we got to go back and watch the first element, apparently, because remember, we we missed the birth mark, birthmark, not to birthmark, Chris mark, guy's birthmark behind the ear. 666. we learn a little bit more info on the co-operative. so there's a list of at least 100, we don't know if it ends at 100, or just just the 100 top people you got here. it sounds like this, hundred people, the wealthiest, the rid the most rich, the powerful, most influential, are the ones that are in control, okay, of the world. all right. all right. that's the co-operative, aka the Illuminati. [Music]. so they made a joke, Warren Buffett, Bill Clinton, General Kim of North Korea and Vladimir Putin. are in this Illuminati? the co-operative. who else you think's on that list? a lot of name-dropping. oh yeah. I'm shocked they didn't say anything. they didn't say Beyonce. then they didn't do it. even a Blue Ivy joke. I thought there gonna be something like that. not yet. we'll see. one more episode to go. all right. time now to talk about time travel. Wow. yes. tempest infinitum, I believe it's how it pronounced. it is something that witches have tried to do, but never successfully done. has traveled through time and changed the course of history. even the ones a try it, apparently, have all died. yes? so let's try it. let's let this young child here, throw her in a pool. Bellary, ghost coach, I this thing. you'll be fine. don't worry. only death could happen with us. so we head to Siberia. yes. 1918. I had no clue this was coming at all. I liked it. when the screen popped up, I was like, okay, yes. so they're in Siberia, and the Romanoff family is about to get murdered by the Bolsheviks. this is on Amazon Prime. if you guys, I'm gonna watch the Romanovs, I don't know, breakdowns. if you want an accurate version of everything that goes down, you got to watch the Disney film, because Disney, the corporation, they never lie. so that's perfect. do we have a problem? huh? no, sir, no, mr. Mouse. so in this version, Anastacio, anastasiya, whatever you wanna say, she is the daughter in the family, and she's a witch, secretly, which she knew she had some sort of power, and she tries to use it in order to stop the Bolsheviks from killing the family. now, she's not strong enough. much like Mallory, she's a little too young to be using her powers, yes? okay, okay, yeah. they kind of went back in time with a less high-profile historical event, historical event that, you know, that witches might have been involved in. you know, they kind of just gave someone a lotto ticket just to test it out, you know, and hope that they don't turn in a Biff. Tannen from Back to the Future, too. but that's all. Grey's sports Almanac. you heard him, girls, party zone. why? why? 19:18, like such a high-profile event. anything could go wrong. yeah, I will, I will say this though, we know that Ryan Murphy likes to have fun with historical events, yes? and the Cossack people's, ah, yeah. and then like like last year with the cult leaders, when Evan Peters is playing, like every cult leader imaginable, I'm all for they like to go back in time and kind of tweak historical events to their own liking. so I didn't have a horrible I didn't have a huge problem with it. it was just kind of funny how that's, that's the first thing they thought out. yeah, that's that's the tool that they need to figure out how to beat this, the Antichrist. so in order to time-travel, you need to get into a bathtub with water, right? every you know, they had an in Legion. they had in Constantine. what lies beneath? wait, I could have swore they traveled through time. so Mallory is unsuccessful to help anastacio. shocking surprise. she's too young and not strong enough. so they sent her, dunked her in the water and held her breath. this goes back to Cordelia, gonna push her down some stairs, throw her in that swamp with the alligators. or Delia, give your powers up. speed this up. yeah. so she's unable to do it. she came back got some bloody eyes, and basically they realized that they just need to go to the Warlocks to ask for help. well, too late. guess what? the warlocks are dead. and Michael arranged them in a nice pentagram on the ground. oh, nice. a little like decoration for the house Antichrist was here. yeah, exactly. okay, another flashback, I think, the final flashback, I think. so we look find out that how Venable joins the cooperative. yeah, Jeff gave her a job at outpost three. so there you go. it's a little, yeah, she's like, Franklin, she's packing up all of her stuff, like, I'm gonna get out of here. stop by. HR, put my complaint. put my complaints in. so as she was HR, I a jar [ __ ]. um. and then they're like, no, we have a job for you. so that's how she basically ran a post three school. and we kind of find out how she got that much, kind of power-hungry when she was in her own space. we tell her, do whatever you want. and you know what she does. finally, Michael meets the cooperative face-to-face, or face to chrome' face things. well, the design was pretty cool. yeah, I like that. I liked it a little bit. of it reminds me of the yacyas music video for, I think, Amblin Alps. but that's where I got that look from. he said, Death Eaters. a little bit of Death Eaters, I'm Harry Potter. a little bit of Eyes Wide Shut vibes, a little bit. yes, we're seen itself. let's just say it's a weird group. yeah. it's a weird group of people there. and then, you know, Michael Langdon with the red gloves. you notice that little touch? I liked it. oh, he's going kylo Ren on this a little black and red over here. so in order to get into one of these outposts, you need $100,000,000 go. that's the cost. that's it. alright. alright. so LeBron can make it. you can make it. Beyonce, jay-z a kid can make it. I don't think Kanye is gonna, yeah, Kardashian's gonna make it. Kardashians rain Kanye. he might be left outside. okay, I got one question here. I know I'm not the only one who's got this question. I want to know who's got that Texas ranch? is it dead? or is it George? which I think it said it could fit 20 people down there in that bunker. okay, that's not a lot. if you if it's the end of the world, that's good point. yeah, all right, time now for favorite moments. I think my favorite moment was just the the every instance when Jeff and mud are kind of controlling Robo. Meade, yeah, me too. that was a fun little like thing that they had, they added to the, you know, we don't know that how the technology actually works, mm-hmm. but it was cool to see that they are kind of involved in, like, just manipulating. and it makes Michael look really bad, to be honest, though, that they're just manipulating him very easily in controlling need. but like to have an army of these androids across the earth there with with, you know, Robo, you know, tactical weaponry. mm-hmm. pretty cool idea. also, I do like this one line that Michael gives to miss me, the guys who brought me back to you. maybe they have the answers. really, they seem like a bunch of coked out nerds to me. rude. okay, it's time for Season Finale. predictions. already a season finale? yes, yes, it is. sadly, Lots got to be covered in this episode. I don't know how they're gonna do it in one hour. I think they're going to, though. they're going to try this. there's gonna be some fast scenes. you're gonna get some cameos for maybe 30 seconds. honestly, if there is a cameo with a few people that we think there are cameos for, you should get your stopwatch out and time it and see how long they're on screen, because it could be quick. we're sure going back to the murder house. yeah. well, from the trailer, it looks like we're probably going back for one more scene. yeah. so that means Constance Langdon okay, stay back. and if you take a look at Ryan Murphy's Instagram, mm-hmm-hmm, it really feels like Angela Bassett might be back. okay, so that means Marie Laveau is back. and if you even dig further into the trailer for the upcoming week, that looks like her. totally looks like her. now, again, take these trailers with a grain of salt. we've seen how we've seen how they kind of manipulate the trailers to make it look like something that doesn't really happen at all. so, but Dina's, she's given a [ __ ] face, yeah. Deena is like, oh, so that might be what happens here. she's like, I got a surprise. and Marie Laveau comes out, right. there's also another, I'd scoured a Ryan Murphy's Instagram page this entire week. there's another image of Mike, Cody fern, who plays Michael Langdon, torn, and he's torn up, and he's looking all disheveled. but more importantly, he's in a bathtub looking thing with a lot of water, just like Mallory was when she was time-traveling. is there really gonna be more time-travel? he could also just pull her out of the tub or something, into a fight. or maybe he jumps into the tub himself to try to go into the past and fix things, and they end out in the wrong year. I don't know. 1963. JFK, assassination. those witches were involved. they're involved in that too, obviously. and so were the x-men. and Stephen King. you're gonna have some stuff on it. so there you go. so many crossovers if you have too many. but there there's your season 9. boom. other things that need to happen, the construction of the outpost. I feel that they're gonna, there's gonna, they're gonna move way ahead, and they're gonna, we're gonna skip all that construction. how everyone got there? we need to figure out how the witches, what happened with that identity spell, right? oh, we're gonna get that quick. I think that's in the trailer too. I was like, so they wake up from there. didn't we spell it right? right? so that why Cordelia kind of hid them and made sure that, and how she made sure that they got into the outpost so they wouldn't reveal themselves, of great Michael or something. he's Michael. hadn't seen them before. we also need to find out, like, how Michael got that hair? I mean, he is like, short, curly. tear in two, three years, pass to Greer's. okay. I mean, that is only guy that is straightened. like, does he use a straightener every morning? yes. he's the Antichrist. oh, he can do whatever he wants with his hair. I think you and I can both agree that it's gonna come down to Michael and Mallory. we're not breaking news here. I think there'll be a twist in there somewhere, though, maybe cocoa. that is a good point. she only does the gluten stuff. she needs to be more useful than just gluten testing. you remember back to earlier in the season when Michael and Mallory first met, Met, met met each other and faced off in the in his room. and yet, the interrogation scene, malory is like the only one that Michael really fears, it seems, throughout the season. mm-hmm. so I think it's altom utley gonna come down to, you know, the son of satan versus the daughter of God, or this goddess. that's gonna be, you know, she needs to really level up and get her strength soon quick. so they're gonna just, like, smack her around a few times there were more deaths in her face, to get her to remember everything and bring back her memory. and I don't know about this, well, I looked up, I looked up the name Mallory, for the origin of Mallory. and let me read this to you. transferred use of the English surname from a French origin. it is derived from the old french Mallory. I don't have to pronounce that. sorry. I know speak French, meaning the unfortunate one, or the unlucky one, it may be. it made me think that she, she's not gonna make it out of this alive, that she's a curse. I might have to sacrifice herself. all we know, all we know to go by is a, you know, her first name, Mallory. we don't know any last names. she just playing Mallory. so I don't know, it feels like she might have to sacrifice herself, that she's, she's from another world as well as michaelis, and she might sacrifice herself for the ultimate well-being of humankind. yes, I can see that with Cordelia. and maybe it's Coco with the final blow of whatever happens. but, or that's my guess. she fails, michael creates. michael destroys everyone, and in his own little secret lair, he just him in, Timothy and Emily hang out, and they start the new world. okay, that's it for us over here, everybody. we will be back here next week for the finale. yes? let us know. in the comments any theories or predictions you might have, and I think we'll pull the best ones we can and share them here on next week's breakdown. yes. thank you guys so much for watching, as always, and we will see you next week. bye. bye. 