season two of berry is about to premiere, so here's a quick recap of everything you need to know from season 1 to refresh your memory. Barry Berkman is a marine turned hitman. under the guidance of his handler, Fuchs nooks, assigns him a new target in LA, an aspiring actor named Ryan Madison, who was having an affair with the wife of Chechen crime boss Goran, the man who ordered the hit. Barry breaks hitman rule number 1 by making contact with Ryan, who asked him to perform a scene with him in his acting class. Barry, feeling depressed and disillusioned by the hitman lifestyle, feels accepted by the acting class and become smitten with aspiring actress Sally. the only problem is Barry is a horrible actor. what's in that envelope is for my peace of mind. my peace of mind is worth that much. not one penny more, not one pain one. the qualities of a hit man, being closed off, an emotionless hugely contradict the qualities required of actors. after breaking down and venting to acting teacher Gene Kusano that he is, in fact a hit man looking for a different life, gene takes it as an impressive improvised monologue and accepts Barry into his acting class. by the time Barry gets around to killing Ryan, the Chechens have already sent a new hit man to kill him. and Barry to tie up any loose ends, Barry guns them down and escapes the scene. in order to make things up to the Chechens, Fuchs arranges for Barry to pull off several jobs for them. all the while, Barry continues to attend acting classes and pursues a relationship with Sally. the first job is to assassinate an informant, which Barry does, I'll be it, not as cleanly as he had planned. when he ditches the perfect moment to go be with Sally, when Barry reconnects with an old Marine friend, Chris, Chris's friend, Taylor, discovers Barry's next job of raiding a rival Bolivian stash house and insist on tagging along. the job is pulled off with little hiccups, but Barry ignores Dukas orders to kill Taylor upon the jobs completion, Barry wants Taylor to take his place and work for Fuchs so that he can leave behind the hit man life for good. and pursue his acting career. Taylor counters that Barry should just kill Fuchs himself, and even hide some money he stole from the stash house and Barry's bag. Barry, realizing his plan for Taylor to seamlessly take his place was an unrealistic dream, decides to do the next Chechen job alone, taking out a Bolivian drug lord. upon his arrival at a prior airfield, unfortunately, Taylor shows up with his friend bond and Barry's friend Chris. going against Barry's plan stealth attack, Taylor drives the group head-on into enemy fire. Taylor and Vaughn are killed in the gunfire, but Barry and Chris managed to escape. due to the botched attack, the Bolivians declare war on the chechen. Goren is understandably furious and bleeding, buried to have died in the attack, orders his right-hand man, NoHo Hank, to kill Fuchs. emotionally distress from the horrific turn of events at the airfield, a guilt ridden Chris tells Barrie he wants to turn himself in to the authorities. given no other choice, berry is forced to kill his friend, a decision that emotionally devastates him. berry then goes to his acting classes Shakespeare tonight and performs a seamless Sally. his line reading, emotionally charged for murdering his friend, captivates the crowd and gives a confidence boost to an unaware Sally. of course, after giving the best performance of his short career, barriers and courage to do whatever process got him to that place every time he is about to perform. I mean, whatever you did tonight to get to that place, that's your new process. okay? all you have to do is do that every time. well, good for drinks. thank you. thank you. thank you. thank you. Barry, upon learning of Barry survival, Fuchs tries to save himself by going to Goran with information on where to find him. Goran instead, plans to kill both Barry and Fuchs. NoHo. Hank, who has taken a liking to Barry, warns the assassin and tells him to run. Barry instead, decides to head to Gordon's house, killing the mob boss and his entire gang. although he spares Hank, who takes over the Chechens and makes peace with the Bolivians. Barry also runs Fuchs out of LA finally putting his hitman past behind him, Barry and Sally accompany Jeanne to get away at his country home. Jeanne is also accompanied by his girlfriend, Janice Moss, a detective who all season has been trying to uncover Ryan Madison's killer and their involvement with the Chechen mob. everyone is at peace, and it's a perfect happy ending, until Moss discovers Barry's connection to Taylor and Chris, confirming her suspicions that he is involved. Barry privately begs her not to pursue this, but when she refuses, Barry is forced to retrieve a gun and opened fire, before returning to his room and joining a sleeping Sally in bed, once again restating his resolve to put criminal life behind him. that just about covers season one, with season two just around the corner. let me know what you think is gonna happen in the comments below. are you as excited as I am for this new season of beary? let's talk about it like this. video. subscribe for more and I'll see you in the next one. 