listen, welcome to cynic. last movie trivia competition, testing your cinema knowledge. the big shout-out to everyone who's been watching live, like a huge shout out to you guys. when the whole act that happened, obviously, we brought back this movie trivia competition I had from way back in the day. you guys have been tuning in, like, I think it's been two months. we were looking back, just trying to do something to, like when you guys some free movies, you know, since movie theaters are closed. Nolan says that he's gonna bring it back, but, you know, Nolan also said that there wasn't gonna be a Robin, and then ended up happening. so I decided that every week since the vo Dee's were like 1999, to give out $20 gift cards through this movie trivia show. and now we're on the penultimate episode. we got one more episode they were gonna be doing next Sunday. and I just wanna say thank you to you guys, cuz it's been fun. you know, for those who have one, but just for those who have been playing, it's the best. for those who are watching in the future, know that every single Friday, I've always been posting on a community post an extra little trivia question along with the time, in order for you guys to see what we're gonna do this life. we got, we got two more. this is the second to last one. so let me break down what we have today on this cynic clash. of course, I know everyone's going out, but it's still an Inside Edition. this week we have directors cuts, cuz a little something happened over the weekend that I can't put 1517 days is how much it took for everybody to get the confirmation on the Snyder cut. I actually had a whole video on directors cuts that I had, like, done last November, never released it. and part of it had to do with like, them being it was directors cuts, or DLC. and now we have this coming out to HBO max. I love HBO Max. and that actually goes with my second category, this category I already had before the announcement. its movies the TV because it seems like it used to be TV shows wanted to get the movie, and now movies want to get the TV shows. I'm supposedly, the Snider cut may even be a couple of parts so we got director's cut and movies the TV. you know, any question dealing with movies that have been altered, cut in any shape, way or form. and then movies that turn to TV, your TV to movies. so this is in a classroom. you break down the little test for you guys, the test questions, or the rules, first in the chat wins. as always, for those of you guys who have been watching. obviously, I have the slow chat route, so we make sure we don't have some spamming. I also have the live chat up there. a lot of you guys have the chaton. and then you guys think you won top chat, puts your comment up first. we'll make sure. a live chat, not top chat. live chat not top chat. I don't even care about spelling. you just got to make sure that you make sure that the entire answer is there. if it's a double answer one, make sure it's in one line. trying to get new winners on each one. but overall, listen, we're just here to have fun, not here to sell this divide calm. so starting off with the first three practice questions that we have before the directors prize questions. I got three ones over here, dealing with directors cuts. I got the live chat up here as well. the question goes as follow, these two directors, I need both of their names on the line. ten seconds on the clock. name the two directors that prefer the term extended or special editions / director's cut. name the two directors who prefer the term extended / special editions. because these gentlemen believe the director's cut has already been cut and it's out in theaters. that is, of course, you know, over here, we're looking at avatar to the right. and then Lord of the Rings. they had their extended and their special editions that came out. and it is, of course, Peter Jackson and James Cameron, some of the best of the best. and I really like their their phrasing of it. we we already released what we wanted. these are just a special ones d the collectible editions, if you will. looking over here, I see that it is Phil TOI, Ridley Scott and James Cameron. dope. got both of them right there. congratulations. Phil TOI winning the first I hope I'm saying her name correctly. fulfil Congrats on winning the first one. moving on to the next one. two more practice ones. this one's funny because I was actually rewatching the director's cut to this, and I could not believe it. ten seconds on the clock. refreshing the chat over here, making sure everyone's over there. a lot of other people are saying, Steven Spielberg, Peter Jackson. M night Shyamalan, no, but this next one's going to be interesting. ten seconds. this 2001 movie was criticized for the director's cut practically being an ending explained this 2001 movie. this is one of those that, I think, for the most part, was pretty split right at the beginning, the moment that people came out either loving it or hating it. I'm seeing a lot of people say, Eagle Eye, butterfly effect, requiem for a dream, mr. nobody, Minority Report. it's actually none of those, uh? but I do see a winner right here. it is Donnie Darko. they released this movie and practically had like a book that explained everything to you. my job was, no, there's no reason for me to make an enemy, considering that there's a director's cut to this. but the winner that we have over here, I saw a lot of people saying different things, but the person I had right up there just Gary, congratulations. just Gary winning the question right there. moving on to the last practice one, seeing everybody kind of get the gist to it, test and making sure that everything is working right there. one more practice one, and then we got the prize once so, moving over to fullscreen. ten seconds on the clock. doesn't funny. the Richard Donner cut released in 2006 refers to what sequel? what sequel? the Richard Donner cut released in 2006 refers to what sequel saw. some people on the right track. they saw there was a superhero. when they're saying daredevil, someone said, Blade Runner. it is Superman - a crazy backstory behind this, you know, like Marlon Brando was reading the script because he didn't want to memorize that. all these crazy stories that it took, you know, this was a 1980 in 2006, Richard Donner was finally able to get his cut. so we're talking about the Snyder cut. yo. Snyder just waited fifteen hundred days. my man waited way longer to get his cut. coming over here to see who won it. I see my man, Anthony Fortuna, Superman. to seeing some of the answers that we got over here. man, is Steve. I mean, technically and Lana. people are saying Bladerunner as well, but it is Superman - all right, here we go, what everyone's been waiting for. we got ourselves the director's cut prize question. that means, anyone who wins first one, you see how it goes on the top on the live chat, the top of the live chat, whoever gets it, call you out. head on over to Elam at LME explained on Twitter. gonna get yourself a $20 gift card. we got two of these to wrap-up. director's cut. ten seconds on the clock. the 2019 Oscar shortlisted film cats, is rumored to have a cut that had not CGI'd what body part of the Jellicle? cats, I need the body part. there is a cut out there, rumoured. be it kwibi, be it apple. someone is going to give us the actual butthole cut that is out there. of cats. it Snyder cut. crew, do your thing, whoever needs to make this happen. that said, this was probably the fastest one, y'all. guys. that answered really quick. no mistakes here, right off the bat. butthole cut. y'all didn't know Superman's too but when it comes to the butthole cut, oh, man. y'all, guys, y'all had this right here. I accept all of these. some people say I don't accept the hand cut. I don't think there is a hand cut. but the winner over here is, I come all the way to the top. look at look at how many bottles. the winner that I see right here is John Lennon, the living one. John Lennon, congratulations. you win the first one right here. I still can't believe, you know, butthole cut. y'all really don't really know that one right there. okay, John Lennon, reach out to us at Ella me explain. you got yourself a win thanks to the butthole cut of cats. I move on to the last one for director's cut. the prize. refreshing the Chad over here. ten seconds on the clock. this is, again, a double movie. alright, so I need both of them if you give me them correctly. but they're on separate things. I can need them on the same line. both of these movies, name them, both having cuts that were in black and white. now, I had no idea that, uh, actually, I did. I just had no idea that they had at the a trickle run. it wasn't until both of these were out on DVD that I was like, damn. I would have loved to have seen and I saw Mad Max three times in theaters, but if I knew that I could have seen it in black and white, there's just something about it, you know, officially they were called Logan noir and Mad Max fury road black and chrome. checking out over here to see who got it. a couple people. we're on the right track for the most part. but it's got to be, oh, there he is. the return I strike. I believe you have won previously in the past. I have no rule against that. we haven't gotten that big yet. but yeah, you you got this first one over here. man. make sure he wrote and Logan Logan or Iron Man banks. black and chrome were both released. they had, if you have the right TV, you know, not to sound like a cinematographer from, what's it called, Game of Thrones, who told everyone to get a better TV for that for that one battle. now, if you got the right TV, man, these things look beautiful. but I strike. congratulations. head on over to at El Amin and Twitter. I mean, I don't really got to verify or no, I know it's you already. just hit me up. all right. moving on to the next category, which is movies to TV. I'm gonna do three practice ones and then lead it up to the two prize ones. all right. first practice one. ten seconds on the clock. this boy genius, had his movie an TV series produced at the same time, and even got nominated for an Academy Award in 2001. it actually lost to Shrek, believe it or not, but it was Jimmy Neutron. that year was the first year that the Oscars actually held their animated feature film category. they didn't have one beforehand. Beauty and the Beast, I got nominated for best live at non best live-action, but and I got nominated for the Best Picture one. but this year it was Shrek. it was this one. I'm blinking on the third one at the moment. but Jimmy Neutron lost to Shrek, but it still had a TV show right in the works. I'm looking at it over here. Jeremiah Michael, right there. first one. say Jimmy Neutron, boy genius. first one. congratulations. we move on to the second practice one as I refresh everything over here. alright. still dealing with movies to TV. ten seconds on the clock. what movie inspired this show. a reminder, as I see people who commented five minutes later that they were first moved to Live Chat, not top chat. but what movie inspired this TV series? don't eat the TV series, just the movie. that is, of course, the one and only. is this Bates Motel, which I know a lot of people liked. I know aleena finished watching it. I never actually got done and went to it. but I, of course, have seen the original, which even has a bunch of a, a bunch of sequels as well. but that is, of course, psycho. moving on over here. I see some people already commenting Fargo before I even asked the question. lying slick it is, in fact. Anna Maria, congratulations. Anna Maria, are getting cycle right there. for the second practice question dealing with movies to TV. I'm pretty good one. see, what else did we get? we got some conjuring. I don't think they got a TV show yet. but a lot of people saying, psycho, American Psycho. let's see. moving on to the next one. we got 10 seconds on the clock. need both of these in the same line. got a double one here. I just need the original property. name me. both of these series movies. they have the same name both on the same line. this, of course, is a double one, a reminder. as I see people argue right there. need both of them on the line. a lot of people are getting the first one. some person got the second one. but who was the first to get them both on the same line? I'm looking at it over here. I have found you. it is, of course, Fargo and from dusk till dawn, two movies that got turned into pretty long-standing TV series, both that are still running. looking over here, moving over to the chat room, we got ourselves a lot of people saying, Fargo, Sherlock, Fargo and Fargo. Fargo, dusk till dawn, Fargo, boondocks. but the only person to put them together right here is Tanner Dijkstra, Fargo and dusk till dawn. congratulations on when in the last practice one. but now I believe we actually still have one more practice one. oh, look at that. an extra bonus question coming over here for the practice questions. still dealing with movies to TV. congratulations to Hanna right there on that one. refreshing the chant over here. we move on. this is also a twofer. ten seconds on the clock. give me both of them on the same line. both of these were movies turn into pretty great TV series. I'm seeing a couple of the answers come in right here. double check in to see who's got it. oh, I see one right there. oh, very quick on it. right there. again, this being the last practice, when we, of course, are talking about Friday Night Lights in Dark Crystal. both really great. I love them both. Michael B Jordan was actually in the TV series for Friday Night Lights, right after doing the wire. and then people love, love love Dark Crystal, especially the new one that they have over on Netflix. people were going crazy for it. moving on over here, looking at what other people are saying. no, see, they got Watchmen Freda, Friday nights and Dark Crystal. Canadian invisible comics, you got it right there. someone's a neverending story. that's the one that I figured a lot of people were gonna think it was. I see also Fantasia. that second one was getting a lot of people off-guard. but congratulations to Canadian invincible comics. all right, moving on. oh, I actually had this little thing right here, just an in-between before we get to the prize. once I was looking through all of these that were out there. now, these are some of my favorites that have actually gone from movies the TV or the other way around. I love a bunch of these adaptations. but it's crazy to think that these are some other ones that people have been recommending a lot, how many just there are. these have been some of the ones people say, y'all make a ellamy on. but then you look at how many of these have actually been turned it is ridiculous. like, do we really need a limitless series or a takings? there was one for crash. after it won the Academy Award, they actually released it. bad teacher was so bad they canceled it after three episodes. three episodes. but it's just crazy to think how big these movies to TV, or TVs to movies. it saw the franchising thing that I've talked about. all right, moving on to the final two. remember, life to have not live chat, not table chat. first one wins. this next one is going to be a twofer. all right, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to. 10 seconds on the clock, refreshing the chat over here. I see some people ready trying to submit their answers. and I need both of these, both of them. it's gonna be the movie and the TV version. I need both of them, not separate. repeating it again, both of them on the same line. the winner gets a $20 gift card. the movies to TV prize is on this one. Namie, the movie and the TV show. we of course have wouldn't what a classic. really a beautiful classic. this is the Emperor's New Groove and the Emperor's new school. one of my personal favorites. I had to put it in your now to make it a prized one, and I believe the winners. I look over here, someone had Emperor's New Groove, but you need them both. I repeated it three times. Chanin. so Blackshirts, nine, three, two, one, Emperor's New Groove and Emperor's new school. you got it. just reach over at ellamy explain on twitter. you won yourself the first of the movies to TV. press. congratulations, my dude. I want to see what else. so what else people were saying? some we're saying a Landon but most, most ended up getting the emperor's new couse, clothes, new school. look at that. I don't see how people are putting Aladdin and then an Emperor's New Groove considered through the same project, but very close, very close, very close. black shirts, nine, three, two, one, reach out. you won that one. someone said, pull the lever. we pull the lever on the final one, right here for the penultimate, this is the penultimate, final question of the penultimate show. actually, it's the final question of the penultimate show, I guess. Cinna Clash. viewers, el-amin listeners, I've appreciated this time with you guys. it's been fun. I move on to the last one. Congrats to all the winners today. for this next one, it's gonna be too animated series, and I need the original names, dealing with both of them, just the movies names. first one to get it, both of them on the same line. gonna say both of them on the same line. the winner gets a $20 gift card. the rest of you. yeah, one last chance, next Sunday. ten seconds. Namie both of these. this is two series that I don't even think ran that long, but it's clerks and it's Napoleon Dynamite's the animated series that both of these had. moving on over here. I see that the first one to get it was ice trike. but we have the rule. congrats ice. trike on winning it. you can flex everything you want right there. but it has to go with extra life, with no life. to get our new winner as well. Congrats to everybody who won today. I'm trying to pull him up over here. reach out over at LME explain. get your $20 gift cards. some people, like I said, some people been giving it out to their family members. some people been smart enough to not even use it on a VOD. but actually, I've used it like they've separated. they got themselves a month of Hulu. they got a month on Netflix. pretty smart. you el-amin listeners are smarter than then anyone else gives you credit for. but I've been having a blast doing this show with you guys. I wish I had an outro music. I don't want to play anything else, cuz then the shells gonna get copyrighted. but it's been a blast. like I said, next Sunday's going to be the final episode that we have before we move on to probably a sometime in the summer, hopefully bringing it back. maybe we'll get a sponsor or something. cuz the last month so that we got, we were able to give out all these $20 gift cards really helped a lot. it's been fun. still, continue to stay safe. III, we may not all be indoors now to the summer, but please stay safe. wash your hands. take care. continue watching movies, and I'll see you guys next time. 