Welcome to Thriller Recapped, Today, I will show you an American Psychological Thriller film called \xe2\x80\x9cOne Hour Photo\xe2\x80\x9d, Spoilers Ahead, watch out and take care. The movie starts with Seymour Parrish, he is a photo technician at a local studio called, One Hour Photo, he is in police custody, Detective James Van, reads him his rights, and then he tells him that police checked the camera roll, and they found disturbing pictures in it. The Detective asks further, that is it about, William Yorkin, that provoked you to do this horrendous act. In flashback, we see a birthday party celebration, Seymour quotes, no one wants to take a photograph of something they want to forget. A couple is seen, Nina Yorkin, and her husband, William Yorkin, who is busy working on a project, and their son, Jake Yorkin, seem to be a happy family. Seymour is working on photographs at, One Hour Photo Studio. While Nina is checking out the photo rolls she just purchased, he goes and gives her home address to the cashier, even before she says it, it seems like as if he memorized it. She bought a digital camera as well, and he cracks a joke about it, that he will be out of the job if everyone started using a digital camera. She has one picture roll left in her camera and he does not want to throw it, so he takes his picture with the camera. The store closes in 40 minutes, but he says she is their best customer so he will develop films for her before closing. Inside the lab, his colleague, Yoshi, is working on some stuff. Seymour starts developing films as he quotes in the background, he lives only for his work, and he considers that his work is a vital service. He further quotes, people think that anyone can do his job with 1 or 2 days of training, but his job require skills that are far beyond the eye. I process these photos as if they were my own. Nina arrives there, and he hands her the pictures, he also gives her discount, along with a mini camera for free as a gift for Birthday Boy. He notices a book in her Shopping Bag, before she leaves. Later that night, his shift ends, and he goes outside, there he finds out that windshield of his car is cracked. At Nina\xe2\x80\x99s home, the family is enjoying their evening by looking at the pictures of Birthday Party, William comes across the picture Seymour took in the store. In a restaurant, Seymour is looking at the same set of pictures, and he is appreciating the moments, it turns out, he made a set of copy for himself as well when developing the films earlier. The waitress asks him, whose pictures he is looking at, and he claims they are his family pictures, she looks at the pictures and she says, you got a beautiful family, and then she leaves. Then he drives back to his home, Jake is sad because he realized Seymour is all alone, he does not have any friends, and everyone bullies him at the store about it, she assures him he probably has a lot of friends and a girlfriend as well, since he is a nice guy, they should send him good thoughts and manifest that next time when they see him, he won\xe2\x80\x99t look sad. Later, Seymour gives his hamster some water, we can see the family pictures of Yorkin family, in the background. William is arguing about the expenses of his wife, that she bought a new Mercedes, and she needs to stop living the life as if they live in a fairy tale, then she claims that it\xe2\x80\x99s not about money, and William is bad husband, and a bad father, then she leaves. Later that night, Seymour is alone in his room, and he is watching, The Simpsons, then we see a crazy wall, full of pictures sticked to it, it turns out, it has all the pictures, showing the moments that the family ever shared. The next day, Seymour gets back to work, he quotes, Monday is the busiest day in their store, people tend to take more pictures on weekend, he further mentions a lady, she only takes pictures of her cats, and he never saw one human being in her pictures. Then he says when a new baby is born, the parents go crazy and they take tons of pictures, which is good for the store. Then a Cornstar comes up, he always takes pictures of women, in an artistic way. Later, man named, Larry, a technician is there to fix some issues in the printing machine, and he makes fun of Seymour, because he called him for a very small error in the color developing system, showing us how Seymour is careful and perfect in his job. It\xe2\x80\x99s his lunch break, and he finished his meal, and he is looking at the Christmas picture of Yorkin family. He visions himself there in the celebration. The manager named, Bill Owens, interrupts him, he advices him not to yell in front of customers at anyone, even if the guy was at fault, since it creates an uncomfortable environment. He then suggests him to take some time off from work, and enjoy his life, since Seymour never went to any vacations, and he leaves. Later that day, William comes to the store, and Seymour recognizes him, and he introduces himself to him. William is in rush, and he needs some help with computer accessories. So, Seymour makes an announcement for assistance. Manager looks at him from the top, Seymour tells him he has a beautiful house and a wonderful family, and he is a very lucky man, William is shocked at first but then he takes it as a compliment and they both leave, only to come across Jake, Jake shows him a Star Wars toy, and he tells him how much he likes the toy, and he leaves. Later that day, Seymour is reading the same book Nina got few days ago, when she went there for photos. Seymour then walks in a market as he quotes, people don\xe2\x80\x99t realize these snapshots are their only chance to stop time, for a blink of an eye, as a picture. And these pictures are the only proof of their existence, and their memory to stay forever. He buys an old picture of a woman. He quotes further that, people don\xe2\x80\x99t take pictures of small details in their life, and they miss out on so many things. He then manages to break inside the family home, and he looks at his picture on their fridge, he is full of joy. Then he takes a poo in their toilet. He then watches a game in their living room and enjoys it. Nina and the family get back to home, he is caught, and he is scared, but the family behaves as if he is part of their family, and Jakes goes to him saying Uncle Seymour. He then drives off from there, to realize it was his vision of a family he never got. The next day, a woman named, Maya, arrives to the store, he likes her name, and she says she won\xe2\x80\x99t be able to collect the pictures till tomorrow and she leaves. Jake is having his soccer practice; the coach is not happy with his performance. However, Seymour waves in the background and he cheers him. Jake goes to him, and they talk a bit, Seymour cheers him further about his shot. Then he walks him to the home, and shares his life story with him, how he used to be fat, and nobody spoke to him. He then learns that Jake\xe2\x80\x99s dad never showed up at his soccer practice. He then gives him the Star Wars toy Jake liked earlier. Jake denies it, since, his parents won\xe2\x80\x99t let him have it, and he leaves. Later that day, Seymour notices Nina in the food court, so he goes to her, and he sits next to her. Then they talk a bit, and she invites him to sit with her, Seymour compliments about her son Jake, and he tells her how he feels like as if he is the uncle of Jake. She is busy and she prepares to leave, so he opens the book, and he pretends to read it. Nina sits back, and she is shocked to see him having an interest in the same book. He reads one quote from the book, The things we fear the most, have already happened to us. She is impressed by his deep-thinking personality, they talk a bit, and she learns that he is single, and he does not have any family, only a picture of his mother. He then shows her the picture he bought from the market. There is a charming smile on her face, and she leaves. The next day, Seymour is working in the warehouse, and the manager calls him for a talk. Owens is suspicious about the excessive use of printing material more than required, and after a brief investigation with Larry, he found out that Seymour has used hundreds of extra developing films, so he decides to fire him on the basis of fraud. Further saying they\xe2\x80\x99re not running a charity here, that Seymour gave away a free camera on a birthday. The manager orders him to pack his stuff, and this is his last week, and he also threatens him not to ruin any prints while working in his last days, Seymour rages up and he claims that in his work history of 11 years, he never ruined even one picture of any customer. Few hours later, he comes across a blank picture on the floor. Nina interrupts him and she is there to process the films, of Jake\xe2\x80\x99s Birthday camera, they notice his sad demeanour, and he asks her for her home address, it seems he is in shock to the point, he forgot the address of his favourite family. Nina feels he is not alright, and she leaves. Inside the lab, Seymour is being harsh on the camera, and he slams it open, while he is looking at the pictures, he is happy with the pictures, but he breaks down soon, knowing this will be the last time he developed their pictures. He then gets back to home, and he starts examining the pictures on the wall. He then gets back to the store early in the morning, and he opens the file of Maya, as he goes through it, he finds out that maya took some intimate pictures with William, the husband of Nina, and he realizes that he is cheating on her, he is in disbelief and his heart breaks, realizing his conception of Yorkin\xe2\x80\x99s family as a perfect family shattered into pieces. Later, he deliberately places the pictures of William and his mistress Maya, into the packet of Nina, and he leaves early from work, saying goodbye to his friend Yoshi, and revealing it to him, that he is fired, Yoshi thanks him for teaching him the stuff, and Seymour tells him to run the place with hard work. As Seymour walks from there he seems to be thinking about something, he then takes a knife out of the case, and he leaves from there. He then goes undercover, and he starts taking pictures of Nina, paparazzi style, he follows Nina\xe2\x80\x99s car and sooner, Nina recklessly pulls over on the side of the road, it turns out Nina just saw the pictures of William and Maya, she\xe2\x80\x99s in disbelief and pain. He then spies on them that night, he is waiting for them to fight, but nothing happens, so he rages up aggressively and he leaves. He gets back to home; he looks at the wall of pictures that he used to cherish and mesmerize. He then gets a dream, he is standing alone in the store, and shockingly his eyes start bleeding crazily. He wakes up and he takes a shower. The next day, he goes out, in the background he quotes that, the word snapshot originated from the people who used to take pictures of birds, and it was originally a hunting term. He then gets back to the mall, The manager asks him to leave, but Seymour creates a scene that there is no law, that can deny him from shopping at that mall, then the manager gives a gesture to the security guard. Later, he is spying on William and Maya. In the studio, Yoshi goes to the manager, and he shows him the envelope of Seymour, it turns out he also spied on his young daughter and sent her pictures as a threat. The manager then calls Detective James, and they talk about the safety of his wife and child. The detective assures him that they will take this as an indirect threat to the child, and there are already 2 officers sent to proctor him, also they already issued a search warrant for Seymour\xe2\x80\x99s apartment. Then a group of officers go to his apartment, they come across the wall of pictures, and they notice that face of William is scratched off, from every single picture on the wall. Seymour goes to a hotel, he pretends to be a family member and he asks to talk to Maya on the phone, when the call is transferred to her, he pretends to be room service and asks for her room number and takes an order for some drinks, he then calls back to front desk, and pretends to be William and informs them that they don\xe2\x80\x99t need any room service for the day. Meanwhile, Detective James go to Nina\xe2\x80\x99s home, and they want to speak with William, but she says William went for an urgent meeting. Seymour goes to front desk, and he books a room on the 5th floor, where William is staying. Another detective suggests Nina should call William\xe2\x80\x99s office. Seymour walks to the room 511, where William is staying, and he covers the spyhole of the door. Then he knocks, and pretends to be room service, and he pushes the door and gets in, they both were about to have a spicy hormone sandwich, he is armed with a knife. He forces the lovers to get back in the bed, and he orders them to take the robe off. Nina is at home trying to call William. He then forces them to pose for pictures, and he forces Maya to pretend as if she\xe2\x80\x99s eating the sausage, while he takes the pictures. He then gets back to his hotel room; he is laying in the bed while thinking about something. Both the detectives arrive to the hotel, and they inquire about Seymour, then they both go to his room, and they knock. They get inside but they find it empty, with the knife in the sink, and camera near the bed. Seymour escapes from there through the kitchen to an emergency exit. The exit door trips an alarm, he runs from there in sports mode, some officers catch up with him, right before he leaves the building. Meanwhile, the other detective goes to William and Maya, and he finds them without any physical harm. Police makes an arrest, and he says, I just took pictures. The officers bring William back to the house, Jake hugs him. Nina seems little impressed, and she looks at him silently. Back to the present, Seymour asks the detective, if he has family, the detective says, it\xe2\x80\x99s none of your business, but Seymour observes from the way he handled him and the ring on detective\xe2\x80\x99s finger that he is a good man, and a good husband, maybe a good father as well, full of fortune, not someone who cheats on his wife and betray their trust, and that he would never take sick, and degrading pictures of your children doing these things. Suggesting that Seymour\xe2\x80\x99s own father exploited him for child corn. The detective says, I think I understand you now sir, and he leaves, Seymour requests that he wants to see the pictures, and it turns out Seymour took pictures of furniture instead of William and Maya posing. Then the film ends with a family picture of Yorkin\xe2\x80\x99s family and Seymour in it smiling. Rest in Peace "Robin Williams", you\xe2\x80\x99ll always be remembered. 