welcome to the man of recaps. this is the mandalorian episode three. guys, this is a really sweet show. if you're on the fence about Disney Plus, go ahead and get it cuz I'm recapping the plot points and funny commentary for you. but, like, the best part of the show is the tone and the ambiance. plus, over the last week, I've watched about 15 Disney Princess movies, so you guys could do that too. so, our Mandalorians on his way home with his bounty baby, Yoda. Carl Weathers pops up and calls in mando, which I don't think is his real name, that's just sort of what they call him, short for Mandalorian, maybe. Yoda unscrews his gear shifter. oh, what a rascal. but mandos really loving him, so he brings him back to his client. weird accent, guy, your reputation was not unwarranted. we don't know what they're gonna do with him, except for some science stuff. and he pulls out payment a big ol chunk of best scar steel. mandos like, hey, what are you gonna do with the kid? but the guys like, yo, that is a not your concern. it's against the bounty Guild policy. so mando just lets him go. he drops off the big load with his Mandalorian girlfriend. turns out, by the way, it's not just the two of them. they've got a whole crew of Mandalorians living down here. as she's making him new armor, we get some more flashback in Vega explanations that the Empire purged all the Mandalorians. yeah, that's why there's so few Mandalorians left, and they're hiding out here in the sores. they've got this one for all and all for one, noble tribe mentality going on. this is the way, or I guess you could say they're a crazy cult that lives in the sewers. they also specifically say now that they never take their helmets off for anything. but how do you eat? anyway, mandos now got a full set of bhaskar steel armor, looking baller. all the other bounty hunters are super jealous of him. turns out that client gave out the bounty to everyone. he wanted that baby Otis so bad. he was just like, whoever brings him first. Carl Weathers is super happy, cuz, as the guild leader, he got his own cut. got some best cars steel right here. but no vacation for mando. he's ready for a next bounty. he grabs a little Admiral Ackbar looking guy and heads right out of there. but as man was ready to take off, he notices the gear shifter knob that baby Yoda unscrewed. and he's like, that kid was too dang cute. forget the consequences. it's baby Yoda rescue time. long story short, mando takes out these stormtroopers no problem. he finds baby Yoda. they were extracting something from him. they just genetic code or midi-chlorians. but the nerdy scientist guy we met in episode one, he's all like, hey, no, I'm trying to save him. I'm a nice guy. so Mendel leaves him alive and takes baby Yoda out of there. now he's got to fight a bunch of stormtroopers one-handed, carrying a baby Yoda, and he still does totally fine. he gets surrounded, but has a trick up his sleeve. they made him some best Skaar steel whistling Birds, boom, boom. takes them all out. I think you should lead with that next time. yeah, sorry, boss, I can only agent wants. that's one awful so mandos busting out of there, but all the other bounty hunters in the guild got the notification that baby Yoda is on the loose. so on the way to a ship, they surround him. Carl Weathers, I came and, oh, don't be stupid. give us the baby Yoda back. man, who chooses option B fight all of them single-handed. he's doing a pretty good job of it. his disintegration rifle is a beast. in the end, though, he's just too outnumbered. but then, Boosh, a bunch of Mandalorians flying in on jetpacks. yes, that super cool, and not hiding in the sewers anymore. they're helping man to escape. man dough has a final showdown with Carl Weathers, but boom, the smoke and cacao blast him. Carl Weathers survives, though he happened to have the best scar steel in his pocket, lucky for him. and mando flies on out of there. I gotta get one of those. mando and baby Yoda, best team up in the galaxy. on the run from everyone. and that's how episode 3 comes to an end. [Music], 