I woke up and saw that. I scratched myself raw black bugs. that's never happened before. oh, are you ready to talk about American Horror Story cult? yes, but first, make sure to subscribe to GameSpot universe. we're covering this show for the whole season, as well as season three of mr. robot. as always, guys, thank you for the support. we appreciate you guys watching along with us. this episode is called holes. careful, guys, big, big spoilers in this episode. so watch out. here we go. first up, a quick recap. Kies cult holds a meeting, and you won't believe who joined. sorry. what'd I miss? and there it is. goodbye everybody. where you going? Ali gets supervised visits with Ozzy, while Ivy spends more time with winter. the cult murders again and gets rid of a couple weak links. finally, we find out what happened to Kai's parents. not the only parts of my body I do feel to be in pain. alright, let's dig a little deeper into the episode and find some more connections. that. welcome back, Greg. thanks for joining us. you lock the room. yes, sorry about that. let's jump in that episode and talk about some more connections we made. number one, the biggest reveal, ivy is in the cult. done kind of anticlimactic. we knew this was happening, but it was pretty cool to see in the cold open how they revealed it, right? yeah. I liked it. there's just a quick like, a, she's in the cult. let's move on now with the story. we knew for weeks. were like, come on, just reveal it. this is insane. and how dumb they're making her look at this point. one question I have in those meetings, how awkward is it with Gary Longstreet over there with his arm off, and winter and Ivy in the same room and they're just like, hey, yeah, about your arm. what's up? I think it's Kaiser, oh, yes. right now. yes. so strong. one more thing I want to point out in this part of the episode, Kai mentions Paradise Lost, which was a mid-90s HBO documentary that followed the West Memphis Three who were wrongly convicted of murder. during that trial, the prosecution claimed that the three children were killed as a part of a satanic ritual. and Kai feels that he really needs the up the scare level on his on his murders, you know, leave back more traces of video evidence and such, in order to really, really scare the public and increase his points in the in the in the polls. hey, you got a show video footage. nowadays, you got to show something or people don't get it. scare those things do. that's true. and I guess we're just gonna have to kill Bob in the most horrible, satanic way possible. the episode is called holes, referring to, of course, Ali's trip a phobia, and additionally, the boy she feels after ivy took Ozzy from her, it was like she prepared, she closed down and everything so fast. next up, we head over to Bob's house, and we find out he's not the normal dude that we thought he was. this isn't some kind of Fifty Shades of Grey [ __ ]. this is Full Tilt kink. he has a [ __ ] tied up on hooks in his attic, and he walks downstairs licking the blood off his fingers. yeah, some straight-up American Psycho slash, that's gross, American Psycho slash Pulp Fiction stuff going on in the Attic. yeah, Bob is not a normal dude. he had some other secrets going on in his own life. but we also find out, you know, obviously, Beverly is a strong personality within the cult. she gets her revenge on Bob, and there are some weak links. yeah. and the scene pretty much sets you up for another scene later on, just to let you know the characters and set you up quickly with who's top dog. and this, yes, scene right now. yeah, she's challenging everyone else in the group to kind of get even more extreme. yeah, one little side note. okay, you're killing Bob off now. they already killed off cerise arena earlier. you're making too many ways in the same news station, yelling these guys awful. might get suspicious. now, I get it, it's a TV show, so I'm not gonna go too far into that. but again, I don't think you would want to do that. and the camera guys, right? forget some other people, and they're gonna need to hire some camera guys too. and I know we've spent a lot of the season not really seeing that behind the masks. and then we finally get them with their masks off. we get to see who's who. but the cold is pretty sloppy, do it in private. I mean, you don't know, bob has cameras in that house. same time. I get it. it's, it's like an superhero feeling so yet, like we gotta see his face at some point in the movie. we need to see the superhero take off their masks. they're recording it. and she's like, don't put that camera on me. and yes, off her mask. like, come on, just wait. just wait. now we know, of course, the detective Samuels is in the cult, so maybe he has the entire police department just completely turning a blind eye to all the evidence they find of these crime scenes. it's pretty ridiculous, to be honest. now, back at Ali's house, she sees Harrison come home, and suspiciously looks like he's grabbing a body bag, huh? yeah, and bringing into the house. she has a telescope. she's looking out there, and she decides to go over there alone. yes, with the baseball bat. smart. yeah. call the damn cops. immediately. call the cops. what are you doing going over there by yourself? it's not gonna end well for you, Ali. come on. be smart. now, she finds meadow in a grave that was dug for her in the backyard. and then meadow makes it back to her house and is captured by Harrison. again, we think. so Kai's plan is to kill off the weakest of the group, and that is r.j. so Kai looking for a creative way to get rid of RJ, inside on a nail gun. and he says that the Guinness record is 13 nails to the head before you die. on my chicken. I'm not checking that out. yeah, sure. I believe you kind hide whatever you two. don't even guys, don't even check it. don't even check it. I just believe him. and finally, Beverly and KY have a one-on-one. pinky swear. um, yeah. she got her moment, and he reveals a whole lot more to her than he's done to anyone else. first time, we finally got our flashback of the parents. we know it was coming. we knew they're probably dead. yeah. and Wow, this flashback was pretty intense. so was his father got into an accident and was stuck in a wheelchair for quite some time. mother was taking care of him, and he treated her like [ __ ]. and that resulted in a murder-suicide. that was covered up by Kai, and not only Kai, but also his brother, who happens to be dr. Vincent. we knew the therapist was in on it, too obvious. I thought he might be as maybe his dad or something, or something we were going on. okay, relatives, I get it. I feel like maybe they were just doing a little play on psycho. one little detail, Kai used to frequent the website the red pill on reddit. and of course, right the red pill is the nearly 200,000 subscribers strong subreddit that describes itself as a place for, quote, the discussion of sexual strategy in a culture increasingly lacking a positive identity for men. [ __ ]. so yeah, the two big connections we made IVs in the cult. and dr. Vincent is Kai's older brother, and he most likely is a big player in the cult. we didn't see him physically in the cult, in the meetings, but it would be weird if he did not know what the hell was going on with Kai and what he has going on in his life. so we're gonna definitely see him involved in the cult when the next coming episodes. he's gonna have a bigger hand on this. okay, so it's finally time for my favorite part in the episode, the clown counter. no, it's not. I want to go now. all right, let's do this. I like the door. you can't leave. yeah. seven, seven clowns all at once. and we got a new one with ivy. you know, meadow is very good at designing this. yeah. I'm actually really impressed with the costumes here. I can totally see RJ's design walking down the street during Halloween this year. yeah. and I'm running the opposite direction. oh, me too. time now to talk about our favorite lines from the episode. Greg, what you got? I got this one. and remember, on the kill shot, everybody chant of a satin us. we're gonna be better if we said heil seitan English so that people understand. Oh, exposition. they're not playing any games here. the second you heard that, they know the audience is going, what is that me? and then quickly explain it to you, right before you get a chance to look down at your phone. it's, it's quick. I don't know if I liked it or didn't like it, but I just thought it was kind of clever how they're like, just just get it out of the way now. yeah. and my favorite was when KY was kind of shocked about Ivy's disdain for being present during a murder. I didn't expect a woman who deals with dead flesh holiday to be quite so squeamish. no, I just found it funny that KY sees humor in the fact that Ivy works in the kitchen and his cutting meat all day, and there's a, you know, dam a meat locker in their restaurant, but she cannot stand the sight of people dying in front of her face, which she should institutions. you know, she shouldn't be into that stuff, but, yeah, you know, she's not, she's not, she's not psycho like all the rest of them are. speaking of psychos, let's talk about our most we talked about it a little bit earlier. Gregg, mine has to be the nail gun murder. that was pretty intense, going around the room. everyone has at one shot. they're just picking parts of his head to shoot it into. that's a little bit much for me, you know, I'm not into this, you know, the gore, even though I know it's fake, I just thought it was a little bit too much for me. yeah, we go back last week, remember ed brought up the fact that was making fun of you because you're sad about this thing. oh, I clearly remember that part. it's fake. its fake. its fake. it's a little bit too gross. we have all you got the look away. now this week, I have to like, eat some crow here because, yeah, that scene, that's my most moment -. I'm just gonna say that I I didn't like The [ __ ] scene. I thought that was kind of, yeah, all over the place. but the most moment still is the nail gun for me -. so with all that said, let us know what you thought about the nail gun scene in the comment section down below. I want to know what you guys thought of it. alright, now it's time to talk about our winners of the week. Gregg, who was your winner of episode 5? I'm gonna go with dr. Vincent. I'm not going with Chi this week. dr. Vincent seems now like he's a huge hand overseeing everything here. yeah, Kai's got his thing going on, but we might have a big boss here. that's just dr. Benson keeping everybody in check at some point down the line. gonna find this out a little bit more later on. yeah, I feel like it's happening pretty quickly here. my winner is Beverly. I know I picked her last week as well, but she is just, um, she's becoming more and more of a presence in the cult, right? and she's obviously spreading her fear on TV. she's gonna need a cameraman, I think so, if you're hiring actually, that's a horrible job to have, because you're probably the next one in line to get killed. but yeah, she is. she's also the only person to get close enough to Kai for him to actually share what happened to his parents. let's see how long she lasts. she might be a little bit too powerful. I gave her two more episodes. two more episodes. okay, finally, our last question of the week. what do you got? Ryan? my question has to do with Ali. obviously, she gained some insider info on the cult. yes meadow revealed to her who's in it, that even Ivy's in it. and my question is, how is Ali gonna use this to her advantage? obviously it makes her feel a little different. now she doesn't feel like she's going completely insane. she has reason to believe all this crazy stuff is happening to her. how will she use that information to uncover the cult, to find someone to help her, who can she trust. there are a lot of questions here. hopefully she can, you know, get her life back in order, get these murderers taken care of and get her son back. I think we're gonna have to have some new characters in voluntee, yes. she needs new health. it's time to bring in some new blood. just killed off a bunch of people. a sorry. RJ, sorry, Bob. so it looks like they may be putting this a new people to help her out. we'll see. now, speaking of medow, I have some questions about that whole entire sequence, from the second she finds meadow in the grave. yeah, meadow somehow gets out of that grave, runs to her window to scream at her about this whole thing and reveal everything. I'm hoping in my head that this is a long con, yeah, that Ali is still being put tied with even in that scene, but the reveal and everything, yeah, because if not, then that's just bad writing that scene too. the fact is, you said that you thought Harrison grabbed her. right now, in that scene where meadow gets dragged off the still on the line with ivy, and then it cuts. and the very first cut is with ivy looking around. and you suspect that she still has her phone back at the cult meeting? yes? and then who are the two people to come through the door? it's Harrison and, you know, the tech of sandals. wouldn't they have mentioned something about meadow? how did they get there that fast? right? how did they get there that fast? and wouldn't they have mentioned, hey, yeah, we just ran into some trouble, meadow ran out, you know, note? and there's no, yeah, I I think it's just the writing. they wanted to hurry up and get Allie to get that big reveal that Ivy's in the core. yeah, I agree. alright, guys, that's it for us. let us know what you thought of episode 5 and any predictions you might have for the rest of the season. one question for you guys, do you think that Ally could survive all season long? that's a tough one. let us know what you guys think in the comments below. and thank you for subscribing. we will be back next week with episode 6. hi guys. brought to you by the evil within. to the evil within. to available October 13th. 