welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going to take a look at a modernized demon curse story with the 2019 film countdown. if in doubt, you should try subscribing to the channel to add years to your life. let's get to it. we open a raging teen party, overflowing with socializing and drinking games of various sorts. as a group of best friends crowd around a table in fellowship and discuss the latest apps they're enjoying for their cellular phones. one of them stumbles across countdown, an app named similarly to the one she was actually looking for, but instead of calorie counting, this one tells you when you're going to die. okay, new game. and they all download it, even this little [ __ ]. which is too bad for her, because while they all enjoy the promise of full, long lives, courtney gets the dreaded three-hour countdown. this also requires her to drink since she lost the game. but it's all good. yeah, boy. evans got you babe. as they go to leave, we learn from evan that he's actually a very adept drunk driver. so we get a pretty good idea of where this is going in a twist of horror trope fate, court actually gets out of the car, saving her from an almost assured accident, but resulting in a warning that she violated the user agreement of the app. this thoroughly spooks her, causing her to see death everywhere, in this hooded man in this pile of trash, which looks like a hooded man in this garage door. so she rushes home and locks herself in as the timer ticks down, as she runs out of opportunities to die. we find out that the ultimate cause of one's death comes via ghost but we see back at the car that this is only the case if one tries to change one's fate. we then flash forward to a calm, cozy, pre-covet hospital. here the nurse intern, quinn, searches out her patient, who we come to discover is evan, hanging out in the closed wing of the hospital so he can be alone to take a thinking break. due to the accident, he has a surgery schedule, and it seems to coincide with a new countdown to his death timer. in response to her questioning, he goes ahead and downloads the whole plot into her brain, bringing her along into his personal health. later, as quinn's co-workers celebrate her official transition to licensed nurse, we discover evans infected them all with his spooky app talk, and many of them have already downloaded it. the celebration is interrupted, however, when a couple of drug enthusiasts bust in, needing assistance. we watch the miracle of modern medicine as they bring her back from the brink with a simple injection. on her way out, quinn casually downloads the app like it's nothing, skips the user agreement because, of course, and then ponders how she wants to spend the final three days of her life. she starts by heading home to fill out some paperwork, but finds she needs a copy of her birth certificate. this brings her to her childhood home, which she tends to stay away from since mom died. she finds her paperwork there, and also her younger sister, jordan, running wild with limited supervision and feelings of abandonment. back at the hospital, evan is wondering about his method of death, since the timer doesn't appear to be giving him enough time to get through surgery prep. naturally, curious, he wanders off, but this breaks the ua. as he wonders what this means, he catches sight of a reverse vampire, only visible as a reflection. this startles him into the stairwell where he finds himself breathing like a maniac and trapped with no lights, he is confronted by courtney's zombie soul, which causes him to fall to his death. when news of this reaches quinn, she is immediately thrown into a state of paranoia and desperately desires to review the contents of evan's phone. unfortunately, it's locked, so she's required to go to the morgue to borrow his face for a moment in order to gain access. now thoroughly freaked out, she calls her father to cancel the graveside vigil he had scheduled for saturday. she immediately finds that this is in violation of the ua, but we all make choices all the time, so how do we ever know? she's too stressed to do her job effectively. but luckily, she has an awesome boss in dr sullivan, who slides right in there to provide some encouraging praise and possibly smash his crotch against her. turns out a previously provided glowing letter of recommendation came with strings attached, and she is indebted to him in his eyes. but he's some kind of tease cool. and when she breaks free to go talk to her nurse boss, amy dr sullivan, calls her away to prevent them from having a consultation. later at home, quinn tries to troubleshoot apps that won't delete off your phone and threaten to kill you. as she researches this, she finds some additional evidence of other incidents, including one that was filmed, but presumed by super smart internet sleuths to be a fake. she then has a spooky vision and tries to destroy her phone, but as she leaves, we see the countdown cannot be stopped. she ends up sleeping in her car, and is awoken by another jump scare. that ends up being jordan, who's come to stay with her while their dad's out of town for work. since quinn is preoccupied with her impending untimely death, she feels incapable of managing the situation and sends her away. also, she really has to get to the phone store so she can try to get a fresh start with a new phone. when she sees her new devices devoid of the unwanted app, she has a brief orgasm. but in a surprising twist, she finds it was premature, as the update alerts her right as she hits the door. she voices her dissatisfaction with the proprietor and then retires to her automobile outside. in a short span, she gets scared multiple times, ultimately ramming another car. look what you did to my lexus. lexus owner confirmed she's saved by matt, who observed her outburst in the phone store and had actually gone there due to a similar problem. so now they're death buddies. through their discussion, they recognize that getting a peek at that user agreement is the key to all of this. they coyly convince this flat earther to download the app so they can peep that contract. it confirms that if they use the app to try to change their fate, they lock themselves in instead. but since the alternative is to die anyway, i don't really see the problem here. naturally, they go to discuss this with the father, hoping he can help them with their technophile demons. but his feet are too solidly on the ground, as he doesn't believe in actual, real demons. however, as is always the case, he knows a guy and makes a referral. quinn is called away, and so matt takes this opportunity to use the bathroom, where he's confronted by a barefoot weirdo who starts weeping in the stall and doing ghostly things. this predictably results in a confrontation that ends suddenly and in a way that makes matt look like a crazy person. meanwhile, we see quinn was called into a meeting with hr to discuss the situation with dr sullivan, who sets up the scenario like he's about to let out a big admission, but only ends up putting the blame on her, claiming that she is too hot to trot, resulting in behavior unbecoming of a professional work environment. and this causes her to storm out without resolution. they head to the church they were referred to and find it occupied by a different kind of father who mostly got into the clergy racket. and the hope he would find opportunities to investigate demons. he gives them some backstory on a demon that sounds similar to what they're dealing with. and he wonders if he might be able to find a way out of this we can just get a peek at the source code of the app. this results in a field trip to the dock on his way to a potentially fruitful tinder date. our couple manages to convince him to hang back and assist them with the promise of a couple lightly used credit cards. he lives for this hacker stuff, and he breaks in easily finding the code riddled with latin phrases. and we all hope that they got a screen cap of the one portion of code that will be important for them. while he continues diddling the code, he successfully adds a few years onto his time, so they have him make modifications to theirs as well. while searching for quinn, they find that jordan's in there also, and she becomes the recipient of a healthy top-off on her ears. with their stress relieved, our pair takes a few moments just to vibe out hard. and they agree to stick this out until the end, remaining together until they're officially beyond what had previously been their official death time. as they strengthened their connection with some good old unbroken eye contact. we learned that what drove them each to seek out their fate was a prior loss for which they each felt responsible, quinn for her mother, who was looking for her at a party when she got into a car accident. and matt for his brother. man, these characters are so full you guys. and then quinn welcomes matt into bed. i don't usually jump into bed with girls that i just met off of an app. well, technically, we met because of an app, yes. wait. what? later we see the young lovebirds spooning their brains out. it's a bit too randy for my taste. but then quinn gets the sense that some supernatural stuff is happening downstairs, but it's just matt. hey, wait a minute. she was spooning a demon the whole time. and then their apps returned to normal, because why wouldn't they? quinn tries to call jordan to warn her, and she retrieves her phone from the babysitter's room. she finds her update and gets her first demon haunting. as we see lots and lots of indications that he's likely pacing the hallway outside her room. this malfunctioning nightlight is enough to drive her to hide out under the bed. but then the bed just gets pulled away and she's visited by her mom. she runs out screaming, right as quinn and matt arrive, and they all run off together. they head straight to church, where the father reads the latin phrases, which doesn't do much more than confirm they're all cursed, something he's actually excited about, because you can break a curse, typically by proving satan a liar, so in this case, dying early by some other cause, or holding out even a second longer than the timer says. the plan now is to sit idly within a blessed pentagram of salt, which they make more permanent by mixing into some paint. under the careful instruction of the priests, they get their iconography all set up and ready. so when the lights go out, they hop into that circle. the father whips out his cross and begins speaking in tongues to confuse the demon. but this is a tricky demon, and it distracts the others with a loud noise only they can hear, while enticing matt to step out by confronting him with a vision of his dead brother. it drags him out into the road where he's hit by a car, and he passes away as the final seconds tick down on his counter. in the aftermath, we see jordan took a shard of glass the gut at some point, and quinn rushes her to the er ear. quinn is approached by a co-worker who says that several of them have been victimized by dr sullivan, and they all have her back if she decides to go after him. this gives her an idea of planting a subtle seed with a doctor as he passes, and then vowing to jordan that she's gonna solve all this before time runs out. she goes to dr sullivan's office to sensually thank him for helping her sister. and despite appealing to his narcissism, he suspects a honey pot and refuses to be lured in so easily. but she also touches his johnson, so maybe it's legit taking a risk. he goes to meet her in the forbidden wing, and she convinces him to play sexual marco polo. since he had downloaded the app and is a total doucher. her plan is to kill him before his time and break the curse for everyone else. but he gets a demonic assist, preventing her from an easy victory and resulting in a violent game of hide and seek. the demon proves to be too formidable, and the doctor manages to slip away, with only minutes left for jordan to ponder her life choices while getting manhandled by the demon. quinn now has no choice but to enact the ultimate sacrifice. it tries to engage her as her mom to stay her hand, but she is determined to maintain control of her fate, revealing satan to be a big fat liar. this ultimately turns the demon into dust. jordan rushes to quinn to mourn, but finds she's adorned herself with instructions for resuscitation. so she follows them and then welcomes her sister back from the other side. after all this healing, we find them now visiting their mother's grave as a family, and they briefly mention that dr sullivan is in jail. so everything is wrapped up with a tidy little bow until i have a website set up where you can support the channel through donations or merch and i'd like to take a moment to give a huge thanks to my donors memorialized in the hall of head shots. [Music]. countdown laid out an interesting premise and delivered some good jump, scares and tension. it did seem to be weighed down little by the plot devices in that the whole breaking the user agreement aspect didn't seem to be all that necessary or changed the outcome much, other than that it resulted in a brief haunting before death instead of just death. this seems inconsequential. outside of some of these minor quibbles, the movie is pretty solid, and i would recommend it. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 