Jeff, this is weekend wraps its, 2020, baby, and we're coming out strong with, hands down, the best five-part crossover, primetime Network television event of the decade, crisis on Infinite Earths. here we got in the beginning, there was infinitude. now it's totally crazy. you said it, dude. the multiverse looks bleak more than a nasty God. use Kryptonian parents at gage. stuff your baby in a pod. so why was the heart bringer drops the crew on 38 quick and Kara act with haste, with their ability to commiserate via the time, with millennial answers, airboats call. well, Brainiac is running around like your honorees on adderall superbaby lands in a future where all these even sadder, the interdimensional Dementors rise about the antimatter battle it out with some results. LASIK and batarangs, butts ain't no Salmon Ladder, y'all. cazali can no longer hang. and Eragon 38 goes Alderaan with kara and zero. our Paragons. they can't get rid of Kavanaugh. pour one out for the Queen. here's to you. good lookin now I'm gonna leave so parallel we can come and bring that hook in [Music] when I were not essential. cameos the rice wheat [Music] try. [Music]. 99. reanima Duane, decrepit digs and tight abs. kryptonite, repeat. opk skate whips up an order of fried fast. ducky Luthor's book tour is making a killing, but powerless? well, he's pining for a different song. bill and I'm sure Superman Returns, but it just rain with touch of gray. Prison Break just babysit, while inspector David playing those Tetris 18 last pit and ceramics. Jonah Hex only survived, but he's out of his mind, like Frankenstein. a p90x. so throws online offense, a lover and a thunder. so they gotta find another kind of two. more science fun. key to victory of genius in the Ivy League, debris mother trucker, they call him Bryan. 1930. a little Fiat genetic added like lightening helped out for a sec. follow through on the promise, even taking a Burberry speed of marathon training to death, running with the devil sends them to the Chinese coast, meet a stranger in the bushes, and then Ollie just ghosts ATM. strikes, vanishing point suit procedure. then blacks that bonkers yo. now, parallel me get a sniper. [Music]. Rosie front a job. [Music]. way back in the day, a time travel mission flops tragically, causing a lost soul to grow out muttonchops. Ryan's castaway beard shows time has passed with the group. the ghost Ollie shows off his new power to book visit all the episodes remand all the cameos. wave another mail though, real quick, vacate Vancouver and redirect the universe, but not letting lights. be a huge dick dawn of time battle. but the main event to Spectre sky hole should a single tear, and now he's even deader that to the grind on the same earth. are you? don't say so. John gets everyone up to speed, but in a creepy uncle way. price is still afoot. so so spray-tan capitalist Fitbit. then Bebo goes all Stay Puft. Sarah, cold cause. but Deadwood. JK in. she monitors to link see antique manners science. for Oliver, that man buys his stature. the multiverse is saved from her to to earth Prime and her 12 earth 1921 or 96. in her nine cameo, several eulogies later, they're ready to fight the same fight with custom Etsy chairs and a great table for game night. cage-free Easter Egg Superfriends in North Devon. the arrow first keeps rollin, but this verse here is super done. that was all five parts of crisis on Infinite Earths, y'all. and this is rats. thanks to my producers. forget parallel. need a single detract bells. pretty tight, right? anyway, we'll see you next time. typing. hey everyone. Ryan here. thank you so much for watching. don't forget, you can download and stream this another recap rats by clicking the link up here, or if you just watch another video, by clicking over here. Oh, time for me to start thinking some rhymes for the next one. red, dead, yellow, hello. orange. 