hey guys, welcome back to the channel. so what do you do if you find out that there is a stranger that's been secretly living in your home for the last couple of days? that's what happens in open house. there logan and naomi wallace slowly find out that there might be a stalker breaking in and following them around their house. in today's video, we'll look at how you can survive until the end and get away alive. the movie starts with logan and his father going to a convenience store to get some eggs. when they arrive, he stays in the car while his dad goes shopping. when he comes back out, logan looks at him through the side view mirror, when suddenly, a car runs into his dad, causing a fatal accident. we abruptly cut to the father's wake. a few weeks later, they are naomi, logan's mother, talks to her sister. she explains how they have trouble paying the bills since the father was the main income source, and now that he's dead, they have a bunch of debt and can't even make rent this month. then the sister suggests that she and logan should stay in their isolated mountain house. it's currently in the process of being sold, but until then, they can stay there. and even though it seems like a nice gesture, it's not really a great idea. they don't even know how long the house will be up for sale. it could be that the house gets sold in a week, and then they'd have to move back out, which would be double the effort to make no progress. also, it's in the middle of the school year, and logan wants to graduate in a few months, so it's not the smartest move to pull him out of school. and later we'll see that there are constantly people visiting, checking out the house and realtors making sure that everything's alright. and that doesn't seem like what the mother needs right now. instead, it would make a lot more sense if the sister can cover her rent for the month. since neither one of them really wants to go. it's made abundantly clear that the sister is very wealthy. i mean, they have a mountain house, which is just sitting there. and the wallace family is living somewhere that isn't so expensive that it's undoable for the sister. they were low income and lived accordingly. but because they have no other offers, they go to the mountain house. while driving there in the evening, they almost run over a dark figure on the road. when they eventually arrive in the town, they meet martha. she's their creepy neighbor who's always making really strange remarks, telling them how terrible the passing of a family member is. so will she be the one breaking into their house? it's not her, you'll see, it's not her. the two then finally make their way into the house. that night, while lying in his bed, logan hears somebody loudly banging on the front door. when he makes his way downstairs, there's a car with his lights on, aggressively honking. and while this is a little bit strange, it's not enough for them to leave yet. the next evening, after the first group of buyers checks out the house, logan remarks how weird open houses are. there are strangers that go inside, and they might still be here, since no one makes sure that everyone left. this is exactly what happens, by the way. then they experience a bunch of weird things. logan's phone disappears. they get mysterious calls and random objects get lost, only to reappear in different rooms a minute later. also, the water heater shuts off, so the mother tries fixing it, but while she's down there, the basement door gets slammed shot. now all of this happens on the second night, in the span of a few minutes. but they don't think that any of this is weird. and each one event on its own isn't that strange. but when you stack all of them together, it might become more clear what's really going on. and i think this should alarm at least logan a little bit. he was already genuinely concerned about how creepy he thinks open houses are, but when it looks like his suspicions are all but confirmed, he completely ignores it. there are so many weird things happening, most notably, a cereal bowl being brought downstairs, even though logan was clearly eating it in a completely different room just a minute earlier. and the killer is playing it very dangerously. now i'm not a phone addict, although i am on it about 14 hours a day. but if i were to lose my phone, i would probably check out every room. this would significantly increase the chances of them finding the killer squatting in the closet while they're looking for it. and he's not that far away anyway. the next morning, logan goes for a run. oh, yeah, he's like a runner. it gets brought up like once and then never again. it doesn't matter. when he's done, he walks some with naomi, and they see a man looking through the front door of the house. as they get closer, it's revealed to be chris, a friendly man they met earlier. he asked if he can take a tour of the house, as he might be interested in buying the place. naomi, not wanting to be rude, gives him permission. then he walks in, but as the day goes by, they never notice him walking out. so could he be the intruder? nope, it's not him. yeah, you'll see later. after that, the doorbell rings, and we see that it's creepy martha. she walks in and tells him that she also went to the open house. i don't know why she would come over to say that, because it's not even naomi's house. and seriously, who cares? but it really highlights how staying in this house is not a good idea. we see that there are people in and out all day, constantly interrupting and annoying them. now this is, of course, completely normal for a house that's in the process of being sold. but why would you want to live there? it's so uncomfortable. and in this small town, there isn't anything to do. so they're basically bored all day. logan is missing school time, and naomi isn't looking for work, nor is she overcoming the trauma of losing her husband. you know, what are they doing here? they should just be honest with his sister and tell her that it's not going so well. i'm sure she'll understand later on. naomi showers, but the water keeps turning cold. she goes into the basement to fix it, but minutes later it happens once again. this time logan goes downstairs. while he's in front of the boiler, he hears a log dropping, but doesn't think that much of it. then it's revealed that a man is slowly approaching and standing right behind him. now in reality, logan would have probably heard him coming up, since the guy clearly doesn't give a [ __ ] about not making any noise [Music]. and because logan was completely silent himself, there were most likely some footsteps he could hear. that night, logan is sleeping in his bedroom when he suddenly has to go to the bathroom. he sees that his glasses aren't there, but he goes anyway with the lights off. while he's taking a leak, the creepy man passes by his doorway. this moment is kind of interesting, because when you look at the room, there's no way that he happened to walk past this area, because there's a wall, meaning that he was awake under logan's bed for a while, waiting for him to get up to the bathroom so that he can get out. i mean, i don't understand why he would go under his bed and lie there when he's just going to leave the room a short while later. that doesn't make any sense. just don't go there in the first place. so logan goes back into his bed, and then the camera does a 180, and the creepy man is standing in the doorway. this would mean that he's right in front of the bed, facing logan as he's going to sleep. and how does logan not notice this? there is no way that his eyesight is that bad? keep in mind that the lights in the room are off, but there is a light in the hallway. this would cast a long shadow into his room. or did he not open his eyes the entire time? because that would be even weirder, because not once in my life have i done that. and what the hell is the killer doing in this doorway? that's some risky business. he's just gambling that logan wouldn't look even once, which most people would do, since they don't know the exact way into their bed, especially when they're in a new home. the next morning, naomi calls our sister about the water heater, which is always turning off. and from what we hear, it's insinuated that the sister says that it isn't broken, which would make sense, since they're selling the house, so you try to keep it in the best condition and not leave everything for the owners to fix. here, she could tell her how stressful the last few days have been and that this isn't really right for them. i mean, neither one of them wants to stay there. but she just calls to get the shower fixed. sometime later, a plumber arrives. in this scene, he and naomi have a conversation in the doorway where they try to make it seem like he's the intruder, because he correctly guesses that the water heater is in the basement. but in every house that i've ever been to, the water heater has always been in the basement. so that's not a crazy guess. so is he the stalker? yes, it's him. no, i'm just kidding. it's not him. you'll see, you'll see. while he's fixing the heater, naomi finds a crumpled up photo of her family in the trash. the plumber then interrupts her and says that everything is normal. it wasn't really broken, and he just did the same thing they did, which was just flipping the switch. he also says that he found logan's phone down there. then naomi comes to the conclusion that logan must have been messing with the water heater because he wants them to leave. but this doesn't make a lot of sense because there were so many other weird things going on that are completely out of logan's control. there is martha acting all strange, or chris wandering through the house at random, or the mysterious phone call they got. and why would logan crumple a picture of his own father when he's just as disturbed by his death as naomi is? isn't it more likely that one of the dozen people who walked into this house thought it was some piece of trash and threw it away? we saw that the real estate agents needed the house to look perfect and didn't want any of these personal items laying around. anyway, naomi confronts logan about what the plumber told her, that the water heater isn't broken and that he found his phone there. so he must have gone down there before to mess with her. and the mother is kind of right. somebody did go down there to manipulate the boiler, but it wasn't her son. so logan should know that if she presents all of this evidence that someone was there before in the last few days, and he knows that it's not him, it must have been someone else. there were so many strange things happening, but they just ignore all of it, even though they come so close to the answer. the next day, they have another open house. they make their way outside, and while logan goes for a run, his mother goes into a shop where she processes some photographs that she took earlier. on her way there, she runs into chris, and he gives her his number just in case. as it gets late, naomi gets a call from her sister, who lets her know that the realtors found out that the house has been broken into. and naomi's first instinct upon hearing this is to take logan and go into the house alone at night. there they see that the table is dressed with christmas music playing. then they get another call with no one on the other line. so they finally decide to call the police. here, when they found out about the break-in, neither the real estate agents nor the sister called the police. if anyone would have done that, the man creeping around the house would have had much less time to escape and might actually become and why does naomi go in there alone with her son? isn't that the last thing she should do? when they arrive, they don't even know that the man has already left, so it seems like they're walking into a trap. so after the police arrive, they check the entire house, but find nothing. logan then informs them that they've experienced weird things the entire last week and that somebody was probably breaking in before the police don't believe them and say that it was probably some kid playing a prank. yeah, right. and i don't know many kids that would do something like this. i mean, this is some psycho stuff. setting the room all nice and playing out of season music doesn't seem like a prank a kid. but paul also here, they begin to understand that somebody was among them all the past nights, so they should leave as fast as possible. i think most of us wouldn't spend another night in this house if you paid us, but they sure do. now, logan suggests that they stay in a hotel, but naomi tells them that they don't have the money. however, they can also sleep in their car. it's definitely not the nicest option, but they do have a pretty big truck, and even if it were a smaller car, i would do that a hundred times over the murder house that was just broken into. so they prepare for the night and want to sleep in one room. logan then also sees the number that chris gave naomi and decides to call him for help. and this is a good choice, even though chris is one of the suspects, but he's not the killer, so it's fine. however, when he arrives, they all decide to go to bed right now, in separate rooms, which negates the reason for why chris is here. maybe they could stay up in shifts or sleep in the same room just to be safe, because merely having chris there doesn't really do that much when he's asleep on the couch, away from the others. then when logan prepares for bed and is about to take out his contact lenses, he hears a bumping sound. he decides to investigate it alone. when he's downstairs, he hears the car engine turning on and goes outside. he goes up to the car and sees that chris is dead. he tries helping him, but gets attacked by the old man, who smashes his head on the window. the intruder then comes back a few seconds later to dump water on him. this guy's so weird. this attack was probably avoidable because the logan walks up to the car for a really long time, there's a point where he can still easily run away from the killer once he recognizes what happened. at this point, he sees that chris is dead, but he continues going up to the car. instead, he can go inside to call for help, which would be much smarter, because chris being killed clearly shows that the killer is nearby and ready to attack. so he must act fast. so as logan is stuck on the floor, the man goes after the mother. he goes into naomi's room and lies down next to her. shortly after, she wakes up and goes into the bathroom. and when she returns, she lies back in bed. what? how did she not see him when she was walking back? her vision is perfect. it's bright enough inside to see what's happening. and i don't know many people that would ignore a large, old, creepy man randomly lying in their bed. the only way that she didn't notice him is if she moonwalked back to her bed. and i refused to believe that she got up, went to the bathroom, flushed, didn't wash her hands, by the way, came back and never opened her eyes. anyway, when she's in her bed, she notices the envelope of pictures that she processed earlier that day. okay, so she didn't notice the huge, black figure sleeping next to her, but a tiny envelope. she decides that now is the perfect time to look at some photos, even though a few seconds before she was so sleepy that she couldn't be bothered to open her eyes. so she sees that there are a couple of pictures that she didn't take. now she has proof that there was a stalker. but why is she so surprised? shouldn't she already know this from when they found out about the break-in? there were all these strange things happening the past couple of days, and naomi was convinced that somebody was messing with her, but blamed it on logan. however, when she got the call about the stranger breaking in, she somehow didn't connect the two. so as she looks at the pictures proving that there is someone else in the house, the killer gets up and prepares to restrain her. it's so perfectly timed how he gets up the instant that she realizes they've been followed. how did he know that he was looking forward the whole time doesn't matter. so she gets choked until she's unconscious. later that night, she wakes up tied to a chair, and the killer starts breaking all her fingers. once they're all totally messed up, he sets a knife next to her. then logan finally wakes up outside, he hears his mother screaming and walks inside trying to find her. luckily, he's being super loud, so the killer knows where he is at all times. finally, he walks in a room and yells at her to wake up. they start talking to each other and have a drawn-out conversation to strengthen their emotional bond. logan then unties her arms and decides to walk out of the room to call the cops. but what is logan freeing our hands for, dude? her fingers are broken, and pretty badly, from what we can see. what's she going to do with tied up legs and two broken hands? do the worm until she's outside? no, come on, logan, you're so much smarter than that. first he needs to untie her legs and then walk with her downstairs. from what we see, the front door is open and the car is still running. yes, the tires are slashed, but you can still drive it. you'll probably destroy the rims in the process, but i'd rather have a broken car than a broken brain. and we haven't seen the killer's car anywhere. so it's definitely better than staying in the same house with the old man running around. so while logan is walking downstairs, the killer turns on the radio in the living room. logan decides to go to the landline phone. and will you take a look at this kid. man. he doesn't have a chance against the killer. what makes him think that he can fight him with his tiny knife? the guy is covered in ice water. a wind could knock him out. so it turns out that all the phone lines are cut. so he goes into his bedroom, and what do you know, both of their phones are there. that was a good guess. he looks at his phone, but the sim card is out, so he throws it aside. however, a phone without a sim can still call 9-1-1 or any other emergency line. that's a requirement. but logan throws the phone away, and hears his mom screaming. he chases her down into the basement, where he walks around with a flashlight. and now the killer can see him coming around the corners. he should obviously be a little bit more careful with a flashlight, because it does very easily give his position away. so as he walks by a hallway, his mother jumps out screaming at him. so he stabs her because he's scared. when he looks behind her, he sees the killer and tries running out of the house. while he's about 30 feet away from the front door, he trips on a nothing and takes too long to escape. the killer then comes up behind him and drags him back inside. then he very carefully removes his contact lenses and gives them a head start to run away into the forest. now i really wouldn't expect logan to remember this because it's a small detail mentioned much earlier. but if he starts running to the left, he would probably stumble upon martha's house, where he can call for help. earlier, the first time they met, she said, if you need anything, my house is just west through the woods. you can't miss it. again, it's completely understandable that he can't recall this piece of information right now, but hypothetically, it's something he could do. so he runs out into the forest with his flashlight on, which is still a bad idea, because, again, the killer can see where he's going. it doesn't matter if he has a huge head start if logan has the flashlight on, the man can follow his exact trail. eventually, he takes a short break and hears some noises. logan quickly hides under a branch, fearing that it's the killer. but a few seconds later we see that it's just creepy martha. and it makes sense for logan to hide because he can't see who it is. but martha is not that far away. it takes her less than 20 seconds to walk to the tree where logan is, so she probably heard him grunting and screaming for help, or could have seen his flashlight waving around. and she's always looking to talk to them, so she can do that. here we go to the next morning, and logan is still running through the forest. he stops at a river to drink something when the man comes up behind him and kills him. what he could have done here? and this is his odds of winning are not that high, but instead of walking into the forest with no real plan, he could have walked in the woods somewhat next to the road, because that makes it more likely that he eventually stumbles on another house or the city down the mountain. of course, for this to work, he would also need to turn off the flashlight. now you might be wondering, who's the killer? i don't know. it's, uh, some dude. so that's how you can be 2018's open house. as always. i hope you liked it and that i get to see you guys in the next video. bye, guys. i'm in this chair, and there's like all this crap coming out of out of it. it's like, super uncomfortable. 