hi. so this new post-apocalyptic movie run by kids seems to be delayed longer than the Carter five because the none of the producers got the memo that this ended like three years ago. it's yet again, another one of those movies where the kids are the only ones who can save the world. they always look like Disney Channel models, even though they have been showered in weeks. and this one actually has roof from The Hunger Games, who's given her everything, everything to be the lead, even if it didn't work for me. it takes a little from the x-men, since these kids all seem to have superpowers, and considering that babies just stopped being born in this timeline, they kind of try to take a little bit of a children of men and make a make a version for kids, which is really ironic. let me explain. so ruby is this girl who gets picked up by Mandy Moore, who's out to rescue her, and takes a walk with her, which anyone would be happy to remember. but then this girl just dips. she runs into the most diverse lead cast set of individuals who all have their own powers. this guy clearly saw Chronicle this girl with the Doctor Strange gloves, is motion shocked. and this guy literally says he wears glasses cuz he's a smart guy, even even though that's not how that works. actually, none of the costumes in this movie actually make any sense. there's a scene where this chick randomly comes out on a prom dress for no reason. so besides the fact that forever21 is showcasing their fall line a little early in this movie, you got these kids on the run because the whole government's after them because they want to test them and use them as subjects. freakin Brienne of Tarth is even sent after them. but since Ruby's power is to read and control minds, she's able to manipulate people, and at one point, even sense captain phasma on a never-ending cane walk until she starves herself to death. which it, I'll be straight, this movie keeps everything pretty much PG, but this move right here was straight G my only thing with this is that ruby has these dope powers in the movie. could be very interesting. but a lot of the issues with the young adult genre, I guess, if you want to call it, is that they make it. it's like the little tight demographic like this movie has a scene where a full-grown man guns down a bunch of children who are trying to escape as they reenact a scene from x-men. and yet, somehow eighth grade was scarier than their apocalypse. the big issue here is that ruby is worried about her parents, because she's just straight Thanos herself out of her parents memories, like that movie The Forgotten, just BAM, completely wiped like Annie relies. and somehow she can't reverse that. so she's struggling with this immense power that she has in her I love that this girl can instantly read memories out of everything she touches, like that's how powerful she is. objects, people. doesn't even matter if she's asleep yet. this girl be touching a lot of things. she's just fine here and there. they then find some producers, kids who are cast and at first I thought, hey, you know, they just arrived at Riot Fest. but it turns out that these kids have gentrified the damn apocalypse. it turns out that the president's son, who everyone thought was a traitor, actually has similar powers to Ruby. and he's doing all that he can to gather all the kids and do his best to better help it come on you know, let's do is a liar. look at this guy. he'd cheat in a game of foosball. and I'd be lying if I didn't say that someone in the theater took a nap towards the end of the movie, which made it really hard to concentrate. but from what I gathered, they saved the day by the end of it. it's clear that producers in Hollywood still don't understand that for young adult audiences, the apocalypse shouldn't be about taking showers and still looking great, dancing out in the moonlight as you fall in love, as you're camping under the stars, because that's electric fest. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts. like I said, this was, I caught this early in the morning. you know, movie passing working anymore. went over there, got that AMC stubs list, trying to get this thing because I had missed a couple of screenings for it. but I'm here so know your thoughts on this movie. um, I don't know if anyone's still watching young adult movies, if you actually read the book or whatever had to do with it. curious, no lemon-aid thoughts. on below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. and I will personally produce and make sure that a divergent four is funded. 