[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul. on this video, we're breaking down m night shyamalan's new movie, old. sorry, had something stuck in my throat there. now. m night is someone who i feel i have to watch no matter what. though i don't always enjoy his movies, i think the director has done a great job of creating situation horrors that take a unique concept an audience is dying to get to the bottom of. whether it's people being trapped in an elevator during devil, or mother nature turning into mother-in-law during the happening, each movie has an intriguing premise that makes his films a must watch, even if more often than not, they don't deliver on their promise. old is no different. and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down the movie, it's plot and also the ending, to discuss exactly what happened in it. full spoilers ahead. and though i normally say if you haven't seen it, that you should check out now, i know some of you will be here without watching the movie so you can learn what the twist is. that's totally fine. i won't judge you. and i hope you enjoy the breakdown. okay, so how do you know if you're old? the candles cost more than the kkk, it's so weird, i tell him. now, old starts off simple enough with married couple, guy and prisca, taking their two kids, trenton maddox, on a family vacation before they get divorced. it turns out that prisca discovered she had a tumor, and she cheated on guy, though he never told her he knew this. the pair have decided to separate, but they want to give the children some happy memories before things go south. guy is someone who always looks to the future, and prisca always looks to the past. and their inability to live in the moment is what drives a wedge between them. come the end of the film, the pair realized that they had one another, and that they should have focused on that rather than external things. and it's quite a touching character arc. now, at the resort, trent befriends a young boy named idlib, and he worries that trent is going to be taken away, so he writes him a coded message. at the hotel, they're told by the manager named niels that there's a secret beach area. and this is where the majority of the movie takes place. escorted there by an unnamed character played by m knight, their gerry are tricked into taking part in the experiment of a lifetime that takes from the few in order to give to the many. after meeting several people at the location, we see the phrase life's a beach and then you die come into full effect as everyone starts aging at a rapid pace. and this constant ticking clock in the background adds to the desperation they face whilst trying to escape. we discover that the beach has a specific mineral in the rocks that surround it, which causes the salt in someone's body to drastically alter. because someone's hair and nails are technically dead, they don't change. however, the rest of the body does, along with the mind. this naturally occurring anomaly is somewhat of a pressurized location, and because the minerals cause one's cells to change at a rapid pace, it's almost impossible to leave without blacking out. now amongst the group is a rapper named mid-sized sudan, who has an issue with his blood clotting. a family made up of a doctor called charles, who suffers from a mental disease, his wife crystal, who has a calcium deficiency, their daughter cara, mother agnes and cute little pooch. there's also jiren and patricia, the latter of whom suffers from epilepsy. after searching every nuke and granny, they come to the conclusion that time isn't on their side and that there is no escape. during this they also figure out that each family has a member with an underlying health condition, which plays massively into the twist. now the movie as a whole, i think, feels very much like a metaphor for life in general. though they try and fight their fate and get away from the circumstances, time always catches up to them. old age is something that will come to us all if we live long enough. and nothing we do can stop the hands of time. because of this, the situation feels rather hopeless at points. and it's not too long before we learn that this is all part of a process. whilst the first half of old is about the characters trying to escape their fate, the latter is about them accepting it and trying to see the good in life rather than the bad. the movie is based on the graphic novel sandcastle. and in that we hear the story of a character who was so afraid of death that he spent most of his life trying to avoid it. this fear consumed him to the point that he didn't live life to the fullest. and i do think that this is an important message for an audience, even if the execution in the movie leaves a lot to be desired. now, trent maddox end up discovering a notebook of someone else who was stuck on the beach before them, and it details that there was an unknown individual watching them throughout their time. now it turns out that these observers are all part of an experiment carried out by a research group who wish to advance medical technologies in order to treat the sick and vulnerable. we discover that the hotel itself is a front that's merely used to usher people into trials, as no one would ever willingly volunteer to give the rest of their life up on the off chance a treatment might work. drug trials typically tend to take decades to see the results of and the beach actually allows the research team to speed up the observation process, so that they can learn a lifetime's worth of knowledge in the space of a day. the pharmaceutical company recruit people whilst they're trying to get their prescriptions, and upon arriving at the hotel, they're given specialized drinks, which all contain certain medicines. these people are then grouped together in the hopes that one will provide a breakthrough. and in the film, we learn that 73 sets of people have gone through this experiment. now because of the trial, we see, the science group managed to find a way to treat epilepsy, and thus it is viewed as a success. this development will allow people across the world who suffer from it to have better medical care. and the movie is very much arguing whether the ends justify the means. i'm sure the scientists think that they are morally justified in carrying out these experiments in order to help others. but the torture that the people trapped on the beach go through is agonizing to watch. there are several members in each family that don't have anything wrong with them, and they're sent to the beach for no reason other than to make those being experimented on not have any suspicions. we ourselves, as an audience, very much become like the scientists watching this thing play out. we observe the characters as they age. i wonder why we wasted 108 minutes of our lives with this piece of crap. i'm just, i'm just kidding. the movie was all right. now on the beach, after several failed escape attempts, tensions start to rise, and we discover that charles has a paranoid mental condition, which slowly starts to get worse and worse. i've seen some people say that this is schizophrenia, whilst others have said it's dementia. i don't want to be disrespectful, as both are serious conditions that i don't think should be demonized either way. he kills mid-sized sedan, and the rest of the people on the beach slowly succumb to either attempting to escape or their conditions. there's a horrifying scene in which kara has a rapid pregnancy, and some moments are truly shocking. it all comes to a head, and charles attempts to attack guy, but after he's slashed with a rusty knife left behind by other victims. the character gets blood poisoning at super speed. it's a twisted way for everything to play out, and leaves the core family as the only survivors. now, before passing away, guy and prisca bury the casket with one another, and guys somewhat forgives her as he realizes he can't even remember what they were fighting about in the first place. guy says he's just happy they could all be together, and this entire journey they've been on feels like a time lapse of a marriage. in the end, he can't even remember why they wanted to leave the beach, and he dies with his family surrounding him. it's pretty heartbreaking, and it's arguably the strongest part of the movie. as we know he's doomed to his fate, but he still manages to see the good in life. i guess, the trip of a lifetime turned out to be just that. and he dies after saying he's not angry with prisca anymore. prisca walks towards the sea before passing away. and maddox and trent have to watch their parents die, which is likely something that will happen to us all. the pair fall asleep, and they awaken to find themselves much older. and they decide to try and escape again. however, they want to take a moment to just have some fun. and the pair build a sand castle together on the beach, which is, of course, a call back to the aforementioned graphic novel. now from here, trent decodes a message that was given to him by nils's nephew. and this actually leads them to realizing that there is a way to escape. the pressure doesn't affect the coral around the location, and thus they're able to swim through it and make it off the beach. above the cliffs, we see m knight, who was observing them, and he believes that they've drowned. after they fail to resurface, he calls us in, and whoever's on the other end, it seems like he wants him to stay and make sure. but he quickly reminds him that the last person who made it out died shortly after. anyway, m knight then travels to the lab, which is where we learn the truth about what's really going on there, and the new treatment for epilepsy however, it's revealed that trent and maddox survived, and they actually swam through the coral, which allowed them to escape. armed with the journal of the person who was on the beach before them, they go to policemen that they met when they were younger and expose the operation. this leads to the employees of the hotel being arrested, and everything is seemingly shut down. the pair must adjust to their new life and changes, but maddox says that things will be alright. now, as for the experiments and how they wrap up, it's an ending that will obviously have a lot of people arguing over whether what they did was right, as it was for the greater good, but it ruined so many people's lives that you pretty much can't justify it. the film is a bit of a weird one, and like a lot of m nights work, there's no clear cut right and wrong. and overall, it's a pretty depressing analogy of life. people will use you and spit you out whilst you attempt to fight for what's most important to you. and the metaphor of being trapped somewhere whilst you age can be applied to a number of things, whether it's your job, your relationship or even watching terrible youtubers explain movies to you. i think the point of the movie is to make us realize that we all have a finite amount of time and that we shouldn't waste it. life is precious. and sadly, a lot of the characters on the island learn this lesson too late, which leads to them dying filled with regret. it's not a nice fate. and though i think the movie could have handled a lot of elements better than it did, the film does have a strong message to it. what did i think of it overall? well, before we get into the review part of the video, i want to let you know we're giving away three free mcu box sets at the end of the month. and all you have to do is comment below, like the video, and make sure that you subscribe with notifications on i'll be choosing the winners at random on the 30th of july, and the lucky people who got the last ones are on screen right now, so that's you. then message me on twitter. heavy spoilers. now, as for my thoughts on the film, it was something that i really, really wanted to like. but due to the handling of the material and certain directional choices, i think that it misses the mark at certain points. now, i'm not someone who just outright hates m knight and his work. i think the sixth sense and unbreakable are masterpieces. i really enjoy the servant as well, and actually got given early access to the first episode of the second season, which contained an exclusive video from the director in which he basically talked about what went into the show. he said that he tries to add some dark humor to his work, as it can be unnerving for an audience to wonder whether something is supposed to be funny or not. if he's sitting there and not knowing if he can laugh, it can lead to some nervousness during a scene. but often i find that doing that leads to said scene feeling totally disjointed. there were points in this film where i was trying to figure out whether something was a joke or not, and it made it really weird to watch. there were audible laughs in the audience when things were supposed to be serious. and i'm not sure if that was the intention, but it feels like a fail to me. now, on top of this. the shot choices were also very strange. and though it gave a claustrophobic feel at points, there were moments where it was just a strange way to film things. i get that it was supposed to get you off balance, but i don't know if it worked every time. and i'm probably a boring person that likes more standard cinematography. often the camera would just pan away from what was going on for a long time, and you kind of felt like you were missing some great performances. so saying that, i don't really think the movie worked all that well. but in the same sentence, i will say that this is a film that will stick with you. the performances were all really good, and the casting was perfect, especially with all the different ages. they do some incredible things with subtle makeup touches. and overall, it's really well made. it was a hell of a journey full of ups and downs. and sort of like life in a way, i suppose, you know, full of ups and downs, highs and lows, but we got there in the end. now, i have mixed feelings on the film, but i do feel that the good outweighs the bad. and in the end, i think it'll be something that people talk about for a long time. i feel the horror was really well handled, such as the rapid fire birth and crystal's calcium deficiency, which leads to her getting a hunchback. the film script also works really well on a second viewing, and there's several mentions of things that pay off, like the hunchback and the rusty knives, which i think actually makes the movie better on repeat viewings. m night keeps on. m knighting, and you'll probably know before going into this whether it's something that you like or not. i think it ranks around lady in the water and maybe the village for me in terms of direction. and overall, it gets a 6.5 out of 10. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the movie, and whether you agree or disagree, i think that the film is gonna have people split. hey. and if you have anything you want to add, then drop it in the comments below. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of all the easter eggs in space jam, a new legacy as it took a while to do. and i just, i would just appreciate the support and without the way. thank you for sending you the video. i've been paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 