[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka a friendly neighborhood spider-man. and after the world premiere of far from home last night, we finally have official word on what happens in the film's post-credit scenes. of the last week I've been putting together all of the rumors, but now that the film is slowly being released, we are finally seeing what it entails. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the final scenes of the film and discussing how they set up future movies. there will be full spoilers here, so if you don't want to know anything about the film, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for click in this video. I hope you enjoy it. now, sit back, relax, and let's get into my breakdown of the post-credits scene from spider-man, bar from home. ok. so the first scene picks up with Peter Parker swinging through New York with MJ. Peter successfully defeated Mysterio in the movie, and it seems like all this works out for the webhead. he drops MJ off and lands on a lamppost, which is when he sees on a large Madison Square Garden screen that there is a news report from the Daily Bugle net. they've apparently acquired an exclusive clip. and the show is hosted by none other than Jay jonah Jameson, have played by JK Simmons. he plays a video that Mysterio made in the film, which appears to show that spider-man has been the one behind the elementals, and that he stopped Mysterio so he could replace Ironman as the world's number one hero. Jameson calls him a menace and brands him as a liar that killed the world's greatest superhero, before he shows the second half of the video, which reveals that Peter Parker is spider-man. it's big news. Peter Parker is devastated, and we cut to black, similar to the ending of homecoming, in which Aunt May discovered that Peter was Spidey. so what does this mean? well, similar to the Civil War storyline, the entire world now knows that Parker is spider-man. but there's a lot more weight added to this, as they also think that he murdered Mysterio. wilds Marvel are no stranger to showing the identity of their heroes. this will, of course, cause problems for the wall-crawler, who is still in high school. going forward, I think Peter will have to either fake it so that this isn't the case. however, with the Bulger already knowing this, things could become difficult. it definitely gets me amped up for the rest of the MCU. and I can sort of see the villains joining together to make a sinister six for the third film. the second scene starts off with Nick Fury and Maria Hill transforming into Scrolls, which are none other than Talos and his wife from Captain Marvel. this was leaked heavily online last week, and it turns out it's true, which adjusting is crazy. a lot of people are kind of nagging on this scene, but it means that I'm far from home. the two shield agents have in fact, been Scrolls the entire time, and this explains why fury gets so angry about Peter dissing Captain Marvel early in the movie. it turns out that Nick Fury and Maria hill are, in fact, on vacation to you and whilst they initially seem to be on a beach, they're actually on a scroll ship going forward. this means that Scrolls are still around and have been slowly getting involved with world politics, which definitely teases a return for them in future movies. if we get some kind of Secret Invasion stuff, that'll be amazing. but I guess we'll see what happens going forward. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on these spoilers and what you think will happen in the film's for the future. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it. and if you'd like to see more spoilers, then make sure you check out the rumored leaks from the premiere, which will be linked at the end. it covers all of the movies part and it's definitely worth checking out. so I'll leave it linked after this. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for take the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 