welcome. my name is Sophia, and now I'm going to talk about 12 years of slave Solomon Northup as a free African American man in 1841, working as a violinist and living with his wife and two children in Saratoga Springs, New York. two white men, Brown and Hamilton, offer him short-term employment as a musician if he will travel with them to Washington DC. however, once they have arrived, they drug Northup and deliver him to a slave pen run by a man named birch. Northup proclaims that he is a free man, only to be savagely beaten with a wooden paddle and then a leather strap. north of his ship to New Orleans, along with other captive African Americans, he is told by the others that if he wants to survive in the south, he must adapt to being a slave and not to tell anyone he is a free man. a slave trader named Theophilus Freeman gives Northup the identity of Platt, a runaway slave from Georgia, and sells him to plantation owner William Ford. Ford takes a liking to Northup and gives him a violin a growing tension between Northup and plantation carpenter, John thaibeats, finally breaks as thaibeats tries to beat Northup. Northup snaps and beats thaibeats with his hands before beating him with his own whip. Ty beats and his group tried to hang Northup, but they are not successful. Northup is left on tiptoes with the noose around his neck for hours before Ford arrives and cuts Northup down. to save Northup slight, Ford sells him to another slave owner named Edwin Epps. in the process, Northup attempts to explain that he is actually a free man, but Ford tells him he is too afraid and that he cannot help him. Epps, unlike Ford, is ruthless and sadistic. Northup meets Patsy, a favored slave who can pick over 500 pounds of cotton a day, twice the usual quota. Epps regularly rapes Patsy while his wife abuses and humiliates her out of jealousy. sometime later, caught worms destroy X's crops. unable to work his fields, Epps leases his slaves to a neighboring plantation for the season, while their Northup gains the favor of the plantations owner, judge turner, who allows him to play the fiddle at a neighbor's wedding anniversary celebration and to keep his earnings. when Northup returns 2x, he uses the money to pay a white field hand and former overseer, Armsby to mail a letter to his friends in new york. Armsby agrees and accepts Northup saved money, but immediately betrays him. 2x. in the middle of the night, a drunken Epps wakes Northup and questions him menacingly about the letter while holding a knife to Northup stomach. Northup is narrowly able to convince Epps that Armsby is lying, and Epps relents. afterwards, Northup mournfully burns the letter to prevent Epps from finding it. some time later, Patsey is caught by Epps going to a neighboring plantation in order to acquire soap, as mrs. Epps won't let her have any. in retaliation, Epps orders Northup to whit Patsy. Patsy is then whipped brutally by X to the point of near death. after the incident, Northup destroys his violin in a rage. Northup begins working on the construction of a gazebo with a Canadian labour named Samuel base. base is unsettled by the brutal way that Epps treats his slaves and expresses his opposition to slavery earning Epps with enmity. Northup overhears the conversation and decides to reveal his kidnapping to base. once again, Northup asks for help in getting a letter to New York. although base is hesitant at first because of the risk, he agrees to send it. one day, the local sheriff arrives in a carriage with two men. the sheriff asks north of a series of questions to confirm that his answers match the facts of his life in New York. Northup recognizes the sheriff's companion as mr. Parker, a shopkeeper he knew in Saratoga Springs. Parker has come to free him and the to embrace. though an enraged EPS furiously protests the circumstances and tries to prevent Northup from leaving, Northup gives an emotional farewell to patsy and rides off to his freedom. Northup has returned to his home and family, crying as he walks up the steps. as he walks in, he sees his wife with their fully-grown son and daughter and her husband, who present him with his grandson and namesake, Solomon Northup, Staunton. Northup apologizes for his long absence while his family comforts him. the film's epilogue titles recount Northup unsuccessful suits against brown hamilton and birch. the 1853 publication of Northup slave narrative, memoirs, 12 years a slave, describes his role in the abolitionist movement and the absence of any information surrounding the details of his death and burial. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music]. 