[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and it's time to put a smile on that face with a lot of news coming forward that we may be getting a joker sequel at some point. this comes straight from the clown's mouth, with Joaquin Phoenix in a recent interview with Pierre Travis, stating that he can't stop thinking about the role, and it's something that he's been discussing with director Todd Phillips. I play the clip from the interview in just a second, but make sure you subscribe to the channel to keep up to date with all the news on the upcoming DC. movies. anyway, this is great news for fans of the film, as Phoenix's famously being someone who never took part in sequels. but it seems like you may be interested in going forward with Joker after this. let's play the clip. but now, obviously, like I can't stop thinking about it a lot, about what else we might be able to do in general, just working together, but also specifically, is there something else with Joker that that might be interesting? so it ended up being a jury rule, I don't it's, it's nothing that that I really wanted to do prior to work? are you saying that, yes, you don't do sequels. you know, there's no to even say that there's more to do. I don't know that there is there is. but you're not closed-minded about it? no. and it's, you know, I think me Todd would still be shooting now if we could write, because it seemed endless, the possibilities and where we could go with the character. you don't have any dream to be in a scene with Batman? no, Ivan had that around that debt ring. we'll see. it could be coming, because the Batman is coming, so who knows? right? it's up there. okay, so there's quite a lot to impact from all that, and I definitely recommend that you check out the full 25-minute interview, which are linked in the description below. going off just this clip, though, it's clear that Phoenix is obsessed with the role and that he wishes to explore some of the endless possibilities with the character. I, as I'm sure many, would love to see a return. and there's so many hanging questions over the film that I could happily watch another two hours with all the flack that shows him terrorizing Gotham. the character clearly can't be held by Arkham, as we saw in the film's finale. and with the tie-in to the Wayne family murders, there's definitely potential to see the Clown Prince of Crime go up against the Caped Crusader. another interesting aspect of this interview is that the actor doesn't completely shut down rumors of this being tied to the upcoming Batman movie. in the run-up to the film, it was publicized everywhere that this would be a standalone film, and all of the rumors of it being tied to the Batman was shut down pretty quickly. but the tide seems to be turning. now you may remember earlier in the year that in an interview with variety, Robert Pattinson was asked to comment on the possibility of meeting with Joaquin Phoenix's Joker on-screen. and after making a comment on it, he asked to retract it from the interview. now this instantly made headlines across the internet. and whilst we will never know what was said in the interview, the fact that it had to be retracted hints that things may be in development that the public shouldn't be privy to. in addition to this, there are also rumors that have emerged this week from we got this covered who stayed at the same source that told them Viola Davis was returning for Suicide Squad and that black atom would be in Shazam 3, that Warner Brothers are interested in doing a sequel. as of the 13th of October, the film has grossed over half a billion dollars, and it just makes sense business-wise to have the character go beyond his first film. the studio may even be putting the pieces in place to eventually have the two come face to face down the line, similar to how Marvel created standalone films before their big crossover. I would absolutely love to see this. and it did slightly put it down on Joker whilst watching it, thinking that we may never see this performance again. however, this interview gives a lot of hope. and honestly, I'll be absolutely over the moon if it gets pushed into development. it just makes sense from a business point of view, and obviously the plans will be behind it. DC need as many hits as they can get right now, and what better way to rebuild their reputation with a sequel to their best film since the Dog Night. there is really no downside to it. and fingers crossed that we get to see Return of the jakka, like to jock in Phoenix, like jakka have rode the video of sorry. now, obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on this interview. and if you think a sequel will happen or not, coming below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of who Joker's true father is, which would be linked at the end. we went over all of the evidence, did the digital DNA test, and definitely have the answers. so make sure you check that out if you want something else to watch. again, I'll leave the link to the Peter Travis interview in the description. and if you want to come follow me on Twitter, just here up at definition why teen. I've also just started up my discord server, which will be linked below. so head over to join the community, as it's the best way to keep up to date with the channel. also, just want to let you know that we're currently giving away a free copy of spider-man far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video. make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the Joker sequel in the comments section below, who will be chosen at random on October the 15th. and the blue row be shipped out from Mentos. forget surprise. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 