[Music]. seventeen-year-old Andy is preparing to go to college. he is not played with his toys and years, and most of them are gone. the remaining toys reflect on their future. and the army men leave by parachuting out the window. and he intends to take what he with him to college, and puts the other toys in the trash bag to put them in the Attic. however, Andy's mother thinks the bag is trash and mistakenly throws it out. the toys escape and climb into her car. as they're upset and believe Andy tossed them away, and get into a donation box with Molly's old Barbie doll, bound for Sunnyside daycare. what he follows, but is unable to convince them that Andy meant to keep them, and is forced to go along when Andy's mother drives off to donate them. Andy's toys are welcomed by a lot so hug and bear, or lot so for short. and the other toys at Sunnyside accept woody. Andy's toys are delighted to learn the sunny side never runs out of children to play with. and Barbie is enamored with a Ken doll there. woody attempts to return home, but is instead found by Sunnyside student Bonnie, who brings him home and plays with him and her other toys, which are well treated. Bonnie's clown toy, chuckles, explains that he lots, oh and big baby, once had a beloved owner named Daisy, but were lost during a family trip when they made at home Lotso found he had been replaced. he lied to big baby, saying Daisy had replaced all of them. when they found Sunnyside Lotso took over it, turning it into a toy prison. and chuckles only escaped because Bonnie took him home for a repair at Sunnyside. Andy's toys disliked the toddler's rough play buzz lightyear asks Lotso to move the toys to the older children's room, but lots of switches buzz to his original factory setting, erasing his memory. mrs. Potato Head, through an eye she lost in Andy's room, sees Andy searching for them. they realized that what he was telling the truth about andy's intentions, and tried to leave. Andy's toys are imprisoned by lots of henchmen who rely on new recruits to save themselves from the preschoolers abuse. what? he returns to Sunnyside and learns from a chatter telephone that the only way out is through the trash. Andy's toys accidentally reset buzz to spanish mode instead of his old persona, and starts to fall in love with Jesse. the toys reach a dumpster, but are cornered by lattos gang. that's a garbage truck approaches. what do you reveal? slots, those deception to big baby, who throws lot so into the dumpster. as the toys try to leave, mottos henchmen retreat, and lots of drags woody into the dumpster. as the truck collects the trash, the rest of the toys fall into the truck while trying to rescue him, except Barbie Ken and a big baby. a falling television lands on Buzz, restoring his memory and personality. the truck brings the toys to a landfill where the aliens are swept away after spotting an industrial claw. and the other toys are deposited on a conveyer belt that leads to an incinerator. Woody and Buzz help Lotso reach an emergency stop button, only for Lotso to abandon them and escape. the toys resign themselves to their fate and prepare to die, but are rescued by the aliens operating the claw. lotsa was found by a garbage truck driver who ties him to his trucks radiator grille and drives away. woody and the other toys board another garbage truck back to Andy's house. what he leaves a note for Andy, who, thinking the notice from his mother, donates the toys to Bonnie. Andy introduces the toys individually to Bonnie. and - Andy surprised, woody is at the bottom of the donation box, and Bonnie recognizes him, though initially hesitant. Andy passes wadiya on to Bonnie, and they played together before he leaves. woody and the other toys witness Andy's departure as they begin their new lives Bonnie. in the film's epilogue, Barbie Ken and big baby have made vast improvements to Sunnyside and maintain contact with Bonnie's toys through letters. after parachuting in the army, men are welcomed to Sunnyside [Music] 