listen, there's this new Netflix show that was getting dumped on before it even came out. but if you've ever seen any LME video, you know, we're big believers are not judging something until you watch it, because you can catch the subtleties, the intricacies. the show's trash it, like, is one of the trashy shows out there. now when I say it's trashy, I don't mean like it's boring or completely bad, because this thing is very entertaining. it's clear that they wanted to achieve something with it, at the matic message, but like, in a vulgar, comedic way. and you know, sometimes it missed the mark for a lot of people with lines like which might actually have a shot. so, while there's definitely a theme in there, and you know, I give them credit for trying to go all balls out and making this show as vulgar as can be, but, you know, maybe they bid a bit more than they could chew. let me explain. so if Netflix shows, we're like fast food, this one would give you diabetes. somehow. this thing is actually based off of a real story between a lawyer who runs beauty pageants and a bully victim. the real lawyer actually has his own reality show called coach charming. you have a dog? yeah, I just killed him. but in the series insatiable, Debbie Ryan is living the sweet life on sweets since I was at home stuffing another home. meanwhile, Bob's dream has always been to win a beauty pageant, but he coaches some of the dumbest contestants ever. thank you. well, gets the ball rolling between these two is that Patti gets punched in the face by a homeless person over a Snickers bar, which causes her to lose a lot of weight because she has a broken jaw, has to go on a juice diet, but it also has to show up in court because you did get into a fight. that's where Bob comes in, since he got accused of child molestation since he couldn't help a girl win the crown. so because of that, obviously no one's going to hire him for a case. so he has to work pro bono for patty, who falls in love with him as soon as she sees him. he's a child molester, which means I might actually have a shot. now, look, I get sarcasm, right? but this yo, this girl right here, is ready to jump the gun. she goes to an a, a meeting with her mom, where she finds the homeless dude who's trying to recover. obviously, he doesn't recognize her since she's lost so much weight. and she decides that the best way to exact revenge on this man, and I guess thinking for the weight loss, is to have sex. that's great, that guy. you mean, like, screw him over. she actually goes to a hotel room with him, but dips before they smash. and because this guy is like lighting up a cigarette, the entire room gets set on fire. that means that now she's in an even bigger legal case if they connect her to it. but her best friend, who clearly wants to taste her rainbow, joins forces with Donald, who works at the convenience store, who they catch Jackie and Alfonzo is everyone up. Heidi tries to pretend she was drunk that night so that they can't connect her to the case, but she gets too drunk, has to go to the hospital to get her stomach pumped. and in the hospital, she actually locks eyes with the homeless man who recognizes her, but she's using the force and kills the homeless dude, just by staring at him, I wanted him dead. and then he was. and I was happy. at this point, Bob and Patty are working together to win a pageant, but their biggest competition is hop up. it's got a hot wife, a hot daughter, and is also a lawyer who competes in pageants. but they've been rivals since elementary school. since everybody always loves hot Bob over regular Bob, he decides that the best way to train patty is to take her to his mrs. Miyagi, the lady who taught him everything about pageants. but since he also had an affair with this lady, she's also out to get him. then to pulling an Edward along the way and get baptized just to qualify for regionals at a church pageant. [Music]. and it's while they're there that she ends up falling in love with the pastor's demonic kid. they run away, they have sex, maybe she gets pregnant. but the thing is, she's not pregnant with a child. it's a parasitic twin that you consumed in utero. wait, you're saying that I could have been a twin, but I ate it. how turns out she's been eating since before she came out the womb. and at this point, the pastor who was there to qualify her refuses to do so because she believes there to be a demon inside of her, like the unborn, and tries to exorcise it out of her. so pretty much we go from Miss Congeniality to the conjuring. they then test out a Ouija board, why hi, fatty, and get trolled by a homeless guy from beyond the grave. they Google how to exorcise a demon. Bob pulls an Ed Warren and does the exorcism, where the twitter name kitty is. it gets really weird out of all of that. it turns out he comes out - when you say I'm gay, I feel like you don't say, I'm not gay. turns out the reason both Bob's hate each other is because they both secretly love each other. and we're just, they were just trying to hide it. do you feel that you embody the fruits of the spirit? I mean, yeah, I feel like my insides are appropriately fruity. and while Bob's wife feels heartbroken at first, you know, she got also has a thing for hot Bob and just says, [Music]. we find out Patty's dad is some random Baldwin brother named Gordie, ironically named Gordie. and her mom decides that the best way to help her daughter is by restarting her own adult life and then just completely leaving her daughter alone. Patty's best friend gets a girlfriend and moves on from her. turns out that bob has a secret daughter with mrs. Miyagi somehow, who's actually using him to rig the pageants while his eldest daughter is in rehab for doing too many pageants. and then at the end and a time, that kidnapping happens, followed by a real kidnapping that results in another kidnapping, all to win pageants. you know, you would think that by the end of the 12 episodes, we would finally get to the pageant that everyone's been talking now we don't. we don't even get that. turns out this tre way ain't gonna work out, since Bob only wants to let his nuts hang for him and not for her. so Bob needs to make a decision. but because he can't pick between his wife and his lover, he decides to leave the cannoli takes the gun, and right before he offs himself, he gets another call from Patty. now, Patty has created more enemies throughout this entire thing, the Drake, right? she's to the point of even having to escape in a weiner costume after getting kidnapped by mrs. me. I'm not, I'm not going to cover all that. but throughout that she's also created some stalkers. preacher's son, who was obsessed with demons, who thought he got her pregnant, appears once again at the final episode confessing his love for her, as he's kidnapped hot Bob's daughter in order to help her win the pageant, and even ask patty to help him kill her together so they can bond. patty doesn't want to do so. so after he berates her and tells her that she is a bad person, she's the villain of the story, patty decides to correct him by responding with her eyes. and they drown the car with his body as both of them are legit now murders. and they stare into the camera, hoping for a second season. so now let me play you a montage of some of the wildest one-liners and scenes from this show that I set. [Music]. you are groping me, and if anyone's gonna get croaked, it's gonna be me. these knees. oh, my god, are you taking a picture of your hoo-ha? you're Napoleon Bonaparte. your Pacific Rim job. I'm super tight. you look really loose to me. I am not Asian. I am adapting. taking back the slurs that women are bombarded with every day is shocking and important. what didn't you just say? there's nothing wrong with being gay for you. are you sure? spike, sexual as ourselves. yeah, it's for a good cause. I had no map, no phone, just a weenie suit slowing me down. getting shit-faced is my favorite tradition. now, nobody's eating my wieners. as the face of caca, your charity, the Center for anal cancer awareness. KKK, the KKK, that's who you want to invest in. Tampa's. oh, they love tampons. you know what? now for one second, let me give this show credit, right? I do think that it's funny. it's got a funny cast and crew. and it's also even more hilarious the outside reception, when everyone who worked on this is like super shocked about how people are feeling about the show. I don't think that they're intense was bad, right? like their intent was to use humor to get a message across, even if all the jokes don't land. but there are a couple of good scenes within there, right? there are moments between the daughter and the mom. there's a trans actress that appears in episode 5 who's trying to make a statements about acceptance. there's a couple of great lines like, these don't be the most to you. you can be because who you are. [Music]. and even a scene where she pulls a Timothy sha'lame and eats through the credits to show her sad relapse. it was good, like, if you actually, you could actually watch the entire credits all the way to the end, and she's actually crying in the background. but look, I know the writer specifically wanted to tackle that dark road revenge leads you to, but in a very vulgar way. and while I can take the jokes as fiction, it's very clear that the Internet has this very big cancel culture. and the most ironic thing about it is that some of the people on the show are the ones who created that culture. so the show may not be for everyone, but I don't think it's boring. it's corny, it's trashy, it's vulgar. and overall, I think it teaches an important lesson, to never lose weight, because you you might end up killing someone in a wiener outfit while you're running for a pageant. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. definitely let me know what other crazy shows are out there that you think I should cover. if you liked the show, if you didn't, boom, I got a road trip that I'm coming on. if you have any recommendations, let me know. you can follow me on Twitter and on Instagram, while I'll be updating stuff like that. pretty much a head i watch the show, and I decided, you know what? I need a two-week vacation. so yeah, this is probably the end of let me explain. unless you comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a Cosmo cake to celebrate our return. 