Hey Guys, Welcome Back To Explainer X In Today's Video. I Am Going To Explain Brownian Movement Romance Drama Movie So Know The Story Of This Movie In Today's Explanation, So Without Wasting Any Time, Let's Begin. At the beginning of the movie we are shown a woman named Scarlett who has come to see a flat. The flat was big and beautiful. So that flat Scarlett is very fond of and she takes it on Rant. After taking the rant, she gets ready and goes to school to pick up her son. After going to school, Scarlett sees that her son is taking a bath in the swimming pool. She waits there for a while and Scarlett comes home with her son. In the evening Scarlett tells a story to her son. His son's name is Benjamin. Benjamin want to hear another story. But Scarlett puts him to sleep. The next morning we see Scarlett's husband named Max. Seeing these two, we come to know that the relationship between these two is going very well. After that Scarlett goes to work. And we learn that Scarlett is a doctor, Scarlett goes to the hospital to see a patient who has a lot of hair on her body. After that Scarlett gets intimate with that patient, both of them get intimate in the flat which Scarlett had rented at the beginning of the movie. This flat was taken on rent by Scarlett so that she can get intimate with her patient there. After getting intimate with that man, Scarlett goes to give a lecture in a college, the next day a new patient comes to Scarlett. starts doing s***** then she takes that patient to her flat and she gets intimate with him. It was a daily thing for Scarlett to get intimate with the patient and every day she takes some patient to the flat and gets intimate with him. Scarlett is also intimate with her husband everyday but she did not enjoy the pleasure that she enjoys with her patient. And Scarlett also manages their marriage life very well and Max loves Scarlett very much. He also takes her to a beach for a walk and then the next day Scarlett gets intimate with an old patient and Scarlett She was also supposed to attend the parent teacher meeting on the same day, but Scarlett is late and when she reaches the parent teacher meeting Max is already there. Same evening Max asks Scarlett if everything is fine To which Scarlett says that everything is fine and she has no problem, then the next day Scarlett goes to the construction site to meet her husband. Seeing Scarlett where Max works, Max tells her that she has come early because she has yet to finish some work. Scarlett tells her that by then she has come to see the building from inside, then Scarlett starts walking around the building. After some time he sees a worker working there. When he sees the worker Scarlett, the worker recognizes him and he asks Scarlett if Scarlett has forgotten him. Seeing the worker, Scarlett panics and Scarlett starts screaming. The worker tries to calm her down but Scarlett punches her in the face. The worker falls down. As the worker wakes up Scarlett gives her another punch and then she herself faints there. The next day we see Scarlett unconscious in the hospital with Max sitting beside her. After some time Scarlett regains consciousness and a few days pass like this, due to that accident, Max had also come to know that Scarlett was intimate with his patient, then to save his relationship, Scarlett started going to psychiatrist. Scarlett tells his psychiatrist that the relationship between him and max is not good and max does not trust him at all, after a few days Scarlett goes to the psychiatrist with max for therapy the psychiatrist asks Scarlett. what she thinks about max then Scarlett tells that max is very good husband and he is very handsome and attractive and they know each other very well and max takes care of his likes and dislikes. Then the psychiatrist asks her if she can tell the difference between max and her patient with whom she was intimate, then Scarlett says that her patient and max have nothing in common and she likes to touch max but not the patient. Also she feels different Max asks Scarlett when did she rent that room and is she intimate with her patient everyday Scarlett doesn't say anything and she keeps Quiet. The next day Scarlett talks about a man who has a lot of hair on his body, Scarlett explains that after being intimate, he can't remember the patient's face properly, all he remembers was that a man's nails were strange. The nose was strange. After hearing that a man had a lot of hair on his body, the psychiatrist asks Scarlett why did you choose your patient after all, which had some flaws. Scarlett says that I should not answer this or else her relationship with Max will get worse, then after this Scarlett sits outside a building and starts laughing seeing the airplane going over her, we come to know that that Scarlett is a mental patient. After this we see Scarlett in the court where her trial was going on. Because of this, a case was also done on him, but even after this, Scarlett did not have the slightest remorse for his actions. When the court sees Scarlett, the court thinks that Scarlett's mental state is not good and Scarlett is also fired from the doctor's job and his medical license is also canceled, after that we give Scarlett and Max a Let's see in the flat Max knows that Scarlett's mental state is not right so he decides to give Scarlett one more chance then the scene changes and we are shown the scene after 2 years we are shown that Max India has shifted with Scarlett and they have twin children with them. The relationship between Max and Scarlett also starts improving and Scarlett is also slowly recovering. Then 1 day Scarlett comes to the construction site to meet Max there Max sees Scarlett talking to a worker Max starts suspecting Scarlett that Scarlett has started getting intimate with someone else again but He does not talk to Scarlett about this, now there is no work due to the loss of Scarlett's job, so she gets bored at home, after a few days goes to the construction site of Scarlett max. But that building was completed and there it does not get max. The watchmen here tell that the work is over and now there is no one here. Charlotte asks the watchmen for permission if she can see the building from inside. The watchman gives her permission to see the building. Scarlett starts walking on the roof of the building, here when Max comes home, he realizes that Scarlett is not at home, he asks the housemaid about it, then she says that Scarlett is has gone out then max asks maid if she goes out everyday then maid says yes, she goes out everyday. Hearing all this, Max begins to doubt Charlotte even more and that night Max and Charlotte are getting intimate. Then Scarlett closes her eyes, seeing all this Max gets very angry and comes out the next day Scarlett goes to the roof of the same building and sleeps there, which makes her feel very good the next day when Scarlett When she leaves the house, Max follows her. Max follows her into the building. Then she goes to the roof of the building looking for Charlotte. She regrets seeing him sitting alone in a corner. that he suspects Scarlett has started being intimate with someone else again. And seeing Scarlett in this condition max leaves from there that night max doesn't even sleep properly and next day Scarlett teaches her son to play piano and max spends time with his twin kids same night max goes to Scarlett hugs and talks about love The next day max Scarlett is going on a trip somewhere. Scarlett enjoys this trip a lot, now the relationship between max and Scarlett has improved a lot but max now charlottel will never be able to trust as before, here the movie ends. 