listen. so we're in the midst of another reboot renaissance. there's a lot of big budget franchises have had enough time passed between their predecessors, and now they're looking to make this new one a trilogy. uh? i always saw it as pre-tournament, riots, pre-tournament, then hopefully tournament. the post tournament. is the story as bare as jade's closing the video games? yeah, but for the fans, i think it has some really fun easter eggs and nods and fatalities that deliver. because of that r rating. i'm not gonna lie, it is super goofy, but i think it's fun enough to be a renter, in my opinion. so if you're interested, go check it out, or get that max trial, because we're about to get into full spoilers. let me explain. now, a little backtracking. in the early 90s, when the game came out, it was considered to be ultra violent, to the point that it not only fueled the council wars, but parents and politicians took it all the way to congress. a new mortal combat hits a new level of violence. i hope you walk away with one thought today, that if you don't do something about it, we will. we now require warning labels on toys that can potentially damage children's bodies. why not do so on a toy that can damage their minds? how do you feel about cutting his head off? then the movie adaptation came out, and it was pg-13. it came from paul w. s. anderson, who's no stranger to video game adaptations now, but he was to action back then. they do everything in masters, everything. they do a wide master. they do a medium master, they do a clothes master. and they say, children, paul, you know, like, maybe we can cut here and then do an insert there, so kind of save energy and say say, no, but it's spectacular to do, like one whole take home. it was influenced by hong kong action and toaded being one of the first wire food blockbusters over here in the states. but while the punches and the cheese delivered, did the story, i don't think so in the follow-up, the story and dialogue was just worse. too bad. you will die. the cgi transformations look like a scooby-doo sp graphics, and it was just so, so, so extra. that said, it did serve its purpose of being so bad that any future installments automatically were going to be better. it was so easy. so in this new one, we follow cole young, who's a brand new character made for the movie and is meant to appear in a future game. he's an mma champ who's pretty good at throwing punches and also receiving them. at least it wasn't this kick right here. now, in terms of new characters and a franchise that's full of dozens that you could pick from, he does come off a little bit still. but he's meant to be the chosen one who's going to unite all of earth's warriors. he doesn't realize that he's a descendant of hanzo, who was murdered by a rival clan centuries ago, as we saw in the intro of the movie. and so he's part of this majestic ninja bloodline lineage. i'm an orphan from the south side of chicago. the hell you are. that's why sub-zero starts going after him, along with everyone who has these matching video game marks on their body, because he's trying to take out all of earth's mightiest heroes and fighters. he's played by joe taslim, who, if you don't know, is an absolute legend. he's killed it in the raid, which i'm always praising. he did his thing in fast six and i highly recommend turning off this video, going over to netflix and experiencing him in the night comes for us. he's one of the best. so obviously he was going to be too much for this movie, which ended up being the case. joe was so fast they had to ask him to slow it down for the camera. jacks and sonia worked together and were part of special forces who discovered this special tournament on one of their tours, realizing that there's different realms out there who are all trying to take over earth. so they're trying to find all the other fighters before sub-zero does. jax is played by mikhail brooks, who took inspiration by legendary boxers like joe frazier for his punches. and he has some of the best lines, but he also has some of the worst whoopings. there's a shot where sub-zero freezes his arms and then just snaps them. it was fire cold. but luckily, he gets his revenge when he gets his robe arms. and he just straight juices reichel. later on, sonia doesn't have a marking like the rest of them, so she spends the entire movie figuring out a way to get them, realizing that if she takes down another warrior, she'll be able to get hers. who are you? it's kano. kano man. i don't know who that is. she makes a compromise with kano, who she had captured, so he can also continue spinning his one-liners throughout. but you know that that decision is gonna boomerang back to hurt them. they magically find liu kang in the desert, and he takes them to raiden, who's looking to gather the best warriors so shang tsung doesn't take over the entire human race, and so that wb can get more sequels. and they start training with kung lao in order to help unleash their powers. and they all just come off like gamers, just smashing buttons on the control the thing is, sometimes they're not even like connecting on the kicks. it seems they got kano k owing himself before he's even touched. i understand it was covered protocols, but y'all just can't social distance these kicks that said, everyone spams the sweeps so much that you just know that they were clearly going at it for the fans. and the sweep, the super cheap sweep that everybody hates, when it comes to the effects, whenever they were in motion, in the air, i thought they looked pretty decent. you know, there's even that bit where sub-zero gets a nice slashing, is it to create a blood circle blade? and that had me going, [Music]. but whenever they're trying to make eye contact, or contact in general, sometimes it looks a little goofy. when the blood's on the ground, i thought it looked a little off. and i'm not expecting it to be as fluid as what david fincher has done with his movies, but we got the budget of a franchise. maybe just a little bit better. you don't have to pull an anderson all the time, but maybe a couple less cuts and a couple more wides. that said, i do think that the cast was giving it the wrong regardless of how wonky the script was. and i licked the blood off the knife, so i did that first take, and then they called cut and were like, you know, you didn't have to do that, right? looty lynn also choreographed a lot of his own stunts for kang, considering his background in the arts. and he delivered so much that he even made his mama proud, better than his power ranger. oh, oh, this one, which one before at the ocean fight. one max huang is lao was also cool, since he trained with jackie chan. but his best kill came from that cg hat. i can't even show the clip right here because i'll get just completely demonetized, because it was so gruesome. it had my soul gasping more than his did in the movie, flawless victory. because this is a pre-tournament movie, shang tsung's whole goal is to take them all out so that they can even register for the fight. so kano turning on them was more obvious than the puns he tried to make. throughout they learned how to work as a team in order to avenge their fallen as they take shanks crew out one by one, eventually causing him to swish away. and that's when cole discovers his power, which is a mix of that wonder woman suit that just came out with the ability to boost itself through damage, like t'challa's. that's a it was cole's wife, who must have already been wearing armor, because not only did she take a hit from goro banner over here, but even survived being frozen below sub-zero. the best character, in my opinion, was hanzo, especially when he comes back from hell at scorpion. because i got two bandaras out of me. [Music], is it fully earned. but his intro was so badass, and they delivered on the fan service that i couldn't help but get lost in that final fight. he's a man of little words, but he still says a lot. i don't like the way english tastes on my tongue, honestly, though, if this was supposed to be the pre-movie, then it should have all been in japanese, in my opinion, and in that time period, to cover that side of the story, not just brush over it. that might have been damn near a combo price, since it would have truly fleshed out the story like they claimed they wanted to. it would have felt more like a cinematic universe full of characters, rather than what feels like a teaser for a franchise of installments to come. i want to see more of that bloodline of warriors explored. you're an established franchise, so you can take the time to explore these realms and not overstuff it with fighters, so that each of them get their shine. and if you're going to introduce a new character, give his family and him a little more personality so they don't come off as punching bags. overall, it is a decent intro to this franchise that they're trying to rebuild. and i truly think that they scored a good cast. they just need to spruce up the script a bit, flesh out these roles, keep it rated. r and wb, will get people to get over here. thank you guys for checking out this video. i'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comments section. i know the games have an extensive lore at this point, so there's a lot that they can pull from, and definitely a lot more that they could cover, uh. but i found it interesting that this one was produced by james juan, so i'm curious to see if he's gonna tackle a future one, or who you're curious to see for them to bring in and direct who you're curious to see as johnny cage. i personally believe that scott adkins has been working his entire life and he deserves a big role. it should go to him. i'm rooting for him to get it. but if they do go for someone who's like, a bigger name, which i don't really want him to but if if it is going to be someone who's prolific, i'd rather be keanu. i know that's someone that they've been throwing out there a lot. that'd be dope to see. but i'm curious to know your thoughts on there, what you thought about this movie. did you like it? did you not? did you prefer some of the other ones? which one's your favorite game? who's your go-to fighter? all that stuff down below in the comment section, and anything else that you want to see us cover. and until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, or you'll face a fatality. 