[Music]. recently, I dropped a video discussing the big twist in the crimes of Grindelwald. the huge reveal in the Harry Potter universe film has a lot of fans play as to whether it's illegitimate reveal, or if Grindelwald is simply manipulating characters around him to help his cause. throughout this video, I'll be discussing some of the best fan theories that I've read in the comments section on my previous video, as well as giving my full thoughts on the film's ending. there will be heavy spoilers. so if you haven't seen fantastic piece 2 yet, and I suggest you turn off now. with that out the way, welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. so firstly, I'll just recap my theory, which is that Grindelwald was lying and that Creedence is not a Dumbledore. this is backed up by the fact that Abernathy and Rozier move files from the Lestrange archives and have potentially modified them. this, to me, makes the most sense, and Grindelwald is more than capable of doing so. but what about the Phoenix that appeared to confirm that Grindelwald was telling the truth. well, youtuber Lisbeth Nelson, sorry if I mispronounced your name there. she says, there's a theory floating around about Ariana's obscurus living inside credence. and the more I think about it, the more it makes sense. we know you can separate the obscure ears from its host, and in that case, it should be possible for it to be transferred to someone else. it would explain why both Dumbledore and Grindelwald was so interested in credence, if poor ariana is living inside of him. it would also explain why Grindelwald didn't know who he was looking for. if he knew Creedence was a Dumbledore all along, he wouldn't dismiss him, but he did cuz he thought it was modesty he was looking for. metaphorically speaking, referring to Albus as credence, his brother, is not wrong in that case, because part of him is area Dumbledore. also, it would explain the Phoenix. it's showing itself for ariana, not Creedence. to me, this makes a lot of sense, as the Phoenix would have been able to sense the DNA and go to credence, which would have backed up Grindelwald. Sly Milani Prady Ana, sorry if I mispronounced your name, that backs up the theory that Grindelwald is lying. with an even bigger twist on credence, his bloodline. she states that, in my opinion, credence is one of Voldemort systems. that's why New Guinea sticks to Baltimore in the end. and maybe that explains why the guinea fell in love with credence, because he is a parcel mouth. so New Guinea can communicate with credence when she transforms as a snake. to me, this makes a hell of a lot of sense, and I definitely think ties in well with all of the things we know about credence so far. been right. I definitely got that one right. as a theory about credence being Arianna Sun which, while similar to Lizbeth, diverts down a darker path. he says, what if credence was Ariana's son from one of the men who abused her? this would explain how he could have ended up in the anti witch orphanage, and also explains his age and why the Phoenix came to him. it may also explain why he cannot control the obscurus. I'm pretty sure I'm pronouncing obscurus wrong. comment below if I'm reading that wrong. anyway, Dylan has one of the best theories I've ever seen that, once again, ties in with Ariana's bloodline. he says, this is a crazy theory. oh, you know what's going to be good. but I think there's a strange combination of Ariana's obscure yes, and the blood bond between aalverson grindelwald. credence is birthday of 1901 is certainly an estimate, and Arianna was killed in 1899. so Aldous and Grindelwald are all in love, and they can make the strongest magical bond possible by combining their blood. when Albus confronts them, a fight starts, and because Albus and Grindelwald cannot inflict damage on each other, it ricocheted off and decimated Ariana's body, but not the obscuri Asst without any of Ariana's physical body to latch on to, I think he latched on to and formed a literal lovechild between Albus and Grindelwald blood. that is why criminal wall always calls him at my son, Aurelius, is the magical ability of Arianna with the DNA of Dumbledore and Grindelwald. if a magical baby suddenly appeared from two men, there would certainly be reason to send him on a ship to America. and finally, Catherine Jewell says that I think credence / Aurelius is the son of Alice's and her Nuria, and his cousin, or the grandson of her, which means his mother drowned that night, and he will stay an orphan, at least till they found out who his father was. maybe it was also a child out of wedlock, and she had to flee and wanted to start a new life in America. that's my theory. it would make more sense in pulling out a new brother. so Grindelwald said a half-truth. /ur alias is from a Dumbledore bloodline, but not his brother. he just could have said that to turn him against Albers and to make sure that he fights him. also, Albus sends new out to fight against Grindelwald, I guess we'll see a fight between Aurelius / Creedence and Newt if you think about a Grindelwald and Albus are both as manipulative as hell. I can definitely agree with that last point, and it's nice that audiences can see how people would side with Grindelwald. there is one last theory flowing around, and that is that Creedence is, in fact, a walnut whip. because if there was the thing on the premiere, look, never mind. so what are your thoughts on the fan theory so far? do you agree with them? or do you have an even better one? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then make sure you like it and check out my original ending explain video on the crimes of Grindelwald. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 