it. chapter two is about to hit theaters, so if you need a refresher on everything that happened in the first it, we've got you covered. this is everything you need to remember for it. chapter two in four minutes or less it. chapter one opens in the town of Derry, Maine, with build in burrow crafting a paper boat for his younger brother, George II. when Georgie sails the boat outside along the rainy streets, it gets swept down into the sewers. when Georgie goes to investigate the sewer, he's confronted by the villainous clown penny wise, who bites off Georgie's arm and pulls him down into the sewers. a year later, bill is still traumatized over the disappearance of his little brother. he convinces his friends, ritchie, eddie and stan to help him look for georgie in a sewage runoff they've dubbed the barons. meanwhile, new kid bin is studying up on dairy and discovers that the town's history is filled with tragedies and missing children. when bin is chased by school bully Henry Bowers and his gang, he winds up near the Barrens where bill and his friends intervened to save him. also joining Bill's friend group, which has eventually dubbed the losers Club, are the similarly bullied Mike and orphan and Beverly, the victim of an abusive father. every member of the losers Club is terrorized by a manifestation of it who takes the form of their deepest fears. the group's bonds grow stronger throughout the film, while bill and Ben both develop romantic feelings toward Beverly. the losers Club eventually discover that it awakens every 27 years to feed on the children of Derry before returning to hibernation, primarily taking the form of Pennywise, the clown. the losers track it to an old, abandoned house to stop his reign over Derry, but they are terrorized and attacked by the murderous clown. Beverley manages to impale Pennywise, and the entire group narrowly escapes death. after this incident, the group begins to splinter as resentment begins to grow over the danger they've been placed in. weeks later, after confronting her abusive father, Beverley is abducted by Pennywise. the losers Club comes back together to save their friend and defeat Pennywise for good. they returned to the abandoned house where well leads down into the sewers. before they can confront it, the losers are attacked once more by Henry Bowers. Henry, who has been driven crazy by it and killed his own father, was now there to kill them. Mike manages to push Henry down the well where he falls to his apparent death. the losers descend into the sewers to discover its lair. the losers find Beverly, and Ben wakes her up with a kiss. the losers are then confronted by it, but they all work together in an effort to fight him. during the fight, it manifests as the losers various fears. but they eventually overcome and defeat them. the losers managed to defeat it, who retreats further into the sewers. bill then discovers the remnants of Georgie's raincoat and finally comes to terms with his brother's death, as his friends surround him with support. as the movie comes to an end, so - - summer for the losers Club. Bill and Beverly confessed their feelings for each other in kiss. the losers Club all swear a blood oath to return to Derry as adults, should it return. then go their separate ways. and that is where it, chapter 1 leaves us. what did you think of it chapter 1? what are some of your favorite moments from that film? and what are you most looking forward to in chapter 2? let me know in the comments below. if you liked this video and thought it was helpful, consider giving it a like and subscribing. thanks for watching, and I'll see you in the next one. 