after a year, most of earth's human population has been annihilated by blind creatures with hypersensitive hearing that attack anything that makes noise. they are covered in armor, which protects them from bullets and explosives. the avid family, wife evelyn, husband lee, deaf daughter regan and sons, marcus and beau, silently scavenge for supplies in a deserted town, going barefoot. while outdoors, the family communicates in american sign language. inside a store, four-year-old beau is drawn to a battery-powered space shuttle toy, but lee takes it away due to the noise it would make. regan returns the toy de beau, who also takes the batteries that his father removed from it. beau activates the toy when the family is crossing a bridge, alerting a nearby creature that kills him. over a year later, regan struggles with guilt over her brother's death. evelyn enters the final stages of pregnancy, and lee fruitlessly tries to make radio contact with the outside world. lee attempts to upgrade regan's cochlear implant with scavenged miniature amplifiers to restore her hearing, but the devices are ineffective. later, lee takes marcus to a nearby river with a large waterfall to teach him how to fish, while regan sneaks off to visit beau's memorial. lee tells marcus it is safe to talk when there are louder background sounds that mask their voices from the creatures. marcus says that regan blames herself for beau's death and needs her father to tell her he still loves her. alone at the house, evelyn goes into labor. while making her way to their basement, she accidentally steps on an exposed nail with her bare foot and drops a glass picture frame, alerting a nearby creature. evelyn flips a switch that changes the exterior house lights to red as a signal to the others, and struggles to remain silent during her contractions. arriving at the farm and seeing the lights, lee instructs marcus to set off fireworks as a diversion. lee finds evelyn hiding in the bathroom with their newborn son. they make their way to the improvised soundproof basement. lee leaves to find the other children. evelyn falls asleep, but awakens to discover the basement is flooded from a broken water pipe and that a creature is inside with her. regan and marcus take refuge atop a grain silo and light a fire to signal their father. a hatch door suddenly gives way, and marcus falls into the silo. the falling door distracts the creature that was stalking evelyn, and it instead targets marcus and regan. regan, who has jumped in after marcus, sinks into the corn and nearly suffocates, but marcus saves her. regan's cochlear implant reacts to the proximity of the creature by emitting a high frequency sound that repels it. the children escape the silo and find their father. the creature return, attacking and wounding lee. while marcus and regan hide in a pickup truck. marcus shouts, attracting the creature away from his father to the truck. lee signs to regan that he loves her and always has before yelling to draw the creature to him. the creature attacks and kills lee. regan and marcus roll the truck down a hill to escape and reunite with evelyn. and the baby at the farmhouse. the four retreat to the basement. when the creature returns regan, who realizes that the sound made by the implant distresses the creature, switches the device back on and places it on a nearby microphone, amplifying the feedback. painfully disoriented, the creature exposes the flesh beneath its armored head, allowing evelyn to fatally shoot it with a shotgun. the family views a cctv monitor showing two creatures, attracted by the noise of the shotgun blast, approaching the house. with their newly acquired knowledge of the creature's weakness, the members of the family arm themselves and prepare to fight back. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. 