welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul. and like a bad out of hell, the walking dead has returned with a set of six episodes before we head into the show's final season. the finale culminated with a negan-centric entry. i felt in a lot about his character and his urgent story. there's flashes of a christmas carol here, an actual carol here. and overall, it leads to one of the most introspective entries that the entire show has had so far. jeffrey d. morgan completely knocks it out of the park as he searches for his baseball bat. and the actor delivers a home run that easily elevates his character to being my favorite in the entire show. sorry, coral. now we're gonna be breaking it all down, but obviously there will be heavy spoilers here. if you enjoy the video, then please click the thumbs up button, and don't forget to subscribe for breakdowns like this each and every day. without the way, huge thank you for clicking this. now let's get into the walking dead. now we open with maggie walking with her and glenn's son, herschel. the pair sing you are my sunshine. which, in a cruel twist of fate, is what negan made call sing him earlier in the series. negan made him do this because it was a song that laura used to sing to him as a child. and we see this repeated here once more with a mother singing it with her son. like carl and rick, negan has had a large impact on the pair, because he, of course, killed glenn, who was both a husband and father to them. he was also alpha's second in command when the whisperers burned down hilltop. and there's clearly a lot of anger there on her behalf. maggie is, of course, still frustrated that negan has been allowed to live. and carol, overseeing this interaction, decides to take things into her own hands. she escorts negan out into the woods, namely to the hut that she and daryl, discovered, and tells him that the council recently voted to banish him. however, this is a lie, and as per usual, carol has simply stepped in and told negan this because she believes it will avoid further conflict down the line. carol, like negan, is someone who is very headstrong and can very much see the way things are going. and like him, she somewhat uses the attrix and deception as a means of control. though she's nowhere near as villainous as he was. it is nice how they reflect one another. and both have used lies in their leadership in order to shape things to be a certain way. now negan, of course, has a lot of skeletons in his closet, because, unlike carol, he led in a way that was best for him, rather than how she handles it, which is what's best for the group. negan is very much haunted by the idea of his past. and that night in the cabin, he's visited by the savior version of himself. this taunts him, saying that there was no way his past would ever be forgiven. and we cut to the character returning to where rick slit his throat. we also see a flashback of michonne, saying that they left lucille out at this location. and this very much speaks to negan's ego. he believed himself to be someone that was vastly important, a symbol of fear that ruled over a mighty kingdom. however, when this tyrant was brought down. not even the things that made him infamous were respected. and they were dumbed in the very spot where he, quote unquote died. after digging in the dirt, he comes across lucille once more. and this episode very much symbolizes him not only putting his past to rest, but also the memory of his wife, who we meet in this entry. negan has believed that if he just buries everything, then it will be forgotten. but he metaphorically and let riley must dig it up in order to become a new and better person. now we jump back in time to find him tied to a chair whilst being interrogated by members of a motorbike gang. negan was out on the road trying to get chemotherapy drugs for his wife, and they came across him and took him captive. turns out he's had his run-ins with them in the past, and he sent them off on a wild goose chase, which they now seek retribution for. they want medicine, and negan has to somewhat sell his soul in order to get back to his wife. from here, we get a further flashback and catch him meeting laura for the first time, who you may remember as a prominent member of the xavius. negan was trying to rob her and her father, franklin, but he's knocked down by the former using the bat that later becomes lucille. after revealing that his wife had cancer, negan also confirms that he was a high school gym teacher. we do a further flashback to six weeks before this, when negan was treating his wife. he's trying to give her as much normality as possible, but because of the almost endless swarms of the undead, she's unable to chill out and watch james bond movies. negan won't let her live and let die. thank you. and he constantly heads out to more and more dangerous situations to ensure that she gets to die another day. thank you. i'm here all week now because of this, the time that the pair spend apart becomes longer and longer. but negan sees it as being necessary due to the trips being the only thing that's keeping her alive. the moments that the pair spend together are really touching. and watching negan sing, you are so beautiful to me. as we get flashbacks of their lives, shows how much he really cares about her. it's during these moments that we see lucille kept a leather jacket that negan bought himself when he was jobless. his wife was anger that he bought himself a gift when they had spiraling credit card debts. and it also showed that he was very self-centered. throughout the entry, we discovered that before the apocalypse, negan actually had an affair. and this further cements how self-serving the character really was. lucille has forgiven him, because since the world went to crap, he's really shown her that he did love her more than anything. and it's clear that she was a good influence on him, as we know. in her death, he returned to being this self-centered person once more, but we'll discuss how the character comes full circle to how he was with lucille at the end of the video. now, unfortunately, the generator keeping the fridge going shuts down, and thus the chemotherapy medication is ruined. from here, we get a flashback within a flashback within a flashback within a flashback, and see negan, pre-apocalypse, telling kids to stop being [ __ ] on the internet. never change, negan. never change. now this fills in a lot of the blanks about his past, including the jacket story and also that he assaulted someone when he worked as a teacher. because of this, he lost his job. but lucille stuck by him, which is, of course, reflected in him sticking by here when everything around them ends. lucille is diagnosed with cancer the next day, which is also when she discovers his affair due to him lying about attending a parole meeting. after the cancer bombshell drops, he breaks things off to focus completely on his wife. and we do see that, when it comes down to it, negan will be loyal to those around him. cut up one level in the flashbacks, and we see that lucille just wants negan to stay and enjoy the time that they have together. however, negan wants more time with her, potentially due to his selfishness. and thus he goes out looking for doctors in hopes of gaining more medicine. now i did say potentially there, as it's what anyone would have done. but it does further confirm that negan always tries to get more than he should. and this always leads to a negative outcome. jump back to franklin and laura, who take pity on him, and the pair given medicine along with lucille. the phrase, what goes around comes around is said, and this becomes a very important message. cut to the bikers, and negan gives up the location of franklin and laura. negan could have saved them, but instead he abandons them to their fate and returns to his wife. as the saying goes, what goes around comes around. and this bad karma follows the character home, where he discovers that lucille has ended her own life and is now a zombie. this is heartbreaking for him. and because he was gone, it is possible that she thought that he'd run out on her. we don't know what her final thoughts were, but it's clear that she didn't want to live anymore. and negan has wasted the time that he could have had with his wife. negan burns her, get some barbed wire for the bat and takes the leather jacket to the haunting song, you are so beautiful by joe cocker. this scene gave me goosebumps as we watched him transform into the villain that we'd come to know and hate, all love, because i quite liked him. now, negan takes his first life with lucille as he returns to the bikers to kill them one by one like a bow of hell. so sorry, i've already done that joke. he rescues franklin and laura, but it's clear that he's a changed man. he recounts the time that he assaulted the man, which he lost his job over, and everything starts to make sense. negan and his wife were trying to listen to their favorite song, but some drunk at the bar refused to shut up, and thus he ended up taking his anger out on him. it really shows negan's dark aside. and with nothing in his life giving him a reason to be good anymore, he's realized that the only thing left to do is be as evil as he can. go to the present, and we see a walker slowly sneaking up on him, and he takes us out with the bat, which becomes the last stack that he ever does. with lucille. negan realizes that though he's still seen as a villain, he's not, and he has changed. he says goodbye to his wife, something that he's buried since she died. and the character burns lucille, promising that he will do her fighting for her going forward. negan returns to the community, but something is different about him, and he now wants to fight instead of being cast out. he's no longer expecting to be forgiven. and though he knows maggie will likely try and kill him, he's not ready to give up on the man he became. it's a thrilling ending, and once more shows that negan would rather face death than be cast out. once more showcasing that he's made a home and will fight for it no matter what. it's absolutely brilliant. and i can't wait to see the culmination of this arc for the final season. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode, so make sure you comment below and let me know. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize store on the 30th of april, in which we're giving away three copies of zack snyder's justice league in 4k. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of falcon in the winter soldier, which will be linked on screen right now. we went over the third episode and talked about all the easter eggs in it. so it's definitely worth watching if you want to know more. by the way, thank you for sticking through the video. i've been paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 