welcome to review recapped. today we will be showing you a chinese sci-fi thriller movie named the wandering earth. spoilers ahead. sit back and enjoy. the movie opens with a time showing early 22nd century. the sun goes through a rapidly deteriorating phrase. in 100 years, it will destroy the earth. in order to survive, human society goes through a drastic change. all the countries are merged to form the united earth government. they build ten 000 gigantic, heavy material fusion propulsion engines to slowly push the earth out of the original orbit. it takes 20 years to reach the jupiter, which, its massive gravity, should serve as the sling for the frozen earth to accelerate through. yet things go very wrong in that faithful day when earth is passing the jupiter. the protagonist, lou is a young machinist of heavy trucks. he smuggles some special instant, inflatable bubble capsules to the local thugs in exchange of special suits to go outside of the underground bunker. he brings his little sister along for her favor of stealing his grandpa's truck key after slipping through the thugs chasing they get into an elevator to the surface. outside, they are odd to see the huge structure called earth engine, which is only one of the ten thousand. they find the special truck their grandpa drives, and use the stolen key card to drive it. just when the joyride is almost over, they are caught and thrown into jail. their grandpa comes and tries to bribe the jail warden only gets thrown into the same cell as lou. meanwhile, on a space station called the navigator, their father, lupe, is getting ready to return to earth. it is shown that this is his last shift, and it's exactly the same day the earth is supposed to glide past the jupiter and accelerate to achieve the necessary speed of flying out of the solar system. suddenly, jupiter's gravity becomes irregular, and the earth has a huge tremor. many earth engine go offline, and the underground cities are crushed or drowned by lava. lou, his sister and the grandpa escaped the prison with a cellmate called tim. grandpa drive his heavy truck and narrowly escapes death. in the space station, the main computer ai called moss warns everyone that the space station will go into low energy mode and they should go back to their sleeping bay lupe. the father calls the grandpa and is surprised to learn that they are in a truck together. he directs the truck to the nearest bunker. after that, he goes to his quarter and prepare to hibernate. the truck is intercepted by a team of elite chinese soldiers. they need the truck to tow a precious cargo called lighter core, which can be used to ignite earth engines. the grandpa is not happy, but has to obey their order. the father calls again and requests the captain of the team to let them go into a bunker. for that the captain promises they will let everyone go, except the grandpa for his job of driving. after some time, the grandpa drives them to shanghai, where the huge trevor has torn open a long gap, showing the old city covered by ice. as the truck goes into the gap, the grandpa tell stories about his memories in the city. a scene shows thousands of people frozen solid in the ice, revealing the sister's origin. she is among the few survivors of that disaster. a second tremor hit in cliffs on both sides of the gap start collapsing. everyone has to abandon their vehicles to go into the tallest building of shanghai in the effort of escaping. the team loses a soldier, and the grandpa dies when the tall building collapses. lou blames his death on the captain and refuses to continue. the elite team carries the lighter core themselves in march toward the earth engine in hongzhou, while lou, his sister and tim go their way back toward their home in the space station. just after the hibernation program starts, lupe, the father, learns from moss that the grandpa's truck is missing. the ground has a new round of chaos, and the ai is preparing to leave earth behind. he struggles to break the circuits inside the bay and gets out from it. moss, the ai wakes up other members in his team, trying to rectify the situation, but the russian teammate, markharf, decides to help him. instead, they open a hatch closest to the control center and flies out into the vacuum to reach the control center. mark harf sacrifices himself and pushes lou toward a moving arm. lou gets hold of the exterior of the control center and gets in by overriding a hatch's control on the earth. lou the sun and his companions finds a crashed plane with a truck intact. inside that truck, they meet the sole survivor, a crazy genius lee, who told them that the jupiter's gravity is sucking earth's atmosphere to such a degree that the air is too thin to even fly the plane. that's the crash. he asked them to rescue a torque engine, bigger earth engine. and so easy in the equator, the truck is their last chance to turn back and go home. yet lou decides to rescue the earth engine in hongzhou. first, in the space station, lupe the father, gets into the computer room and tries to override moss. yet the ai informs him that it is merely carrying out orders authorized by the united earth government. the ship navigator contains all the necessary dna and materials to start the civilization in a distant planet. so even if the earth fell into jupiter, the human race will continue outside of hongzhou. the elite team finds out that the whole city is lost to the lava. the earth engine there is damaged beyond repairing. a teammate died from the bitter cold. they have a fight about whether to continue the mission. a female soldier shoots at the lighter core and breaks it. the captain almost kills her for it. just when they are all desperate, the truck, driven by lou shows up, and they now have a new mission. escort the other lighter core inside the truck to solo easy. when they finally almost reach solo, easy. some other teams has successfully repaired the engines before them. however, the reading shows that the earth is still heading toward jupiter. all the engines force combined, cannot make earth escape the gravity well of jupiter. in the space station, after moss explains to lieu that all the rescue missions are actually useless, it opens a channel to the earth and broadcast to everyone that they have only seven days until the earth gets torn apart. listening the bad news, the geniusly cries that they actually have only one day to live while the air of the earth being sucked by jupiter at that rate, watching the tremendous jupiter looming over his head. lou suddenly has an idea. earth's oxygen mixed with jupiter's hydrogen, can be ignited and generate a big boom. lee agrees with him, so he develops a new plan to rescue the earth. lou and tim drive the truck to deliver the lighter core. elite soldiers push a giant igniter pin. lee and another tech will go to the control room, and lou's sister and the female soldier will go to the communication room. the plan suffers major setbacks. the core is delivered, but machine is stuck. soldiers have too little manpower to push the pin. lee's program is uploaded, but freeze at 99 percent. blue sisters call for help, get no response. she suddenly realizes that she can make an emergency call to the space station and ask for lupe's help. lou received the call, but moss tells him that someone else already had this idea, and the successful chance is zero. but he still calls the eugene police for authorization. you wake only agrees to broadcast the sisters message to all remaining rescuers. lou's sister cries and beg for the hope to save earth. many rescuers return and help the soldiers pushing the giant pin. lou finally get the machine unstuck. then they drive the truck running away from the engine. everything is ready except the launch program. the tech is badly hurt by falling rocks, but he manages to put the right cable in the socket. the program finally get uploaded one hundred percent. the genius lee starts the program right after lou's truck barely makes it outside the torque engine shoot a straight red light toward the giant eye of the jupiter. but the power cannot reach the ignition area. it is short by five thousand kilometers. the father, lupe, remembers that the navigator has thirty thousand tons of fuel, which should generate a five thousand kilometers of flame if ignited. the ai moss tries to stop him, but fails. lou burns the computer and manually drives the space station toward the red light. before the space station is destroyed by the red light. the tulu have a final conversation. the father repeats that when you look at the jupiter, you will see me the sun. looks up at the huge red eye above and see his father's ship turns into a fireball. jupiter's atmosphere is burning. a gigantic impact wave is coming. people scramble to get into the underground bunker. lou find his sister with tim, but the elevator is broken. the geniusly advises them to hide under the torque engine, which they comply. but before they can reach the engine, the impact wave arrives and destroys the truck they are riding, throwing them out. tim holds on a pipe, but lou sees his sister dropping down, so he falls toward her in the air, he catches her and deploys an instant bubble capsule, which saves both of their lives. loose helmet is broken by the fall. the cold air is killing him. the last glimpse he catches tells him that the earth survives the ordeal. then he closes his eyes. in the end, we see that time jumps to three years later. earth goes on. lou becomes a junior driver. everyone respects him and smiles at him. thanks for watching. help us to grow by subscribing and turning on the notifications 