welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition, and he now locked into the channel where we break down all the latest movies, new game releases, TV shows and comic books. this episode will be going to a galaxy far, far away to talk about one of the Mandalorians most fascinating characters, korra june. throughout this video, i'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the character, including her backstory and the best fan theory on what could be going on with her. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the first four episodes of the Mandalorian and don't want to know what happens, then McConkey that that means this is the end for you and start never mind. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of Korra June. okay. so mondo and baby Yoda come across Korra June on the planet of Soren. man now notices her giving him those come to the dark side eyes, and he decides to follow her, using Batman's detective vision to track her down. Korra gets the drop on him and shows that she's more than a match for the character. this is a guy who's taken blaster bolts to the head, but one punch from the femme fatale knocks him down faster than the Emperor's approval rating. after order 66, thanks to the calming mood of baby Yoda, the two decide that talking it out is the best way to go. and we learn that Korra was a shock trooper that was part of the Rebel Alliance who was tasked with hunting down Imperial warlords. after the events of the Battle of Endor, Korra was so dedicated to the cause that she even got a Rebel Alliance symbol tattooed on her face. and know, this is a little hard to make out in the episode, in behind the scenes shots and the toys for the series, this is clearly visible. after the destruction of the Death Star to :. bigger is better, the galaxy became slightly destabilized, and this may have helped with the formation of the first order, which I'll get into in just a bit. when discussing her past, Korra says the following. so most of my action mopping up after end or mostly X Imperial warlords. they wanted it fast and quiet. they'd send us in on the drop ships, no support, just us. then when the MS were gone and the politics started, we will a peacekeeper, protecting delegates, suppressing riots. not what I signed up for. this lets us know that after most of the remnants of the empire were dead, that the alliance decided to become more politically organized. and this may have led to negative consequences. before Disney wiped the slate clean with the expanded universe, the New Republic was constantly built up and torn down all the way through the Canon, up until the events of Star Wars dark empire, in which it settled down and found stability. juxtaposing this, we know from the force awakens and sequel trilogy that in the new Canon, the Republic wasn't really that effective at all. and this is why the Empire, in some form or another, has risen once more. it's likely that the best soldiers of the rebellion ended up becoming bored with the way things were going. and due to this, they let their positions. thus lesser leaders were allowed to rule things their way, and they didn't quite have a grip on what was going on. we know that Luke ended up leaving and cutting himself off from the force. I know this may have massively been down to kylo Ren, I definitely think that the Republic could have also been instrumental in this decision. Leia herself is also clearly working outside of the Republic, and this may be due to the fact that she couldn't get on with the bureaucracy that was prevalent within it. with no more Jedi Knights and the leaders, soldiers and major parts of the army that made it what it is either ostracized or retired, it's easy to see how people became disenfranchised across the galaxy, and thus the first order was able to rise. once more, we have seen throughout the Star Wars saga that the government twists and changes are some of the big reasons for its collapse. and this is exemplified in the prequel trilogy, in which the Senate falls apart and is taken over by the Sith Lord Darth Sidious, due to how easily manipulated and corrupt it is. either way, cara saw this fall coming and decided to dive out of the conflict and move to so again, though she still clearly believes that the empire may be out there and keeps an eye out for bounty hunters at all times. actually found a lot of similarities between Cara's position and the real world Nazi hunters that existed after the Second World War. there were a lot of forces, namely Jewish ones, that made it their mission to track down surviving members of the Reich. and they'll magneto kinda played of this role in x-men first class. is actually a lot of interesting aspects of our own history that you should definitely check out if you want to see some similarities between Cara and real figures. anyway, after divulging most of her past at the mandalorian, she insists that they have to leave the planet, as she found at first. but it's not long until they are back on each other's paths, when Mandel hires her to help with the rescue of a fishing village on the planet. this shows that though Korra is out of combat when it comes to fighting evil, that she still operates as a mercenary from time to time. when scouting outside of the village, Korra and mono discovered the huge tract prints of an 80s Dee. and they later returned to the village, training the population to be ready for their counter-attack. after digging a trench, she and mando sneak into the Raiders base, destroying their favorite tent and leading the ATS Dee back to the village, which they then destroy. Korra is pretty much the MVP of the battle, rushing the huge, lurking machine and using herself as bait to draw it out so that mono can easily destroy it with a detonator. this forces the remaining clan Union Raiders to flee, and the villages settle, going back to their peaceful way of life. June suggested that mannose stay in the village in about a peaceful life, but he states that the attack will draw a lot of attention. though, he decides to leave baby Yoda there in order for it to have a normal childhood. however, on the outskirts of the settlement, Jun discovers a bounty hunter, which he kills before it can assassinate baby Oda. and as we know, we must protect baby Ola at all costs. this lets us know that bounty hunters will be constantly coming for the two characters no matter what and it kind of leads us into a fan theory on what could be happening down the line with Korra. okay, so we know that no matter where mondo and baby Oda hide, they will never be safe. it doesn't matter if they're on the metropolis of Corus aunt or a backwater planet likes organ, the hunters will keep coming for baby Yoda like a grandma constantly visiting the toy section in the run-up to Christmas, hoping that Disney have finally made the one thing that could make or break their grandchild holiday this. yeah, please just get them out in time. this pretty much means that no matter what, mando and Yoda are gonna have to tackle the problem head-on and take the fight back to the Empire. personally, I think that throughout the next couple of episodes that Manor will be building a network of mercenaries that he will eventually use to storm the client and those that have a bounty out on baby odors head. the synopsis for Episode five reads, the Mandalorian helps a rookie bounty hunter who is in over his and to me, this definitely adds a lot of weight to the fact that mando is going to be getting contacts together from people across the galaxy. by the time he's got enough for a whatsapp group, I can see him storming the headquarters of the client and the guild in order to stop them. but once and for all, we know that the Mandalorians are on Team baby ara, and that Cara definitely is too. and though she may have been trying to avoid as many fights as possible due to her retirement, I can just see the mention of an ex Imperial warlords such as the client being enough to draw her out. we know that lack of targets like this was a big reason for her retirement, so getting rid of one more will definitely be enough. enticer, in my opinion, mando will likely need as much help as he can get as well. as we know that there are a lot of bounty hunters after him and baby Oda, including I g11, who may be a little angry that mano shot him in the head at the end of the first episode. this isn't the case, and I can definitely see it being a nest egg for the show going forward. when promoting his film knives out, Rian Johnson accidentally let it slip that he had seen baby Oda on set a couple of weeks prior, and now we're all jealous of him getting to meet the little guy face to face. it also highlights that a second season of the Mandalorian is currently in development. the Mandalorian season Wan would have finished filming months and months ago. so the fact that he came face to face with their very recently unset does cement that things are going ahead with its next installment. I guess we will see what happens, but you can definitely count on mando and Korra's Pat's crossing again, as even the two characters believe that. so yeah, that's my theory. I have spoken. now we'll be Slee and love to hear your thoughts on Korra and what you think will happen with the character in the future. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video and think this is the way, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of baby Yoda, which would be linked at the end. we go over everything you need to know about the cutest critter in the galaxy and what could be going on with the Empire's plan for it. we also do weekly breakdowns of the Mandalorian, and we went through the series episode by episode to point out everything you missed, all the Easter eggs and where the plot could be going in the future. I'll leave that link at the end. and if you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on Twitter. definition YT will head over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be. it's free adjoining. we have an awesome community, so hopefully I see over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the marble phase 3, part 2 box on blu-ray, which contains Black Panther, infinity war and Game Captain Marvel them all. and all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Korra. tune in the comments section below. when it's gonna be chosen on the 15th of December, and the set will be shipped out from the n2. if I get surprised, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 