Story Recapped here. Today I'm going to explain a supernatural horror film called The Forest. Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take careSara Price, an American woman in her early thirties, has a nightmare about her twin sister, Jess, who lives in Japan, and is a teacher. She decides to go to Japan to know more about the disappearance of her twin after receiving a phone call from a Japanese police officer informing her that the school where Jess teaches filed a missing person report. Despite her fiance, Rob, assuring her that Jess is okay, Sara is sure that something is off, and her twin needs her. At a dinner with Rob's boss, Sara seems bothered by the news and is unfocused on the conversation while they dine. According to the police officer, Jess was last seen in the Aokigahara Forest, an infamous place where numerous people take their own lives. According to the officer, people who leave the path to go into the forest alone do not want to be found. Sara is in complete disbelief as she looks at their childhood picture with utter sadness. She dismisses the words of the officer and says that her sister is alive. Rob makes an effort to stop Sara from leaving by saying that the situation is a typical "Jess move." Sara arrives at the airport and tries to contact Jess, but she is sent to voicemail directly. She takes a cab to her accommodation and sees the vibrant city. While looking outside, she could not help but be worried about her twin. While looking at a building, an older man heavily taps the cab's window, which gives Sara a big fright. The older man laughs and runs away. She arrives at her hotel room; the cityscape amazes her, but it is not enough to put a smile on her face. That night, she walks around the city to stop by a restaurant and grab a meal. She ends up at a sushi place; the chef serves her a plate of raw seafood that is still moving. This puts her in a culture shock, so she decides to leave as other people in the restaurant make fun of her. Back in the room, she looks at old pictures and videos of Jess. She obviously misses her twin while reminiscing their moments through her laptop. Out of curiosity, she looks up to the Aokigahara Forest; disturbing images appear, so she puts her computer aside because she could not handle it. That night, she has a dream about being in a house. A voice calls her name, but no one seems to be around. She descends to the basement and sees a yellow tent with a child's shadow. She comes near it to unzip the tent. She sees the young Jess, but her face disfigures, and she lets out a disturbing shriek. Sara wakes up the following day and visits the school where Jess used to teach. She approaches her twin's classroom to take a look at her former students. Upon opening the door, the students instantly panic because they have no idea that Jess has a twin. At the principal's office, one of the students apologizes for being afraid of Sara earlier. Sara asks why she was scared. The student replies by saying that it was because she knows that Jess went into Aokigahara. The student adds that she thought Sara was a "yurei" or a ghost. The principal explains that the forest used to be a place where families would bring elderly women, the blind, or the sick and leave them to die. Sara asks why the school would take a class trip there. The principal says that Mount Fuji is one of the most important places in Japan, and Aokigahara is simply part of the mountain; thus, the school trips are made for historical learning purposes. The student interrupts by saying that spirits do not rest there; they come back angry. Sara takes a look at Jess's room. She sees a picture of them when they were young, and it instantly makes her recall their happy moments together. Sara holds back her tears while looking at her stuff. She spots antidepressants and maps of the forest as well. Sara rides a train to get to the forest in hopes to get answers. She recalls another flashback of her and Jess packing things for her big move. Sara arrives at the Aokigahara Station and walks through the road. She stumbles upon a small service centre in the woods. A receptionist welcomes her with a big and friendly smile. Sara gets to the point right away and asks the receptionist if she has seen Jess. She says that Jess is "here". Sara is confused and excited to hear that she has a lead on Jess. However, the receptionist brings her to the basement, which is far from Sara's expectations. She comes down slowly and gradually comes to terms with the fact that her twin is gone. The receptionist informs her that this is where they store the bodies they find in the forest. Someone guards the basement at all times, or else the spirits will scream all night. A funky smell welcomes Sara as she sees numerous bodies covered in sheets. Someone calls the receptionist upstairs, so she attends to it, making Sara alone in a room full of cold bodies. She hears a subtle sound and comes near a body. She reveals the sheet and sees a decaying corpse. This freaks her out, so she rushes upstairs to tell the lady that the body does not belong to her twin. She explains that her twin is not dead but is only lost in the forest. The receptionist repeatedly tells her not to leave the path as the forest is dangerous. While waiting for a ride outside, another worker at the service centre, Sakura, informs Sara that the cellular signal is not that strong up there. Sara asks Sakura to guide her into the forest, and in return, she will pay her. Sakura replies by saying that the forest is filled with "yurei", which can easily trick people who leave the path. According to her, when someone who has sadness in their heart gets lost in the forest, the "yurei" will use it against the person. These entities can make you see things and make you want to die. Sara is still unconvinced and does not show the slightest emotion of fear. She makes her way to her hotel on foot. The 