[Music]. anna suddenly woke up. it looked like something was wrong. while confused, she went to the bathroom to find out that she had a pee-pee. anna was sure she had a nightmare. but unexpectedly, she reached down and touched it with her hand. oh my god. anna didn't give up hope. she pulled out her pants. indeed, there was the thing. she felt like she was daydreaming. what the hell was going on? while anna was not yet fully recovered, her two children opened the door of the room. she immediately stopped the two, closed the door to keep them outside, and quickly looked for clothes to wear. but unfortunately, her old panties didn't fit anymore. reluctantly, she pulled out her husband's old underwear, she spread her legs wide open to bring her children to school. when she got on the bike to leave, oh god, it hurts. anna went home to find her best friend and told her the story about her pp at first, her friend did not believe it. when she saw anna took off her pants, she thought anna was joking. so she pulled the thing. anna screamed in pain. the two of them sneakily climbed onto the rooftop. anna's friend pulled out a cigarette and took a breath. her friend carefully observed anna's pp. that was special. her appearance and her genitals were not related. her friend was extremely excited. she asked anna if her pp could go hard. anna went crazy. she can't rely on her friend. anna went to the hospital to meet an obstetrician. anna took off her pants to prove the seriousness of the problem. after seeing the pp, the doctor poured out a full glass of water, then threw it straight on his face. the doctor returned to the clinic and began to solve the problem for anna. in fact, he was also very curious about this bizarre story. he asked the whole thing again. she let the doctor examine her body. then the doctor told her to go to the bathroom to see if the thing was going to work. but anna has no experience. the doctor began to guide anna, telling her to imagine a man wriggling in front of her. anna complied, but it did not react. again, the doctor told her to imagine a hot girl. it immediately reacted. after that, anna came up with countless scenarios. a pair of long legs with black lace socks, blonde hair, blue eyes, plump lips. while imagining anna has successfully nut the doctor had a headache. this transcended his professional range, as he was just an obstetrician. anna's story even transcended human evolution. anna depressed and returned home. now she had to manage herself. she drank a lot of alcohol and female hormone enhancement pills. she just thought that everything would be fine overnight. but unexpectedly, the next day, the floor was full of used toilet paper. anna stayed home for a few days and felt very claustrophobic. the situation did not improve, but worsened when she saw her best friend. anna could not help it. her best friend was alert to anna's unusual gaze and ran away. anna has not been to the company for a few days. under pressure from her boss, anna went to work. she hid in the office for one day. in the evening, she suddenly saw her colleagues clothes. an invisible energy source made her wear it. while she was happily going to the toilet, the female guard suddenly entered and was shocked by anna's pp so she passed out. so [Music]. so decided to let go of the concept of gender. she could hold her baby up and run while she went to the hospital. the doctor was amazed. her body was full of male hormones. she was full of energy, like a teenager with strong vitality. anna was very pleased with her current situation. not only did she get along well with the workers, but she also had a much more generous personality. she can also pee while standing up. this was a pleasure she had never had before. the evening, after work, anna dressed like a man, walked out onto the street. she observed and simulated the actions a guy did. being a man was also great. one day, while working, her colleague was busy on the phone. a tree fell in his direction, but he did not know anna jumped up and grabbed him. he wanted to say thanks, so he brought hannah some drinks at the bar. that night, anna drank a lot of alcohol. her colleague was seduced by anna. he was about to kiss her, but she pushed him out. she had a bit of a strange feeling towards him. while sleeping, the bell woke her up that day. her ex-husband was coming to pick her up. she frantically looked for pants to wear. she suddenly forgot that something was still there. she pulled the zipper up and felt a piercing pain. what the hell? she held the pain to open the door for her children. they asked why mom was crying. anna was muted. while anna was pulling the zipper in the toilet, she received a message from her colleague. he wanted to meet her. two people come to the restaurant. he confessed his feelings to her. at this point, anna felt it turned out that she also had feelings for this person. when they left, the two exchanged a passionate kiss. his hand touched her butt. anna suddenly awakened, said that the two of them were better to be just friends. her colleague refused to let go. he fell in love with her. after hearing the man's confession, she decided to run to the doctor and tell the doctor to cut the pp off her. the doctor told her it would not be that easy. this type of surgery takes a long time to prepare. a miserable anna returned home. only when she found true love. she wanted to return to being a woman. the doctor came to anna's house and told her, to love one person is to love all of that person. if the man really loves her. he would accept everything, including that. after being encouraged by her doctor and close friend, she turned to her colleague. she wanted to tell him everything. but when she was about to speak, suddenly there was lightning in the sky. anna suddenly felt she was back. she slowly undressed, appearing in front of her still a sexy female body. they exchanged intense kisses. the two loved each other honestly, and finally had a happy ending. a few months later, the female guard appeared at her house and brought a baby. say hello to daddy. anna fainted. 