[Applause]. [Music], hey everyone. welcome back to the channel. now i've seen so many people criticizing ben affleck's batman because he kills. now today i will be explaining why batman kills in batman v superman, and how he isn't the only batman who has killed. so for context, in the comics, batman doesn't kill or use guns to honor his parents death, when they were murdered by a criminal. if batman was to kill, he would think he is no better than the criminals he tries to stop. in batman v superman, we are introduced to a batman who's been around for 20 years. as we watch the film, we see a very cruel and murderous batman, where he becomes judge, jury and executioner. this is evidently a batman that we have not seen before in previous films. now at first glance, it would seem like this isn't batman, and that's supposed to be the case. this is meant to be a batman we do not recognize. this is a batman who has lost robin due to joker killing him. the whole film is meant to be about batman losing his way and becoming a villain himself. he became batman to stop criminals after the death of his parents. now he has become the criminal holding the gun. he accepts that he is a criminal and claims that he has always been a criminal. new rules, we're criminals, alfred, we've always been criminals. nothing's changed. alfred talks about how everything has changed and that batman has become cruel because he feels powerless due to superman's arrival. so we know that batman has only been this cruel for the past couple of years, since superman made himself known. the point i'm trying to make is that batman kills in this film for a reason. it's a part of his character arc. when we first meet him, he is a cruel, murderous batman who has become a villain. the only person who makes him snap out of that murderous rage and starts the road of redemption is the person who he's been trying to kill, superman with his dying breath. superman asks bruce to save martha. and no, it's not because they have the same name. it's the parallel between those two moments in bruce's life. batman is now holding the gun that killed his parents. he realizes that he has become the criminal who killed his mother. and with superman's dying breath, he asks for his killer to save his mother, something bruce was never able to do. that is why batman doesn't kill superman, not because their mothers have the same name, but because he realizes that he has become, in a way, his mother's killer. we see halfway through the film that the criminal batman branded who got killed in prison, had a wife and son. he is now dead because of batman. superman makes bruce realize all his wrongs. and in that moment, bruce decides that he has to change. that doesn't mean an instant change, though. it takes time to change how you act. it's not like a light switch that you can just turn off. the argument that this is a terrible version of batman because he kills and batman in the comics has the no kill rule, is incorrect, or at least by that logic. if we were to use that logic that a batman that neglects the no kill rule is not batman or a terrible version, then christopher nolan's batman is a terrible version of batman. and so is keaton's batman by that logic. that is, i still think they are great. batfleck is the only batman to use him killing as the plot of the film. they don't hide from it. they embrace his flaws to tell, in my opinion, a great story. the other criticism is the fact that batman uses guns in the film, which is another thing that batman doesn't use in the comics. that is a part of his criminal behavior and acts as another indication that he has become his mother's killer. he is now the gun who killed his mother. superman's sacrifice inspired bruce to be better. superman was criticized and ridiculed for every single thing he did. batman tried to kill him. the government fired a nuclear missile at him. but he didn't give up on earth. he sacrificed himself for a world that made him feel so much pain. batman gave up on the people of earth and became as bad as the criminals he was trying to stop. when he saw what superman did, it inspired him to be better. he states this at the end of the film, man is still good. we fight, we kill, we betray one another. but we can rebuild. we can do better. we will. we have to. then in zack snyder's justice league, he brings the league together and brings superman back to life. then in the justice league sequels, he was going to fully redeem himself. but i won't go into those too much. this has to be the most misunderstood batman ever, in my opinion, and gets unwarranted criticism. i think you have to accept that this isn't a batman pulled straight from the comics, and instead an adaptation and a what if story. what if batman became a villain? just because it's different to the comics doesn't mean it's bad. it's just a unique and refreshing take to the character that fits the universe snyder was trying to create. so that is why batman kills in batman v superman, because the story is supposed to show what batman would be like if he had become a villain himself, and how he can still be pulled from the dark. but that is all for today's video. thank you so much for watching. please make sure to like and subscribe and turn on post notifications so you never miss a video. i hope to see you here again soon. so until then, have a great day. bye. [Music]. 