hello and welcome to movies in 5 minutes or less. this is a recap of the 2021 horror film escape room 2, tournament of champions, starring taylor russell. warning, spoilers ahead. after escaping the minus corporation's soul survivor escape rooms, zoe davis and ben miller decide to confront the shadowy organization after tracking down its headquarters in new york city. zoe's therapist encourages her to move on from her trauma and overcome her fear of flying, but she prefers to drive with ban instead of flying. the two come across the headquarters in a state of disarray and are approached by a vagrant who steals zoe's necklace. she and ben pursue him all the way to the q subway train. their train car splits from the rest of the train and heads to a remote station, trapping zoe, ben and other passengers, rachel, brianna, nathan and theo inside the train electrifies. as the passengers realize they are once again trapped in minus, deadly game. zoe and ben discover that the others have won previous escape rooms by surviving them as the electrification level rises, the group must collect subway tokens in order to escape. theo is killed, but the others managed to flee. nathan reveals that his escape room group was made up entirely of priests, briana's was made up entirely of influencers, and rachel's was made up entirely of people who are unable to feel physical pain. a bank with a slowly closing vault and a lethal laser security system is the next room. the group deciphers the convoluted route to avoid the lasers and makes it out with seconds to spare. throughout the room, zoe is perplexed by frequent references to someone named sonia, as well as the fact that, unlike before, the escape rooms have no apparent connection to the group. the next room features a beach scene reminiscent of a postcard, as well as more references to sonia. the beach is covered in quicksand they discover nathan gives up his life to save rachel and is suffocated by the sand. just as brianna unlocks the intended exit, zoe discovers a different way out. rachel and ben side with zoe in a debate over which route to take. brianna makes her way out the main door, while rachel and ben take the alternative route. ben sinks into the quicksand zoe and rachel make their way back into the city through a manhole. they're overjoyed to be outside at first, but they quickly realize they're still in the game when they come across a panicked brianna. if they don't make it out of this room, acid rain is sprayed on them on a regular basis. the group attempts to flee in a taxi, but once zoe gets inside, the taxi locks rachel and brianna out. rachel and brianna die as a result of the rain, while zoe falls into the next room. the next room is a child's room, which contains a diary from sonia, which reveals that the rooms are inspired by a fun day out she had with her mother. amanda harper, who survived her fall in her first escape room and was forced to design escape rooms for minus after they kidnapped her daughter, is revealed to be sonya's mother. amanda begged zoe to become the next puzzle maker for minus, threatening that she won't be able to refuse. ben is discovered to be imprisoned in a cage. ben's cage begins to fill with water when zoe refuses minus demand. but zoe and amanda work together to free him. they are able to break free and flee the facility. the bodies of rachel, brianna, nathan and theo are recovered by the police, and the news about minus is made public. zoe is assured by an fbi agent that modis will be apprehended. thanks for watching movies in five minutes or less. don't forget to subscribe to our channel. till next time, 