listen, I got this movie back at TIFF where it was getting a mad amount of buzz. to be straight with you, I had seen those trailers and I thought they were the corniest thing in the world. if there was a formula to get nominated for an Oscar, they pretty much got every writer who could give them that, they put them together in one room so they could come out with this product of a movie. and for some reason, every audience is freaking loved it, to the point that it even won the award while I was at TIFF. and I'm still here wondering, yo, in 2018, are we still falling for Oscar bait? cuz I freaking love this movie. let me explain. so that's what we really does. hit every cliche possible. it's corny, it's cheesy. it has those moments where people are talking like it's 2018. but you know, just like entertainment in medieval times, it's all about the execution. the movies based off of a true story that's written by Tony's son, who was a chauffeur to Don in the south, where he was guiding him to go to the only places that he could, as seen through this green book. well, I know that some people will scoff at a movie that, you know, kind of says that tensions can be fixed by just going on a road trip. I mean, it's a, that's not what the movies saying at all. see, I just saw, this is a buddy movie, and that's where it surprised me the most, where these guys go on a road trip, and one of them is the definition of elegance, while the other one is a complete and utter buffoon. but white bring my balls. and I loved Viggo in this movie. I'm not even saying this as a disc because this studio is freaking hilarious, and that's probably because one of the brothers who directed this movie was one of the guys who made Dumb and Dumber. you have a very narrow assessment of me, Tony. yeah, all right. good boy. I know that there's some controversy when it comes to Don's estate, and I'm saying that the movie doesn't fully represent him. I'll kind of agree with that. I'll be 100%. because while he may be the best person in this movie, there still seems to be some points where they don't fully give him all of the credit that he deserves. but y'all already know more Herschel Ali's got it. if there's one person who can take pride in his culture, but also set straight all those race-baiting bloggers, it's this dude. you are the first actor to win an Oscar. this says a lot at this particular time in our history. could you speak to that, please? well, regardless of one's theology, or however you see life or relate to worshiping God, as an artist, my job was the same and is to tell the truth and then try to connect with these characters and these people as honestly and as deeply as possible. and so one spiritual practice, Adam, I don't necessarily feel like it's it's relevant, and unless it gives you an a way into having more empathy for these people that you have to advocate for. so, but I'm, I'm proud to to own that. see, at one point I just thought he was playing himself, because Marsala is the definition of elegance. he's got a better posture than plank from Ed Edd and Eddy. he's never losing his temper. man's eating chicken like he's playing the flu. and leave it to hourly to be able to deliver the most manufacture scene of the year, right where he literally just comes out of a car because he knows this is gonna be the bit that they play for his nomination at the Oscars. he literally asked for them to pull over just so he can give his speech in the rain. and as soon as he's done with it, he just goes back into the car, knowing that he could have said it inside the whole time. but then where's the fun in that? obviously, not all of it happened the way that the movie portrays. but to me, the difference between a film like this and Bohemian Rhapsody, two movies that I personally did enjoy, it's just how they flesh out the characters. you know, the fact that this movie just focuses on the trip, it makes those two hours go by super quick. the fact that my herschel Ollie's character is barely like a quarter of what they could have done with them, yet that's still able to be super compelling is really cool. and the fact that tony is such a complete and utter buffoon, it makes you laugh at everything this guy says. not to mention this movie has Linda Cardellini, who ya'know, is a freak and a geek like I would personally watch anything with her in it, right? she's the only redeeming factor when it comes to Hawkeye. sorry, self. I saw two seasons of bloodline just because of her. and even with that new movie, like, I don't know, that's coming out, you know, I had a bunch of people on Twitter asking me and tweeting me about the whitewashing in that trailer, which I was astonished to hear. so I broke my rule of not watching trailers when since all this when in well, you know, maybe we should just wait for the movie to judge. you know, guys, what I'm getting at is that a movie can be Oscar bait and still be enjoyable. you know, this movie is the definition of an audience pleaser. and while Twitter sees it as a bad thing, I don't think there's anything wrong with them. I'm not saying it's the best movie of the year. I'm not saying that it's kind of beat out everything else when it's at the Oscars. but what I'm saying is that this movie earns its charm. it has great performances from Viggo, who literally gained 20 pounds for the role Hershel alley, you already know, is one of the greats, and, like I mentioned, as Linda Cardellini. so if there was one movie that I would recommend for you to see this winter, its widows shadow to all the peeps on Twitter who are always tweeting out our videos. and again, I'm not saying this is one of the best movies of the year. there were some scuffles happening because this movie was getting all the awards, is what he's doing, crazy on Ron's mail. but I'm telling you, after seeing that trailer and thinking that it was supposed to be extra corny, it's still corny, but I enjoyed this movie a lot more than I thought. this is definitely the definition of an audience pleaser. I think it's enjoyable. I can't see anyone coming out of it hating it. but I can definitely see this being that one movie that gains a little too much traction at the Oscars and maybe wins an award or two, and then people, oh, really want to hate it because of that. but that's just my opinion on it. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below. what's the other big movie that you're looking forward to seeing. let me know down below in the comment section what your favorite Linda movie is out there. and don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you the original recipe. 