cinema synopses. spoiler alert. in the small town of spurbury, vermont, v vermont state highway troopers spend their days messing with the people they pull over. you smell some rabbit fear and hazing rabbit. their newest recruit. come on, thorny, you're losing to the rookie. Oh. while they spend most of their time being lazy and pulling pranks, they are faced with a dilemma when the state decides to cut their funding, which would result in them losing their jobs. and we keep up these low numbers, we're gonna get the big, ugly axe. an opportunity arises for the state troopers to prove themselves worthy to the state when a murder in their jurisdiction is found to be connected with a major drug smuggling ring. they have that red giant chimpo sticker on them. if they can take the drug smuggling ring down, they could potentially save their jobs. we need as much police as we can get. the state troopers is efforts to track down the drug smuggling ring is constantly challenged by their rivals, the spurbury police department. on a few occasions, the state troopers get into a fistfight with the local police, which increases the chance that they will lose their jobs, and get into a battle royale with the locals at a crime scene. - the troopers is dismay. the local police find a way to take credit for the confiscation of smuggled drugs that the troopers themselves had discovered first. the troopers decide that they have been defeated and accept that their jobs are as good as gone. huh? I applied for a guard job at the post office. however, they then accidentally discover while on a drunken rampage, that the local police are actually accomplices to you and mules for the drug smuggling ring running protection for of this primetime crash. the troopers decide to group up and take the local police and the drug smuggling ring down once and for all. close your station. he did not see that coming. despite their great victories, the troopers ultimately lose their jobs. in the end, we see them seemingly having taken up a new career as beer delivery workers. however, it is revealed that they have replaced the original local police squad and are continuing their shenanigans, as always. [Music]. [Applause]. keep watching for some fun Easter eggs and trivia from Super Troopers. the scene where ramathorn is typing on the computer and saying repeatedly is an homage to Harrison Ford in Blade Runner. looking for clues in a photo. in the syrup chugging scene in the diner, the first few takes were done with the actors drinking thick iced tea from syrup containers. but the iced tea didn't look realistic enough. real syrup was brought in, and the actors then did several takes in which they actually chugged entire bottles of syrup. these are the takes you see in the close-ups. however, some wide shots with the iced tea were kept in. Jim Gaffigan plays the motorists named Larry Johnson during the cat game scene. in 2009, Jim Gaffigan was on Law &amp; Order as a murder suspect named Larry Johnson. [Music], you 