mother of god. [Music]. welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will explain a comedy drama film about a husband afraid of his wife. norbert is a middle-aged man trapped in a romantic relationship with respusha, a cruel and creepy obese woman. meanwhile, secretly, norbert is still in love with his childhood friend, kate. can orbit get out of his misery of living with respusha and unite with kate? let's find out together in orbit. norbert's story begins when someone throws a pile of objects in front of golden wanton, a restaurant an orphanage on the edge of town. the following day, mr wong, the orphanage owner, found that it was a black baby boy. although he thought the baby was the ugliest baby in the world, mr wong still took it and took care of it. that baby is norbit lil. norbert lived happily with the other orphans in the orphanage. meanwhile, mr wong is an old man who always wished he could sail and catch whales. that's why he likes to play throwing spears at the imitation whale, behind which the orphanage children are holding mr wong may have a psychopathic soul. at the orphanage, norbert has a very close friend named kate. norbert and kate play together every day. they even like to poop together. one day, the two had a fake wedding under a tree by exchanging candy rings. norbert had never felt his life more beautiful than that day. but norbert's happy days had to end when kate was adopted and taken away from the orphanage for the first time. norbert felt sad again at the loss of his only and dearest friend. since then, norbert has had no friends and makes himself constantly bullied by other kids. one day, a black girl who had a fat body came and saved him. the girl's name was respusha. rispusha is a girl who is fierce and feared. when she announced that norbert was her girlfriend, no one else dared to bully norbit. rispusha has three older brothers named jack, blue and earl, who are also very rude and scary. the lottimores were known to be the most feared thugs in town. her brothers like to blackmail people. as an adult, norbert worked as a bookkeeping admin at the lottie moore business, until finally norbit was trapped and had to marry her fuchsia. the marriage looks terrible because only respecial looks happy, while it's the beginning of a nightmare for an orbit. jack even repeatedly threatened if norbit hurt rispusha, then he would be killed by her brothers. after returning from her wedding, rispusha behaved like a typical bride, but who could lift such a big woman? not only that, the next night seemed like a nightmare for norbert. he had to serve respusha, who seemed so full of passion. raspuccia is also known to be terrible to her neighbors. when she saw her neighbor's dog passing by her yard, rasputia immediately got angry and threatened to shoot the dog. rispusha's large body made it difficult for her to enter their small car. her boobs even touched the car horn. meanwhile, porn orbit is the victim of respecia's curse. every day. the story shifts to a wanton restaurant owned by norbit's adoptive father. there rispush's three brothers were negotiating to buy the restaurant. they want to turn it into a brothel, but mr wong wouldn't take it for granted and threatened to throw spears at them. the lottie moore brothers ran away. rispusha spends her time having fun, one of which is by participating in gymnastics with buster. rispuccio often teases buster and asks for a private class with him one afternoon. norbit buying bbq me to the shop, met pope, sweet jesus and lord have mercy, two men who were always dressed neatly. these two men used to work as pimps, but have converted and opened many businesses. after buying food, norbit decided to go home early, and how shocked he was when he found respusha and buster alone in their room. raspuccia, who was clearly having an affair with the buster in their room, was even more fierce when confronted by norbit. that's when the angry norbit immediately called rosbucia a prostitute. sure enough, his words immediately woke up king kong, who immediately jazzed after him. after a chase scene that caused a ride in the streets, norbert finally managed to escape disappointed, he took off his wedding ring and threw it in the trash. that night, in orbit, decided to go to mr wong's orphanage and put on a puppet show to entertain the orphans. unexpectedly, norbit, a beautiful woman enters, and it turns out to be kate, his childhood friend. norbit was so happy to finally see kate again. kate told him that she had just sold her clothing business in atlanta and intended to buy mr wong's orphanage to care for orphans there. kate finally invited norbert to lunch together on tuesday, and it became one of the most beautiful invitations in norbert's life. every day norbert always waits for tuesday, even he doesn't care anymore when buster comes and teaches fuchsia mattress gymnastics. the tuesday, he had been waiting for a ride. when entering the restaurant, norbert did not expect that kate brought her fiance, dean. norbit, who saw kate and dean's affection, was so sad and disappointed. the following days, norbert lived in disappointment and had to suffer serving respiration's root attitude. at that time, respiration intentionally hit their neighbor's dog. the incident made norbert realize that his wife was a monster. finally, norbert decided to run away from home. rispusha tried to threaten orbit, but he didn't care. until respusha said she was currently pregnant. they took norbit by surprise and kept him from leaving, even though it was just her species gibberish. one weekend, there was a carnival in the city. kate and her fiance were there. and it was apparent d and didn't like children at all. that's what made him ask kate to consider buying mr wong's orphanage. dean got a call and he immediately avoided kate. at that time, norbert overheard him busy calling someone. norbert then met kate, who then told her that, in fact, he was married, and his wife also came to the carnival. that was the first time rasputia met kate. and as usual, respusha was very rude to kate. when kate left, respusha immediately accused norbert of having an affair. when raspucia said that she wasn't actually pregnant, and orbit was so disappointed to hear that he left an anger for being lied to. kate then met the three lottie moore brothers and said that she needed the renovation services of mr wong's orphanage. the three latimore brothers were so surprised to hear that, because they tried to buy it, but mr wong sold it to kate. norbert, who was asked by rosbucia to get her some wine, was invited by kate to dance. when rosbucia saw her husband and kate having fun dancing, a blaze of anger ignited within her. with one big speaker tossed at him, norbed immediately fell unconscious. norbit then had to be taken to the hospital. kate comes to visit her and asks norbert to be her partner in developing the orphanage, because kate knows norbert loves children. kate also invited norbert to go with her to take the orphans to the swimming pool. the three lottie moore brothers who came to dean were told that he was going to run away from kate because he didn't want to take care of the orphans. the three lady moore brothers had the idea that dean would soon marry kate, so that the orphanage would be his too. later, dean could become their business partner and develop a brothel. dean then begins to seduce kate to marry him on saturday. of course, kate agreed. meanwhile, norbert has plans of his own. silently, he sent letters, letters that will expose someone's lies. swimming day arrived, and norbit came with respusha, who was wearing a minimal pink swimming suit. rasputia, who was very big, had a hard time getting into the park, until she broke the swimming pool gate. it was at the pool that kate said she was getting married this saturday. her words really shocked norbit and broke his heart. there is a slide that is so high in the pool, and kate is happy to try it. but when rescue realizes that norbert is amazed, when she sees kate's lighting, she doesn't want to lose rasputia decided to go sliding, which was the worst idea ever. and sure enough, rispusha shot up like a rocket and destroyed the swimming pool's parapet. raspuccia even landed in the children's pool and drained all the water there. the next day arrives, and norbert gets a call from kate asking him to meet her in the middle of town. it turns out that kate has a gift for him, a bicycle. kate then taught an orbit to ride a bike. day by day, norbit and kate often met more and often practiced bicycles and even picnics together. the two of them grew closer and closer. after practicing cycling, kate asked norbert to accompany her to find catering for her wedding, and norbit agreed. meanwhile, dean, who met the three lady moore brothers, was told the alcohol distribution license would not be approved if ownership changed. so they need kate's signature on a letter. finally, dean realized that they could use norbit. the afternoon before norbert met kate, the three lottie moore brothers asked norbit to give kate the letter to sign. norbit, who was too excited to meet kate, didn't realize that it was all a trap. norbit was so nervous about meeting kate, but pope, sweet jesus and lord have mercy, thought that the meeting was a date invitation from kate. then the two start dressing orbit to make him shine in front of kate. dress dapper like pope. sweet jesus and lord have mercy. nor but then buys a bouquet of flowers and is ready to meet kate. norbert and kate then meet at a restaurant owned by giovanni. after chatting and drinking a lot, norbert finally admitted that his marriage to respucia was a big mistake. norbit, who was engrossed in talking, then gave kate a letter from the three lottie moore brothers because she trusts norbit. kate signed the letter. respusha, who was told that norbit was dating kate, was furious and immediately became jealous. she decided to confront the two. meanwhile, at a church, norbert and kate are checking preparations for the wedding. the priest there asked if kate already knew what to say of the blessing, but kate was still confused. norbert decides to help kate and pretends to be a dean so she can practice. surprisingly, norbit actually confessed his feelings to kate, and the two of them unknowingly kissed. respusha saw their kissing causing an accident. thanks to her enormous boobs, she was okay and survived the accident. overwhelmed by anger, respusha immediately took iron and searched for norbert's whereabouts. luckily, both norbert and kate had left the church. norbert tried to apologize to kate for kissing her, but kate's words were beyond expectation. kate subconsciously wanted to kiss norbert too. so do they both have the same feeling? norbit, who was so happy to hear kate's words, came home. he was then stopped by the three lottie moore brothers, who asked for a letter signed by kate, they warned that norbert's life will not be long. while leaving, sure enough, respusha was waiting for an orbit in the house, and norbert was beaten and thrown out of the house. respiration then threatens, if norbert meets kate again, she will make kate's life miserable by ruining her face. norbert is then locked up by respusha in the basement of their house and forced to clean up. then kate came because she was told by dean that she had just signed an alcohol license renewal. norbit, who saw kate coming, was so afraid respusha would ruin her face, so he tried to push kate away. because kate didn't go either, norbert had to say he didn't care about kate at all. kate, who was hurt by norbert's words, left crying and asked norbit not to talk to her again. norbit, who could not stand to live with respusha, decided to run away. that night. when he was about to leave, he met mr wong, who gave him support to face all his problems. mr wong also said that the post arrived late on friday, so norbit, who checked his mailbox, did not expect to receive a reply from the letter he had sent a few days ago. norba tried to tell kate some information, but kate, who was already disappointed with him, wouldn't pick up norbert's phone. that's when the three lattimore brothers came and said they would turn the orphanage into a strip club similar to cinderella. norbert is locked in the basement of his house until dean and kate's wedding is over. kate and dean's wedding day arrived. kate didn't really want to marry dean, but she couldn't back down anymore. meanwhile, norbert, who was confined in the basement of his house, finally decided to call some people before he managed to escape by outwitting earl by riding a bicycle. he finally went to church. mr wong, who realized that norbert was heading to the church, asked pope, sweet, jesus and lord have mercy to buy time. pope's weak. jesus and lord have mercy. clearly know how to ruin someone else's marriage. the two then started talking nonsense and buying time for an orbit to arrive at the church. norbit, who was on his way to church, was intercepted by respusha and her brothers. luckily, norbit was able to separate himself, even though he was thrown into a pond. when the wedding was about to be held. again, norbert arrived in front of everyone in the church. norbert said that he loved kate, which immediately angered respusha. so for the first time, norbert decided to stand up for himself. norbert said that he loved kate very much, and his life was a mess because he chose to live with respusha. norbert confirmed that he was no longer respicious slave. norbert also said that dean was a con man who wanted kate's money by marrying her. besides, for the past six years, dean has married four other women and left them all. moreover, dean conspired with fizzy lady more to get the orphanage. when asked to prove norbit showed dean's marriage certificate. but unfortunately, the letter was wet and could not be read. it made no one believe him when it was in the corner and kate, who no longer believed in him. norbit said he had called dean's wives to come. sure enough, when the side door of the church opened, his wife and children came and started to beat dean. but the lottimore brothers had run out of patience and begin to beat norbit. the frightened orbit ran out of the church, but was caught by jack. the people of the town had run out of patience at having been blackmailed by the lottie moore brothers. the people started to get bold and immediately teamed up to beat the lottie moore brothers, but no one could stand against respusha because she was so big, until mr wong emerged from the church armed with a spear to catch whales. mr wong could finally fulfill his wish to catch a whale with one throw. mr wong's spear hit refuses ass which made her run away so fast, all the townspeople then chased the lottimore brothers and drove them out of the town. kate ran to orbit and apologized for doubting him. they kissed and took them both to their wedding ceremony, to be precise, under the tree beside the orphanage, the place where the two had pretended to be married when they were little. the scene then continues to mexico city, where the lottie moore brothers are now working in a club and serving customers there. rispusha worked as a large strip to stancer. you 