aliens. so sir reginald hargreaves is one of the most fascinating characters in comic book history. little is known about the man who goes by the moniker the monocle. but throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down everything that we've managed together about the mysterious figure. this includes his origins, history and our theories on where things could be going in the future. obviously, there's gonna be heavy spoilers here, so if you haven't had a chance to check out the second season yet, then i highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host. definition now let's get into our breakdown of sir reginald hargreaves. okay, so on the surface, hargreaves seemed like an eccentric billionaire that specialized in a number of things. the character was a famous scientist, inventor, nobel prize-winning olympic gold medalist that was also an expert in the advancement of chimpanzees. get you a man that can do everything. now, hargreaves are master fortune by purchasing a business that specialized in producing umbrellas all the way back in 1928. and this funded his endeavors over the years. reginald was a philanthropist that wished to save the world. and he did this by adopting seven children, all blessed with superpowers. the character trained them at his home, eventually forming the umbrella academy. and together they stopped several supervillains around the planet. hog reeves was incredibly cruel to them, and instead of giving them names, he gave them numbers. these numbers were assigned to them in order of how powerful they were. however, as time went on, it actually became more and more clear that this was actually their level of obedience to him. if anything, the power order was the opposite, with number one, aka luther, being the least powerful and number seven, aka vonye, being the most. they were met with worldwide acclaim. but over the years, they slowly started to turn against him due to the cruelty that he carried when caring for them. and because of this, he seemingly died alone. however, things go far deeper with the character. and throughout the show and comic book series, we learn that hargreaves is actually an alien. now very little is told to us in the show about where the character comes from or what drove him to our planet. in the comics, the information is just as ambiguous. however, we do know that his home was devastated by nuclear war. in the 10th episode of season 1, we catch a brief glimpse of the character on his homeworld as he says farewell to his dying lover. it's clear that he wants to stay, but she realizes that the world needs him. and thus he departs, taking her white violin with him. this is a gift that he would later give devonia. and though there's little told to us in this moment, i think it carries a lot of weight with it. hargreaves was clearly shocked to the core by the war that had torn his homeworld apart. and i believe that he vowed to not allow this fate to befall another planet. thus, he traveled to oz and began to mold history in a way that would avert the apocalypse and save us from ourselves. hargreaves travelled across the vastness of space with his body god abhijat, on board his private vessel, the minerva. now the name of this actually comes from the roman goddess minerva, who is known for her wisdom and sponsoring of the arts. this is, of course, something that hargreaves himself would take up. and thus him coming across space, in this symbolizes the character bringing wisdom and advancements to our planet. as mentioned earlier, hargreaves purchased an umbrella business in 1928, and from here he built his fortune. we learned in the 1950s and 60s that the character began to contribute to our space divisions. and his advancements led to humanity developing several new technologies. with a scientist known as grace, he started to experiment on a monkey called pogo. and this advanced the simeon far beyond the usual capabilities of chimpanzees. hargreaves started a relationship with grace, and she began to care for him and pogo greatly, though unintentional. together, their work started the space race to the moon between america and russia. and this eventually led to the cold war. it seemed that no matter what, once a civilization became advanced enough, they would inevitably descend into war. and thus he started to work with shadowy organizations to control things from behind the scenes. reginald wished to gain access to the dark side of the moon, and thus he needed those that could help him. it's during this time that he joined the majestic 12. now grace discovered this and broke off their relationship. and hulk greaves would later build an android in her image to take care of him and his family. we'll talk about this in just a bit, but first i want to focus on the majestic 12. in case you don't know, the majestic 12 is actually a group that are rumored to exist in our own world. and for decades, there have been conspiracy theories surrounding the mysterious members that make it up. the majestic 12 is rumored to be a committee of high-ranking scientists, military leaders and government officials that control world events and also hide the existence of ufos. the group was apparently formed all the way back in 1947 under the orders of president truman. and after recovering an alien spacecraft, they began to cover up the truth from humanity. with them, hargreaves started to work on certain technological advancements. however, he cut ties with them after realizing they were complicit in the assassination of jfk, the group threatened to reveal his identity unless he kept giving them tech. and thus he was forced to kill them. after this point, the group faded into myth and legend and were not heard from again. hog greaves kept his head down, living with pogo until 1989. it's at this point he emerged once more, after learning that 43 women had mysteriously given birth to children after showing no signs of pregnancy. though hargreaves tried to adopt all of them, he was only able to procure seven. and these became known as the umbrella academy. although this is never confirmed, it is possible that hargreaves was actually the cause behind the pregnancies, and that, due to his experiments on simians, he was able to manufacture children with great gifts. this has never been confirmed, but it's just a theory i've had since we found out that he was an alien in the comic books. and obviously, let me know if you agree or disagree with me. anyway, hargreaves wish to use the group to avert the apocalypse, but due to his treatment of them, they left the academy, all except for luther, who carried out a mission to the moon, though this eventually turned out to be pretty pointless. now, hargreaves committed suicide, hoping that the children would reunite to stop armageddon, but they ended up causing it. and in a last-ditch attempt to right their wrongs, they traveled back to the 60s. we see that in this alternate timeline. the group track him down, and he actually manages to go head-to-head with diego. it's at this point that i want to talk about his powers and how they operate, as there's a lot of grey areas surrounding them. so as you can guess, a guy that's alive from 1928 and seemingly doesn't age must be using either the best anti-wrinkle cream in the world, or he's immortal. he might have a ponchon for some oil of olay. but reginald is actually the latter. he does not age, or at least appear to. this may be because of time on our world working differently to his. but in the span of a century, he barely changes at all. he's also a master at combat. and due to his abilities in athletics, he's a very skilled acrobat. reginald also possesses a genius level iq. and because of this, he's created a wealth of technology and serums that improve animals and humanity when applied. har greaves is a master assassin and possesses an expertise in long-range weapons as well as hand-to-hand ones. this makes him deadly in every scenario, but he only ever kills if he believes it to be for the good of mankind. so yeah, basically the guys in alien einstein mixed with batman. batman from the movies, you know, the one, the the one that doesn't mind killing people. now, in the alternate timeline, he met with the umbrella academy, but due to thinking that they were all screw-ups, he decided not to adopt them in the future. this caused the sparrow academy to be formed. and as reginald had not met ben, he still adopted him. and in this timeline, the character did not kill himself due to the new academy never leaving him. now it's clear that he's taken a step back and that ben is now the leader. whether intentional or not, i'm hoping that this shows things have changed. in the original timeline, he treated all of the members terribly, except for probably luther, who he only saw is useful because he obeyed him so much. hargreaves mentally tortured vania, making her believe that she was nothing because he feared her power. in the case of ben, he found his abilities disgusting. but it appears here that ben has used this to his advantage. now we don't know that for definite, but we will, of course, find out more in season three. now, as for the dark side of the moon and what's up there, it is possible that there's an interdimensional portal. and this does tie in with the comics. the third volume, titled hotel oblivion, centers around an interdimensional prison, which reggie uses to trap supervillains in. it is possible that he's attempting to get to the moon to learn of this. and i think that in the third season, it will be revealed that he's already achieved his goal, and that the prison is currently set up there in this alternate timeline. when it comes to the character, you never really know what you're gonna get, but that's pretty much the basis of who he is and his history. he will likely forever remain a mystery. but that's what keeps him so fascinating. in my opinion. i think the academy themselves probably know as much as we do about the mysterious figure. and who knows if we'll ever fully find out the truth about him or where he comes from. now i'd of course love to hear your thoughts on hargreaves. and if you agree with my theories or have any of your own, make sure you comment below and let me know. and if you want something else to watch after this, then check out our breakdown of the sparrow academy, which is going to be linked at the end. we go over the main characters and also give our thoughts on what that a crazy looking box could be. now don't forget that every month on the 15th, we give away free blu-rays. and all you have to do to be on the chance of winning the mcu infinity saga box set is leave a like and subscribe with notifications on if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat, just on a discord server linked in the description or a heavy spoilers on twitter anyway. thank you for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. definition i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 