mysterious pill that allows users to access 100 of their brains abilities. welcome back to popcorn time movie digest. today i will show you a science fiction thriller film from 2011 titled limitless. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. there's a loud banging on a metal door. the door shutters, but doesn't give it's state-of-the-art residential protection. he hears the sound of power tools going to work on his door. these people are determined, professional and prepared. a little visit through a top-of-the-line apartment building uncovers two dead bodies. and on top of the building, standing right on the edge of a balcony, he takes one foot off the edge, and he hears two gunshots in the next apartment over. his neighbor someone is screaming in front of his door to be let it in. and he's disappointed in himself. he's going to jump. not so long ago, edie is walking down the street looking completely different. eddie is a struggling author in new york city. he is a disheveled, unemployed writer. he has a contract to write a book that has more talk than action. he has writer's block. he's telling two guys about his novel, for which no one believes he has a contract. it's a question if he believes it himself. later, he's seen writing, trying to write, procrastinating, until he finally leaves his apartment and goes out to drink again. a few weeks, if not even months, pass with him not writing a single word. eventually, his girlfriend, lindy, frustrated with his lack of progress, as well as his seeming lack of ambition, motivation and focus, breaks up with him. walking grossly down on new york street, he bumps into his ex-brother-in-law, vernon, whom he hasn't seen for nine years. after a little chit chat, where they both lie to each other a bit about what they're doing, vernon convinces him to have a drink together. they talk about melissa, eddie's ex-wife, who is living upstate. eddie confesses he is behind schedule on the book. vernon is currently consulting with a pharmaceutical company passes eddie a new brain drug set for market release next year. this sample new neotropic drug is called nzt. vernon said it will help eddie with his creative problems. vernon has to go, but leaves his business card. eddie takes the translucent pill on his way home, still wallowing in self-hate. when he decides to take the drug, he walks into his building and bumps into the landlord's wife, valerie. she rails him about late rent and lack of career. the drug begins to take effect, and a notices things with clarity. on the drug, eddie discovers that he has acquired perfect recall and can analyze minute details and information at incredible speed. as the pill takes effect, he is being yelled at by his landlord's wife. with his new power, he calms her down. at one point, he asks her what's wrong, catching her off guard, and starts talking to valerie confidently about legal studies. he begins accessing different memories in his mind that he didn't even know he remembered. he offers to help her with her law school homework. and when the essay is done, he sleeps with her. he walks into his apartment and notices the mess and quickly cleans up, putting everything in its place until it looks like an actual place someone would live in. the drug has made his mind clear. he then gets on his laptop and starts writing. the next morning, he is back to normal. the good news is that he still has the pages he writes for his novel. he takes them to his editor, who eyes them warily. he asks her to read the unfinished manuscript and promises to return the advance if she doesn't like it. at his apartment, he checks his voicemail. he has three new messages from her saying that what he wrote was brilliant. eddie goes to visit vernon. he opens the doors for him, looking like someone has roughed him up, but won't say what happened. vernon knows why he's there and tells him that he'll give him more of the drug, but that first he has to run some errands for him. he explains the drug is called nzt48. for another pill, eddie will do anything. when he comes back, he finds the apartment door open. upon checking, he sees the place completely ransacked with vernon on the sofa, dead. vernon is murdered by someone searching for the drug. stunned and scared, he immediately calls the police. and while he waits for them to get there, he realizes that the people that were apparently looking for the drugs never found them. he searches for the drug stash and finds a plastic bag full of the pills inside the oven, along with a wad of cash in an address book. suddenly, the police are at the door, and the detective is suspicious of eddie and his story, but eventually releases him. after a short interview. melissa calls the detective's desk and asks to speak to eddie. she tells him that she doesn't want him to vernon's funeral and that she'll call him when all of it is over. eddie leaves the police station, paranoid that he's being followed. back at home, he counts the money and takes one tablet, which kicks off a montage of him completely rediscovering himself and the power of the drug first, he gets a haircut, new clothes and motivation to finish the book in four days. he learns piano, cards, fitness, new languages, and talks like a know-it-all about everything to new friends with little effort. one of his listeners, stockbroker kevin doyle, gives him his business card. thereafter, eddie is invited to private jets for a beach party down south. he zooms around with a babe and a maserati, then shows off by cliff diving, revealing that a side effect of nzt is to move forward, no holding back. he has an epiphany on what to do for the rest of his life, but realizes he needs lots of money to do it. as his life improves, he decides to begin investing in the stock market, but needs more capital. he is hired at a brokerage firm and resumes his relationship with lindy. he needs money for what he wants to do, and investing in trades isn't enough. a cafe owner sets him up with a russian loan shark, gennady. he convinces him to give him one hundred 100 000 and meet for the drop at a park. the lone shark threatens to skin him alive if he doesn't pay it back. meanwhile, eddie's stock trades rapidly increases brokerage account his success. kevin doyle offers a meeting with elite entrepreneur carl van loon, who tests him by seeking advice on a merger with hank atwood's company in a limo carl tests eddie by asking him to review a file of different companies. eddie gleans there is a major merger in the works. carl dropped off eddie in chinatown and invites him the next day for another meeting. walking, eddie loses track of time, an emerging side effect of nzt. so he keeps walking and walking until he reaches a barn, unaware of how he got there. among disjointed events, he recalls bruce lee movies to help him battle a gang of muggers in a subway station. he then ends up in a bar and meets new friends and shags a blonde woman. he runs throughout the city and suddenly finds himself on top of a bridge, where he stops without being able to recall the last 18 hours of his life. and he wakes up the next day feeling horrible. his skin of nzt is nearly empty, and decides not to take another tablet. he tries to go through the documents sent to him by van loon, but is unable to decipher the corporate files. carl asks him about hank atwood, a corporate rival who came from nowhere to prominence two years ago. he expecting high-level answers from him, but all that he can focus on is the tv, where the news is reporting that the woman who was in the hotel with him is dead. he excuses himself and vomits outside. fearing he may have killed the girl during his blackout, he leaves the meeting abruptly, and when he gets home, the phone rings. it's melissa. he asked her to meet him later that day. fearful of nzt's side effects, he remembers vernon's black book, eddie tries to find vernon's other clients to understand more. but each phone call is a dead end, with users either dead or hospitalized. the next call he makes coincidentally rings the phone of the tan coat tough guy sitting on the other side of a park. eddie realizes the connection first and makes an escape. he then meets his ex-wife, melissa, in a cafe. she tells him that she had also been on the drug and barely made it out alive. when she stopped using it, she realized no one could operate at that level of mental activity without bad consequences. then found out from vernon that other users had died. she walks away with a pronounced limp, russian loan shark. gennady finds eddie and demands his money. in rusting eddie, he spots a drop in zt pill and takes it. he feels good, and after getting his 100k back, he lets go of eddie. later, eddie stumbles into linda's office. he tells her everything, admits he needs the drugs and admits hiding his main stash in her apartment, leaving eddie collapsed on the floor of her office. lindy gets in the apartment and finds them easily. but as she's getting back to the office, she noticed that there's a man following her. he viciously kills two bystanders that try to help her. as she runs off and hides in central park. she phones eddie, who encourages her to take one of the pills. under its influence, lindy goes through the same thing that eddie did when he first took it, and instantly starts running away, knowing exactly what to do. she escapes by using an ice skating girl as a weapon, gashing the face of the tan coat man. the following morning, lindy is getting ready to leave, and eddie tries to persuade her that he'll get on track. she wants nothing more to do with nzt. eddie says he needs more time with it to set things up. and he tells her that he will eventually get off the drug but she leaves regardless. once again, gennady meets eddie. the man wants more drugs, so he gives him a few to hold him over. afterward, eddie hires two bodyguards that follow him everywhere. he meets carl again, looking and acting sharp. he apologizes about the meeting, explaining he was sick, but he had already won the man over before, so van loon still gives him the job. eddie experiments with nzt and learns to control his dosage, sleep schedule and food intake to prevent side effects. he hires a chemist in an attempt to reverse engineer the drug, an attorney, morris brandt, to keep the police from investigating the death of vernon or the woman. he orders up tailored suits with imperceptible compartments to hide his pills. at a restaurant business lunch, the detective comes to see him. they tell him that he's been identified as the man running out of the hotel when the young woman was killed, eddie called his lawyer to bail him out. at the meeting for the merger, he notices that one of the men from the opposing side is sick. they will reconvene to sign the contract the next day. after the meeting, eddie reveals plans to move on, but carl wants him to stay. and he threatens him not to make him this competition, explaining that whatever makes him that good at his job is a gift. finding his hotel room rated, eddie buys the secure condo, fortress apartment that we see at the beginning of the film. on the street, he meets the loan shark who wants 20 pills or he'll tell his boss about his trouble with the police. as he's about to receive 40 million from the outward merger, eddie is confident he'll have enough money to deal with gennady. the next day, van loon and eddie are waiting for hank to come in and sign the documents for the merger. however, hank atwood is a no-show. carl and eddie meet hank atwood's wife, who tells them hank is in the hospital. the deal will close when he gets better. eddie recognizes atwood's driver as the man in the trench coat and realizes atwood is on nzt for now. eddie must go to the police station and stand in an id lineup. he meets his lawyer in a police station and assists him with a lineup. thankfully, he doesn't get picked out. at the office, carl is upset. atwood is in a coma, and carl wants to know where eddie has been, thinking that he knows what is going on, and suspecting betrayal. in the washroom, eddie discovers his pills are missing. he comes back to the office when a box arrives addressed to him as van loon keeps pushing for information. eddie grabs the box to find the severed hands of his bodyguards inside. he rushes out and goes back to his apartment and watches tv. and sees mrs atwood and her lawyer, who's also his lawyer, morris brandt. as he realizes that's where his hidden pills went. he sees the russians coming for him from the security cameras, who assault his steel door with a chainsaw. eddie goes to the balcony edge, ready to kill himself rather than succumb to their undoubtedly painful torture, he suddenly remembers where one last nzt pill is and tries to retrieve it, but loses at the same moment that the lone shark walks into his apartment. gennady flaunts his abilities while injecting himself with nzt, explaining that by injecting it directly into the bloodstream, the effects last longer and the withdrawal symptoms are lessened. as gennady threatens to eviscerate him, the goons are trying to open up his safe, so they don't hear when eddie grabs his own knife and kills gennady. eddie kills him and drinks his blood to ingest the nzt in the blood. this gives eddie the mental abilities of the drug once again, and he is able to kill the remaining henchmen. meanwhile, at the hospital, hank atwood dies. eddie realizes that though brant stole his pills, he did not give them to mr atwood. eddie meets the man with a tan coat in the waiting room, who, now that his boss is dead, aids eddie search through brandt's safe where he finds his pills packet, while the tan coat man watches over brandt, tied and gagged on the floor. a year later, eddie's book is published and he's running for the senate. he gets a surprise visit from carl in his campaign office and reveals that he has absorbed the company that produced nzt and shut down eddie's laboratory. eddie aggressively comes back, showing off his abilities. he says he is off nzt and doesn't need it, has become permanently enhanced, and sends him on his way. he can see everything. he's unstoppable, and he refuses any possibility to work with van loon. at an upscale chinese restaurant, eddie and lindy are together again. he orders his food in fluent chinese, then notices lindy's bemused stare. make sure to subscribe and turn on the notification for more videos like this. thanks for watching. 