welcome to the man of recaps. entourage is a show about movie star Vincent chase and his three best friends from back home, who basically wander around LA trying to get laid. Erik goes by E is the series when he's Vince's sort of manager. Johnny dramas, Vince's older brother. he used to be a TV actor, but he's washed up, so now he cooks breakfast. turtle doesn't do much. he's the driver, and he smokes a lot of pot. super agent Ari Gold wants him to read the next script, but the guys have a pool party instead, where he almost took sup with the girl, but he's not over his ex Kristen. turtle, however, has no problem taking Vince's leftovers descriptors for a random movie called Matterhorn. Ben still doesn't want to read it, so instead they buy a guard dog and stick it on turtle. ari starts out not liking me because he's not really in the business. he calls a pizza boy because he used to manage to Sbarro's. but Vince, trust him, admits it's like, should I do this movie? and he's like, nah, the script sucks. so Vince is like, let's not do it. the boys roll in to Ari's office and then meet a superhot pop star who's famous for being a virgin. and Ari has a new assistant, Emily, who they tried to set up with E they buy a Bentley, which is awesome. and they run into Jessica Alba, who invites them back to her house for a party. and it's flirts with the pop star. she really is a virgin. in Vince's role, he's never anyone's first, nor is he anyone's last, so they don't hook up. this is doing Jimmy Kimmel. but drama has some sort of drama with Jimmy Kimmel evokes up with his ex Kristen, but she assures him that his breakup sex since bangs the other guest and brings up drama's beef, but apparently there was no real beef. a drama plugs a home theater guy so that they can get a sick home theater. it's Vince's movies opening night, so Emily asked C to be his date. dramas currently dating the super buff chick. Vince got a nude pic in his fan mail, so turtle decides to ask her they all go bowling Turtles. chick is a lot of fun, but when she sees Vince is taking she ditches turtle for some others. left yet Emily have their first kiss. Vince really likes this pop star, but still refuses to be as first. but don't worry, he still gets laid, because he meets another hot chick immediately. this one's a fitness nut, and she's staying over way too often, which is against house rules. but there are some benefits to her being around. this butt belongs to douche bag agent, Josh Weinstein, and he's got a script for Vince Queens Boulevard, which is perfect cause Vince is in New York. only problem is the producer hates Vince. knew how all of LA is running out of pot. but Vince's girl has a hookup. her guru has a bunch. and so Vince takes a meeting with the producer. he does hate him, but Vince, it's like, yo, I got pot. so they smoke up, and he gets the part. no dramas getting an agent, but they give him a lowly guy, Adam Davies, because dramas career is going nowhere. they go to Gary Busey's art show, or turtle knocks over sculpture. and then Josh Weinstein invites them to a party at his house, where a Busey gets his revenge. and once he tries to poach them, he and Emily break up because business gets in the way. and then Ari shows up, and he lays the smackdown on Weinstein. to do Queens Boulevard, Vince has to get approved by the director Billy Walsh, who's a creative genius, but also insane. he did some rewrites on the script, which now involves Vince getting a [ __ ] from a guy. and he refuses to change it for artistic integrity. meanwhile, he gets a call from Kristen, apparently he dropped dialed her last night. they watch Billy's other movie, which really weird and artistic, but it is incredible. so they agreed to do the gay [ __ ]. of course, he was just kidding. he just did that as a test. so all's well. he and Emily are definitely done. so he gets back together with Kristen. dramas agent finds him an audition, but this guy's on the phone the whole time, so drama blows out of there. no, he wants to be Vince's official manager instead of only his sort of manager. and Vince doesn't take it seriously. so they have a fight, but he manages to hook Vince up with Scarlett Johansson. so all is well again. they fly to New York to film Queens Boulevard, and then they're back. he was faithful to Kristen the whole three months, but now she has her period, so they set up a date to have sex that weekend. ari has a new assistant, the gay agent, Lloyd, and he's got their next project lined up, Aquaman. Vince doesn't want to do it, though, they like Medellin the story of Pablo Escobar, dramas. agent tells me, needs new headshots. Oh, turtle hooks him up with some free ones. then the guys buy a Maserati and go to a Lakers game. meanwhile, Kristen got food poisoning, and Jaime Pressly invites him back to her party. so Vince tries to get Elaine, and he does, with a superhot model. he feels bad and wants to confess, which all the guys aren't strongly against. and so when he's hooking up with Kristen, she confesses first she has been seeing someone else. so he's like, good thing. I bang that model. they're going to a party at the Playboy Mansion tonight, which dramas banned from because of an incident involving the Karate Kid in the monkey cages. it's finally agrees to an Aquaman meeting, but the suit is terrible, so it's a definitive. now. then they look at a new house, and they decide they like the big one better. the Playboy Mansion is an incredible place. so they try to smuggle drama in, but he gets caught, so he has to hop the fence. you have to find him. but luckily, he's able to blame the monkey incident on Pauly Shore. they offer Vince a buttload of money to do Aquaman, so he says, yeah, let's do it. Donald goes for an audition where he has to show his calves, and he's feeling insecure, so he considers calf implants. turns out James Cameron is gonna direct Aquaman, which could be bad, because we don't know if I want Vince then. and Gordon works at the studio. she and are used to be a thing, so she tells them that they still like Vince. and they're all partying, but they hear that Leo might be playing Aquaman. their neighbors with Bob Saget. now in this house full of super hot chicks, which Saget tells them is a high-end brothel. but Vince adduce is the matron, so the girls are on the house. he convinces Emily to have James Cameron to watch Queens Boulevard, but Billy won't let anyone see it until it premieres at Sundance. this is a commercial for an Asian energy drink to make some extra money, and he bangs his hot combat instructor. and the commercial turns out super-sweet. Turtles in an xbox boxing competition, but he's knocked out in the first round by a little kid. now it's time for Sundance. umekes the producer Harvey Weinstein in the bathroom, and their driver is a hot chick, which turtle and drama both compete for. Harvey offers Vince a surfing movie, but only if he had sex. right now, it already says yes, because they don't know if the Aquaman deals gonna come through. but Vince changes his mind and decides to wait for Cameron to see Queens Boulevard. meanwhile, the driver thing that says, drama and turtle to have a threesome. Harvey doesn't take the rejection very well. but James Cameron is there, and Queens guard from years it's excellent. but Cameron left early. luckily, that's because it was so good, it's all he needed to see. guys are staying and Jessica Alba's Malibu beach house because she needs someone to watch her cats. and they have to choose an aqua girl. top of the list is Mandy Moore, who Vince once had a fling with. he says it's no big deal, but apparently he was pretty obsessed with her. Adam Davies gets drama another edition. but he's all the way in Malibu, so he has to rush over there. and the guys on the phone again. so he comes out and bust this guy's windshield. turns out he actually got the part, but now he's going to jail. Vince has dinner with Mandy to prove things won't be awkward. but she has a fiance now, and things will definitely be awkward. the guys go to comic-con, which is dramas time to shine, because his one hit show was the nerd classic, Viking quest. this is an ahkam an interview with Dwight from the office. but when he asked us about his history with Mandy Moore, Ben storms off. Vince is supposed to go to dinner with Mandy and her fiance tonight, but he storms off from that as well. drama doesn't like his hot co-star from biking quest because she got a successful spin-off. but turns out she always had a crush on him. so they make out and give the fans a good show. turtle calls it a favor with some porn star friends, and they convinced white to give Vince a favorable Aquaman review. and then they go to a u2 concert for no apparent reason. work on Aquaman is awkward with these two. and then we meet Sloan, who is he's one true love. she's the daughter of Ari's boss, Terrance, who has been mostly retired, but now he wants back in the game. it's Ari's daughter's Bat Mitzvah. so drama and turtle smoke and fast to get ready for all the good food. but they missed the food. so then they find a kids birthday party next door to pick out at Vincent II compete for Sloan. and crazily, she chooses E. which is fine because many more shows up and says she dumped her fiance. so she invents are back together. this is bad press, because Vince looks like a homewrecker. but Vince doesn't care. in fact, it's Maggie's birthday. he wants that painting, and Ari gives it to him because Terrance is trying to sneak him away. however, Sloan and I are dating, and Sloan knows that all of are his paintings in the office are fake, so he returns it, and Ari asked to go bring the real one from his home. meanwhile, dramas actually landed a part in a TV movie starring Brooke Shields. but during the hug scene, he pops a boner, so he's fired. Mindy loves the painting, and in fact, things are too good with her and Vince. because they were having so much sex they missed an important Aquaman meeting, which Manny's agent, Barbara Miller, does not like. meanwhile, someone took their Maserati for a joyride and left their own hip-hop demo in the car. but it's really good. so turtle tracks him down and it's like, hey, no hard feelings. I'm a music manager now. I want to sign you are he's finding himself being left out of his own meetings, so he initiates project tsetse fly, where he's gonna jump ship and take all the best agents with it. unfortunately, someone talked its dramas to douchebag agent Adam Davies. so re goes on Jerry Maguire and takes Lloyd with him, who gives him a good pep talk, and then he drunkenly dances in front of his wife. the guys spot Mandy out with her ex-fiance, and in an unbelievably retro moment, they use their flip phone camera to take photos of her, renting we at Blockbuster. the bad news is she is getting back with him. this is super heartbroken, so he doesn't want to do op man anymore. but when he goes to tell James Cameron in person, James is so excited about it that he's like, okay, I'll take the millions of dollars and just suck it up. it's the Aquaman premiere. the guys are looking for dates. Vince goes on the radio to find one again, but this time he wants to bring his mom, who never flies out from New York. the other guys meet - good perspectives, but they've run out of tickets already, so they steal from James Woods, who comes to the house to get him, but they give him some fake ones instead. the only way to get Vince's mom, though, is if all the other moms come. so the guys walk the red carpets with their moms. Aquaman's looking to be a huge release, but there's rolling blackouts because it's so hot in California. so the guys get invited to a random high school party, and Vince has an almost famous moment. it turns out Aquaman was the biggest movie ever. it was even bigger than spider-man. their old friend tom has just gotten out of jail, and he causes friction in the entourage because he tries to steal Johnny's cooking and Turtles driving Medina's back. the project was dead, but it's now alive, and they need to charm the producer. but someone steals his shrek doll, and they think it's Dom. turns out it was so they give it back, and DOM is gone. so they've got met in, but it films at the same time as Aquaman - so they talk to the head of Warner's and gets him to push it back a few days, but not enough days. there's really not enough time. so they figured out though. but then he's like, I really didn't think you could figure it out. I just don't want Aquaman blowing coke and killing people. Sloan has a friend in town, and they have a threesome with he, but he wakes up cuddling the wrong girl, which is a huge, three simple pop. Vince will talk Aquaman until someone finds Johnny a drop. so Lloyd finds him an audition for a show called five towns, then decides that he basically has to do Aquaman 2 because of his contract. but he refuses to go to breakfast with the head of orders, so they recast him for Jake Gyllenhaal. things are a little awkward after East threesome, and Vince gets celebrity auction buddies in the coat room banging the order of girl. but soon Sloan's friend leaves town. in the story, lighting goes nowhere. Johnny's got his five towns audition, but he's having a very bad day, so he misses it. but he gets the call from the director. they want him anyway. how, he's ambushed by heads of the other agencies. they want to shut him down, but barber Miller says, hey, I'll trade with you. so they form a Miller gold agency. Queens Boulevard is about to be released, but apparently the studio's butchered it by putting in color. so Vince speaks out and says, don't go watch it. they take a random trip to Vegas to judge a stripper competition. Seth Green tells a that he used to bang sloan's dramas favorite mezuzahs man, which is totally heterosexual. Vince passes the strippers off to turtle, and they lose a lot of money at blackjack, but then they win it back. dramas massage turns less heterosexual. the guys judged his stripper competition, and they get in a fight with Seth Green. Turtles rapper gets a record deal, but he doesn't show up to the meeting. Ari said co-op has a joke with this old producer because he doesn't have anything, just tells boring stories. they tracked on Turtles rapper, but he actually has another manager. so they hang drama off the balcony and give turtle a severance package. Vince picks up a girl at a bookstore, and turns out she's engaged, but Vince is on her celebrity cheat list, so it's okay. he actually finds good script for a Ramones movie with the old guy, and so that's their new project. first, turtle needs to buy some sneakers, but Vince refuses to use the celebrity power to cut the line, so they run out dramas filming his first day on Five Towns. but he's got a long monologue, so he's super nervous. he hides in his trailer and decides to ride one out. unfortunately, he's Mike, so everyone can hear. but it works cuz he does a great job. then Vince hopes turtle up with some limited-edition sneaks. the old guy is ruining the Ramones meetings by being old, so Ari sends him to the wrong lot, but he gets mad and sells to Warner Brothers, which is the studio that hates Vince. Vince considers firing Ari, but Ari can fix it. he talked to Dana Gordon, who tells him they're not even gonna make the movie. they just bought it. so Vince can't do it. so Vince tells the old guy this, cuz he just wants the movie to get made. unfortunately, Dave, he gets fired, and the old guy gives up. so Ramones is dead. guys go see other agencies, but they're all terrible. so they come back to Ari, but he gives them the same presentation. so they're out, and the dark days begin. the new agent, a man who Daniel, is a superhot she's got a great script for them and takes them to Lakers games, just like are used to. Ari's jealous, so for Vince's birthday, he says he get Vince meta heaney, even though benissa datura supposed to be doing it, internal subsidizes Vince in birthday party by getting corporate sponsorship. Vince wants to come on in Sloan's romantic getaway, and he doesn't have the heart to tell him. knows we bloom Salon Sloan says that she needs to approve Vince's girl first, or he's trying to sign a gay writer. so he brings along Lloyd. is a gay enticement. Lloyd is about to sacrifice his body for the good of the company, but Ari comes to save him. so he slapped the guy, and they're out. turtle and drama go to the dog park to pick up girls, which goes extremely well until the dogs end up fighting. the dog. girl tells turtle that his dog, the bad dog that turned was like, no no dogs before hos. he's in the doghouse when Sloan finds out he was blending things on her. so they get their romantic weekend in Napa. and the boys go to Cabo for spring break. their new agents mad because they're holding him for meditating. so they decide to read her script again, but they don't get much work done. Vince then tells his agent he thinks she's super hot, which is very unprofessional. but they do bang just one time to get it out of their systems our East Front from college used to be a loser, but he's got a hot wife now because he made millions on stamps comso ari throws a fit, but then he remembers he has his own millions and hot wife, so he doesn't care. dramas doing a hidden-camera show with Pauly Shore. so when UFC fighter Chuck Liddell cuts him off in the parking lot, he acts tough for the cameras, but the real cameras were for this Tarou Scott thing. so Chuck Liddell's gonna kill him. the guys go to Chuck Liddell's fight so they can apologize, but Chuck calls drama out in the audience and gets him up there and makes him beg for mercy, which was the hidden-camera show all along. the guys go to a horse race, and dramas got a sure thing, but of course, it loses. and so drama buys the horse. senecio drops out of Medellin, and they want Vince, but it has to happen today, but it's a Jewish holiday, so they can't use a cell phone. so they go to a temple where the producer is, and he's like, no business on holidays. so by the time the Gentiles get there with the cell phone powers, it is too late. maybe ting is dead. this blames many channels, but it's not her fault. so she breaks up and dumped sometimes a client. at the same time, Vince is back with Ari, but only if he can revive Madine. dramas show reviews her out, and he doesn't want to read them, so he goes for a rub-and-tug, but can't focus, so he reads the reviews on their back. turtle fixes up dramas car, but he's distracted by the hot daughter, so he crashes it again. and the guys meet with the producer about met Ian, who says he'll revive it if they do Matterhorn first, which is the movie from season one. business decides, forget it. I'm just gonna buy the rights to madina and make it myself. they bring Johnny his refix. tough carnies depressed, so it drives it out to sleep at the Grand Canyon. but it's a call. the show was a huge success. the critics didn't like it, but the ratings were good. so finally, drama catches a break, such a break actually, he's immediately cast in rush hour for Vincent. the guys go to meet with the money man, who's got a hot wife who keeps eyeing Vince dramas bragging about how he's in rush hour four. but when he gets there, turns out it was a mistake. they want some other guy. turtle goes for a date with the mecanics daughter, but he comes home to chaperone. money man's wife wants to meet Vince alone to discuss the movie, but Vince brings a chaperone, and she gets mad at the implications drama, refuses to leave rush hour house. so they give him a bit part just to get rid of him. money man says he will finance the movie, but only if Vince has sex with his wife. Vince declines the offer. so the guys sell their house. Johnny lets in a really cheap apartment and then really expensive apartment. decides to take that one. he's going to move in with his girlfriend, Sloan. but she's like, are things getting serious and he's like, I don't know. he meet with the other money man who says he'll do Madine, but they needed directors. so they go find Billy Walsh. she was off shooting porn just for fun. he and the money men don't get along, but he decides he'll do it anyway. so after three and a half seasons, they're finally doing medding Medina's going great, until Billy cast his club me and shaken becomes obsessed with her. he makes the whole movie about her, and then interrogate the whole crew to see if anyone else is bangin her. also, he decides the ending sucks, so he blows a huge part of the budget hiring an oscar-winning screenwriter to rewrite it. but then decides she just rewriting himself. on the day the guy comes in, everything turned out great, but Billy won't let anyone see the final cut. Ari Sun can't give in the private school where his daughter goes. but it's not his son's fault. it's all his own fault for being obnoxious. ari hires a detective to follow the headmaster of the private school, but he can't get any dirt on him, so he just begs. and the guy says, yeah, I'll let your son in if you give my son a job. dramas hosteen Vince's welcome back party at his new apartment. but he wants to keep it super clean, even lock in the bathroom. but that works out well. internal can give a girl code in exchange for a tip flash. Vince and E finally see Medellin. and Vince Dix is great, but he thinks it actually is terrible. dramas got two girls that want to hook up, so Vince decides to bail and find his own party. which is good, because dramas, girls aren't terrible. the girls decided to switch. the drama gets stuck with the fat one, but she gives the best rim job in LA. apparently Billy refuses to change meting from being terrible. but there is a trailer that looks really good, and he manages to sell Matty and just based on the trailer, to Harvey Weinstein. but this backfires. turns out Matty even got into Cannes, which means it supposedly is really good, and they can't sell it before that M night. Shyamalan won sorry to read a script. and the guys go party with the mayor of Beverly Hills, because dramas trying to get his condo annexed into that zip code. he has to bail on Harvey Winston again, but he postpones because he's scared of him. are you got switched cars at the ballet? so he has to go trade out with this random person to get his script back. drama finds a hot chick for the mayor, but turns out she's a [ __ ]. luckily, the mayor doesn't care. good job, drama. Harvey was kicked out of the bar, which makes telling a lot easier. ari was up all night reading the script, but Emily rewrote the whole thing. and dramas 90210 dreams fall through with the mayor shows up on TMZ. the meting trailer leaks online, and Billy thinks he did it, so they have a fight. Johnny sees a cool hat he likes, but they only sell it at medical marijuana facility. and the guys find a new mountain movie they want Vince to do, but Dana Gordon says they already got pleasure doing it. are a few minutes is heats agent that it's a gay role and he can't be gay twice in a row. so Heath drops out. but also the director drops out. so Ari sells Dana Gordon on the baby dream team of Billy Walsh. but Billy and E are fighting, so that might not be good. drama gets his green card and he gets his cool hat. but the problem with wearing a medical marijuana has that people expect you to smoke, which he's not great at. so he flips out. the turtle coaches him through it, and it's pretty cool. Turtles cousins got insider information that Sandy Koufax gonna die, so they go to a baseball auction and buy his jersey. the guys win the Jersey, but turns out it was his dog that's dying, not him. so the guys are at about 50 grand. Lloyd is upset because his boyfriend dumped him. so Ari goes to see him, fights that Lloyd cheated out of re covers for him, so he's back to work. the guys have a bet to see who can get laid first. turn allure Easter. drama takes turtle onto Craigslist, where they find an actual hot girl. the problem is she is aford. Vince takes e to a pool party, but he runs into Sloan, which apparently they broke up during midians, and so now it's super awkward. he decides to man up and bang the model from the pool. so he wins the bet because turtle chickens out. but drama says, well, we already have the costume. someone may as well do it. he moves into a new office, and the boys want to get him a cool desk with Gary Busey. r he hasn't coolest one on reserve. ari has twin trouble at the office when these identical twins, one begging the other ones wife. unfortunately, the bad one is the one who earns more, so he has to find a good one. tragically, the good to it was mary j blige, his favorite agent. so ari loses her also. Gary Busey paints drama, and that's how they get their desk. he's in the fender bender with Anna Faris. ternal picks up girls because he's got an extinct strain of wheat. but the cops pull him over and make him dump it. luckily, he manages to salvage it. he gives in her right and she takes him out to dinner. he thinks it's a day but no, she wants him to be her manager. Ari's wife is reprising her role on a soap opera for a reunion episode that she has to kiss a hot young guy, which Ari does not like. a nice, four stage manager, and is having a photo shoot. but she's got a real douchebag boyfriend. in long story short, they fight and break up. no, Billy turned the mountain movie into a sci-fi epic, and Vince wants to actually do this version. so Ari has to M wish the studio head and pitch the hell out of this new script, which Dana Gordon gets behind him on. so everything's okay. once again, Billy wants to enter Ferris to be in the movie, and he's conflicted, because it'd be good for Vince if Anna was in it, but he knows the scripts bad. so he actually tells her to do it. but then he's like, no, no, actually, you shouldn't do it, and I have a crush on you. so she dumps him and breaks up with him. at the same time, there's a terror alert, so they can't fly to Cannes. they're gonna fly private, but they can't all fit. but Kanye West shows up and he's like, I got planning room on my plane. we're all go to France. foreign money man. it's a party in the Jackie losted biomed even without even seeing it. but they want to wait for an offer from a real studio, but their money man doesn't want to because he blew all of his money on coke and hookers. Viking quest is actually really popular in France. the drama, pulls a hot chick back to his hotel, but they mixed up the reservation. he's got a bad room, so he throws a fit and gets kicked out. so Aria has to get a better offer, and ready, he'd afford even from here. so he plays Dana Gordon, hi, everyone sitting against each other, and she makes an offer. unfortunately, I had before me. I made an even better offer, and this guy took it without consulting them. drama, searching for his girl. he finally finds her at the red carpet and met Ian premiers. but it's actually really terrible. everyone hates it. and this guy's like, yeah, I'm not paying you anything. drama, though, has sex on Lapage. Vince's retired New Mexico buddy gets an offer to do a new movie, so he's flies back in, but the directors just using him as leverage with Adam Davies, so nobody wants Vince anymore. he found a cool firefighter script, but Ari says, no more Indies. so he's like, whatever. I'll sign the writers and I'll take the script to Amanda Daniels. Vince is reunited with the virgin popstar. she's not original more, but she tries to pass him off to one of her friends. Armas been dating the French chick long distance, but he freaks out when he can't get ahold of her. but she had a really good reason to and she dumps him. meanwhile, Vince grabs his popstar and they finally seal the deal. Ari gets a new Ferrari, and ends up in a street race with Adam Davies, which he loses. so he sends Davies a bag of poop, and the cops come, but they're actually hot cops sent by Davies. so arias ins Davies new pictures of his girlfriend that she sent Ari when she worked in the mailroom. but Davies finds new pictures of are his wife, on the internet. so Ari goes over there and [ __ ] slaps him to make some money. Vince does an appearance at a sweet 16, and a drunken drama barks all over the cake. Amanda Daniels gave the firefighter movie to Ed Norton, who loved it. so now that ed Norton's in ari wants to do it too. they take you to the studio heads and they like the movie, but they don't like Vince. Samba goes on the view and they ambush him about his ex-girlfriend, and he cries on national television dramas on a depression bender. he ends up going to jail again. Vince decides it's time to humble up and take a second lead role in a studio. agrees to that, except Warner Brothers, who still hates Mintz for Aquaman, buys it out from under them. so now they're totally broke, and the only offer Vince has is for a Benji the dog movie. so they decided to go to Joshua Tree in the desert and do shrooms to help them decide. Ari's wife's gonna come home from a trip early, but he doesn't want to find an F that he's doing shrooms in the desert, so he convinces her to stay and he keep his Lloyd to go to his house and watch the dog. but Lloyd has a big gay party, and Ari ends up getting separated from the crew. but the guys find him later, and their dog Arnold. and they realize that's a sign that they should do Benji. but on the way home, there's an even better sign that they should hold out for the firefighter movie. so Ari's gonna bet Vince in the movie with the golf game with the head of Warner's, but the guy's got Phil Mickelson coaching him. differend Damas run into some more trouble with the law, and turtle tries to be dramas assistant for one day. so they build. I'm out. and he's got an important meeting with his only other client, but he's following down closely to make sure he doesn't skip bail. luckily, the meaningless finding his client gets pilot, and Dom has a family, so he doesn't skip bail. all right, loses in golf, but the studio head is so happy he bid Ari that he literally dies of a heart attack. Vince is doing a photo shoot with a really hot model, but the photographer doesn't like how she's flirting with him, so he reassigns her. eric is hit on by a very tall model, and she takes him up to a room, but not to bang him, to show him her real so he can represent her. Vince confronts at the table, prefer but turns out he wasn't into the model. he's in events. and minutes gets caught from the model inviting him with the boys to come on a plane full of models down a Hawaiian with them, where it turns out the tall one is actually in de speaking of hand jobs on planes, ternal gets seated next jamie-lynn Sigler, who was famous at the time for being Meadow Soprano. and he tells the guys that she jerked him off, which drama doesn't believe for a second. so he tells several about it. now, who's gonna be the new head of Warner Brothers? they offered the job to Ari, but it's a tough decision because he likes being an agent. but next in line is Amanda Daniels. and he's like, hey, can we squash the beef? and she's like, no. if I get it, I will never let Vince work again. but Ari manages to pass the job off to his girl, Dana Gordon, who's gonna put Vince in smokejumpers. and once again, everything's okay. by the way, Jimmy and Saylor did, in fact, jerk off turtle, and now she's mad. so Vince is filming smokejumpers. but this other actor keeps stealing Lala's lines, and the directors totally fine with it. ari meets with an old friend of his, Andrew Klein. they came up together, but Andrew turned into a loser. but he's actually not a loser. he's doing a good job prepping TV writers. so Ari offers him a job. so he's other client got his pilot, but they want Seth Green to be in it. and he says he'll only do it if he gets Sloan to call him. meanwhile, on set, the directors taken away even more in Vince's lines because he says, Ben sucks. Andrew Klein's back in the big leagues, but first he has to impress artist partner Barbara. but she is not impressed. sorry, has to crash the awards ceremony to convince her. Seth Green comes to the meeting, but he's a huge douche still, so he gets punched in the face again. one night, Jamie booty calls turtle, and so they have a nice time, and she gives him a good idea for a hot girls driving limos business. then it's time for Vince's big scene. but the director still hates his acting, so they have a big fight, and he tries to fire Vince. so they all have a meeting, and the director storms in to the president of the company. and he doesn't like being bothered, so he just shuts down the whole movie. the guys go back to New York and stay with their moms, and they find out about a movie shooting nearby. so Eric goes in and tries to convince the director to look at Vince. meanwhile, Johnny Drama buys a bar so he can name it after himself. the director calls back and says he likes Vince, but not for this movie. so Vince is pissed, and he and he have a huge falling out. but then Martin Scorsese calls and wants Vince to do the Great Gatsby. so Vince and E make up, and the boys are back on top. Vince learns to drive because he's doing it Ferrari movie. Floyd wants to be a real agent. story starts hazing him, and then he makes him go on a diet. Eric moves into his own house. yes Sloan to go to the Gatsby premiere with him, and she says, yes, but just his friends. this other girl that Eric started dating, Ashley, does not want to be just friends. she actually shows up to the premiere. so things pretty awkward. and Eric's like, Sloan, I want to get back together. but she's like, no, he can't. so he decides to go bang Ashley. the boys go driving Ferraris. Vince gives one to turtle for his birthday. turtle gets another Ferrari from his girlfriend, Jamie. so he's feeling useless. he wants to start business, but Ari's like, you have no skills. these clients pilot tests really well, except for him. they want to kick him off. and yes, it's Ari for advice on how to be a super agent. so he storms in there and calls them all racists, which doesn't work. no. Andrews having an affair with hot young agent Lizzie grant. Lizzie ends it, but when he sees her flirting with Ross from friends, he freaks out and leaves his wife, which pisses off Ari's wife. the guys do a celebrity golf thing with Mark Wahlberg and Tom Brady. he gets set up with this miniature guy who offered him a job, but turns out he Sloan's Godfather. he's still not over Sloan, even though he's dating Ashley. he calls her slow and once by mistake, which is a big no-no. John was getting a kiss scene in his show, but he can't find a good actress, so he convinced his turtle to let Jamie do it. but a producer comes and starts hitting on our Soviet accent Ian Ashley. are great, until she finds a missed call from Sloan, so she dumps him. he takes a manager job, and his coworker, Scott is a huge douche, but his receptionist, kate mara is super hot. he's gonna sign Bob Saget. the Bob Saget wants to have sex in his boss's office, and the boss is like, yeah, I guess that's fine. Andrew Klein is not doing good. his wife's locked him out, so he crashes his car into his house. Andrew manages to sign Aaron Sorkin while in jail, so that's good. at least. he convinces Sloan to meet him for a friendly drink. but then Ashley calls and wants to have sex, so he goes and does that instead. the guys have a break-in, but nothing was stolen except their underwear. they find the idea of this creepy guy, which is probably Vincent stalker. drama tracks down the stalker, but turtle went back to school. and turns out it was a sorority prank to steal his underwear, because he's jamie-lynn Sigler's boyfriend. Lloyd gets a call from Adam Davies offering him a job as a real agent. and because Ari super mean to him, he bailed. so dramas characters being written into a coma. but he runs into an ultra deucer friends of his who wants him for the Melrose Place reboot. john needs his agent, Lloyd, to get him out of his five towns contract, but he puts Ariane in as well. and Ari win. so he's gonna dump Lloyd, but Lloyd comes up. it shows his loyalty. so dramas decides to stick with it. actually doesn't trustee. she wants to read all of his text but then she's like, no, I'm being crazy. but he decides to dump her anyway. so he finds a new girl. Johnny had this one too, though, and she maybe gave him a disease. so he goes to get himself checked out. drama goes in for his audition, but he has a heart attack. Ari's old boss, Terrance, wants to sell his company. Ari suspicious, so he talks to Terrance his ex-wife, Miranda, who tells him that Terrance was having an affair. armed with this information, Ari gets a great deal. I'm buying out his old employer. Jamie's got a new show, but it films in New Zealand. and she's like, long-distance thing never works. let's break up. all said turtle, by the way, Johnny's heart attack was fake, and Erica's std-free. turtle trans banging the sorority chick, but he just can't because he misses Jaime. he takes loan for a lunch where he says he wants to get back together. she says no. but then he proposes. so Ari, it's the company. he fires people by shooting them with paintball guns. turtle tries to find a new zealand's Jaime's like, no, I mean, we should actually break up. and sadly, it's too late for him to get off the plane. he has to sit through the whole flight drama. those into addition. again, he does great. this time, not good enough to get on this show, but the network wants to work with him on something else. Arion Lloyd makeup. so the dynamic duo is back together. and slow and crazily accepted Eric's proposal, even though they haven't dated in like three years. turtle starts to talk. our little business buddy, miss rates the signs with one of his employees. Vince is doing more movies, but they want him to do his own stunts. so he does a car jump, and it gives him a taste for the daredevil life, which he proves by cutting his hair. Turtles card gets declined. he blames his ex-employee. he turns out it's not her fault. and Ari's working with the NFL to sell their rights. also, Lizzy Caplan is helping because she knows football, and they do a great job, but Ari's wife walks in and is not like that. anyway, the NFL won't sell the rights, but they want Ari to bring an NFL team to LA. Vince meets Eric stool co-worker, Scott, who takes him skydiving dramas looking for a new project. he's offered a comedy, but drama only does dramas. mince-pies. Adrian Peterson's dinosaur skull. and Scott hooks him up with a new superhero movie called Airwalker. dramas comedy looks good, and they want John Stamos to be the other guy. but they meet and beats him in ping-pong, which John Stamos doesn't like. turtles limo business fails, but his 1x employee has adventure in Mexico with Ivo and tequila. they want him and Vince to help promote it. drama has a rematch with Stamos. he lets him win this time, so say Moises back on the show. Vince starts dating porn star Sasha Grey. and turtle brings in the tequila, which is delicious, except not in the morning before important business meetings. turns out shameless wants Bob Saget to do the show with him. so dramas a malach know Andrew Klein ended up in rehab. Lizzy wants to be the head of the TV Department, but Ari says no. so she leaves. she teams up with Amanda Daniels. they're trying to steal Ari's clients. so he has to go around doing things like buying puppies for Jessica Simpson. turns out Lizzie recorded all the horrible things Ari says in the office, and she wants to put it out there so the world knows he's a terrible person. Lizzie starts feeling bad about this. she just wants a new job. so Ari hooks are up with Dana Gordon, and she gives him back the tapes. unfortunately, someone already leaked the story, which blows his chances of getting an NFL team. and his wife is super pissed at him. Ian Sloane try anal it doesn't go well. it's going great for Vince and Sasha, though they love this tequila turtle finally closes with his girl, but he does a bad job because he was scared of her. clean shaven Bush. Billy Walsh shows up. he's sober now and actually mostly saying they sent him working on a show for drama. and he has a great idea, Johnny's bananas, but dramas too pretty for animation. Turtles doing a great job promoting abiona. and he meets Mark Cuban who decides to invest. they want a second Erica meeting with Vince because he showed up drunk with the porn started the first one. but he's been in a wild company for the last week, so this one doesn't go well either. they want Vince to do a drug test, but he refuses. and he's got enough clout these days, so they fired the director and hire one who doesn't mind if he's on coke. Eric's hot new assistant convinces drama that Johnny Bananas is a good idea, so they can cancel the whole party where they were gonna convince him to do it. Sasha's doing a new movie, and Vince doesn't want her to, so he causes a whole scene and she has to dump him. his friends are all like, Vince, we need to have an intervention, but he runs off. Sloan's dad, Terrance, wants Eric to sign a prenup. and Ari causes a scene with Amanda Daniels, but turns out she didn't leak the tapes either. and now his wife was pissed at him again. in fact, he's planning a great surprise party for her birthday, but she doesn't show and says, that she wants to separate, which destroys Ari's world. speaking of destroyed worlds, Vince was on his best bender yet he crashes a party, gets punched by Eminem and then is under arrest. Eric and Scott start their own management company. Sloan and Eric broke up, apparently because of the prenup issue. and Vince is out of rehab. they busted a bunch of hot sober girls for a totally sober party. but Vince is like, look, I went on one extended coke binge. I can still drink a beer. unfortunately, turtle was trying to hide his weed, so he ends up burning the house down. Ari's wife starts seeing someone else, and Lloyd thinks it may be this waiter. so Ari ruins his acting career. Eric's moving his stuff out of Sloane's house, and they end up having breakup. sex happens a lot with this guy while in rehab. then said a terrible idea to do a movie about trapped miners. it would make a good TV movie, though, for drama to do. so they get Billy Washington right. Johnny's bananas is doing great. they've got Andrew Dice Clay as his co-star, and the test scores are through the roof. Ari's wife was not banging the waiter, by the way. she was banging the owner of the restaurant. super chef bobby flay solo. he tries to set ari up with his hairstylist, nice or something. Turtles girlfriend is the face of Avion, which is doing great, but he can't get her on the phone. now that's Turtles turn to get fired and dumped at the same time. so he sells inside the own stock and wants to start his own business venture. Andrew Dice Clay wants to go on strike and hold out for more money, but they replace him immediately. all right. rise, the date with Lloyds hairstyle is nice, but he's not feeling it. instead, he bangs Dana Gordon, with whom he said 20 years of pent-up sexual tension in rehab. Vince REE meets the director who stood him up on that other movie. he wants to work together now, but instead he does coke and then kills himself in the bathroom. so Vince has to take a drug test, buddy, he smoked a joint the other day. they try a vinegar cleanse, but that's not gonna happen. ari takes Dana Gordon to Bobby Flay's restaurant, which is a hugely dick move. speaking of dicks, Billy Walsh hooks VIN stuff with their prosthetic one to help him pass the drug test, and it works extremely well. the replacement on Johnny's bananas is terrible. so drama joins Andrew Dice Clay on the strike, and after a lot of unnecessary tension, it works out and they get paid. Vince has an interview with the hot journalist played by Alice Eve, and he basically flirts with her the whole time. so he goes in for a second interview where he hits on her again. Sloan's ex-stepmother, Miranda, meets with E to have him represent her, but they end up having drinks and then having sex. the article comes out saying Vince is a huge womanizer. and to prove her wrong, Vince makes a documentary of all the women he's banged and how much they enjoyed it. Turtles, new business is to bring a New York restaurant to LA. but he finds out Mark Cuban went public with a belin, and he could have made millions of dollars. luckily, Vince was too lazy to ever sell the stock. so now Turtles millionaire. he's still banging Sloan's ex-stepmother, and they English Sloan on a date. but Sloan tells me that she's pregnant with his kid and she's moving to New York to get away from him. of course, he's gonna go follow her. apparently, the journalists like Vince's video so much that now they're getting married in Paris tonight. so Vince goes to invite Sloan with wedding and also convince her that E is a really good guy and she should get back together with him. ari and Dean and Gordon have a beautiful romance, I cannot last because he loves his wife. so he quits his job and he runs home with a grand romantic gesture, and they get back together. so they're flying to Paris for Vince's apparent wedding, and Mintz did convince Sloan to come and she'd get back together. and that's of the series ends with them flying dual private jets off into the sunset 