hello and welcome to movies in five minutes or less. this is a recap of the 2021 adventure movie jungle cruise, starring dwayne johnson and emily blunt. warning, spoilers ahead. in the year 1556, a man named donaghira leads a group of spanish conquistadors to south america in search of the law grimace decreased all tree, whose flowers are said to cure illness, hill injuries and lift curses. the puka mishina tribe uses the tree's flowers to heal the survivors. after the majority of the conquistadors have died, when the tribal chief refuses to reveal the location of the tree, agira stabs him and sets fire to the village. the dying chief curses the conquistadors, making them immortal and unable to leave the amazon river site. anyone attempting to flee is recaptured by the jungle. in london, in the year 1916, dr lily houghton's tears of the moon research is presented to the royal society by her brother mcgregor, who claims that the tree's flowers could revolutionize medicine and aid the british war effort. the huttons request access to an arrowhead artifact they recently acquired. lily believes that the arrowhead and an old amazon map are the key to finding the tree. the society rejects the request, believing that the tree is a legend and that female scientists are inferior. lily steals the arrowhead, narrowly avoiding prince joachim. are ruthless german prince on the lookout for the tree. when lily and mcgregor arrive in brazil, they will need a boat and a guide to take them down the amazon river. they hire skipper frank wolfe, who offers low-cost jungle cruises laced with fictitious dangers and corny jokes. frank initially declines, claiming that the journey is too dangerous, but after seeing the arrowhead, he reconsiders. frank reclaims his repossessed boat engine. after eluding joachim, who pursues them in a u-boat, the trio flees. lily discovers in frank's cabin photos and sketches of modern inventions, as well as maps, drawings and research on the tears of the moon. she accuses frank of looking for the tree, despite the fact that he claims to have given up long ago. the puka mishna tribe, dressed as cannibals, captures the group as one of frank's phony threats that he failed to cancel in time. lily is enraged and has doubts about frank's sincerity. the tribal chief deciphers the symbols on the arrowhead, revealing the tree's location and the fact that it only blooms during a blood moon. joachim locates the petrified conquistadors in a cave and frees them by diverting the river on the condition that they retrieve the arrowhead for him. the spaniards attack the tribe and fatally stab frank. lily manages to get away with the arrowhead. the pursuing spaniards are captured by vines as she crosses the curse's boundary, dragging them back into the jungle. the next morning, a fully revived frank is discovered, much to the surprise of the haughtons. frank reveals that he is one of the cursed conquistadors who attacked the village while on a noble mission to save aguirre's gravely ill daughter. after years of fighting, frank trapped the other conquistadors away from the river where they turned to stone to defend the tribe. he then spent centuries looking for the tree in vain, as the artifact was guarded by the daughter of the tribal chief at the time. it would later be kept in a london museum for dr albert falls. lily and frank continue their journey to the la luna rota waterfall, where they discover and raise a submerged temple. in the meantime, joachim kidnaps mcgregor and forces him to reveal lily's whereabouts in the temple that houses the tree. frank, lily, mcgregor, the germans and the spaniards all converge. the arrowhead is revealed to be a heart-shaped locket containing a gemstone. the dormant tree blooms under the blood moon. after the jam and locket are inserted into the trunk, lily recovers one flower. during the fight, joachim is crushed and frank's boat crashes into the river, paralyzing him. in the spaniards, lily sacrifices the flower to lift frank's curse and restore his mortality. realizing her true feelings for him, frank, who had planned to end his life, decides to stay alive in order to be with lily. the moon's final beam blooms a single flower, allowing lily to continue her research. the royal society offers lily full membership after their successful return to england, which she declines, and instead guides frank through london. thanks for watching movies in 5 minutes or less. don't forget to subscribe to our channel. till next time, 