this is the water, and this is the well. drink fall and subscribe. just hit subscribe. part 8 of Twin Peaks. the return was a little nutty, and we've got a lot of ground to cover. yeah, I think. yeah, definitely. so we're going to start off with the easy part, which is the beginning of the episode, and then we'll go into the 1945 and further before we get into a couple Easter eggs, a little bit more plot stuff and your comments. okay, so let's go back to last week. not too far bad. Cooper was talking to warden Murphy. he was making his request. he wanted a car. he also wanted a friend in the glove compartment. rated, honor, rated honor. weighted honor. wrong, you lose God dater. first off, we're back to the moving plotline that we came out of part seven with. it seems like we're staying the course. yes. we've got mr. C and Ray in the car. they're heading somewhere that worried about the cops. we see mr. C execute some like tradecraft with his phone. he knows that there are tracking devices on the car. they roll up on a tractor-trailer and text out his mm-hmm. license plate. so like lose their tail. and then he chucked the phone out the window. so far so good, right? ray, chrissakes toward mr. C for some money, before he'll miss information that he's looking for. okay, everything's still going down. the plan passed that. we thought it was going to go right. this is, this is all going according to plan. ray gets out to take a leak. and while he's doing that, we know what's happening next. mr. C is going into the glove compartment. he's finding his friend, Chioda. it's loaded. you checks it. everything's good to go. all right? ray, you're screwed. and then David Lynch turns the car around on all of us. so ray shoots mr. C instead. before he can even finish the jobs, like, he goes in to look put one in the brain. but before he can even get the shot off, we see, just like the herd of black ghosts II people coming in. and that turns into like some kind of crazy ritual. ray watches and shock, just like all of us at home, we have the same base probably at this point. what the hell? during this ritual, we see the black ghost people extract what we will be referring to as the bob orb from the chest of mr. C. now, we don't know if this means that bob is no longer with mr. Cooper, but that might be the case. like now, we might have a new mr. Cooper going forward. you go back, remember when mr. C says in the mirror, here's to us, man. that's good. this may just be mr. C moving forward without Bob infants. we don't know that, know for certain, right? but it also means that all of those sort of plot ideas we had a mr. Cooper sort of planning everything as things have happened throughout the series so far, isn't necessarily lost, ya know, because he's not dead. which is also what I think a lot of us were thinking all the way into the musical scene that followed this thing, about that whole sequence leading up to the gunshot, and II think he's dead. and then it cuts threatened to a Wizard of Oz being dong, the witch is dead. and who playing it? Nine Inch Nails. excuse me, B Nine Inch Nails, the nine man detail. I know I'm the broken record about Mahal and drive, but just a little connection to make there. the theme of the emcee in the nightclub is totally reminiscent Theatre in mall. and if, if this continues, I would not be surprised if we see that guy again. now, the big thing we can take from that too, before we get to everything else that happened, ray talks to the whip Jeffries wine, apparently his voicemail. ray talks to Jeffries. he says that Cooper got some helped him somewhere. so definitely an awareness of not just being freaked out like he he's processing that experience. ray kind of has an idea of the otherworldly situations going on, right? and he even believed it. and he says that, I saw saw penny Cooper. it's maybe the key what this is all about. and I think it's important about that is that it shows that the Jeffries side of this plotline is also investigating and trying to find things out. they don't know everything. and then he brings up that if he's not dead, well, I got another plan for them at the forum. now, whatever that farm is, we don't know just yet. dead dog farm. right? that's the episode. awesome, guys. thanks for watching. so much. make sure we hit us up in the comment section below. and as always, keep it okay. okay, okay, fine. we're going to do it. all right. let's do this. we got to talk about everything that happened, you guys. let's do it. coffee. okay, coffee. okay. alright. so I sit down. this episode can awesome. mr. C Cooper is dead, and now we have 9s meals playing. and then the episode hits us with a flashback. oh no. so right off the bat, though, I'm thinking, now we're definitely tying things into secret history, like, this is the first nuclear bomb test. we know Douglas Milford was there. we're going into some esoteric, like alien and nuclear history stuff. and that is not really what happened. no. and right when you go inside the mushroom cloud, you get particle firework effects. and then this is the moment where David Lynch fans and Twin Peaks fans collide. listen, I love twin peaks', but I'm a huge David Lynch fan, and this was awesome. I loved I actually loved it too. I'm usually kind of a prickly pear about when I feel like there's a no mod happening to Stanley Kubrick, because I'm a huge Stanley Kubrick man. and the first few minutes of this sequence are like straight out of the Stargate in 2001. the Thunder s Peace Corps is reminiscent of that. and also the Penta rescue was used in the shining. so there's kind of, there's definitely like a feeling of omage there. what should be done? I don't think that's true. I think you have very definite ideas about what should be done with Danny, and I'd like to know what they are. recapping this little segment, we have a nuclear explosion that sort of opens up the gate or portal, or whatever lessen the pain and sorrow. we see the convenience store, which may be related to the convenience store that is the portal to the lodge. from there, we start to see that this is maybe more of an origin story about where Bob came from. we've got the Garmin Bob Jay. let's do that again. and then we see the experiment, which we've seen before, and that is spewing the badness out into the world. we believed at this point this is sort of like a bob origin story, because we know that the history of a lot of this darkness goes way before 1945. I don't think this is the origin of the black launch White Lodge. this is the origin, possibly just the evil spewing out into the world after like this, like this specific catastrophic event, which is sort of like the modern part of the story. next we're flying over the ocean, the ocean we've seen before from a previous episode. and we come to a rocky island, on top of which sits a white palace type of structure. and we fly in through a tiny window in that structure. and then we're in a small ring. and who will you see in there? the giant. but again, the name is not the giant. in the credit, it's just question marks, no names. so there's a woman sitting there listening to music. we've got the phonograph. we've also got in the room this large cone-shaped thing that we've also seen before from when Cooper went through from the Red Room earlier in the series. and these are like everywhere in the sequence - there's many of them. so the cone-shaped electric thing in the room is making noise. the woman is just sitting there sort of tolerating it. the giant shows up, he stares off into space for a moment, and then very, sort of slowly and casually turns the thing off and leaves the room. yes, I have to think that's an alarm going off to let them know [ __ ] has gone. yeah, right. because from there he travels at a snail's pace through another part of the building and comes to a movie theater. and in the movie theater, as the screen comes on, we're actually seeing is an exact replay a sort of genesis of darkness that we just talk after. this giant floats up into the air. the woman comes into the room. gold stuff just starts emanating from his head into like a pool above his head. and then out of that pool comes a round orb that floats down to the woman that has the face of Laura Palmer in it. and then she kisses the orb and lets it go. and then it drifts up into like a pipe or Ford of some variety that then turns to face the screen. there's a series of gears and electrical work, and then it passes the orb into the movie screen, and the orb goes to earth. and makes perfect sense. I mean, I I think that, you know, we got a lot of sympathy for having to cover this. but, I mean, so far this is about as straightforward as a plot can be. so a couple ideas about this that I have is that, first of all, I think we're in the White Lodge. I think that, you know, what this does is that this gives perspective to the very first scene of the entire series, where Dale is sitting with the Giant. that's where we get four-30, that's where we get Richard and Linda. and it now creates the possibility for us that that scene takes place in the past, that it's not, it's not directly related to the other Red Room scenes. that just, in almost a whole universe of possibility opens up now because we've been we've now actually got more context to those characters every time you see that room. but it's only in black and white, right? however, when Dale leaves the Red Room and he comes to that mysterious place where we first see the ocean, that sequence is in color. and it's very likely, or very possible, that that is actually a different part of the timeline, depending on how time works in the white lodge. but his experience there with the, maybe ronette Pulaski and the mother banging on the door, is like just another part of time in this place. something else to think about, too, is that now we're seeing, you know, with the presence of that, like, electrical comb thing. and remembering back to major Briggs, his head in space, this adds more to the major Briggs was in the White Lodge and traveling in and out of it over time as well. is this feature, or that you could have been traveling for the light lodge and popped out present day, where he guy's head cut off. right now, who is seniorita Dido? I don't know. they have this mother Levi resolve, we solved the evil experiment, possibly spewing out the creation of Bob. and then we have this senior, the ego spewing out the good to counteract what just happened. definitely, there's a connection there. we see very clearly. this is a response to the evil spewing out. and it's interesting to that it's like this, this starts to give the impression of, like, the cosmic chess game, like they're sending something to earth. but that isn't going to really, like, blossom for another like 30 years when Laura Palmer comes out. so it definitely got this long cosmic game thing going on. I really like that bad orb really is Laura Palmer. that changes everything, right? that totally elevates the role of Laura Palmer in the cosmic scheme of things. and like to say that takes this these interactions to another level. and broken record time. this is similar to how in Mahon Drive, there's a point where you kind of see the spiritual elevation and concept of the two female leads, where Camila's doppelganger and betty or die die. and depending on how you're looking at it, become more clearly just a sort of spiritual part of that universe. and we see that most clearly come through in a theater environment. so that's that part. mm-hmm. now, our flashback goes forward in time. we go from 1945 to 1956. just to plug in here real quick before we get to what happens in 1956 in the secret history of Twin Peaks, we do learn that in that interim period of time, Jack Parsons to douglas milford investigates did go out to the same desert to perform a ritual and to find a gate there. we don't know much more than that, but come up. so it's worth mentioning. okay, so then we fast-forward to 1956, where we see that egg that was spewed out earlier, right? and we get a beetle frog / rabid thing, yeah, that just sort of crawled its way across the sand. data frame. totally horrifying and kind of beautiful creature effects, if you ask me. next we see the black ghost people materialize in the desert and start heading off into the darkness. they come across the road. a couple driving down the highway come across. these black goes to people, and one of them comes up to the car with a cigarette and says, sorry. and now this is where formally introduced to the woodsman character, right? now, they he they speak. yes, we now know that they can talk. the couple wisely gets the heck out of Dodge, and we go over to, now, a kind of almost bitter sweet, innocent, awkward first date I was on, and that whole scene where just walking down the street. oh yeah. she burns the penny on the ground, and it's heads up, and it's good luck. mm-hmm. sure they have a little moment, give her a kiss. he's walked her home. very sweet. very sweet. okay, now we're over to KP JK radio with my prayer by the platters boomin. and the woodsman approaches the radio station, and it starts to get ugly. he goes in there, he finds a woman still asking for a light. just light a cigarette. damn it. does nobody in New Mexico have a lighter. next, the woodsman goes into the booth where the DJ is, asks for a light, and then sort of subdues him while taking over the radio. and from here, we see that there's people throughout the whole area that are listening to the radio, including the girl from the date and people at diner and gas station. and then he says, this is water, and this is no well, drink full. add this and the horse is the white of the eyes and dark ahead. over and over and over again. what this does though is it has a calming, sleepy effect on everyone in town. I don't know what it scared the hell out of me, but everyone else just sort of succumbs to sleep. and the next thing we see is our frog, beetle, rabbit, monster friend fly up to the window of the house, into the house, and then crawl gruesomely, slowly into the mouths of the young girl from the day. that seems to me to see for either Bob or Laura. I'm on the edge to think that Bob. because what you hear at the very end of that sequence, at the during the rolling credits, you hear the static, the electricity be evil brewing inside. absolutely. I mean, I think what we see is that this town is being infested by the evil. and very likely, because we've met these characters, this one is Bob. so the one line, the horse is the white of the eye, then the dark within. you can bring up the white horse that we've seen multiple times in Twin Peaks, right? the white horse is a recurring theme. we saw it when Cooper was leaving the Red Room. we've also seen it way back in fire walk with me days with Sarah Palmer. she saw it just after Lee Lane drugged her. and also a lot of things, the white horse involves elements of drug use and evil feeling. yet. okay, so that pretty much covers the things that go on in the episode. and if there's anything that you guys saw that we didn't bring up here. please leave it in the comments, because it's definitely a brain teaser. we got a two weeks to put an extra episode, so let us know. okay, so now we want to move on to some Easter eggs that you thought that you thought were pretty cool. yeah, the little ones, they're not too big, but they're awesome. so when the woodsman disappears, what do you hear? you divorced from the background. that's awesome. so again, but white horse, again. evils come in. harbinger of death. next up. if you're looking at mr. Cooper's cellphone while he is typing in the license plate of the truck in front of them on the freeway, you see the autocorrect. and one of the autocorrect before he finishes typing in the license plate, is, they got the guy, of course, is famous for some ballerina paintings. and then also, one of my favorite shots season three so far harkens back to one of his paintings. I thought that was awesome. one of the things that we also keep coming back to when trying to figure out things in the series is the card that Bob showed to Daria earlier in the series. and there have been a lot of interpretations and comparisons. it looks a little bit like Cooper when he's coming through the hole in the glass room. it looks a little bit like the al cave ring. and now we've got one more. and now, apparently another link is the mother experiment character that we saw sitting up at Gorman doja or in very similar pose. yes, in a very similar pose. and what's cool about that scene - the arms are bent backwards, so against a a dime's badge back. if you go back to fire walk with me, in the scene where Mike is screaming at Leland slash Bob, he says, and now you look back at the convenience store, what do you see in the window? cans. that's cool. mm-hmm. one last one comes with the woodsman who had a, you know, really sort of Lincolnesque beard going on. well, the actor who plays the woodsman, you can actually hire that guy to play Lincoln. you can book him to show up at your kids next birthday party as Abraham Lincoln, if you wanted to. who knows what Lincoln has to do with this printed story line, but that's kind of cool. well, every hand, Lincoln is a Vampire Slayer. this is confirmed. okay, let's get to some of the comments we got from the audience on YouTube and Twitter. so we got a correction from the end of last week's episode, when someone burst into the diner and screams, it's Billy, not being being Israeli Lynch's character in the episode, right? the producers confirm that there was a typo in the closed caption. and in fairness, I think we just heard what we wanted to hear. it makes sense, in hindsight, to that you would see the the named character finally credited for being a speaking part in the closing title. Robert Ward in the YouTube comments said, the sound and Ben Horne's room from last week, where they were trying to figure out where the sound was, Tibetan Bowl or not, is the same sound made by the arm when he rubs his hands together in the 25 years later. referencing, I think that's actually a pretty good catch. yeah, like, you know, just again, the themes have sound in every episode. it's totally important to be listening as much as you're watching. and it's a good guy. lastly, from the YouTube comments last week, oh-whoa. Yi says, I was quite surprised by the odd hair and poseur demeanor, and was wondering where winch was going with Diane. obviously, anyone who is touched by Bob is very damaged that they survived. the white hair a symbol of being hurt by Bob. I hadn't thought of that, because we've never seen Diane before. we don't know whether she always had white hair, or when she got white hair. and it just made me realize, like Pratt, like she, she could have had the Leland Palmer experience, and we just don't know it yet. lastly, we want to thank us on Twitter, and actually quite a few people on Twitter and in the YouTube comments from last week, for showing support for tackling part 8 of the return because, whoo, howdy. thank you so much. two weeks before the next episode, so we're going to try and produce a cool feature in there for you guys, and let us know what you're interested in looking at. well, let us know if you want to do more deep dive break down into specific characters, appointees, maybe major bridge. let us know in the comment section below what you want to see. as always. guys, later. [Music]. 