hello and welcome to movies in five minutes or less. this is a recap of the 2016 action movie nerve, starring emma roberts and dave franco. warning, spoilers ahead. venus. v is a high school senior and eager to spread her wings and leave staten island. her friend, sydney, sid mentions a game called nerve that is about to launch for the next 24 hours. the game involves watchers and players. the players are given dares to do in exchange for money, while the watchers pay to watch everything happen. sid has signed on to play and encourages v to join her, but she declines. at school, v joins her friends, tommy, live and wes at a pep rally. sid gives liv her phone to record her dare. she joins her fellow cheerleaders and moons the entire school. her dare is complete. sid keeps trying to get v to join nerves. since v never takes risks, they see these crush jp sitting with his buddies. sid decides to go over and talk to jp for her she asks him if he would be interested in going out with v. but jp says she's not his type upset. v leaves and goes home. she decides to sign up as a nerve player and is told the rules, dares must be recorded on the player's phones, and if they bail or fail, they lose their money. also, snitches get stitches. v calls tommy to take her to a diner for her first air kiss a stranger. for five seconds. at the diner, she meets and kisses ian, who dances and sings to v, revealing he's another player on a dare. the watchers dare ian to take her into manhattan on his motorcycle. although uncertain at first, v joins ian on his motorcycle, leaving tommy behind. in manhattan, they are dared to try on expensive clothes. when they go back into their dressing rooms, they find their street clothes are stolen. the next dare for both of them is to leave the store in their underwear. returning to ian's motorbike, they find the expensive clothes for them to keep. a player named ty passes them and comments on their dares. tommy gets in touch with his hacker friend azar. she sends him a code for access to a site on which tommy discovers past videos of ian playing nerve a year earlier, v is dared to get a tattoo, and ian is dared to ride his motorbike through the city, blindfolded at 60 miles per hour, using v to steer his body. once completed, the two kiss and become among nerf's top players. v's mom, nancy, notices that money is being transferred into her and v's joint account. she calls tommy to ask what's going on. tommy, unable to snitch, says v got a job and is having money transferred to her account. jealous of these popularity, a drunk sid accepts a dare at a party to cross a ladder between two buildings. midway through the cross, syd panics and bales, eliminating her from the game. v and ian arrive at the party. sid takes the chance to call v out, leading to a fight between them, leaving sid humiliated. v decides to complete sid's dare, and she walks across the ladder almost effortlessly. v then learns from tommy that ian was dared to go to the party to get v and sid to fight angered. v decides to tell a cop about nerve, but he does nothing. nancy then calls v and says all the money in their account has been taken. now alone. v comes across tai, who says he has to win the game and knocks her out. v wakes up in a container with snitches, get stitches on the wall. she escapes and finds ian, who confesses that he and ty were players whose friend was killed in a dare. ian and tai went to the cops, but nerve ruined their lives and took away his money and his father's job. the three are now prisoners of the game. v meets up with tommy and sid and reconciles with both. she asks them to help her take down nerve. v, tommy and sid recruit tommy's hacker friends to alter the game's online code. but it is impossible to simply shut down nerve as all the watchers phones act as a distributed server. v and e ian make it to an arena for the final round. the dare involves v and ian having to shoot each other. ian tells v to shoot him so she can win. v refuses. tai appears and says he will shoot one of them. v decides to take the shot over ian. as everyone records, she calls everyone out on wanting to watch someone die for the sake of their entertainment. nerve then decides to put v's life to a vote. the majority votes yes for her to get shot. ty fires the gun and v goes down in ian's arms. just then tommy and his hackers modify nerve source code to decrypt the watcher's code names and send them all a message, you are an accessory to murder. all watchers immediately log out, closing down the game's servers and effectively ending it. ian aims his gun at ty, and v suddenly sits up, revealing that she and ty had staged her murder to scare the watchers into disbanding nerve. ian reveals to v that his real name is sam. they share a kiss as the sun rises on a new day. thanks for watching movies in five minutes or less. don't forget to subscribe to our channel. till next time. 