welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka the spoiler man. and with season two of the boys ending on a big cliffhanger, i thought we'd take some time out to properly discuss our theories on the upcoming season. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here in regards to elements of the show and comic. so if you don't want anything ruined, then i recommend that you turn off now. please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video. and don't forget to subscribe to the channel for boys content over the next coming weeks. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our theories. okay, so the first thing we have to talk about is victoria newman. the explosive finale revealed that she was actually the person behind the head popping the entire time. and after re-watching the series, i think it becomes more and more obvious that she's actually working for vort and is simply helping them to play the political landscape so that they can win no matter what. i did kind of go back and forth on this for some time, as there were two ways of thinking with her. with some saying that she was a rogue soup, whereas the other theory is that she was a vote puppet all along. however, i have settled on the latter way of thinking. and due to several clues in the series, it seems like she's bought and paid for. eh. having that now, this is mainly because edgar is always watching her, rather than the news. whenever we cut to his office, reiner states it's a coup from the inside before she gets taken out. and vic only tends to act when vo are in danger of being exposed. it also explains how she got her powers, as we learned from the sage grove center that they were indeed experimenting on people with compound b the comics as well, give us a big clue. and vic the veep, who her character is based on, is actually the former ceo of vort who infiltrates the white house through the position of vice president, before he kills the main man and takes over his job. i can see this being the case in the show too. and we end with her seat in congress being secured, whilst she continues her political campaign. actually think that for the third season, we will get somewhat of a time jump, and may even pick up after a year-long hiatus and see her heading to the vice presidency. the second season ended by feeling like it was somewhat of a conclusion to the main arc of the boys. and though there were still a lot of open-ended elements, i think that the characters do deserve a bit of a break. this will give the characters time to reflect on what's going on, and it also gives fort a chance to rebuild and move victoria up the political ladder. here, she will be able to push compound v to the public, which will then drive up the stock prices of vought in the long run. due to her powers when she's in the position of vice president, she can also take out the president himself and make it look like another attack. that's where i think cindy will come into play. and if you watched our episode 7 breakdown of season 2, then you'll know that we mistakenly believed that it would be cindy who was revealed behind the attack on the hearing. i think she's still out in the wild for a reason. and this will further hammer home the super terrorist threat, which will enable vic to push v even more and raise the stock prices. it seems like it's a great time to invest in vote. now, the boys will obviously figure out that throughout the majority of season 2, they were helping vote the entire time. and this will come as a massive shock to them. i think they are basically the bad guys. and i believe that huey will discover vick's true motives before he gets the group back together to take her and vote down. now with invart, there are also several things that could happen. firstly, from the finale, it does look like stormfront is still alive. i think that she will return for the third season, though not be as much of a focus as she was here. we know from when she had her tats lasered, that she can heal from burns quite quickly, so i do think that she will recover from ryan's laser blasts. i'm not sure if she can regrow limbs though, so if she does return, she may be confined to a hospital bed. i think iacash did a fantastic job in this season though, so if we can't get her back in any form, i'll be happy. now, because of her political leanings, bought are gonna have to do a lot of positive pr in order to get the country back on their side. i think they're going to go a little old-fashioned with it and bring out someone who represents truth, justice and the american way, and being an absolute psychopath, that is soldier boy. soldier boy was actually the first character that i saw confirmed for season 3, and he's going to be played by jensen ackles. eric kripke, the boys showrunner, discussed his appearance and actually gave us some hints of how he was going to be portrayed. in an interview with variety. the creator stated the following, i think anyone expecting jensen to show up and be a good guy, they will be disappointed. i'll say that in the comics he's mostly just kind of bumbling and subservient to homelander. and as we're writing him in this we're getting to really talk about the history of vort because he's like john wayne. he's one of those guys that's been around for decades of vote history. and he was homelander before homelander, so he's from a different era. but he's got the ego and the ambition. it just comes across in a different way, because he's from a different time. now we do have it confirmed that the character will actually be the original soulja boy. i think that vo may have frozen him in order to bring him out for such an event. they will have done this on purpose, a la austin powers, but will likely come up with some marvel-esque story about how he was found frozen on ice, or something along those lines, in case you don't know. would pretty much manufacture all the origin stories for the seven. and at one point, they even convinced the public that homelander was actually an alien from a dying planet, though v is well known at this point, i think they will brush it to the side and go back to trying to peddle these comic book origin stories. and as soulja boy is seen as the first superhero, this will be easier to achieve. now we do know that the gay scene that homelander and soulja boy share will not be in the series. however, kripke did say that it would be replaced by something else that fans will appreciate, and that is herogasm. as for homelander, we know that he's gonna go fully off the deep end. and i can't wait to see what happens with him. ign recently posted an article that stated homelander was going to be let off the leash in season 3 and that he would fully embrace his more murderous mind state. the article has had a lot of backlash, with people saying that he was already like that. and though i hate ign as much as the next person, i have to say that he still has kind of been toned down, as demonstrated by the crowd scene in which he just imagined massacring tons of people instead of actually doing it. season 3, it seems, will be him just going all out. and the second season ended with us really starting to understand why. if you look at things from his point of view, he was betrayed by his own son, who decided to side with billy instead of him. his teammates, namely maven starlight, sold him out and bought tried to take back ryan, so that they had something to hold over his head. all homelander wants to do is to be loved, and thus him getting double crossed by everyone in his life will make him realize that he should just do whatever he wants. now, shout out to the weekly planet podcast for discussing this in full detail. and definitely check that out after this, as they go into a lot more the thinking behind homelanders position at the end, the bloody great blokes as well. so so give them a listen. now, with homelander turning on his own, it's only really gonna lead one way, and that is the death of maeve. in the comics, the character actually kills her, and i can't see that being carried across here, before he returns to his son to try and either repair their relationship or end it completely on his terms. speaking of ryan, it's also possible that the cia may set him up as their own superhero who could fill the shoes of soldier boy further down the line. superhero nexus recently pointed out that, just like how ryan can easily name the us. states, soulja boy does this in the comics too. in the upcoming show falcon in the winter, soldier marvel are going to be introducing a government appointed captain america known as u.s agent. and i think that the cia may do the same thing with ryan. in the comics, we learn that the soulja boy we see is actually the third incarnation of the character so it does leave the door open for others to take up the mantle. the fate of black noir is currently unknown too. and though he is hospitalized, we're still unsure whether he's going to be back. personally, i think he's too good to pass up, as the character is unintentionally hilarious, but also as intimidating as hell when he wants to be. and there's a lot that you can do with him. it does seem like they're straying from his arc in the comic books, but i think they will actually do something with him that was in the source material, that is that he will become an even more zombie-like character who is completely unfeeling. in the source material we learn that compound v can actually be used to bring the dead back to life. another person who's resurrected isn't in the best condition mentally, they are still able to be an asset to vote. i think that noir will fill this role, and he will become even more of an unkillable monster that's completely unstable. i know fans of the comics might be disappointed that they don't stick to the twist in that, but it's so well known in the community at this point, that it's not really going to surprise anyone if it comes true. as for the deep, well, the leader of the church is now being taken out, and i can't really see us touching base with the collective as the deep has now left them. i'm praying we get another season of healing and reflection for him, as i love to get deep when it comes to the deep. and you know what, he's probably in my top three characters right now. and finally, there's huey's mother, who had some lip service paid to her in the show, but nothing that substantial, beyond the fact that she walked out on him and his father when he was six years old. in the comic books, huey was actually adopted and didn't know either of his parents. so the fact we learn about his real mother, i think has been done for a reason. i do think that she will be connected to vote in some way, and that she may have had to go on the run from the corporation, which is why she headed out without really saying goodbye. as we know from how the corporation were with annie, they won't let anyone get away from them if they can control it. and i think that we may discover that they were behind her disappearance in some way. maybe noir killed her. i don't know. but that's our theories and predictions, and obviously i'd love to hear yours. there's no doubt going to be a ton of things to talk about, so make sure you leave your thoughts in the comments section below. if you enjoyed this video and want something else to watch, then definitely check out our full breakdown of victoria newman, which is going to be linked at the end. we go over her comic book origins and role in the show. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. don't forget, we're also giving away three copies of the marvel phase one box set. and all you have to do to be with the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of october, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the john button below. you can also come chatters on the discord server linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been, paul. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 