welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. when Toy Story 4 was first announced, many labelled it as an unnecessary sequel to a film franchise that wrapped up perfectly with its third outing. however, the film definitely deserves your attention. and while seeing things like forky and the trailers may have put some viewers off, I'm pleased to say that the movie is highly enjoyable from beginning to end. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the film, as well as what I took from its ending. this is full spoilers ahead, so if you don't want to know anything about the movie, then I highly suggest that you turn it off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for click in this video. I hope you enjoy it. now sit back, relax, and let's get into my breakdown of Toy Story 4. the film opens in 2010 with Ann Lee playing with the toys and weari watch as he grows up in an amazing introduction that acts as the perfect recap of the franchise. it also beautifully sets up the aesthetic of the piece, which is about losing your purpose due to things around you that you are unable to control. the changing. Woody has been the head of the franchise since it first began back in 1995. however, Toy Story 4 picks up with him pretty much relegated to the back seat with little attention being paid to him. and this removes his purpose in life. woody was created to be loved and to love back. however, with no one playing with him, he really feels like he's lost his meaningful life, and goes around micromanaging all of the other toys. to me, this is a metaphor for retirement and how often we look upon seniors and such as having lost their purposefulness. old people have often lived vibrant lives, however, in their winter years, they may feel neglected and forgotten about. this is the position that would he finds himself in. but rather than being a nostalgic look at the past and the quote, unquote, good old days, Toy Story 4 is more about regaining one's love for life and finding a reason go on. what'ii, though not in the limelight, still wishes to make sure pani is happy. and he facilitates this, until a spanner, or rather, fork, is thrown into the works with the creation of four key, a handmade toy that comes to life after becoming lost on a road trip. what? he makes it his goal to track down four key and return him to body, purely because, you know that will make her happy along the way. what do you rediscovers bo-peep. and she, along with several other toys, have decided to move on and live their whole lives, when he realizes that they are worlds apart now in terms of what they want from life. and it makes woody question whether he is really doing the right thing enough. in the end, what he saves the day, and the majority of the plot wraps up much as you'd expect. however, the movie then diverts away from the norm with the toys being reunited to show that woody has moved on to the next stage of his life. he has discovered new meaning, and says goodbye to the group, going off with Bo Peep to try and find a new purpose for toys that may have lost their way, similar to how he did. what he just wants what's best for the world. and this new quest to find happiness for others at the expense of his own gives him a reason to go on. it's a heartbreaking moment, especially if he follows the franchise since 1995. but it also shows that life is full of ups and downs and that nothing lasts forever, and that we must all go our own way find our own meaning and reason to go on. we are all carving out our own paths and will lose and gain people along the way, but overall, our life is ultimately about what we do and what we make of it. Toy Story 4 is about discovering for ourselves or the good we can do, even when it seems like we have no reason to be here. to me, this is cemented by the newly created character coming in and asking why they exist. and the answer that is given to it is, I don't know. we have all been put on this planet for one reason or another, but at the core of it, we don't really know why. and life is about setting out and finding a purpose that not only means a lot to us, but also others. overall, it's a really powerful message that definitely sticks with you. and whilst I probably still don't know whether we needed to go back at this universe. this sequel still pulls it off in an outstanding fashion. but what did I think about it overall? well, whilst I did really enjoy the film, I think it falls slightly behind the other three in the franchise. that's not to say it's bad, though, and Toy Story 4 still does an incredible job at character building, animation and drama. it's just they set an extremely high bar with the first three films, and then the last one closed the chapter on these characters perfectly. this is still the perfect add-on if you'd like to see more adventures. it doesn't feel like required watching if you're already happy with how the original trilogy ended. but this delivers on the promise of telling an intriguing story. so in the end, Toy Story 4 is enjoyable from beginning to end, and it gets an 8.5 out of 10. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the film and what you took from it, and make sure you let me know if you agree with my score or not. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the leaked Joker plot, which would be linked at the end. it covers all of the new details and outlines of the story. so it's definitely worth checking out after this, which are linked at the end. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 