[Music]. why is your wrist still nude? you need to cover up that skin with a modern timepiece that looks great, feels great and doesn't starve your piggy bank. and all of that is ventura watches. i told you, vincero is dedicated to the high-end craft with awesome, distinctive designs and updating colorways. you're always looking fly. 11 collections for men and seven collections for women. each of them have beautiful designs that you'll love just looking at. that's how i feel about this cairo's blue and black. it's probably my new favorite. fits nice, feels great and just looks great too. it's no surprise how these watches have over 26 thousand five star reviews. and, oh wait, it's valentine's day soon. i bet a ventural product would make a nice gift for that special person. but guess what? there is a valentine day site wide sale going on until the 14th. everything is 15 off and free shipping on all orders. also, as of 2021, there is a five-year warranty and a 365-day return policy. remember that. write it down. if you have to go to venturawatches.com. spooky sale. and immediately, anything sidewide is 15 off because of that valentine's day sale. again, go to venturawatches.com. spooky sale. to take advantage of that valentine's day week, give you or someone else something brilliant and with style, and for an affordable price. let's thank vincero watches for sponsoring today's video. welcome to the breakdown where we break down all the messed up movies. fritz the cat is apparently the citizen kane of adult animation, and is definitely a big inspiration for a lot of adult cartoons around the day. family guy, south park and whatever else. directed by ralph bakshi, we have a crazy animated film that talks about the social climate of the late 60s, having talking animals do drugs, have orgies and start riots in harlem. frista cat. all came from the comic strip authored by robert crum, but he didn't really like the movie at all. now, this movie has very stereotyped characters, so i'll let you know in particular how i feel about certain things. i'm sure you can find this movie on youtube too, by the way, but let's just get through it. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts. stay tuned for the breakdown. the movie begins with three construction workers listening to story time from the pig. here he's talking about breaking your back raising a modest daughter, only to have her do unmodest things later on. whatever. the real view is seeing this animal pulling his whole thing out to pee on those young people who are so full of themselves down there. the whole conversation was recorded by mr bakshi, who talked to some random workers and paid them for their recording. you know, i was in class one day, and this one dude said he would piss in the sink instead of walking all the way down to the bathroom. you know, the bathrooms and the dorms that you have to share. crazy, right? anyway, here's that funky frista cat thing. [Music], hey you [ __ ] intellectuals. you think you're so weird before you fill your minds with any junk and listen to friends or cats. as writers and artists, it's your duty to live the [Music], okay, but what if living life to the most is filling my head with junk? you're chalked you're chalked by. here is fritz, and he's not feeling this hippie protest. he's looking for some girls to talk to, along with his buddies, bunny and pup. but then they see a girl with a big donkey booty. did y'all think it was cap? it's it's all furry booties out here. fritz tries to impress them with his whack song, but he's chalked. they are more impressed by this crow right here, dressed suspiciously. now, the reason they feeling him so bad is because they think he's african-american. they say some things people would find very offensive today, like, i had no idea you people were so civilized. basically, they are virtue signalers who want to seem better than they are, but end up just being as racist as the people they separate from. the guy says he ain't no n word, the hard n word. wasn't expecting that. anyway, fritz gets the girls with him by acting like some famous rebel adventurer or something, and they follow him throughout the city. fritz, he's just trying to get into an orgy, and uses intellectual mumbo jumbo to get the ladies up to his party. people are getting very drugged up up there. what happens next is naked closeness. y'all know what that is. right now, two pig cops pull up, ready to bust that party down. wikipedia says that one of them is meant to be jewish, and we'll see why later. it doesn't take too long till all the homies get high on weed and join in on the orgy, leaving fritz out of it. soon, the idiot cops break in, only to hear everybody getting down and dirty in the toilet room. hey, youtube, do you know what this is? if i show you that, do you know what that is? i really hope not. fritz kills the john, emptying the entire room, all the way into a synagogue. the conversation between these rabbis very hilarious because old people always need glasses. some of this audio is apparently from mr bakshi's father and uncle, who passed away. he's glad to have them in this movie. well, anyway, fritz head out here on the run from the cops. as they look at the droning rabbi repeating scripture, fritz makes his way out of there as the rabbis celebrate, knowing that israel is getting weapons from the united states. i'm so glad i didn't name that bunny and pup from earlier. you will never, you don't even see those cats again. turns out fritz is a student, but he doesn't care about studying. you see this pig? this was almost me, like, all last week, and school just started. like, wow. fritz is hating on them for getting an education. he values experience over years of book learning. no more learning, he says. and the idiot burns down the whole dorm on accident. we get a musical transition with skinny legs here. the big ass feet with them twig legs creep me out a little. now we are in harlem. so african american people are crows in this movie. and i don't really like that. everybody that's black looks the same a crow design. but it's all satire to how people at the time view black people. well, that's one way of looking at it, but that doesn't mean i like it. by the way, mr bakshi went to a lot of harlem bars to write this part of the movie, talking with random patrons. fritz comes out to this bar, talking it up with duke here. deux says, all you cats are the same. you can't understand crow problems unless you live in the shoes of a crow. i'm sure y'all can put two or two together with that one. fritz says he's ashamed of this racial crisis. he's reminded me of them girls in the beginning. fritz calls the bartender, boy like an idiot. oh, man, yeah, exactly. duke, take this uncultured friend out of here before he gets himself killed. outside, the two see someone left their car with the keys in and take themselves for a ride. sooner or later, they crash the car in the ocean. fritz and duke meet up with a famous drug dealer, big bertha here. she really likes white cats, and gets him literally smoked out. with a raging libido, a lengthy foreplay scene commences, but big bertha says he's not black enough. she still gave him some, though it doesn't really matter. soon his high wears off. he goes screaming all around harlem, telling everyone to revolt. you have sweat your lives away for the bosses. the bosses, they ride around in limousines that there's a perfect line that fits even today. don't stand on nobody's car. also, what is timeless is the idiot cops trying to break up the commotion. fritz starting to sound a little bit like, i don't know, vladimir lenin. he gets everybody in the neighborhood to corner the police, but bullets start firing and a riot starts. then suddenly duke gets shot. damn. duke was the best dude in the movie, easily. he was the smartest too. i know he stole a car, but whatever. his death is also the most serious part of the movie so far, and it garners emotion about the kind of thing that black people have to worry about whenever they see a police officer nowadays. so rest in peace to duke. fritz got in over his head and [ __ ] around and got duke killed. he doesn't care. he hides out as a six star level squad of police shoot through harlem. even some black panthers fight back, killing some police themselves. by six star level, i really mean six star san andreas, they literally bomb harlem with jets. the next day, everything calms down. somewhere in new york, fritz has someone looking for him. this is his official girlfriend named winston, and he's been hiding out after the events in harlem. she takes him away from new york, hours away, to san francisco, his new life. winston has her own little theme song during the travel to san fran i find it hilarious how to keep dodging these big ass trucks in a hurry too. sooner or later, the car runs out of gas on the way to san fran they get help from an idiot dog who murders his chickens when they don't shut it up. he does say they gotta wise up. i mean, for like, do you even look at the gas meter when you drive? come on. now, after an argument, frisk just decides to abandon her there. meanwhile, this is harriet and her nazi boyfriend blue, who hates her, as you can guess by cartoon logic. fritz meets up with them and even joins up with them. they meet up with revolutionary john and his living partner. they are planning on taking over a whole city. harriet soon gets into a fight with blue, while fritz is jerking off. of course, hey y'all, this is that like that comment that comment format that y'all love to do on youtube. it's like blue literally beating her to death with chains and playing to sexually assault her. fritz, guys, that's uncool. don't do that. he gets a candle to the face when he actually does argue. but the three hard are harriet right then and there. don't want to say the full thing, because youtube. youtube needs to relax. afterwards, fritz leaves. are there to participate in this dumb blow up a power plant plot. fritz is talking to himself about how loving harriet is while still arming the dynamite. he has a quick change of heart, but was left to die by the lizard anyway. and so fritz tries disarming the bomb, only to be caught in the explosion itself. he says, far out right when it explodes. and it exploded so hard that we went to red dead redemption. soon we transitioned to an la. hospital. fritz, he's in there, but apparently those three girls from the beginning came all the way from new york. then some random nun walks in, giving them a way inside. this nun is actually harriet. but soon this dude, fritz, wakes up. he says, he's been all over this big old world, seen it all and done it all. it was the same speech he used to get those girls to follow him in the first place. and just like that, they have a huge orgy all in the room the end. okay, so now we got through this movie. let's talk about the most disturbed moment in motion. joy moment. and that's spooky stuff. i'll be, i'll be honest. i'm not really a big fan of this movie, but i definitely do see its importance in inspiring a lot of adult animation afterwards. it's definitely a hit or miss with a lot of people. sometimes i see people defending it with very artistic arguments, and others they just don't like it, whether it's the animation or the stereotypes or whatever. the most disturbed moment is when my homie duke died. right next to that is when harriet was hard, hard. but duke's death is very emotional and very scary for a lot of people like me. a film scene that came out literally before my dad was born, is still relevant when it comes to the day. most enjoy moment is probably the ridiculous amount of orgy and drug users that did pass the film. i was just chilling on those scenes. and that's what i expected to see all throughout the movie. i wasn't expecting the racial stereotypes at all. because everybody who critiqued the movie wants to talk about drugs and sex. who cares about that? and that's it. hope you guys enjoyed the next animated film, because it's been a while. i know we do anime, but animation from america has been a long way away. here are some animations for your liking, whether it's america, japan or even south korea. thanks for watching this video and like the video. if you enjoyed, subscribe to stay tuned for more disturbing breakdowns. thanks for watching. spooky out 