welcome. my name is sophia, and now i'm going to talk about the greatest showman in the mid-19th century. p t. barnum and his troop perform a show at the circus. the greatest show part one. as a child, barnum and his taylor father, filo, work for the hallett family. he loves their daughter, charity, who is being sent to finishing school. the two keep in touch through letters, a million dreams, eventually marrying and raising two daughters, caroline and helen, in new york city. they live a humble life. though charity is happy, barnum craves more. barnum loses his job as a clerk at a shipping company after the company goes bankrupt, and returns home for caroline's birthday. a million dreams reprise. he takes out a loan from a bank, deceiving them into accepting his former employers lost ships as collateral. he uses this loan to set up barnum's american museum in downtown manhattan, an attraction showcasing various wax models. initially, sales are slow. on the suggestion of his children, to showcase something alive, barnum searches for freaks to serve as performers for his museum come alive. he gathers a large group of them, including ledy lex. this attracts a large audience, despite protests and poor reviews from james gordon bennett, prompting barnum to rename his venture barnum's circus. searching for ways to further his reputation, barnum meets playwright philip carlisle and convinces him to join his venture the other side. philip is mesmerized by the african-american trapeze artist ann wheeler, but he hides his feelings. during a trip, philip arranges for barnum and his troop to meet queen victoria. afterwards, barnum convinces famed swedish singer jenny lint to perform in america with him as her manager. lin's first american performance as a rousing success never enough. during the song, phillip and ann are spotted by philip's parents as they are holding hands. as barnum gains favor with the aristocratic patrons, he begins to distance himself from his troop as he advises them to work on that night's show. dejected, they decide to stand against their local harassers. this is me. philip and anne attend the theater, but they run into phillips parents, who chastise philip for parading around with the help. anne runs off, and philip angrily berates them, then chases anne and tries to convince her that they can be together, but she rejects him. rewrite the stars. as barnum takes linde on a u.s tour, charity feels isolated from her husband as she stays home with their daughters, taitrope. while on tour, lind begins falling in love with barnum. when he refuses her advances, she threatens to quit and orchestrates a kiss with him at the end of her last show, which is photographed by the press. never enough reprise. barnum returns home to find his circus on fire, caused by a fight between the protesters and the troop. philip runs into the burning building, believing that anna's still inside, and suffers serious injuries before being rescued by barnum. barnum gets word from a sympathetic bennett that the culprits have been caught and that lind has cancelled her tour after her and barnum's scandal. barnum's mansion is foreclosed upon, and charity takes their daughters to her parents home. devastated by his selfishness, barnum retreats to a local bar, where his troop find him and explain that despite their disappointments, they still consider themselves a family that needs him. inspired, he resolves to start a new show and not let ambition overtake his love from now on. philip wakes in a hospital with anne by his side. barnum finds charity and they mend their relationship. barnum is faced with the financial difficulty of rebuilding the circus, but the recovering philip steps in, offering to use his share of the circus's profits to rebuild it, under condition of becoming a full partner, which barnum happily accepts to save money. barnum transforms the enterprise into an open-air tent circus by the docks. the revamped circus as a huge success, the greatest show part two. barnum gives full control of the show to philip to spend more time with his family. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 