[Music]. following a threat of revenge by the revived Emperor Palpatine, kylo Ren obtains a synth wayfinder, leading him to the uncharted planet X eagle. there he finds Palpatine, who reveals that he created Snoke as a puppet to control the first order and lure kylo to the dark side. Palpatine unveils the final order, a secret armada of Star Destroyers, and tells kylo to find and kill Rey, who is continuing her Jedi training under resistance leader Leia Organa. Finn and Poe Dameron deliver Intel from a spy that Palpatine is on vex eagle. ray has learned from Luke Skywalker's notes that a synth wayfinder can lead them there. rey, finn, poe, Chewbacca, bb-8 and c-3po depart in the Millennium Falcon to personna, where a clue to a Wayfinder is hidden. kylo initiates a force bond with Rey to discover her location. he travels to Pisano with his warrior subordinates, the Knights of Ren. with the help of Lando Calrissian, Rey and her friends find the clue, a dagger inscribed with SIF text, which c-3po is programming forbids him from interpreting. and the remains of a jedi hunter named OG and his ship. sensing that kylo is nearby, ray goes to confront him. the first order captures the Falcon, Chewbacca and the dagger. attempting to save Chewbacca, Rey accidentally destroys a first order transport with forced lightning. believing that Chewbacca was killed, the group escapes on OG ship. poza jests traveling takuji me to extract the sith text from c-3po x' memory. the process reveals coordinates to a Wayfinder. rey senses Chewbacca is alive, and the group mounts a rescue mission. while kylo searches for Rey, the group infiltrates his Star Destroyer with the help of Zuri bliss, an old acquaintance of posts. Rey recovers the dagger and has visions of og killing her parents with it. kylo informs her that she is Palpatine's granddaughter. the Sith Lord had ordered og to recover Rey as a child, but her parents hid her on jakku to protect her. general Hux saves poe, finn and Chewbacca from execution. revealing himself as the spy, he permits the group to escape on the Falcon. but, as discovered, intact secured. the group arrives on a moon in the end or system, where Ray locates the wayfinder on the remains of the second Death Star. upon touching the artifact, she has a vision of herself as a sith having tracked them. kylo destroys rays wayfinder and duels her, dying. leia calls to kylo through the force, distracting him as rey impales him. sensing Leia's death, ray heals kylo and takes a ship to exile herself. on act 2. there, luke's force spirit encourages ray to face Palpatine and gives her Leia's lightsaber. ray leaves 4x ago in Luke's x-wing fighter, using the wayfinder from kylo ship. meanwhile, kylo converses with a memory of his father, han Solo. he throws away his lightsaber and reclaims his identity as Ben solo. Palpatine has one of his super laser equipped Star Destroyers obliterate Tajimi. Rey transmits her coordinates to r2d2, allowing the resistance to follow her 2x ago, where she confronts Palpatine. he demands she kill him to transfer his spirit into her. Lando brings reinforcements from across the galaxy to join the battle. Ben overpowers the Knights of Ren and joins Rey. but Palpatine drains their power to rejuvenate himself. he attacks the resistance fleet with force lightning and incapacitate Sven. weakened, ray hears the voices of past Jedi who lend her their strength. Palpatine attacks her with lightning, but ray deflects it using the Skywalker lightsabers, killing him and herself. Ben uses the force to revive her at the cost of his own life. Rey kisses Ben before he dies. the resistance defeat Palpatine's Armada. while people across the galaxy rise up against the first order. the resistance returns to their base to celebrate. after the celebration, Rey visits luke's abandoned childhood home on Tatooine and buries the skywalker lightsabers, having built her own. a passerby asks her name, as the spirits of Luke and Leia watch. she replies, Rey, Skywalker. [Music], you 