okay, so the boys are back in town, and the first three episodes have just dropped on amazon. as i'm sure you can tell, i'm as hyped as hell to get into the series. and throughout this video, we're going to be going over the first three entries and breaking down everything that you need to know about them. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check them out yet, then i highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel as well, as we'll be doing breakdowns on the show week by week, and you don't want to miss any of them anyway. without the way, this is the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host. definition now let's get into the boys. okay, so season two picks up immediately after the events of the prior entry, with this joining the vote board, led by stan edgar. edgar is the ceo of war industries and the man behind compound bees production in america. stillwell, originally reported to him before she met her her timely end. and in her absence, he's came in and taken control of the company. compound v has been leaked to the public, and these opening episodes very much deal with the fallout of the world learning that the good guys aren't actually that good. now i do think that the show is building towards a rivalry between edgar and homelander. edgar actually appoints storm from behind his back. and this it's clear that he views the seven as objects that he can control and manage, rather than actual people that should have opinions and input. juxtaposing this, homelander views himself as the talent that can still survive without the company, which i think will cause a conflict between the pair. i actually think that edgar purposely chose stonefront because he knew that the two would come into conflict with one another, and this would lead to him having other options so that the big boy didn't become more powerful in the company. elsewhere, black noir is hunting down the soup terrorists all the way out in syria. this idea of a super terror villain becomes more prevalent throughout the three episodes, and it's definitely worth focusing on. noir gets badly burned during this, and he could hint at the show deviating from the comics in his true identity. i don't want to spoil anything just yet. but basically, he has the same power set as homelander in the source material. and thus him getting burned does tease that they are taking things in a new direction. next we jump to translucent's funeral. and i found this absolutely hilarious, as is basically a completely clear coffin, which is meant to show the character's invisible body. however, he's not actually there. and there's definitely a feeling that the show has its tongue placed firmly in its cheek. translucent was, of course, blown to smithereens in the first season. but as no one can see him anyway, vort have carried out the ceremony to the public to make it seem like he didn't die horribly. homelander uses his death as a platform to make it seem like translucent wanted the soup terrorists hunted down. but as we know, that wasn't the case. and it very much hammers home the fact that the seven are all about image rather than the truth. we as viewers can see through the entire thing. and there is a touch of irony, as translucent was, of course, invisible, and we could see through him. speaking of the invisible man, have you seen the invisible man you have? what did he look like? anyway, we really see the juxtaposition between the boys and the seven, with annie getting undressed in a luxury room, whilst huey is forced to live in an underground squalor due to being an outlaw. we see the translucent movies discussed by seth rogen, and also witness how billy butcher has been framed for the death of stillwell. this is hosted by chris henson, who isn't having a good time at the moment in real life. and yeah, this part, this part of the show hasn't aged well. but yeah, billy joel's sung pressure plays in the background, and another song by the pop artist pops up throughout the second and third entry. the first song obviously highlights how huey is under pressure, and we see the seven pretty much in all aspects of society as he journeys outside. the second song is your only human and this, of course, highlights the relationship between him and annie. notice i'm calling her annie and not starlight. and this name is purposely highlighted throughout the first three episodes to show that she's drifting more towards being a human as opposed to her persona as a hero. the music video itself also sent his around, joel stopping someone jumping off a bridge as he convinces them they'll get a second win. and this, ironically, comes in the second episode, which sees a real turnaround in the character. another person having a hard time with his life as a hero is the deep. after being ostracized from the group last season, he goes on one of the strangest arcs in the show. there's also mention of the mariana trench. and i think that this might be a call back to aquaman, as he mentions that it's not that fun swimming in it. in the movie, the trench was the point in which one of the movie's most famous scenes happened. and it could be a nod to that, as the deep is, of course, a parody of the character. through this, he's reintroduced to eagle the archer, and we also watch as homelander meets blind spot. now these are, of course, both plays and popular heroes. eagerly archer, though similar to green arrow, is definitely spoofing hawkeye because of his name, captain, captain, obvious here. blind spot, on the other hand, is clearly daredevil. and we learn that the character was chosen because fort are trying to seem inclusive. a lot of corporations at the moment are being criticized for just appearing to be inclusive in order to make money. one of the most notable examples of this, which is often brought up, is disney, who had an entire south park episode dedicated to their actions. disney are openly saying how much they're pushing for acceptance of their characters. and yet, when they marketed the force awakens and avengers end game to china, the promotional material played down the black characters, even reducing the size of john boyega on the poster. it's quite smart commentary, and it doesn't beat you over the head with it either, which makes me think that they're aware of how things are. and just want to say, this is pretty much how our world is, without offering up too much of an opinion on it. homelander basically bursts blind spot eardrums completely and refuses to allow anyone to enter the seven without his permission. as mentioned, stormfront is hired to fill the void. and this, of course, will cause a lot of issues going ahead. stormfront, of course, ticks the boxes of being female. and this is actually a meta joke, as in the comics, the character was a man. gender swapping is also something that's criticized when companies seem to want to appeal to females. and i think that it's quite a smart trick to carry this out. all whilst playing out the trope. they pretty much hammer home the notion that she's a woman, but laboring the point that women are strong, which does hint that the creative team view this tactic as something devised purely for pr rather than being a sincere choice. ayakash, who plays the character, is also jewish. and this casting has clearly been done because the original stormfront was actually actually a bad guy from world war ii. sorry, i can't say what the word really is because of monetization on youtube. anyway, in the source material, stormfront was actually created by the germans during the war and became drafted into their youth program. now, these ties to the second world war are reworked with frederick bought, who we learn was a german scientist that discovered compound v due to hitler supplying him with subjects. hitler was, of course, obsessed with creating a master race of aryan supermen, and vault was at the forefront of this. in the original work, hitler ordered the extermination of stormfront when he was very young. but he was helped by the allies, as was like the vort who, of course, created the character. stormfront was brought into the group, but because of his upbringing, he hated other ethnicities and saw himself as superior to all. his origin story was reworked by vort who promoted him as a viking because of his powers. these powers have carried across the stormfront's tv adaptation, and she has the ability of flight and electrokinesis, which means she can control electricity. i also kind of get the feeling that she's a play on storm from the x-men. but at least she's not doing terrible toe jokes, so i guess she's not all that bad. i'm just kidding. she's terrible. at the end of the third episode, she destroys an apartment complex just to get someone. and you very much get the feeling that she symbolizes that both sides of the political spectrum have their extremists that will do whatever they can just to get a win. there's also a mention of soldier boy in one of the episodes. and as we know, he's been confirmed for the third season and will be played by jensen ackles. soldier boy is basically a homicidal captain america. and due to him being around in the war, it could be possible that he's been frozen, similar to steve rogers, and this will explain how he arrives in the present at the same age. that's just a theory, though. anyway, all this hiring angus homelander, and slowly things start collapse around him. but you know what, deep down, i'm not even sure that he minds the chaos that much. now, billy's worth with the cia gets him out of the hot spot that he was left in last season. but i did feel like what happened was slightly brushed over. and was expecting a bit more in terms of the rivalry between himself, homelander, and, of course, his wife, who he believed was dead. now his wife, becker, is clearly being held captive by homelander, so all of the theories about her being a willing participant do fall apart when we see that she's pretty much held hostage by the antagonist. to me, this is basically a comment on how powerful men often bring women into their lives through the promise of wealth and power, but they then hold them prisoner. a lot of epstein's victims said that he was almost impossible to escape because of his resources. and i think this is really well mirrored in homeland his actions. the pair, of course, have a child together. so not only is there trappings due to his power, but also because of their offspring. it becomes clear that he's only keeping her around to act as a mother for when he's not there. and yeah, their relationship becomes very afraid. now we all know who their son, ryan, sides with, but homeland realizes that he can get a reaction out of him by abusing becker. another big returning character in the series is a train. and you might remember, at the end of the last season, it did seem like he was at death's door. however, here we learn that the character survived his heart attack, but he's still not up to speed. pun intended. he, of course, knows about annie and worries that she will make the money dry up, which he fears. due to coming from poverty, a train has basically been running away from his past, and he'll do whatever he can to not go back there. in the first season, a train was a bit of a jerk, but here we do see another side to him. this is merida in the deep, who gets far more character development and even seems remorseful at points over his actions. i still think he's a douche, but his fall from grace is fascinating to watch. billy's cia contact is taken out by vore in a super shocking moment. i do think that this will sell the agency taking down the corporation at some point. the seven will then be free agents. and if you thought that they were bad before, imagine when they're off the leash. now, the second episode predominantly centers around the boys capturing a super villain. he just so happens to be kimiko's brother, and this sets up a revenge plot when stormfront kills him. as you can guess, their location is discovered, and the deep, trying to get back in the good books, swarms them. but this ends pretty badly with his spear-headed campaign getting spearheaded itself by a speedboat. huey even ends up in the world's stomach. and this is of course, a play on pinocchio, in that the titular character famously ended up in a whale's stomach as he tried to become a real boy. this is probably a reach, but huey very much feels like he's in unreal circumstances, and he's trying to obtain a position of normality amongst the chaos that he's found himself in. huey is a civilian, and throughout there is this motif that is just in over his head. he even almost sacrifices himself in order to allow annie to stay undercover. and yet, the guy's got a lot going on on top of this. the deep very much represents someone who is cancelled for absolutely heinous things that's trying to claw their way back. kevin spacey was probably the first major incident of a high-profile celebrity being completely shut down. and since then, he's tried to pop up time and time again in order to win people back round. like spacey, when the deep does it, it just doesn't work. and he becomes more and more desperate to get back into the public eye. this eventually leads to him hallucinating that the voice of patton oswalt is talking through his girls, and his consciousness gets a personality. oswalt was originally thought to be a character that pretty much had an encyclopedic knowledge of the seven, but i'm glad they did something surprising with him. the deep doesn't see himself as he actually is. and this lack of awareness not only goes to him not giving himself girls and drawings, but also how the world should handle him. he believes he's a hero, but we know the reality of the situation is far different, and that he shouldn't be viewed the way that he sees himself. as he practically sings, you are so beautiful to me to himself, showing that he's accepted no real accountability for what he's done. now, the third episode is really focused on the idea of family. and homeland slash becker's son, and also kimako and her brother. as for the former, i actually have a theory that it isn't homeland as child at all, and that the kid might still be billies, but it was injected with compound b, and thus homelander believes that it's his. i think this would massively mess him up. and we are clearly being led to believe that they are related because of his abilities. however, his nature is the complete opposite to his apparent father. might be true, might not be true, but you know, we have to try and see these things from other angles. we learned that he's been kept in a cage his entire life, overseen by bought and i like his mother, he's pretty much a prisoner. billy goes to the cia, and he makes a deal with the agency that if they manage to bring in a super terrorist, their records will be wiped clean. they discover kimiko's brother, who i'm calling kimmerbro. and their relationship is actually one of the strong points in the opening three entries elsewhere, annie's contact smuggles her some compound b and though he initially seems bad, he's pretty harmless. hey. having that, a train starts to close in on her and threatens to expose what she's up to. but after she reveals that she knows he killed his girlfriend, we realize that he's not interested in the truth, only himself. now, empires are only ever brought down from the inside. and seeing that the pair knows secrets about one another does tease at how the downfall of the seven will be on top of this. we learn why maeve keeps a relationship quiet, too, as we discover that the possessive homelander killed someone for just trying to make a move on her. this, of course, is reflected in becker, who wants nothing more than to have him out of her and his son's life. i think they might actually use ryan as a way to fight the character. and homelander caring for the boy is the [ __ ] in his armor that the heroes won't be above exploiting. however, that doesn't mean that the boys have it easy. and stormfront seems like someone that's gonna cause a lot of issues for them. after stormfront kills kimmer bro. you can tell that his sister wants revenge. however, homelander clearly doesn't like her either. i actually think that he's been keeping billy alive for reasons exactly like this, and that he will, in fact, kill a character, but make it look like the boys did it, so that they take the fall. i think the boys will then use becca to fight back, as it's one of the things that homelander is most possessive over. she's gonna be the main thing that both sides want to get. and this will inevitably lead to ryan being brought to the forefront. we know which side ryan will end up on, but whether homeland elects him or not is a completely different question. billy and co, of course, need to actually locate where he is, and i think the next big mission that they go on will be finding this facility. anyway, that concludes the first three entries. and i know this wasn't as thorough as, say, my love craft country breakdowns, but with it being three hours long, i didn't want the video to spiral into a massive, 50 minute long one where i break down every single scene bit by bit. with the episodes being weekly, though, from now on, things will be a lot more in depth. but i hope you enjoyed it anyway, maybe i'm just being too hard on myself. now, as always, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the season so far, so comment below and let me know. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our breakdown of raised by wolves, which is going to be linked at the end. we're also giving away a free copy of the christopher nolan collection and all you have to do to be with the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and drop a comment below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of september, so make sure you get involved. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat us on the discord server linked in the description, or, heavy spoilers, on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been definition. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 