hey gang. welcome back to our Dungeons &amp; Dragons campaign in Westeros. sup hey. alright. this session we're gonna start right off with a big battle against the army of the Dead. first of all, welcome back to Melisandre. I missed our last two sessions because your cousin's wedding. you can just jump right back in, though. oh, cool. so was I at Winterfell? or let's say that you were on an important journey and you just got back contesting time. so what can I see? oh, nothing. it is the biggest, blackest night you've ever seen. there's nothing but pure darkness. okay, no, just a moving shadows. you smell horses. oh, cool. so I'm around the Dothraki. yeah, all right. so I light all their sword things on fire. casting elemental weapons. elemental weapon. pretty sure. that's just one weapon per spell. I pray to the Lord of lights for divine intervention, I say, for the night is dark and full of terrors. all right. what role of religion? check. well, you like all the Dothraki arts on fire? nice job. yeah, sweet. flaming weapons. let's use I lead the Dothraki into a charge, into the darkness. hold on, Jorah, that's the entire army of the Dead out there. you can't just charge in, you and the distracting, you'll probably all die. no, we have this. okay, sure. why not? you in? the Dothraki charge in. and is ghost with me? why would ghosts be with you? he's Jon's direwolf. mean, ghost, our bros. I give him Billy scratches every day. right? okay, tell you what role and animal handling. check. NAT 20, baby. ah, it's gonna be one of those. ok. for some reason, Jon's direwolf ghost is with you, Jon, you and Daenerys are actually up on the cliff with the Dragons. do you want to fly in and assist the charge now? oh right. what do you do then? as scenarios, if she wants to be on the battle and go, BAM. rule a persuasion check with disadvantage. that's a four. she just stares at you in disgust for the shock. okay. so Jorah and the Dothraki are charging in, and ghosts and ghosts. here's what I'll do. overall to see how many zombies you guys take out in the charge. and then addy 100 to see how many does rocky survive? okay, you guys killed some zombies and three Dothraki survived. total worth it. all right, Arya, you are on the battlements. you just took out those five zombies single-handedly. very impressive. so where do you want to go down bad inside to the library. what? but why? in case there's something going on in there. you know, there's kind of a lot going on out here. yeah, but I feel like the White Walkers might be up to something inside. I want to sneak in and scope it out. if you want. you go to the library and there's eight zombies in there. what are they up to? absolutely nothing. they are just standing around because it's a library and the epic battle is raging outside. barrack, where are you? I guess I follow. are inside, but there's nothing going on inside. oh, well, maybe that's what you want us to think. oh, my god. okay, fine. you go inside to let me do an encounter check for Arya. ha an, entire horde of zombies bursts through the door to chase you. all right, cool. um, I'll say you burst through the door into a hallway, and you find barrack in the Hound barrack. you act first there's a zombie right on top of Arya. okay, sweet. I throw my start at it. oh, I mean, you're close enough, you could just run up and make an attack. I'd rather throw my sword. okay, 15 hits, 10 damage. good job. you killed that one zombie. but in how the rest of the Horde closes in. okay, I can return my sir. you picked it's blocked by a zombie horde. I say we run. yeah, I have the higher armor class, so I'll go behind you. okay, cool. berrak, if you go behind Arya, there's zombies all around. so I'll say, as you guys run, you'll take some opportunity attacks. that's fine. I've got plenty of HP. all right, let me do some rolls. okay, that's for damage. oh, he crit for 12. there's another four and another six. whoa. what's happening? my armor class is 18. now, I know they're only really, well, five damage. four damage. another six. hung bees are there? there's only one more. there's only one more, and that's four damage. well, I'm down. well, uh, that's it though. you guys made it to the Great Hall and managed to borrow the door. and that's actually where Melisandre was hanging out so you can get a revive. um, I don't really have any spell slots to spare, but you must have some left. I mean, I have one left, but I feel like I should save it. well, I uh, failed my first death saving throw. so I'd really appreciate a cure. would just always still have to face the night King. so we'll probably need my spells. then I fill my second death save. you gotta heal me. oh, sorry. well, I'm dead permanently. sorry. screw you guys. alright, brand you're in the godswood, then. my King has just killed beyond and the rest of the Ironborn. he walks up to you. your initiative. I stared him down, trying to intimidate him. um, he's the night king. he's not gonna be intimidated by you staring him down. he might be, mister, pretty hard. look, you're in combat already. on his turn, he's going to attack you. are you sure you don't want to test a spell or something? yeah, I just stare at him. alright, if that's what you want, let's say DC 30 intimidation roll. you successfully intimidate him and he just retreats. six. he stared right back. at you and wonders why you didn't do anything. John, it's actually your turn and you're still fighting the undead dragon. um as Dan, and she wants to bang. she's not even there. kidding, kidding. I have a ranger spell speak with animals, I guess that. and try to go for Dragon to back off. okay, well, first of all, dragons don't count as animals, so even if you know what, never mind. go ahead. give me a persuasion role. nice Dean. nothing happens. okay, now over to the night King. he draws his ice sword. you skipped me. oh, I guess I did. um, you were sneaking through the castle. where are you headed? I stealth towards the godswood. see your speed. it looks like you're basically right outside the Goblet. so you'll be in next turn. okay, now over to the making. wait, I think I have an ability. let me read this. I want to use my rogue cunning action to dash to the night King and attack. oh yeah, that's it's actually a great idea. you'll have to bring stealth, so you won't have advantage on the attack. but because he's focused on brand, you can still add your sneak attack damage. sweet with modifiers. that's a twenty. non-natural. ah doesn't quite do it. what he's the freaking making. he's got really high AC and now on his turn. wait, I have two weapon fighting. uh, true. but you dropped your spear things back there. I don't think you have a second weapon at the moment. what if I drop my dagger and catch it with my other hand? oh, that's actually really cool. I'll say, if you can pass a DC 15 dexterity check, I'll let you take an attack with that hand. 17, roll your attack. you just crit on this guy. you stab him right in the chest. roll your damage. yeah, double that - because he's vulnerable to Valyrian steel. then my sneak attack is 5d6. what, holy crap. you straight-up assassinate the night king in one shot. well, when you kill him, the whole army of the Dead explodes. so the rest of you dummies are actually saved. I find Danny. I pretend it was me my coven. I came. if you can pass a deception check, she will agree to paying you right now in the Winterfell courtyard, but she's still over with Jorah. Jorah, you still have a death saving throw, and that will be my third fail oh, well, you're dead. [Music]. 