in 2089, archaeologists alizabeth shaw and charlie holloway discover a star map in scotland that matches the other several unconnected ancient cultures. they interpret this as an invitation from humanity's forerunner, the engineers. peter weyland, the elderly ceo of mainland corporation, funds an expedition aboard the scientific vessel prometheus to follow the map to the distant moon. lv223. the ship's crew travels in stasis while the android david monitors their voice. arriving in december 2093, the mission director, meredith speaker, informed them of their mission to find the engineers and not to make any contact without her permission. prometheus lands on the baron mountain surface, near a large artificial structure. inside they find stone slanders and statue of humanoid head and the decapitated cops of large alien thought to be an engineer. shaw recovers its head. crew member will burn and fifer grow uncomfortable with the discoveries and attempt to run to the prometheus, but but become stranded in a structure where they get lost. the expedition is cut short when a stone forces the crew to return to the ship. david secretly takes a slender from the structure, while the remaining slanders began leaking a dark liquid. in sheep's lab, ingenious dna is found to match that of humans dna. david investigates the cylinder and the liquid inside it. he intentionally taints a drink with the liquid and gives it to the unsuspecting holloway, who has stated that he would do anything for the answers. shortly after xiao and holloway have sex. inside the structure, a snake-like creature kills milburn and sprays across the fluid that melts the five fields helmet. five field falls face first into the bottle of dark liquid. when crew comes back to the structure, they find mill burns is dead. david separately discovers a control room containing a surviving engineer in stasis and a large, 3d holographic star map highlighting earth. meanwhile, holloway gets sick rapidly. he is rushed back to the prometheus, but wicker refuses to let him aboard, and at his urging, he burns him with that with the flamethrower. later, a medical scan reveals that shaw, despite being previously infertile, is now in advanced pregnancy. fearing the worst, she uses an automated surgery table to extract a speed-like creature from her abdomen. shaw then discovers that valent has been in status about the prometheus. he explains that he wants to ask the engineers how to prevent his dad from old age. a monstrous, mutated fightfield returns to the prometheus and kills several crew members and gets killed prometheus. captain janet speculates that the structure was an engineer military base that lost control of a virulent biological weapon, the dark liquid. he also determined that the structure houses a spacecraft. new land and a team returned to the structure, accompanied by the shop david wakes up the engineer from the status and speaks to him in a totally new european language in an attempt to explain what villain wants. engineers responds violently by decapitating, damage and killing the weyland and his team before reactivating the spacecraft. meanwhile, shaw flees spacecraft and warns yannick that engineers planning to leave the liquid on earth, convincing him to stop the spacecraft, yannick and the crew sacrificed them by ramming the prometheus into the alien craft, ejecting a lifeboat in a process. while vickers flees in an escape pod to save her life. engineers, disabled spacecraft crashes onto the ground, killing wickers. char goes to the light board and finds that her alien offspring, his life, has grown to the gigantic size. david's still active headphones show that engineers is coming for her. the engineer forces open the lifeboard's airlock and attack star, who releases her alien offspring onto the engineer. that alien offspring thirsts onto engineer's throat, and, using shaw records david's remain and with his health, launches and other engineers spacecraft. she in an attempt to understand why they wanted to destroy humility and why they created them in first place. in lifeboat and alien creatures burst out of the engineer's chest. [Music] 