Welcome to the breakdown where we breakdown all the messed-up movies! Last Monday you all voted for Gerald s Game, and so . What do you think I m stupid?!? Script KIDDIE! 4000 people did not vote, someone just botted in votes so that Threads would win Even though it was at the bottom. I was watching the poll pal! The funny thing is that Gerald s Game still won. We will get to them all, don t trip! Gerald s Game is the film adaption to the Stephen King novel long thought best read.  Jessie and her husband Gerald are ready for a romantic weekend secluded away. Truth is that these two have not done anything together in months, so some handcuffs might spice things up! It would be a shame if something were to happen to Gerald, leaving Jessie locked to the bed! Would it be a shame though? Maybe this is just what Jessie needs to confront the pains of her life! This movie is easily on Netflix so if you want to watch it yourself, go right ahead! If you want to see what happens, including all the messed-up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown! Cue the Gohan!  Bring it on home! That is the song playing in the beginning! A lady is packing her bags along with her husband! Handcuffs going in too! If police don t have them, then they must be for knocking boots (having sex)! They drive through a beautiful forest. It reminds me of the drive the family did at the beginning of Funny Games! She s a pretty lady too, her name is Jessie. Maybe she had a few spy kids in a previous marriage. She doesn t like that song playing, Bring it on home! You can sense a little baggage she is constantly carrying! Gerald! Watch out for the dog! He must really be thinking about playing that game of his! This dog is starving, eating an opossum. That dog look like he is visiting Earth. Anyway, the couple reach the cabin. She goes walking around the beautiful scenery! Man, as you get older, you can t beat this. Damn, refrigerator pre-stocked! She sets out some meat for that stray dog, but he s not really around right now! Gerald takes his first Viagra for the day meanwhile. Oh, never mind that dog is here. Walking up kind of scary! Gerald scares the mutt away! It s time for some fine lovin ! They rush inside for sex but they leave the door wide open. She gets into her new gown and takes the tag off on the shelf above the bed. She wasn t expecting real handcuffs and is attached to both bed frames. This is the first time they are doing something like this btw. She also wasn t expecting Gerald to start a rape fantasy roleplay. It s a little tough for her to get into the roleplay and she has to fight him off. See y all should have organized a safe word first! Either way, she doesn t like this at all. They get into an argument. This visit was to try stuff out, make things more exciting after he doesn t touch her for months. When they finally do something, turns out he has some weird rape fantasy. Seems its getting pretty common though, but you gotta communicate.  She asks him to unlock the cuffs but he keeps going! She s gotta kick him away at some points! We were happy once , but right before he keeps talking, he s in huge pain! He can t even do anything but fall out! Gerald s having a heart attack! Gerald dies leaving her locked to the bed with no escape! A sex nightmare from hell! Gerald is dead ma am! Dead! You better do what George Costanza did, because it looks like you ll be next in line!  Jessie is hoping it s a joke, but its really not. He s already at the pearly gates by now. He hit his head on the way down, confirming he s dead for real! She s like Oh eff! at this point! Hours start to pass! Gerald is dead on the floor, but she hears something creeping outside! You can recall that they left the door wide open! So, whatever it is feels invited! Pitter patter, pitter patter! It s that stray dog from earlier, looking for seconds of that meat! Jessie is pretty sarcastic in this situation. Peter Parker level quips while locked up. That stray dog is so hungry, that it literally bites chunks out of Gerald s arm before running away! It boldly eats the chunks of Gerald right in front of her! But then this dude Gerald gets up! Wait! Gerald was alive all along? He s responding to the bite but he should be in a lot more pain!  But then suddenly he s blaming her for the dog coming in. This is Beating Yourself Up 101! Nobody criticizes themselves better than themselves. When you have as much baggage as Jessie, it becomes a huge issue. Jessie is viewing hallucinations of Gerald. So yes Gerald is dead, but this Gerald who continuously talks to her, often in a degrading way is called Inner Gerald Its almost like a mean therapy session. Using him to beat herself up and also realizes things about Gerald that she often ignored. Like for example maybe Gerald only thought women were good for one thing. That s putting it in a PBS kids way. He also taunts her situation to make her feel hopeless. Or did he! Suddenly she squeezes her hand out of the cuffs, getting right up to bread that bed frame off and free her other arm! Wow that was easy! Not! Jessie just hallucinated herself breaking free! This is Inner Jessie. Now both Inner hallucinations are arguing with each other! It becomes more than just escaping from a sex misadventure! Jessie is going to be doing a lot of confronting today as life is on the line!  She s got about three days at best! Talking with Inner Gerald bides the time as they go through the ups and downs of their sex life. Who exactly did I marry was a question made when she realizes he could only get it up when he chokes her and stuff like that. Wait, that s not the only way he got hard! He also used those blue pills! With a sip of water! She realizes that he left a glass of water on the shelf above the bed and carefully gets it off. Sucks that she can t take a drink, so Inner Jessie tells her to put it back up for now. Wait the dog! Dang that dog is hungry again! It s really biting at Gerald Then Inner Gerald helps her realizes that she put the tag of her gown on the bed shelf too. She grabs it hoping to use it as a straw to get a drink. Very good thinking! Looks like he s good for something! Jessie leaves some for later, and the inner couple guide her to sleep for the next day of survival!  As she sleeps, something is creeping through the house. Whatever it is, the dog is scared out of the building! Jessie wakes up seeing that dog is replaced by a tall creepy figure! Who is this scary man with his chest full of bones and booty! Inner Gerald tells her that maybe he isn t real, maybe he is, but he is the Moonlight Man! The representation of Jessie s approaching death! Inner Gerald calls her Mouse at one point though! Why Mouse?  She then slips to sleep. See, when Jessie was just a wee lad, her father called her Mouse. At one point in her childhood, her family went on a trip out to a lake house. Instantly we see the father views Jessie differently than his other kids. The entire family goes out on a boat leaving Dad and young Jessie together for eclipse viewing. This is already getting awkward. A little too old to be sitting on her dad s lap who wants to relieve the old days. Bring it on home plays during. Then Jessie s father starts jerking off while she s sitting on his lap. She wakes up from this abuse nightmare! Jessie has horrid burning cramps in her arms They need circulation! Thanks for being so supportive Inner Jessie! The Inner couple bring us more into the abuse from her father. They say a lot of people base their romantic partners on their parents so Gerald probably fits that dynamic, but do you see that big ass footprint! That s no hallucination! Is it? The Moonlight Man might be back tonight! Jessie soon gets into another nightmare flashback, right after he masturbated to her. Her father apologizes and says they should tell mom what happened. That s not what I was expecting the father to say! Mom will definitely blame her for it since she s not a big fan of her for some reason. Seems like he kind of manipulated her to come to the choice of not telling anybody but either way Jessie wakes up from this nightmare with The Moonlight Man licking her feet! Turns out in reality it was just the dog! It bites her feet before she kicks it way! Tearing off another piece of a nice Gerald cut.  The dog is going to want fresher meat soon, so she better do something before that dog smells weakness. This second day of captivity is almost over! Inner Gerald starts creeping her out again! Scaring her by saying she ll be a cold stank corpse with a missing wedding ring with a bone stolen from her foot by the Moonlight Man. In another dream, Jessie has a quiet encounter with herself when she was young. Young Jessie tells her to remember! Don t remember the eclipse or the sun, remember what happened after! Well after her and the father had that talk, dinner goes weird when Jessie crushes the glass in her hand. She is wounded but that event gave her a painful way to get loose from the handcuffs. It s gonna effing hurt! Jessie and her Inner Self become a mirror at this point as they both agree that whatever Jessie is thinking, it could work. Jessie plans on cutting her wrist horizontally, using the blood to slip her hand out of the cuffs. She knows that the wrists have fewer nerves and it ll be slick. She knows a lot about cutting wrists. Okay so fair warning this next part is going to be pretty harsh for the eyes. Ironically, this level of metal gore made me flinch more than Rare: A Dead Person did. Now once she starts she has to finish it. Jessie grabs that glass and breaks it like years before, but sticks a shard into the wood. She then uses to to slash her wirst. It hurts a lot and she s not even feeling that much! She cuts through the skin, and starts pulling her hand out of the cuff! The cuff starts degloving her! Literally pulling her skin off her hand! Yanking and yanking until finally getting it free! That actually disturbed me pretty good. That s the kind of stuff I remember years later. Finally, free by one hand, she uses her foot to grab the phone, but its dead!  She carries the bed over to the counter and uses the key to get herself free! Clap It up for Jessie for making it out! Good work not dying! Right after wrapping her hand up, she falls out from the pain and blood loss. She wakes up to the dog biting her, but she shows the dog who s boss! Gerald just been a dog treat the past two days. Anyway Jessie unlocks the car and is almost out, but sees the dog freaked out. Turns out it s the Moonlight Man! Jessie confronts him saying he s only made of Moonlight and gives him her wedding ring so he leaves him alone! I don t think he s really made of Moonlight. Alive and free, Jessie drives off in the car saying one last goodbye to Inner Gerald. She proved him wrong a lot tonight.  Jessie is crashing hard though, but she has a mental escapade, eclipse edition! The Moonlight Man calls her Mouse in her ear, but in reality, Jessie passed out behind the wheel and crashed into a tree. Luckily, she s still alive and some people in a near by house rush to her help! Jessie is finally safe, but The Moonlight Man is following her home. Just a constant reminder that all she really did escape was from the handcuffs. As months pass, Jessie starts writing a letter to her young self Thanking her for helping older her escape the shackles of silence and comfort. With the insurance money from Gerald s death, she starts a foundation for abused children like her, and isn t silent about what happened in her childhood anymore. Still, the Moonlight Man haunts her every night That is until someone named Raymond Andrew Jourbet is arrested. Jourbet is a crypt creeper, someone who vandalized graveyards and stole jewlery from corpses, along with their eyes, noses and ears. Not to long before he started having sex with male corpses too and then he transitioned to the living. Jourbet suffered from acromegaly So you know, he had really large hands and arms, a forehead almost as big as Berleezy s, that kind of thing. The police found his sister and her husband scalped and cannibalized, along with a collection of body parts that would make Ed Gein proud. So in other words, the Moonlight Man that Jessie saw while trapped was an actual serial killer that had snuck in the lake house. Its just a big coincidence that a serial killer happened upon a woman trapped in handcuffs but Jessie assumed he was fake like almost every other thing she saw. Well that Moonlight Man has been haunting her for 6 months, and she finally thinks its time to confront it all through him.  Jessie interrupts the trial of Jourbet..who turns around saying You re not real, you re only made of moonlight! Mocking Jessie from 6 months ago. He literally breaks his confines! Despite the entire court shitting its pants, Jessie confronts all the pain through him! Her father, Gerald and then the Moonlight Man! You re so much smaller than I remember she says! The movie ends as Jessie walks out of the court, sliding her sunglasses on about to go make a few million dollars, no eclipse in sight! This is how I Spit on Your Grave should have ended! Jessie had that strength all along, and I m happy she created the opportunities to help herself all throughout this movie! I wanna be like her when I grow up! Now that we ve gotten through Gerald s Game lets talk about the most disturbed moment and most enjoyed moment in that Spooky Stuff! Cue the Gohan!  I ve been waiting to watch this movie! FoundFlix sensei and spookyastronauts sensei s videos just had me itching to watch! There are some differences from the book, but the movie is a nice adaption for sure. One of my favorites to watch! The most disturbed moment is easily Jessie escaping by degloving her hand! Gah lee, you d think watching Death Documentaries would make me flinch as much as did scene did! They did great with this scene, and I m going to remember it for years! Most enjoyed moment is without a doubt the ending as Jessie walks in the middle of the effing street scared of nothing! and sunlight beaming on her. Happy ending, plus you could play a whole Mission Complete sound effect over it. And that s it! This Friday I ll be uploading the next episodes for Another, and the anime will be finished by next Monday! Also next Monday I ll be uploading American Mary, the true second most voted film! Some other good films this reminds me of is films by Lars Von Triar, so try out The House that Jack Built! A film about the inner workings of a serial killer! Also check out Bedeviled, aka Bok-nam Rises! Bok-nam is one of my favorite characters ever! Thanks for watching, Spooky OUT! 