listen, I'm pretty new to this magical franchise, so, you know, I don't have that bias like a lot of people did growing up with it, with it being nostalgia. but thanks to Skillshare, I've literally spent three weeks straight in the Wizarding World, re watching these movies. I have a whole video on the ending and its theories already up. might have one covering the Boy Who Lived coming up. but as much as everyone seems to love the original series, I'm kind of surprised by the reaction the new ones are getting. I don't know if it's because it's 2018, but I've seen some people turn into fantastic beasts yelling about this new series, online and in real life. and considering this thing is supposed to have a five story arc and we're barely on number two, it sounds like people are trying to make this the next divergent for the next yandi, trying to give it the solo effect where it ends the rest of the prequels. but even with all of its crimes against the franchise that I will be covering, I think there's some stuff to like about it. let me explain. so starting off with spoilers for the first one, we follow new - student mumbles, more than a soundcloud rapper. he got kicked out of the school as he's always collecting these fantastic beasts, and he's pretty much a part of the wizarding PETA. he ends up in America, where he's trying to catch his magical Entei, when he loses a Psyduck and ends up getting arrested by an undercover wizard. obviously, Tina isn't gonna be the next Hermione. but, you know, I think she's adorable. here. does look like a watercolor brush from third grade, but look at those cute little beady eyes, like a salamander. I think the problem people have with the first one was the shift between the UK. setting and now it being in America, which is obviously going to give it a different feel. this time, you took care of the nomads. what? they're no match, no magic. they're not on wizard. sorry, we call the muggles. well, I think it would be cool to have different mini series that take place. you know, they have enough world buildings so that we can have an American Hogwarts, a Canadian Hogwarts. you know, I would love to see Mexican Wizards making cotton Asada's and cooking hogs with words. but if Kingsman can do it, y'all have a way bigger world to do that with. afternoon. you would think that once he befriends this human from Mouse hunts, that he would have an easier time catching these animals. but these to rule New York like it's a Marvel movie, until they both find themselves in a fine frenzy. he was thinking, first time they see me, that'll make you forget all this witchcraft you've seen. now, if y'all thought Eddie Redmayne was good in a theory of everything, wait till you see my man get out of the wheelchair and, uh, do whatever this is. he's catching all these animals, until he gets caught and gets accused of being the culprit that's causing all of these disasters in America. see, the people of New York are tweaking because they feel that there's these demonic chemtrails out there. there's this whole establishment treating these kids like Cameron Post because they believe them to be possessed. they're hitting them with their own damn belts. as someone who grew up getting hit with la chancla bra. this is on a whole nother level of crude, I guess. so the point, I'd rather be as Sabri knows which school that went this be started appearing everywhere. so Colin Farrell's graves gets put on the task in investigating Grindelwald and his crimes. and when der waals, this dude who was mentioned briefly in a deleted scene from the first Harry Potter movie, he's like the OG Voldemort who carried out the first Wizarding war against Dumbledore, and he's kind of supposed to be the danos of this five arc series. once a human politician dies, the magical Congress ends up blaming it on Newt, saying that one of his animals did it, when in reality, it was a stain called and obscurus. if you ever seen any action movie, the thing is practically the Phoenix that takes over, which is really funny when you see how a Phoenix connects things later on. but it's this parasite that takes over a young wizard whenever their powers get suppressed, whenever they're going through a bunch of traumatic events. not even met a girl who had one in Africa, and even though the little girl died, somehow that thing didn't Eddie Brock anyone else. and he's able to lock up the venomous spirit in this briefcase to observe it. however, my man can't say that someone planted it on him, so they sentence him to death, thinking that it really is him. and they're about to be demolished before his little Groot is able to get them out of there. Queenie is able to also rescue them, and she smuggles a muggle and uses the greatest spell of them all, sex appeal. Roger Miller is playing sad Ezra Miller. and he's this orphan that gets abused so much that he makes harry's intros look like a vacation. everyone's talking about his sister perhaps having the obscuri 'l that's causing all these disasters, when they really needed to be talking about credence. grace is trying to get him on his side for some reason. newt is trying to relate to him. but after all this antagonizing, credence goals full venom and wrecks like half the city before dying. Gregson gets super pissy and tries to leave, when newt captures one more beast, and it ends up being Johnny Depp. at the end of the other one, they neuralyzed everyone with the rain. so you know, New Yorkers were right. there are some damn chemtrails here. Johnny Depp, who's committed more crimes than Gellar does. and this one goes to jail, but obviously escape since he's got a contract till the fifth one. and then we end up following like six different storylines. there's Newt who's trying to find Tina after she believed he was getting married to Letta Lestrange. Letta who's actually getting married to newts brother, which is bogus as hell. newts brother, Theseus and the rest of the pillars crossing of magic who are hunting down Grindelwald. Grindelwald who's out with his olive oil partner, killing babies as he tries to find credence. credence, who's out looking for his mama. I you my mother, he said to the hen a young Dumbledore, who is Jude Law. just gonna put the word young over all his roles, even though my man is forty-five years old. now, majority of the movie is people either trying to find Gellert or credence. and I can see why people look down on all of the random stuff that happens in between. I use this whole 51st rape thing going on with Queenie that came out of nowhere, like, you ain't got to put a spell on this dude for him to love you, right? he's, he's obviously yours. and yet she's trying to dupe him into marrying her, even though it's illegal to do it in America, and for whatever reason, they don't go to the UK, where I'm pretty sure it's fine. but worse than that is later on in the movie, when the one person who can read minds gets duped into following the bad guys. like at the end of the movie, she ends up joining Grindelwald, even though the whole reason she was siding with him was because she wanted to marry her boo, who she just left behind. what a lot of people have also complained about the random fanservice in the films. which, you know, considering I don't have that deep of a nostalgia for it, not all of it bothered me, you know, I like the bits where the dude who made the Sorcerer's Stone appears. he was funny. and, you know, seeing the Sorcerer's Stone for a bit, I thought was cool. but I kind of get the things around, like Nagini, like, in the original series, this was just Voldemort's snake that he carried around with him since it was his Horcrux. and now all of a sudden she's a human. that's cool, but, like, why does the snake get more screen time than the human? there's also the gotta go cambio, which is confirmed by the press release. so, you know, those who think it might be the mom or an answer, a clone, now it's the main one. but what's weird about that is that, if we're taken with the book state, she would have been born in 1935, and this movie takes place in the 1920s. could they be switching out the lore or changing it for the movies? probably. or, you know, maybe she's using that time Turner thing that she gave Hermione, and she's just always going back to the future. but probably the funniest ones, the ones that I'm not even mad at, but I know some fans are furious about, are all the ones that deal with Dumbledore. he has this dark past in which he flirted with Grendel, false ideology. I am positive that there was a mutual respect of one another's abilities. and I'm sure, especially with Grindelwald or jealousy. so it may be a bitterness from having such love and respect. JK and Depp are just skirting the game. is like when you reveal to your fan base that the greatest Wizard of all time has locked wants, and then you suppress that hype from them in the movies, even though they've been waiting to see it. boy, your fans are gonna get possessed with their own obscure iou's like they legit, made a Blood Pact in the movie. they even tell Dumbledore that they were like brothers, and he's like, we were more than brothers. but then it's like, it almost felt like he was gonna follow that up with a, but no homo. though I don't know, maybe all of this will be revealed later. I just think it's hilarious how the fans have gotten on edge because they've been promised this. meanwhile, the studio is like, I don't know if we have the balls to do this in Walled. pretty good question. he says, Grendel Volta, my sake. Randall wolf, I dive straight in, calling in Grindelwald. okay? assuming, because I had this very good friendship with him, that I got it right. and I said, he just poor Eddie Redmayne, who plays obviously the great news commander, pointed out, offered through the film, he said, like, all in Grindelwald, but it was too late. this one, however, I think is hilarious. y'all got a billion-dollar franchise and no one corrected the man playing young Dumbledore that he was pronouncing a character's name wrong. like, yeah, at the end, it ends up working now, right? because it is a German name. but Judah legit admitted he had screwed it up. however, if you've been following your boy Jude Law since the early 2000s, you know this guy is quick and slick with his alibis, I think because, you know, Albus knows him well. and at some point, Galaga, can you please call me Grindelwald? I'm sticking at that dumb bull damn still has it. I'm not even gonna mention the Johnny Depp debacle, because I feel like everyone already knows that stuff. I will say that I thought his performance was alright, and maybe that's because of the depth to it. like Grindelwald is supposed to be so bad that he got kicked out of the school that's known for siding with evil. so that's like to the point where if the Vatican called out one other priest, then, you know, they did something crazy, even though he's a bad guy. I'll be honest. it's something that I'm gonna be talking about with Voldemort as well. these villains are smart. like this dude's rallying speeches, which, you know, I get the correlations, but they're damn near enticing everyone to join. the fact that he has one full lie, yet almost never blinks his creepiest how this dude created his own Jail, which is some good fella chess move right there. but probably the biggest trick of them all is the ending revealed that he delivers when it turns out that Creedence is, in fact, Dumbledore's brother, Dumbo. what? thank you guys for checking out this video. like I said, I posted earlier a whole video talking about the Dumbo foolery and the ending. and all the theories leading with that. so you could definitely check that out right here. but I want to give a big thanks to Skillshare. we got a link down below where you can sign up and gain access to thousands of creative classes, especially those dealing with YouTube, editing, filmmaking, a bunch of that stuff. and while I can't personally promise Skillshare courses on Wizarding spells, they are hooking it up for the first 500 people who sign up down below with our link, and you'll get two months of Skillshare premium for free. even more than that, though, I know that we've been getting a lot of people who want to take like editing courses and stuff. so we're going to be providing a lot of the LME P and G's that a bunch of you have been asking for, that you guys have been requesting. that way, when you take your Skillshare courses, you can have this element pack to edit an ala me short film. some of y'all have already sent me some fanfiction. and hopefully y'all keep it family-friendly. but it shot up the skill shirt because they really are great service that you can use anywhere. they've been a big help to this channel, and signing up for free right with the link below, helps boost that as well. but let us know your thoughts down below on this video on your thoughts on the movies. I'm curious, do you guys like the first better than the second? do you guys really think that these movies are getting worse? or are you still loving the franchise? let us know your theories, your favorite characters, all of that down below. and until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a scholarship to Hogwarts. 