[Music]. welcome to storeflix. in this video, we will explain beyond the reach. this movie tells the story of a naked and unarmed hunting guide who runs from a wealthy hunter. what's the mystery behind the old man intention? let's find out and beyond the reach. beyond the reach tells the story of ben, a young man who lives in a caravan with his girlfriend, laina. then had just woken up when he found his girlfriend was not by the side. he then gets out of the van and sees laina staring at the windmill. lena tells ben that she wants to leave the desert where they currently live, and move to the city center to study at a university. ben supports elena's decision, then gives his girlfriend a firearm if he is not by her side to protect her. later, reluctantly left her boyfriend and drove across the desert in a jeep. ben is a professional guide for hunters who want to wade through the desert near the small town of mojave. after elena leaves, the local sheriff calls ben and says a man needs his services. ben goes straight to the sheriff's office and meets a middle-aged man named matic. his prospective client. medic turns out to be a millionaire and dares to pay ben a thousand dollars a day. ben did not waste this very tempting offer. he immediately agreed. not only the high pay, medic is also prepared a special off-road vehicle for five hundred thousand dollars, which is sophisticated and equipped bend with long barrel weapons that other hunters do not commonly use. ben and matic then made their way down the barren area around the large clips of shiprock. on the way, medic suddenly fired a random shot, which then led to the assumption in ben that medic had no experience in hunting, because the rich man did not understand the rules about hunting in this area at all. then then asked medic to show his hunter license card, but instead, he took out a few dollars and handed the money to the young man as wages outside of his daily pay. usually ben refuses to guide ignorant amateur hunters, but because he has already agreed to become medics guide, he accepts his money reluctantly as compensation for keeping his mouth shut because medic doesn't have a hunting license. ben and medic finally arrived at a large rocky hill. the two of them climbed the rocks, observing the situation on the cliff next to them. there was a slight movement in the trees on the cliff. then told medic to wait patiently while he surveyed the situation through the binoculars. then was trying to determine if it was the desert sheep they were after or some other animal. but it was medic who couldn't wait to shoot at the top of the cliff without checking first. medic was sure that he had shot a rear desert sheep and headed straight for his prey, probably lying in pain. but unexpectedly, medic shot charlie, an old traveler who collects unique items around the desert every day. charlie and ben are good friends, so ben is devastated when medic accidentally shoots his best friend betty. then sat restlessly on the rocks. the man looked very shocked because he had just killed someone. ben rushes to made its car, which is parked in a barren area, and drives for help. but while ben was out looking for help. medic instead, shot charlie's body with ben's rifle. ben, who heard the sound of gunshots fired, immediately returned to the hunting ground. the billionaire man seemed calm when ben confronted him about the shot just now, medic tells ben that he did it on purpose to avoid being suspicious of the police. because now there are two bullets lodged in charlie's body, his and ben's both can be used as suspects in the charlie shooting case. medic admits that he had set ben on purpose. he then offered a solution that would benefit both of them. medic tells ben that he will give the young man a full scholarship from a prestigious university and an additional stipend of three hundred thousand dollars per year, as long as ben helps him bury charlie's body and cover up any traces of the accidental murder he has committed. ben looked doubtful. his feelings were mixed, and his mind was in turmoil because his best friend had died and he was deliberately framed as the shooter. unexpectedly, ben even accepted medics hand, accepting the man's offer. the two agreed and shook hands. after burying charlie's body in the rocks and returning to the car. then quietly grabs medics satellite phone and attempts to make an emergency call. but his actions were caught by medic, who immediately pointed a gun at him and destroyed the communication device. ben is finally cornered, and can only obey medics orders if he wants his life to be saved. medic then ordered ben to take off his clothes and shoes, leaving only the shorts that covered his body. ben starts walking home, following the path of the power lines that stretch across the desert, though he is sure he won't last long in the desert in his current condition. ben tries to find another alternative route, but medic fires a bullet at him, warning ben to keep going on the path. he wants to make sure ben dies as a victim of the ferocity of the desert. then looked back, then sprinted as medic averted his eyes. medic then watched ben through the binoculars as the young man continued to run across the barren desert, off the path that made it set. apparently, ben ran into the dry canyon area, jumped up there, then into the little gap hidden behind the rocks. the vole turns out to lead to charlie's secret base. he drinks charlie's water and uses his shoes, which are too big for ben. then then took out a desert map charlie had drawn and kept it in his pocket. medic follows then into the canyon, but finds no one there. he then took the initiative to circle the canyon, trying to find another opening, until they arrived at the mouth of an abandoned tunnel. medic enters the tunnel and finds a wooden crate filled with explosives. made occurred a rustling sound from behind the tunnel walls, and thought the sound was coming from ben, he tried to blow up the tunnel wall with dynamite. ben, who was on the other side of the wall, couldn't help but leave charlie's base before the tunnel collapsed and buried him alive. medic was already waiting for ben to appear at the end of the tunnel and warned the young man to keep walking on the path he had set ben, who was tired and injured, did not give up hope. he always took an alternate route when medic was off guard, and tried to escape his scrutiny. ben kept running and running to avoid matic until he finally came to a hollow rock cliff. ben slid into one of the small crevices in the cliff that was the resting place he and charlie had built, complete with a sofa and other items. he tore the fabric and foam of the sofa cushion and bandaged his injured legs. he also uses it as footwear so that his foot condition does not get worse. after that, ben continues his journey, following charlie's map, which leads into a hidden spot where charlie buries important items such as catapults, iron marbles and a map showing the water storage location. ben's escape attempt was not in vain. after following charlie's map, he finally finds a plastic vessel filled with clean water. without thinking, he then gulped the water in the barrel as much as he could. but ben's luck didn't last long. so he focused on reading the map, looking for the location of the water supply. he didn't realize that medic managed to sniff his tracks and found his location. medic shot the vessel filled with water that ben was drinking until it broke. medic warned ben not to mess around and told him to get back on track. while watching ben over a glass of alcohol. then finally obeyed matics orders. he walked unsteadily in the barren desert, under direct sunlight and blown by gusts of sand grains drifting in the wind. then then collapsed on his stomach. his body didn't move an inch. the medic shot the area around the boy to frighten him. medic thought that ben was dead and left him. it turns out that it was just ben's ruse so that he no longer chased after him. but medic is not easily fooled. he waited behind the cliff, while observing the surroundings through binoculars, he finally found ben was climbing a rocky hill not far from his current location. ben, who was experienced and knew by heart every nook and cranny throughout the desert, hoped to trick medic again and escape the psychopathic man. he then climbed up a large, rocky hill and into one of the gaps in the rock cliff, hiding there until nightfall. medic, who already knew where ben was hiding, immediately stepped on the gas and waited patiently in front of the gap that ben had entered. he repeatedly called ben's name and suggested that ben surrender because he already wanted to kill him. however, unbeknownst to medic, then had come out of the gap in the back of his car. he then sneaked into medics car while he was urinating. he managed to grab a few things, including his jacket, and quickly got out of there. after returning to his car, medic realized something odd had happened in his car. the man assumed that ben had gotten into his car and was hiding in the back of the car. he then suddenly reversed the car. but ben lay down on the ground to not get hit by medic's car and immediately fled to the rocky area. medic shot at ben, and he started throwing dynamite extensively towards ben's hiding place because he was so annoyed. but ben managed to survive all the attacks, until finally medic stopped attacking and then responded to matic by slamming an iron catapult right into the windshield and hitting the man's face, made it collapsed unconscious with a single blow. the next day, ben drove home and made his car while he sat in the passenger seat. arriving in the city, ben takes him to the police station and describes all the events he experienced in the desert in detail. he reports all of matic's misdeeds to the sheriff. ben was briefly imprisoned, but was later released because he was proven innocent. medic, who was the mastermind behind all the heinous acts he had committed, was later found guilty of all charges made by ben. but when the police were about to take him to prison, medic asked permission to go to the toilet and managed to escape with the help of his men, who picked him up by helicopter. mae turned out to have called for help using his smart watch before he arrived at the police station. a few days later, ben visits lena, who now lives downtown. he told her all his experiences with medic and decides to stop being a god because he is still traumatized by the horrific incident. then also promised to always stay by her side and never leave her again. elena hugged him dearly. they also agreed to live together in the city. when knight fell, ben was sleeping in bed with lana, until he suddenly woke up because he dreamt of made it came to their house. unfortunately, it is not a dream, but a reality that is happening right now. medic was already standing in front of ben with his rifle pointed at him, ready to shoot the young man. but medic lost quickly. galena, who had shot him first with ben's gun during their first separation. medic, who was seriously injured, tried to escape from lana's house, but ben didn't just let it go. then took his gun and shot him until the man met his death and would never terrorize him in lena again. the film ends. [Music]. you 