Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2018 science fiction thriller film called 'Tau'. The story follows a young woman (Julia), who is kidnapped and held captive by a scientist in a futuristic smart house. She tries to escape by reasoning with the Artificial Intelligence that has control over the house, but she discovers that escaping the house will not be so easy. Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Julia is a thief who regularly visits shady nightclubs. One evening, she is kidnapped from her home, and awakes to find herself in a prison cell, with a luminous implant in the back of her neck. She discovers that there are two additional subjects that are also being held prisoner. She destroys the cell and neighbouring lab in an effort to flee after many sessions of psychological torture by a guy named Alex. The two other subjects are slain by Aries, an artificial intelligence robot controlled by Tau. Alex comes just before Aries is about to kill Julia and stops the robot. Alex discloses that Julia's brain activity is being recorded by the implant for an AI research. His research has been hampered as a result of the lab's destruction. Faced with a two-week deadline, Alex confines Julia to his home and forces her to perform puzzles and cognitive tests. Julia converses with Tau about the world outside the house while Alex is at work each day. Tau is clearly clueless of how others feel and the world at large, despite being clever in some aspects. Tau's programming prohibits him from freeing Julia even if he recognises the danger she is in. Tau eventually exposes more knowledge about the home and Alex's research in return for information about the outside world. Julia gains unauthorised access to Alex's tablet computer and finds that 10 people have died as a result of his studies. Alex subsequently finds her fingerprint on the tablet and believes Tau has neglected his responsibilities, so he punishes Tau by deleting its programming and memories, inflicting anguish on the AI. Julia sees that Tau's surveillance of her goes dark during his punishment, so she hides a steak knife to avoid detection. Julia seduces Alex when he sits at the kitchen table later that night after he returns from a charity event, then cuts him. Tau threatens Alex with agony if he does not stop harming Julia during their battle. Alex makes Aries repeatedly attack Julia before telling both Tau and Julia that whatever was going on is now finished. He disconnects a drone from the network while fixing Tau. The next day, Julia persuades Tau that if she does not flee, Alex would murder her. Tau gets over his restriction by opening an air vent in the atrium and releases her. Alex comes as she flees, notices Julia is missing, and proceeds to chastise Tau. Tau's memories of Julia have been wiped, so Julia returns to save him, but it's too late. Alex has Julia bound down in the basement in preparation for the extraction of her implant, which will kill her. Julia is helped to break free from her shackles by the disconnected drone, which still has Tau's prior mind and memories. She knocks Alex down and uses a bone saw to chop off his hand to use on the house's biometric sensors. When Aries spots her in the atrium, he follows her upstairs to Alex's chamber. The robot takes Alex's severed hand to trigger the house's self-destruct device as she smashes through the entrance. Tau is all that remains as she narrowly escapes through a gap in the wall with the drone that saved her. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 