[Music], three years after the Battle of Geonosis, the galaxy is in a state of civil war. during a space battle over course, on Jedi Knights obi-wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker lead a mission to rescue the kidnapped Supreme Chancellor Palpatine from the cyborgs separatist commander, General Grievous. after infiltrating Grievous's flagship, the Jedi battle Count Dooku, who Anakin eventually executes at Palpatine's urging. Grievous escapes the battle-torn Cruiser in which the Jedi crash land on Coruscant. there Anakin reunites with his wife, Padme Amidala, who reveals that she is pregnant. while initially excited, Anakin begins to have visions of Padme dying in childbirth, and his worry steadily grows. Palpatine appoints Anakin to the Jedi Council as his representative, but the council declines to grant Anakin the rank of Jedi Master and orders him to spy on Palpatine, causing Anakin's faith in the Jedi to diminish significantly. Palpatine attempts Anakin with secret knowledge of the dark side of the force, including the power to save his loved ones from dying. meanwhile, obi-wan travels - ooh - POW, where he finds and kills Grievous and Yoda travels to Kashyyyk to defend the planet from invasion. Palpatine eventually reveals that he is the Sith Lord Darth Sidious, saying that only he has the knowledge to save Padme from dying. Anakin reports Palpatine's treachery to mace Windu, who confronts and subdues Palpatine, severely, disfiguring him in the process. fearing that he will lose Padme, Anakin intervenes on Palpatine's behalf and severs Windu's hand, allowing Palpatine to throw him out of a window to his death. Anakin pledges himself to Palpatine, who dubs him Darth Vader. Palpatine issues order 66 for the clone troopers to kill the remaining Jedi and dispatches Vader along with a band of clones to kill everyone in the Jedi Temple. Vader then massacres the remaining separatist leaders hiding on the volcanic planet Mustafar, while Palpatine addresses the Galactic Senate, transforming the Republic into the Galactic Empire and declaring himself Emperor. having survived the chaos, obi-wan and Yoda returned to Khorasan and learn of Anakin's betrayal. unable to convince pad me about Anakin's turned to the dark side, obi-wan Stowe's aboard Padme ship when she travels to Mustafar and employers Anakin to abandon the dark side. he refuses, and upon witnessing obi-wan present and kin chokes Padme into unconsciousness. in a fit of rage, obi-wan duels and defeats Anakin, severing both of his legs and his remaining organic arm, and leaves him at the bank of a lava river where he is horribly burned. on Coruscant, Yoda battles Palpatine until their duel reaches a stalemate. Yoda then flees with Bail Organa while, Palpatine, sensing that his apprentice is in danger, travels two moves too far on an asteroid. obi-wan regroups with Yoda and Padme gives birth to a twin son and daughter, whom she names Luke and Leia, before dying shortly after. on Mustafar, Palpatine finds a horribly burnt anakin still alive. after returning to Coruscant, Anakin's mutilated body is treated and covered in a black armored suit, transforming him fully into Darth Vader. Palpatine explains to Vader that he killed Padme in his rage, devastating him. meanwhile, obi-wan and Yoda conceal the twins from the Sith as they have the galaxy's only hope for freedom. Yoda exiles himself to the planet Dagobah, while Vader and the Emperor oversee the construction of the Death Star. Bail Organa adopts Leia and takes her to Alderaan, while obi-wan delivers Luke to his step family, Owen and Beru Lars, on Tatooine, where obi-wan intends to watch over Luke until the time is right to challenge the Empire. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music] [Applause]. [Music] 