hello. my name is Steven, and today I'm going to talk about Pirates of the Caribbean. at World's End, in order to control the oceans, Lord Cutler Beckett executes anyone associated with piracy in Port. Royal by ordering Davy Jones to destroy all pirate ships in the seas, condemned prisoners sing hoist the colors to compel the nine pirate Lords to convene at shipwreck Cove to hold the Brethren court. because Captain Jack Sparrow, pirate Lord of the Carribean sea, never named a successor before being dragged to Davy Jones locker. Captain Barbossa, Will Turner, Elizabeth Swann, CIA Dalma and the crew of the Black Pearl plot to rescue Jack. traveling to Singapore, the crew meet captain sour fun, pirate Lord of the South China Sea, who owns navigational charts to the locker. their cats soldiers invade, but the crew escape. will secretly promises to give Jack to Fung in return for the Pearl, which he will use to rescue his father. bootstrap Bill Turner from the Flying Dutchman. the crew travels to the locker and rescues Jack. the crew encounters many dead souls, including Elizabeth's father, governor Swann, who was executed by Becca CIA. Dalma reveals that the goddess Calypso charged Davy Jones with the job to guide the souls of those who died at sea to the next world. once every ten years, he could come ashore to be with the woman he loved. but he corrupted his purpose and was cursed to become a monster. the soul of governor Swann reveals that whoever kills Jones by stabbing his disembodied heart, must take his place as the Dutchman's captain. returning to the living world, the Pearl stops at an island for fresh water, where the crew find the Kraken lying dead on the beach, having been killed by Jones under orders from Beckett. they are then attacked by our Fung and Beckett's men. through a complex series of deals, Elizabeth is handed over to fun who believes she is the goddess Calypso. while the rest of the crew make for shipwreck. Cove aboard the pearl, Jack throws will off the ship as part of the plan to seize control of the Dutchman. Sal phone tells Elizabeth that the first Brethren court bound calypso in human form after she betrayed her lover, Davy Jones. he plans to release her to defeat Beckett. Davy Jones attacks fund ship, the Empress, mortally wounding fun in the process. Fung appoints Elizabeth his successor as pirate Lord. before dying. Elizabeth and the crew a lock in the brig of the Dutchman, where she finds bootstrap bill losing himself to the Dutchman's curse. in a moment of clarity, he tells her that will must not come since by killing Jones, he will bind himself to the ship. Admiral Norrington frees Elizabeth and her new crew from the Dutchman, but he's killed by bootstrap bill. the Black Pearl arrives at shipwreck Cove where Barbosa attempts to persuade the Brethren court to release Calypso. Davy Jones visits CIA Dalma in the pearls Brig, revealing she is Calypso Jack's father. captain Teague, keeper of the pirate code, informs the court that only an elected Pirate King can decide on going into battle. a vote is taken to avoid a stalemate. Jack casts his vote for Elizabeth, making her King the Brethren court and Beckett's fleets emerge for war on a sandbank. Elizabeth, Jack Barbosa, Beckett, Jones and will Polly trading wool for Jack. Barbosa steals Jack's piece of eight, all of which are owned by the pirate Lords and required to free Calypso. Barbosa frees Calypso, but when will reveals it was Jones who betrayed her and made it possible for the first court to imprison her, Calypso vanishes and summons an enormous maelstrom. the Pearl and the Dutchman battle in the Maelstrom, Elizabeth and Willa Wed by Barbosa. on board the Dutchman. Jones and Jack engage in a duel for control of Davy Jones heart. Jones stabs will, mortally wounding him. Jack gives up his chance for immortality and instead helps will stab the heart, killing Jones, whose body falls into the Maelstrom. Jack and Elizabeth escaped the Dutchman as it is sucked into the Maelstrom. as Beckett's ship, the endeavor approaches to destroy the pearl. the Dutchman rises from the sea, now captained by will. the crew has been freed from Jones curse. together the two pirate ships destroy the endeavor. a stunned Beckett goes down with his ship, while his Navy retreats with will, now forever bound to escort Souls lost at sea to the next world. he and Elizabeth bid farewell to each other on the beach of an abandoned Island. will departs on the Dutchman, leaving Elizabeth pregnant and with the chest containing his heart. Jack and joshamee gibbs discover Barbossa has stolen the Black Pearl again. but Jack planned ahead and stole south ones navigational charts. he departs from Tortuga alone to track down the mythical Fountain of Youth. in a post-credits scene set ten years later, Elizabeth and her son Henry, watch from a sea cliff as wool returns aboard the Dutchman. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and keep the Belle notification for more of these videos. [Music], 