so as a new Netflix movie called mute that's done by David Bowie's son, Duncan Jones. and I love two of his movies. I guess my dude at some points binge the Cloverfield films, cuz for this new one, he decided to make a sequel, slash, not sequel, but in the same universe movie to moon with this movie that he has on Netflix. now, I don't think it was the worst thing in the world, right? but that's probably cuz I watched it from my couch. but even though I don't think it's the greatest thing that's out there, do I agree with the hate that critics are giving it, especially with this new agenda? let me explain. alright. for starters, there was like only 63 critics who reviewed this thing, which a Marvel movie gets like over 300 people. all I'm saying is that if you're a critic who watches movies for a living, um, watch the movies. I mean, for this one, you ain't even got to leave the house. you can watch this on your couch because it's on Netflix. now, I don't know about it being 13%. I personally would give it a 15%. but I'm more curious about what people have to say about this. see, we got one that says, Netflix is mutes. never quite finds its voice. you've been sitting on that one for a while, haven't you? look, while I do agree that the movie is like tonally all over the place, I always find it funny when critics do something cheesy like this, especially when they bash the movie for being cheesy, then they deliver this headline, Paul Rudd and Justin Theroux, what the oh damn. I guess this is what happens when Aniston leaves you. they do their best to have fun, but the movies miserable tone is actively competing against them at every turn. you know what, David Sims from the Atlantic, you are completely right. one gets the sense that Jones has a lot he wants to say, but it's film like his protagonist, never quite finds its foot. are y'all hiring the same people? fans of moon and source code, be warned, mute is, sadly, almost tragically, not worth the wait. like I said, source code is freaking fantastic. if you haven't seen it, I highly recommend you watch immediately. if my opinion means absolutely anything to you, it has Jake Gyllenhaal, moving trains, time-travel. Jake Gyllenhaal. and moons, also really good. I just refuse to believe that the guy who directed moon is the same guy who directed this one, right here, the worst thing to happen to Justin Theroux this week. someone agrees. is it okay? different? I the main problem with mute is that it doesn't use its techno logically advanced backdrop to say anything new. now, I don't think futuristic movies have to say anything new. I mean, like a bunch of these critics also loved Blade Runner 2049, which I also think is fantastic. but, I mean, Westworld already covered all that. I think it's all about how you execute the movie. which, you know, Mew does some cool things, but then you know, this dude is writing on a pen and paper in the future, like he's Steve from Blue's Clues, this derivative sci-fi thriller about a missing woman struggles to find its own voice. why do you no wonder you call yourselves? The Daily Mirror. Jones is clearly striving to develop something fresh out of will try to material and mute at least exhume Jones stature as a notable auteur. I think maybe if, like the fans of moon, didn't continuously hear it being marketed as if being connected to moon, even though it's just like a random news clip that appears, then maybe maybe they would have liked it a bit more. Blade Runner is kinky, cuz, boy, when mute lacks an originality, it makes up for in risky storytelling and unpredictably grimmy plot decisions. man, our art critics allowed to use meh or is that just reserved for the the top critics? but it's never a great sign when your lead is upstaged by the supporting players. and for all its good looks, mute ultimately doesn't have a whole lot to say. a mishmash of ideas in search of a movie, sadly true, as a production project, it was apparently stuck in developments hell for more than a decade. sometimes projects are stuck in development hell for a reason. fame this man is out to kill. and finally, it's a particularly disappointing misfire from the man that gave us the low-key masterpiece of moon, and yet another nail in the coffin of Netflix as a destination for quality, original films. see, that's the main reason I'm making this video, the Netflix conundrum. I like hearing what other people have to say, you know, especially when it comes to critics. and, you know, they get a lot of hate. so maybe I'll do these type of critic evaluation videos in the future. but this one in particular spawned from the rumor that started by Netflix and some of their filmmakers that the critics are out to get them. you know, like when everyone said that the critics were getting paid by Disney. and as a dude, you know, who gets ignored by the Chicago Critics Association, I'll say that I don't think the critics are out to get Netflix, or anybody else. I do think that we should check critics, because just because they're the ones critiquing, doesn't mean we can critique they're critiquing. and started critique inception because in a world where everyone can have an opinion, those who are getting paid for their should be able to create some constructive criticism, not just snarky remarks. and even though I agree that mutes ain't as fabulous a shar-pei, it still stands that how you critique something is more important than why you critique something. that's what separates the professionals from those who can never quite find their voice. damn, I should get a job at polygon. thank you guys for watching this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts. definite. let me know down below in the comment section, what you want me to cover next. your thoughts on new anything other, you know, dealing with movies and stuff like that. if you like this, like looking back at critics things. I think it's interesting to see, you know, the people who kind of have a stamp on whether the movie is good or not in the Internet's fear, because they have those credentials. just seeing whether, you know, even if they're right or wrong, what they're saying, is there any merit to it? let me know your thoughts down below. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and you too can be a top critic on Rotten Tomatoes. 