welcome to the falcon and the winter soldier. episode six, crammed, the gdc building is surrounded by law enforcement and even sharon carter has entered the country under cover to offer support, while the flag smashes inside the building start causing trouble. thankfully, that present sam got turns out to be a new top-of-the-range flight suit, and he crashes in to fight for terrorists as the new true captain america. the flag smashers want the evacuation to continue, however, as they have taken control of the evac helicopter that's now full of council members, while the rest of the gdc gets locked into the armored trucks, but they hope will get them out safely. bucky chases them down on bike, while sharon tags the disguised flagsmasher with a mercury vapour bomb that kills him horribly. meanwhile, betroth gets to have his round two with sam, who's been putting his shield training to good use to integrate it into his fighting style, along with the flight suit. however, he also knows to prioritize for hostages over a dick measuring session, and bails on batroc to chase down the hijacked helicopter, all while keeping an eye on other civilians along the way. and his new armored wings helped to make a formidable shell against heavy debris, and even work underwater, thanks to that wakandan technology. so connecting with the comms of one of the council member hostages who has some former pilots training, he lets her know it's time to take the stick as he shield slices for cockpit's door and precision body slams for flagsmasher clean out the other side. well done for being involved. carly, in the meantime, decides that they may have to just kill the hostages to send their one world message and even die for the cause, which is met with lukewarm enthusiasm from everyone else. so they intercept for ground level gdc evacuees to take us hostages, but bucky bikes in with a body slam of his own, before carly sets one of the trucks on fire in order to keep the winter soldier occupied. however, john walker cosplay america has arrived to avenge his friend. and once bucky gets the hostages out of danger, they both move in to fight the teres. he gets knocked down into a lower construction site to continue his battle, while jw methodically and angrily beats the rest of them down. so carly tries to drive the remaining hostage van over the edge to at least kill some of the council. and even after everything, when faced with the choice, john walker turns away from the fight and uses his super strength to pull the van back to safety, even as the others try to stop him. and with some help from the new captain america and his red wing drones, they succeed. the last of the flag smashers are starting to look like they're in over their heads, and the new look captain america and friends have had enough of their [ __ ]. so they split up and make a run for it, after batroc covers their escape, only for carly to run into sharon carter, or, as she knows her, the power broker. sharon has this whole time been for one, controlling maginopod and forcing production of the new serum, before hunting down the flag smashes for stealing it. batroc joins in for a cheeky standoff that results in sharon killing him, while also being shot by carly. sam arrives having missed this minor revelation, however, and takes on carly head to head. despite everything, he's still trying to talk her down from the fight and keeps on defense against her strength. but khali now views him as another person who's just bought into the great lie, and is about to shoot sam before sharon kills her. regardless of the serum, she was essentially an angry kid with a cause that she believed in. and sam publicly faces the global repatriation council with a five-minute speech about the impact they're about to have on those refugees. he can't change the fact that there will always be people out there hating him for having the shield, but he believes that people can be better imploring and shaming the senators into making better choices, before flying off to help clean up any stragglers. bucky and jw had arrested the rest of them, but on route to prison, the last of the flag smashers are killed in a car bomb explosion set by helmut zemo's butler, his final step complete in keeping radicalized super terrorists off the map. and back in dc, viveep has rebranded john walker for all of his good work away from the captain america. ideal, because what the government might really need when things get weird is a us. agent. while over in the next room, thanks to sam's promise, the gdc. senator offers sharon carter a full pardon and welcomes her home, unwittingly allowing the power broker of the criminal underworld back into a position of government secrets and prototype weapons for her to sell as she sees fit. and so it's time for resolutions all round. bucky bites the bullet and explains to his old grandpa drinking buddy that he was the one who killed the man's son back in the days of being a hydra agent, giving him closure and sending the completed list of amends back to his counsellor. while sam takes isaiah to the captain america exhibit, where he's had the true history of isaiah's part in the super soldier program added to the records so that america doesn't forget, and finally honoring the man. and thanks to that shrimp boat, everyone gets a food-filled party, where bucky finds himself fitting in with a community, and the two boys can finally relax and enjoy themselves. are they seeing each other now? so thanks a lot for watching. i'll be putting everything together for a full series cram very soon. so let me know what you thought of falcon and the winter soldier in the comments below, because i have like a million opinions. i'll see you next time and take care. 