before we begin, let me start by saying, don't try to change the future, because then your mother's gonna end up with two new big boobs and one old, dead one. the stars of our movie today are the same cast is the first movie - the original George McFly and the original Jennifer +2 alternatives and a flee please. our story begins, for the last movie, left off from the original present, but with an alternative Jennifer, played by Ali. but she couldn't be in the second Karate Kid because she was busy playing alternative Jennifer. Plus, Daniel needed another woman other than her, or did he not? because at that point they might just been like Ralph, the man gun has gotten too big, and the baby-faced can only carry you so far before the dadbod takes over. and you might ask, why I'm talking about Karate Kid, when does it back to the future? but I ain't got nothing else, Michael J Fox. so duck does as he said at the end of the first movie, because nobody time-travel does this time to change this timeline, except to maybe replace Jennifer with Ali. and he would flies them into the future. except at the end of the first movie, you didn't see that rolling Pollock penis with a comb-over. see them up and vanish like a fart in the wind. and Jennifer all excited about seeing her future. and Doc, don't joy need to be license to carry that. people knock her out. awfully shaded, Adam, to be just casually toting around in your pocket. we'll never know what mischief doc was up to in the future. my shoes don't can do that five years later, and I still got tennis. and then they just dumped out Jen in the alley. well, Marty impersonates his own son, who looks like he was big, right? what are the odds? so Noah minded, doc is told Marty not to go snooping around up in there. Marty goes into the 80s cafe that looks the way, mm ought to eighties looked. so in the cafe, Marty encounters Griff, who's like the grandson of Biff or some spy. oh, no. and he stirs up some trouble, and there's a long chase skip. and Marty saves the day and takes a little futuristic vacatur shop for a sports Almanac. and then gets scolded by doc for [ __ ] around with the space-time continuum for monetary gain while not thinking about his girlfriend just lying unconscious. Newsome what folks in the 80s thought futuristic trash would look like. trash waiting to get picked up by some damn nosy Popo and do that scary retina scan. oh, they don't. they check a thumbprint. man, Doozer, 2015, wheel iPhone wipes your abs. and Alexa cleans the cat turd. yo, cat you named after a Harry Potter character left in the bathtub. well, I'm the older one, but a cat named after Harry Potter character leaves doodles in the bathtub drain. so anyway, duck leaves the Almanac just lying around for any Biff to find, which he does. beggar to how she didn't know she'll live in in the future. Jennifer Hyde's see, I wouldn't hide. I'd be trying to find out what the okay, I've had from now. I mean, grandma and grandpa McFly come for visit, but not original grandpa, because Crispin Glover didn't want to do this sequel, but he sued them for a million dollars for making this bit look like him, even though he said he didn't like to enter another first movie because money can't buy happiness, and love should be the reward. and all the park present, I guess love wasn't a big enough reward for mr. Glover. and grandma McFly tells Marty's doubted the story of Marty being called a chicken and having an accident in hell. because of it, he destroyed his potential for music career, while Biff steals the time machine to do who'da knows what in when the hell ever, how many ties could have McFly tie for McFly could tie to McFly ties? and a man named needles is telling him to stick his card in the slot. vulgar hos is just some unexplained rule breaking to get you fired then. Jennifer think because she see yourself. and I don't understand that, because if I saw myself, I'd just be like Dan. you looking six here, back in the 1985. you've been given a rare gift, Marty, a chance to see what the world would be like if a trashy, bigmouth billionaire with a penchant for fake TIG ol bitties got his hands on it. I'd say, jesus take the wheel, but the cars already blowed up. Marty meets his mother and her new set of twins. Rhonda meets his new daddy. Marty finds out his old daddy was do ma get on Marty's arrival, doc takes Marty back to his house, where he says something like, there was this Jim Bob op that went took a nickel and turned the future all khokana knockin, and mighty busting. all Biff and his girl is and they get all timid. and I'm just thinking, y'all embarrassed to be naked in front of money, but you ain't embarrassed to be making it in front of this. I guess they can smell the poor on him. then, boring, bad guy analog. I was on the fast-track to Loserville, Louisiana, until this old man showed up with his magic book. blabbity, blabbity, blah, blah. I got rich betting on the schools in it. nobody ever thought the question was, I was rigging? had some insider information because plot olds blah, blah, blabbity blah. and now I'm, after all, feel therefore ridden your mama of the only remaining boobs she has that I don't like. my mother gets away. and then boring bad guy monologue, I killed a man with this gun, blah, blah, blabbity blah, and it was your daddy, blabbity blabbity blah, blah. so if you want to stop me, you gotta go back in time event all this from happening. and I'm gonna just stand here and let it happen, so this won't ever happen. brick in 1955, doc pulls out some walkie-talkies, because he got an interdimensional from which he pulls out whatever is needed in any given dimension, including the time appropriate dinero. and it just occurred to me that biff is if sid from Toy Story was buff sip plus buff equals Biff, this is all of us, if we can see our younger selves. so if you under 20, you can just go ahead and slap yourself in the head right now. money follows buff Biff to an episode of deja vu or a glitch in the matrix, and tiptoes around up and they're doing his damnedest not to interfere with the good work he already did to change the future where his family had some money and so did the actor who played George McFly because over hypocrisy. and Marty gets the OL mush. okay, now Marty gets tall mush. then man against the Alma shooter. no, Marty gets tall my tits. so Marty gets the Almanac. then money saves himself before he knocks himself out, and Marty loses the owl marsh. and there's a long chase, skip. so Marty gets the Almanac, and money lights up the Almanac, and then lightning bolt lights up ducks in the dimensions. then Marty gets a letter from duck in the past, and he goes back to docking the prison. and duck is buggin harder than a wall was eyeballs. but almost there. be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for regular fix of myth. happiness is nice, but so is food. so special. thank you to these patrons who donate ten dollars or more each month to keep this channel and me alive. Tiffany s JK, mario, star kitten. DC, dan W, whiskey. Gabriella, see Michelle. WP, tfj, raspberries. Davis, see, I have a monetary goal I need to reach to keep this channel going and growing. please consider a small contribution. love you and thank you for movies. explain fall. I'm Jam so why don't you make like a tree and barked. that's Mama's dog. yes, he's still sporting the build-a-bear room. 