in the 23rd century, while colonizing new planets, humans have encountered a hostile, non-technological insectoid species known as arachnids, but commonly referred to as bugs. the bugs appear to be little more than savage, unrelenting killing machines, though there are suggestions that they were provoked by the intrusion of humans into their habitats. in the united citizen federation, citizenship is earned by performing activities such as military service, which grants individuals opportunities prohibited to basic civilians. after graduating from high school in buenos aires, john johnny rico, his girlfriend carmen ibanez, and psychic best friend carl jenkins, enlist in the federal service, despite rico's parents disapproval of military service. carmen becomes a spaceship pilot, while carl joins military intelligence. rico enlists in the mobile infantry, and is surprised to find isabelle dizzy flores, his fellow ex-student, has deliberately transferred to his squad in mobile infantry, basic training career sergeant zim ruthlessly trains the recruits. rico befriends fellow cadets levy and is later promoted to squad leader. he subsequently receives a dear john letter from carmen, as she desires a career with the fleet, and now serves under rico's high school sports rival, xander barcelo. following a live fire training incident that kills one of rico's squad members and causes another to quit out of guilt, rico is demoted and flogged. he resigns and calls his parents to ask them if he can return home, but rescinds his resignation after an asteroid reported to be launched by the arachnids obliterates buenos aires, killing his parents and millions of others. an invasion force is deployed to kendathu, the arachnid's home planet, but the operation severely underestimates the arachnids and is a total disaster. rico is severely wounded and mistakenly reported kia. after recovering, he ace and dizzy are reassigned to the roughnecks, an elite unit commanded by lieutenant gene raskzak, rico's former high school teacher. he quickly gains the respect of his peers and is promoted to the rank of corporal after taking out a tanker bug. the roughnecks respond to a distress call from planet p where they reckon oiter an outpost that has been devastated by bugs. they soon realize that the distress call is a trap, and the arachnid swarmed the outpost. rico, now an acting sergeant, euthanizes a mortally wounded rask zack after a buried bug bites off his legs. dizzy is killed, but the surviving roughnecks are rescued by carmen and xander. rico and carmen encounter cal now a high-ranking intelligence officer, at dizzy's funeral, carl reveals that there is reason to believe an intelligent brain bug is directing the other bugs and has been learning how to fight humans. he field promotes rico to lieutenant and gives him command of the roughnecks, ordering the mobile infantry units under his control to return to p in an attempt to capture the brain bug. the fleet encounters unexpected heavy fire from the bugs, and carmen's ship is destroyed. carmen and xander's escape pod crashes into a bug tunnel system near eco, they are surrounded by bugs. and a brain bug uses its proboscis to pierce sanders skull and eat his brain. as it is about to do the same to carmen, she cuts off its proboscis with a knife. rico watkins and ace arrive and threaten the bugs with a small nuclear bomb, which the brain bug recognizes. they flee. while the brain bug makes its escape, arachnids pursue them, and watkins, mortally wounded, sacrifices himself by detonating the bomb to enable the others to escape. after returning to the surface, they find that former sergeant zim, who had requested a demotion to private so that he could serve at the front, has captured the brain bug. carl tells rico and carmen that the humans will soon be victorious now that military intelligence can study the brain bug. 