Halloween is over, the monsters are back in their box. Thanksgiving this coming. and don't get me started on Christmas yet. can I eat my damn turkey first, please? thank you for this chip blog. today I have a special thank you, some bloopers and an announcement at the end about my new merch. so be sure to watch it until the end to hear all about it. y'all already counting down to Christmas? you can't wait to minister you all about my merch? well, let me start with this. I have a few patrons who have been with this channel for several months now, and I want to take a moment to recognize them. Tiffany em, thank you so much for your kindness, your supportive comments and your generous support and belief in left Big Jim hug. and yg re c32 yo. kind messages of support and your donations have not gone unnoticed. you've been with me for a long time, too, and I thank you so much. Tiffany and why? GRE SIA, probably the reason we have the meth website up. this thank you message is simply not enough. now I present to you all jibs, cups, roll them before we begin. let me start by saying, oh, damn, that's too loud. be sure to find your soul mate when you're young, so when you're old and you miss cheeks at your heels, you'll still have someone to bone. somebody. each morning I get up, I'm crying. I'm maternal to mic gain on his mouth. God, there we go. because they families don't want to change dead depends. and he does. sweet. it's like the instant he saw her, pituitary glands activated. see, most people only have one, but he loved Allie so much he got to armpit hair grow in. pituitary gland activated. I'm for hair growing and say that. and look, no, stop it now. now we're back to how it used to be. so damn funny. we can't stop laughing. to get the buff girl recorded. pituitary gland activated, armpit hair grow in and balls drop. it did. it does. some dumps together to go out on a date with him. and she pulled his pants down, and actually says the words whilst looking at him, well, look at his ding-a-ling. well, looking at that package. well, looking at the tic-tac. well, looking at that Tina Feeny. then he ties you up and says, it's because he loves you. and I'll ordered there's some bad missus for young women. busy laughs like, oh god damn. it is making me dizzy. our story begins with these hotties, Molly Jensen and Sam wheat, along with their friend Carl Bruno, repairing their apartment in Manhattan, which will be the first space. whoops, see, Aloe Blacc book. then got the numbers, bang, got the numbers of, then got the numbers of, bang up numbers of samri's foodies - oh no. and he asks for the wallet, and sam, we won't give it to him because his dumb bet scares the bank book code, the bank code book, I mean, ballet. and then Willie hits Millie, I mean, Molly, and now you're gonna get us. and we'd beat but will it pull out the heat and really make your body chilly? [ __ ]. see, when you did you got a lot of time on your hands. you know, attended a, you know, eternity has a sense of foreverness. she's like the wind through my tree. I think that was worse than the first time through my tree. so, once Oh - may has Molly's trust. Sam, we tells Oda Mae brown to tell Molly Jensen that she is in danger. girl, she in danger. girl, damn it. the next day she goes to Molly and explains all this crazy to Obadiah rate. damnit. can I'm on the wrong line? I think if he tried to write in that hoop, be Carl Bruner would take off in the car would go right through Sam wheat, and he just be left sitting down the street in the puddle, puddle, puddle. I think if he tried to ride in that hoop, did Carl Brewer would take off, and the car will go right through Sam wheat, and he just be left sitting there in the street in the puddle of motor oil. and laugh in a puddle of motor oil like a lonely derp. I think if he tried to ride in that hoop they call Bruna would take off and the car would go right through Sam wheat, and he'd just be left sitting down in the street in the puddle of motor oil like a lonely douche. finally, and Sam wheat goes back to automate Brown, where he finds that word of her abilities has been heard throughout the ghost grapevine, through, through, through, through. and Sam wheat goes back to Oda Mae brown, where he finds the five [ __ ] and said, we goes back to Oda Mae brown, where he finds that word of her abilities has been her God can damn it. and Sam weed goes back to Oda Mae brown, where he finds that word of her abilities has been heard through the ghost grapevine through to go straight back. and Sam wheat goes back to Oda Mae brown, where he finds the word of her abilities has been heard through the grapevine. God, Judkins. and Sam wheat goes back to Oda Mae brown, where he finds the world of her abilities has been heard through the ghost paper throw got in. dammit. why can't I say through through the road, the goes through the grouse. who? what the [ __ ] is a ghost. dammit. so, long story short, Sam gets out of me. Kenz. so, long story short, Sam gets out of me brown to make a fake ID and pretend to be Rita Miller, where she's a well, [ __ ] question. I will follow him. follow him wherever he may go. that was awful. what the hell. and Carl Bruner goes to Molly's. and Molly tells Carl Bruner that Oda Mae brown was at the Bing today and that she found out her real name. oh, oh, and prospect place. Willie body go Chile. and don't he look like he could use a pepto pili and prospect place, will about it. go Chile. and don't he look like he could use a pepper hammer. now, living hell forever in that ugly entire this same weed says, are you two all right? and Molly's like, Duff, Duff, Duff, the dull blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. no matter what I say, it's gonna take ten minutes more voice to wake up onions. our story begins with some bottle brewed. our story begins with some bold little British girl named Elizabeth Swann singing about pirates because she's tired of spending her days riding on foggy ships with a bunch of old English guys whose idea of partying is putting two extra sugar cubes it. sugar cubes. note to self, don't make intros that I'll run all sentences. why does every party in like this? whole damn town on fire. someone's taking your woman, and you wake up in the middle of the street next to so will finds out that jack knows some [ __ ] about the back, back, about the back. purl. turn page later. toots, people gonna be coming later to its. meanwhile, on the boat of Barbosa, Elizabeth discovers you won't not be taking gold off little bows you like. because being abducted by pirate seems like all fun and games, until you find out you're the only one on the damn ship with lips on. Jake, I find out you're the only one on the damn ship with lips. and will says that you take it. I wanted you to take my virginity, not my bling. and will says, do you want call some noise? you want scrap? you can't even make a fist. you ain't got thumbs [ __ ]. so, Bob Olsen, but it's throw jack in the clink while the Black Pearl catches the Interceptor, and we'll sacrifices himself for his lady and dies of virgin tailors all this time. really the end? ok, not yet. but by now, y'all surely have seen all these movies, and no, dammit, but I guess we would prefer somebody he can kiss without it tasting like he's licking an ashtray. ashtray, not trade. here's a tray of toilet seat. sometimes the most bogus ideas are the most innovative. ashtray. damn. [ __ ] partay, pooping. do good. no. so Elizabeth promises to set to God Jesus inhale. it's like it brings us. oh, you step. I think you should got mo. so Elizabeth promises to marry Norrington if he will go save will. and they sell teeth, and they sell to ela de Muerta, a la Isla. it's led to mujer - oh, but it's just the right moment. jack flings the bling - will, and Jack shoots Barbosa, and real will play. will flew. and all these skanky scallywag suddenly starts shaking because they now know bin. Jack goes back to Port Royale, where put Royale, Port Royale with cheese. so he's basically like the pirate version of to code. be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular fix. it is Moscone channel for movies. explain fall. I'm Jed. I did a little dial I don't even know my own damn name anymore. oh, wow. it was recorded. thank God always. okay, enough of that. since y'all just spent time laughing at me instead of with me, let me show you something I've been doing. right y'all been asking for merchandise. and your wish is my command. if you rub me the right way, I'm a genie in a bottle. so if you want some March, visit mighty spring shop. I'll put a link in the description. you should also be able to see some of the products under all of my videos. I have the meth head and dumb [ __ ] stuff y'all been asking for. and you can click around in the shop for different colors and sizes. and yes, I'll be adding more as time goes on. if y'all follow me on social media, I always post updates there. so I'm working. and yeah, dal-su be sure to find me around the Internet's on Twitter. twitter.com slash movies explain fall. on Facebook. facebook.com slash movies explain fall. get on my email mailing list. I ain't used yet, but I will. movies explain fall, calm conceal. supporting me on patreon patreon. comm, slash, movies explain fall and get your math on a tee. spring. comm slash stole / movies - explained - fall. or just make it easy on yourself and follow the link in the description. ok. kisses. 