welcome. my name is Sophia, and now I'm going to talk about now you see me stage, magician J Daniel Atlas finds a card in his shoe which leads him to a mysterious building. Daniel's former assistant, Henley Reeves, master hypnotist Merritt McKinney and local magician Jack Wilder, are also given cards leading to the building. they're the four discover a set of blueprints and a list of instructions by their unknown benefactor. a year later, the four have their first major performance as the four horsemen in an elaborate Las Vegas show funded by insurance magnate Arthur Tressler. their final trick appears to transport one of the audience members to the vault of his bank, the credit Republican, in Paris, where stacks of new euro bills are stored. at the magicians command the fans in the vault, activate drawing the bills into the vents and then showering the Las Vegas crowd with them. the euros are shown to be real, and the vault in Paris is found to be empty of its recent shipment of euros. FBI agent Dylan Rhodes an Interpol agent, Alma dray are then partnered to investigate the horseman, the to question the magicians, but have no evidence to hold them. Dylan and Alma turned to fatty as Bradley, a former magician and now a popular video host who makes millions of dollars exposing the tricks behind magic acts. Thaddeus demonstrates how the horsemen used a mock vault under the Las Vegas stage, and explains that the group must have stolen the money in Paris before it arrived at the bank, and replaced it with flash paper, which ignited, but left no residue as evidence. Dylan, Alma and Thaddeus follow the horsemen to their next show in New Orleans. their final trick appears to transfer over 140 million dollars from tres les private accounts to those in the audience made up of people that were denied insurance claims bite wrestlers company in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. Dylan and Alma attempt to apprehend the fourth but the magician's elude arrest. Tressler highest adieus to expose the horseman in revenge for the loss of his money. Alma investigates the horsemen and determines they are connected to a group called the I, a small group of magicians that claim to have access to real magic and only accept the best of the best magicians, who have to be invited and passed tests. she finds out that one of the eyes members, Lionel Shrike, had previously been exposed by fattiest, but died in a locked safe escape trick he was performing in an attempt to regain his standing. Alma suspects a fifth person is aiding the horseman. Dylan discovers his cell phone has been stolen and bugged by the horseman, allowing them to access the FBI servers and remain ahead of the investigation. tracking the real phone leads the FBI to a New York City apartment. when they raided, three of the horsemen escaped, while Jack recovers numerous documents and then leads the authorities on a high-speed car chase. jack loses control of his car, causing it to flip and catch fire. Dylan is unable to save jack, but manages to recover the papers pointing to the Horseman's next planned crime, stealing millions of dollars in cash out of a large safe of the elkhorn company. by the time Dylan, Alma and fattiest find the safe, it had just been stolen and loaded into a truck. they quickly apprehend the truck, arrange for it to be delivered to it's arranged destination, and Dylan hides inside. but when it arrives and is opened by Bradley and his assistant, it contains nothing but balloon animals, revealing it to be a decoy. the horsemen broadcast that they will perform their final show that night at Five Points, inviting the public to attend. the FBI and police converge on the scene, and amid the chaos search for the horseman. the remaining horsemen appear to the crowd, giving their fans a farewell and a message about an ulterior purpose, and then run to jump off a roof. villain attempts to shoot them, but Alma pushes his arm so he misses. the three horsemen jump, turning into a shower of money over the crowd. the money is counterfeit, but the audience's race to collect it prevents the authorities from tracking the real horsemen. after the show, Thaddius walks to his car, only to find it full of the money stolen from the real Elkhorn safe, which is later revealed to have never been stolen from the company, but was really hidden behind a giant mirror to make it look like it was gone. assumed to be the fifth Horseman, he is arrested. Dillon speaks - Thaddeus in jail, where Thaddeus slowly comes to realize that Alma's theory was correct, and Dylan was the fifth Horseman. Dylan quietly walks away, leaving fattiest shouting white elsewhere. the horsemen, including Jack, who had faked his death using a Kadabra and a duplicate car, meet at the carousel in Central Park and used their tarot cards to turn it on. Dylan arrives and welcomes the four to the AI. later, at the Pont des Arts, Dylan meets with Alma and reveals that he is shrikes son. he brought the horsemen together to get retribution for his father's death, the elkhorn safe company for providing a faulty safe that led to the accident. fattiest for humiliating and impoverishing his father and forcing him to try the new trick to regain his standing. the credit Republican and Tressler insurance companies for failing to pay out on tracks life insurance. Alma, who has come into a romantic relationship with Dylan, easily decides not to turn him in. she takes a lock and a key that Dylan produces, attaches the lock among the other love locks on the railing and throws the key into the sin. in a post-credits scene, the horseman, driving through a desert approached a junkyard full of old magician memorabilia, before getting out of their car and slowly beginning to examine the area before coming upon a set of locked crates covered in the symbol of the eye, but without their playing cards to open them. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music], 