hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2016 psychological horror thriller 10 Cloverfield Lane. so let's get started. to clarify, this film does take place in the same or a similar universe as the first film, Cloverfield. however, it has nothing to do with the original characters or even the Cloverfield monster. there are a few hints, however, throughout the film to the Cloverfield storyline, but this film is its own separate story. the film opens with Michele driving and hearing news reports of blackouts in major cities. she is hit by an oncoming truck, rolls off the road and is knocked unconscious. when she wakes up, she is injured and chained to a wall in a concrete room. a man by the name of Howard enters the room and tells her that he is going to keep her alive. she attempts to escape and fails. and Howard explains that they are in an underground bunker because there has been a massive attack on the surface. it is unclear who attacked, Russians, North Koreans or even Martians. but Howard says that the air has become poisoned by a nuclear or chemical fallout and everyone on the surface is dead. Michelle calms down, and Howard takes her on a tour of a very well stocked bunker, and she meets, Emmet a man who Howard hired to help him build the bunker. and it had seen a massive, incredible flash before the attack and came to the bunker to seek refuge. Howard shows Michelle the outside hatch, where she can see two pigs that are being affected by contamination. Michelle spots Howard's truck, however, and recognises it as the truck that forced her off the road, and begins to think that Howard is lying about the contamination and has simply kidnapping her. Howard also keeps displaying very antisocial and aggressive behavior, furthering Michelle's fears. at dinner, Michelle steals the keys to the hatch and attempts to leave, but sees a woman covered in horrifying skin lesions begging to get inside. she realizes that Howard was right and returns his keys. Howard confesses that he accidentally struck Michelle's car in a panic to get to the bunker and brought her in because he felt guilty. as time passes, the group adjusts and begins to develop a family-like relationship. Howard only perceives Michelle as a young girl, however, and later opens up that his daughter is no longer with after climbing through an air vent to fix the filtration system, Michelle discovers a second hatch where someone scratched help on to it using an earring. Michelle and Emmet talk in private, and Michelle finds out that the girl that Howard said was his daughter was actually a local girl who went missing two years earlier. concluding that Howard had kidnapped this girl and kept her in the bunker habita, Michelle secretly make a hazmat suit in order to escape the bunker. Howard discovers his missing things and interrogate the two and threatens to kill them with a barrel of acid. Emmet takes full responsibility for taking the tools, and Michelle knew nothing of it, and Howard shoots Emma dead. Howard later finds the biohazard suit and becomes angry. Michelle is able to escape and discovers Emmett's dissolving body. she knocks over the barrel of acid and Howard falls into it, burning him and igniting a fire. Michelle is able to escape through an air vent, puts on the bio suit and escapes outside. Michelle sees birds flying overhead, so she removes her mask, thinking that it is safe, believing everything that Howard said was a lie. however, she sees a large tentacled bio mechanical ship floating in the distance. and suddenly the bunker explodes from the fire, drawing the ship's attention. Michelle is stalked by an alien creature, and the craft passes by, releasing a thick green gas. she puts her mask back on and takes shelter and Howard's truck. the tentacles latch onto the truck, pulling it towards the ship. Michelle fashions a Molotov cocktail and throws it into the opening of the craft, destroying the ship. Michelle drives away, knocking over a sign that says 10 Cloverfield. after hanger radio broadcast, Michelle decides to travel to Houston to help aid the human resistance. after a flash of lightning, though, we see a large alien ship heading in the same direction. so that was the spoilers for 10 Cloverfield Lane. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 