[Applause]. [Music], hey everyone. welcome back to the channel. now, it has been a while since i did a marvel video. however, from now on i will be reporting more on marvel news. that doesn't mean i'll be doing less dc news. it just means i'll be creating more videos for you all. so on with the spider-man no way home updates. so the first update is that we have two brand new images of no way home. the first is spider-man and mj swinging off the bridge that we saw in the trailer. as we can see, mj still does not like swinging around new york, which makes sense, as this film continues straight on from spider-man far from home. the second image is of spider-man crouching on a car with doctor strange in the background with his arms folded. now i believe this is in the same scene in which doctor strange and peter have a small fight, which we saw a glimpse of in the trailer. whether this is before or after, i do not know, but it seems to me that strange is just observing what peter is doing. the next update is from a recent interview with tom holland for entertainment weekly, where holland said, we've been making these films for five years now. we've had such an amazing relationship, the three of us. we've been with each other every step of the way. we've done every single film, every single press tour. so this one scene, we didn't know if this would be the last time we were all working together. it was heartbreaking, but also really exciting, because we're all moving into the next chapter of our careers. so sharing that moment with them was maybe the best day i've ever had on set. i don't think i've cried like that ever. we were all treating no way home as the end of a franchise, let's say. i think if we were lucky enough to dive into these characters again, you'd be seeing a very different version. it would no longer be the homecoming trilogy. we would give it some time and try to build something different and tonally change the films. whether that happens or not, i don't know. but we were definitely treating no way home like it was coming to an end, and it felt like it. so by the sounds of that interview, the actors aren't expecting to return to their roles, or at least for a long time. which makes it sound like this film will wrap things up for the spider-man trilogy. i think it is very safe to say that tom holland will return to play spider-man again. he is very popular with fans, and spider-man is one of the most popular superheroes of all time. it is just whether or not mj and ned would be a part of that story. if you believe the leaks, which i do, i would not be surprised if marvel are getting ready to bring one of the other spider-man actors to play a role in another marvel project. which could be why tom holland is saying how they don't know if they are coming back, because he may know that disney wants to tell another spider-man story alongside his. make sure to let me know what you think of tom holland's interview in the comments below. the final update is tom holland's comments on working with alfred molina, which he also talked about in the entertainment weekly interview. he said that working with alfred molina was one of his favorite people to ever work with. he said it was really fun to watch him see how technology has advanced. when he was making these films, the arms were puppets, and when we did it, they're all imaginary. and cg, it was quite cool to see him relive it, but also relearn it. he also teased that the fight scenes are a lot more visceral, with a lot more hand-to-hand combat, which is interesting, as the confirmed villains for the film are dr octavius, green goblin, electro and sandman. so i'm intrigued to see where the hand-to-hand combat comes into play. we have some more information regarding the second trailer for spider-man, no way home. and this comes from daniel rpk. he responded to someone asking when the second trailer would be and he said either the end of this month or sometime next month. which is exciting news, as that means we will see the trailer very soon. and it was reported that the final money shot of the trailer would be toby maguire's spider-man and andrew garfield spider-man. if that is the case, then i cannot wait for this trailer. and i wish it could be released right now. so that is all the updates for spider-man, no way home. tomorrow, venom finally comes out in the uk. so i will be checking that out and doing a review for the film. i do know, unfortunately, what happens in the in credit scene, due to some people not giving spoiler warnings on social media. but i am still very excited to see that movie. so get ready for that review tomorrow. like i said at the start, i will be increasing my marvel contents, so there will be more videos produced on the channel. but that is all for today's video. thank you so much for watching. please make sure to like and subscribe and turn on post notifications so you never miss a video. i hope to see you here again soon. so until then, have a great day. bye. [Music]. 