[Music], hi everyone. this is definition here. if you've been following my geek box reviews, then you know I get a different one every month and I review them. so this time it's the Legion of collectors suicide box. these are really hard to get ahold of in the UK. they only do them in America. but, you know, I found a little UK. distributor who give us one for cheap. I thought I'd get one and see if what all the fuss is about. obviously, I'm a big DC. fan. I love to stuff that only children collect. loads of wasted money there. I think I probably spent about a grand on that shelf. so congrats to me. you open it. got a big Superman to open this one, or you've got to be able to lift, you know, five kilograms. okay, so the first thing is, we've got a katana. I'll be sporting that around town. water got a little button, Deadshot button. I wouldn't be seen dead shot in that be walking around without looking like The Fresh Prince of Bel end. and I've got women of DC stuff here. women are more for a quality and that, even though women have completely ruined everything. rare Suicide Squad, comic issue one Legion of collectibles that sort of Funko pop inspired. which, as you can see, I'm a bit of a loser, and I like Funko pops. enchantress, Funko pop. now, if you know anything about Funko pops, you know this is [ __ ] expensive. if you go on eBay now, you'll not get one for less than 40 quid. so make sure you use all of the money that you get from your job and buy this instead of him buying important things. next one, I've got little Ted, your cat toy, so brilliant that if you're about eight years old, look, it's for out the box. will that's well, pockets. never take them out the box. that's the rule. Suicide Squad. Harley Quinn, one here as well. that's pretty good, though. you don't normally get that sort of thing in them, them boxes. you get, it's a pretty Suicide Squad. but it's like a Funko pop Suicide Squad. I think that's an exclusive t-shirt. I think all of these gifts are, like, you can only get them in this box. where is the other stuff? you can sort of, you know, just pick them up off eBay instead of having to get, like, a sonic screwdriver or something that you don't really want. anyway, really happy with that box. I give that box a 9 out of 10. price is really steep, but if you can get it for about 30 pound, like I did, I definitely recommend it if you're a DC fan. anyway, check back on my other videos at definition Concord UK. I've got game comic TV, movie reviews, everything. take care. 