[Music], hey, what's going on guys? today i'll show you a surreal, black comedy, dystopian film, the lobster. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. the divorce david turns to be extremely desperate about his single life, which is definitely forbidden and punished. in this world, single people will be exiled from the city to an isolated corrections center far away, where the singles have to find a partner within 45 days, otherwise they will be turned into an animal of their choice. only those who find a partner within the deadline are allowed to return to the city life. david can't keep any of his belongings in his room, except for his pet dog, which is actually his brother, who failed to find a partner and was subsequently transformed to a dog years ago. the center sets forth many strict rules and rituals. singed people have to find a mate with whom they share superficial traits, such as minor ailments, believing this is the key to their compatibility. masturbation is banned, but sexual stimulation by the roommate is mandatory. as a punishment to their single life, they have to live single-handed, with the other hand locked up what's more, the singles who match up with a mate later have to go through a month-long trial partnership, which is used to test their loyalty in love and make sure they find a real and faithful partner. only after all requirements are satisfied, they're allowed to return to the city. despite those strict rules, the singles, however, can extend the 45 days deadline by hunting and tranquilize the loaners who disobey the rule and escape into the forest. each captured loner earns them a day. david chooses to be a lobster in case he fails, because he believes that the lobster has a long life span and strong sexual capacity. on his first night at the center, david begins his one-handed life and suffers many inconveniences, especially when he want to do pee and poo. at the routine blind date party, david takes the first move to invite a favorite girl for a dance, who's found, however, featured by her nosebleeds. realizing that he shares no common straights with that girl, david gives up his first target. right following the party, the group are sent into the forest to hunt the loners due to his lack of experience. for the first time, david comes back in vain. on the contrary, a heartless girl catches four loaners this time and hits her record highs. someday, the old man is found masturbating himself. he then gets caught up and punished for the rule violation, resulting in his hand lodged forcibly into a burning toaster. what a poor man. how can he do pee or poo with one hand locked up and the other charcoal? he has no hand left for even a thing anymore, let alone the self hormone. let go. on the way to their hunting routine, a biscuit loving old lady, who's about to hit her deadline, tries to hook david with biscuits. david, however, shows no interest in her biscuits and her dying hormone. in order to make himself match with the nose bleeding girl, a guy fakes his nose bleeding by purposely smashing his nose in secret, and eventually gets permitted to match with this girl. they move to the couple's section to begin the one-month trial partnership, where they will live together as a couple, and with all tests pass they will be allowed to go back to the city life. the guy's success motivates david greatly. he then targets a girl who just gets one date left before the deadline. but the girl seems unwilling to compromise a mate of no common trait to her. she would rather choose to be turned into a pony. many days later, as david makes no progress and just gets only six days left to find his match, he targets the heartless girl, who has tranquilized more loners than anyone else. knowing that the heartless girl is featured by her coldness and indifference to the surroundings, david fakes his feelings before the girl and pretends to enjoy the suffering of the biscuit-loving lady who want to commit suicide due to her deadline. in that way, david gains the girl's interest. but at the same time, the heartless girl also tests david for his real emotions. she pretends to be choked by an olive while they're on a date. noticing that, though david makes no attempt to help her, the indifferent look of david does make the heartless girl believe they share the same feature. so the two match together and move to the couple section, where the heartless girl, however, keeps her test on david. sunday morning, she baits david by killing the dog before him. david falls into deep sorrow for the death of his brother, and can't help but bust into tears in the bathroom, which is, however, witnessed by the heartless girl. the girl concludes that their relationship is alive, attempts to drag him to the center manager for punishment. fortunately, with the help of the sympathetic roommate, david tranquilizes the girl down and sends her into the transformation room instead, david manages to escape the corrections center and joins the loaners in the woods, who, on the contrary, follow the opposite rules the community. forbids any kind of romance, man and woman have to stay single, and violators are punished by mutilation of their lips. during a training mission for the loners, a short-sighted girl, sophia, turns to be attracted by the man, david, who's wearing the short-sighted grasses. but she has to hide her affection up since that would absolutely violate against the community guidelines. they develop a gestural language they use to communicate. in the following day, david is confronted and almost shot by the old man coming to haunt the loners. fortunately, he's saved by sophia. as a return, david catches two rabbits for her. on the other side, the roommate offers her secret supports to the leader of the loner community. she even helps them sneak back into the city. with the key given by the room made, they break in the correction center sunday night and take control of the manager and her husband. on the bed, they demand the husband to kill the manager with his own life in danger, the husband pulls the trigger on his wife, but only finds that the loner set him up with an empty gun, which shoots no bullet, though, but under the strict rules, however, triggers loyalty trouble between the manager and her seemingly faithful husband. with their goal achieved, the loners go back to the woods and celebrate their success in fighting back against the corrections center, while at the same time, as their relationship grow with time and trying to avoid rule violation. there, david and sophia plan to return to the corrections center for the match test. however, the leader happens to discover their relationship from sophia's journal and their plan to escape, with david claiming to cure sophia's short-sightedness with a minor surgery, the leader takes her to the city, but instead have her blinded. in rage and despair, sophia tries to stab the leader for revenge, but to no avail. she's then brought back to the woods. learning of the truth later, david gets frightened and anxious, but they now share no common feature anymore, which means they just lose the ticket to the normal city life. david tries to find another commentary that he made bear with sophia, but to no avail. without better choice, he's determined to blind his eyes. but before they leave for the city, david overpowers the leader and buries her. after the revenge, and with their clothes changed, they escape to the city and stop at a restaurant where david takes his excuse to the restroom, attempting to blind himself with a steak knife. but he seems to struggle hard against himself before he could make such a tough decision. while on the other side, sophia just sits there on the lounge, lonely and helpless, waiting anxiously for her lover. this is daniel cc movie channel. bye. 