the film starts while showing a squad of three girls competing with the soldiers. a girl rin attacks a soldier on his head and cuts it into two parts. seeing it, the other soldiers, being scared, starts shooting her. she calls rey for help, who is another member of their squad, coming there. she starts tearing apart the head of the soldiers who were firing. seeing it, all the soldiers get scared and start running back. now we see the third member, yoshi, who blows his head by blowing poison inside him. now we are told that the squad of these girls is called the mutant grill spawn, and this whole movie is based on them. moving further, we are being told the story of a month ago. herein is with her family, and her parents tell her that there is a surprise for you tonight. she gets very happy hearing this, and goes to school. but as soon as she goes to school, all her happiness ends, because some girls there start bullying her and start throwing shoes on rim. as she goes to her classroom, she sees a lot of garbage on her desk. and seeing this makes her very angry. here we see that her hand starts shaking very badly due to what she runs away. after worrying a lot, she decides to cut it. and when she was cutting her hand with a sharp blade, she feels there is someone behind her. and when she looks back, her classmate, rey is standing there. she tries to talk to rey, but she ignores her and moves on. now the girl who was bullying rin starts apologizing to her. but all this was fake, because at the same time, she attacks rin, causing rin to fall unconscious. now when rin regains consciousness, she notices that she is tied to the bed with a belt. she asks the doctor for her glasses, to which the doctor tells her that she will no longer need them, because you are no longer a human but a mutant. she is shocked to hear this. and when the doctor is going to give her injection, she sees very strange changes in her body, like her blood particles are moving rapidly, and her eyes turn from brown to black. a sharp wire emerges from her hand, which cuts off the doctor's ear. now getting a chance, rin runs away from there. when ring comes home, her parents give her a birthday surprise. but she is not happy seeing it but starts crying. now his father gets up and starts explaining something to him, and says that we have to tell you something very important. he takes off his shirt, and seeing her father's body, she feels weird, because his body organs were out of his body and it was looking ugly. she gets very scared seeing this. but her mother calms her down. rin moves away from her and asked if you are also like him. her parents were about to tell her something, but suddenly, no split soldiers attacked them. now, her mother's head gets blasted by their attack. and with this, the leader of the nose bullets attacks his father with his sword and sever his head, which goes straight and falls on the cake. seeing all this, ring gets angry. and again, the same changes start happening in her body, due to which her hand turns into a powerful hand. now she kills all the soldiers with the help of this hand. and when their leader comes, she first cuts off his hand. and anger after this, all the soldiers come together to attack rin. but shockingly, her father's body gets up, and his head guides the body. her father kills all the soldiers and tells her to leave. but she is not safe even after going out, because some people try to kill her there too. here, rin gets very angry, and she kills the man by slicing his head into three pieces. it plays in a live transmission. from there, rin goes into a restaurant where the servant comes forward to help her, but she gets scared, seeing her hand. seeing this, the male servant gets scared and attacks her with a knife. but she defends herself with her hand, and the knife goes straight and enters the female servant's forehead, causing her to die there. as soon as she leaves the restaurant, ren encounters many people who have come to kill her. she confronts them all and starts killing them very mercilessly. now, after killing so many people, she starts enjoying it. now she gets emotional after seeing so many dead bodies, because she killed them all. just then, a man comes from behind who is about to shoot her. but rin doesn't save herself anymore because she wanted to die, because she thinks that she has killed many people, and now it is better for her to die. that man was about to kill rin, but a man named kissaraghi slits the neck of that man. she looks intently at the man, who was accompanied by her classmate, rey. now rin is brought to a school where mutants are taught about their power. here we see an iron mask on wren's face. now in this scene, we are told about mutants who have been living here long before humans lived here. when humans started living here, they started killing mutants and completely destroyed their life. after class, girls start bullying rin here too. now all the girls start showing their powers. and seeing this ring, gets upset and starts running from their butt race stops her and tells her that you are like us and will stay with us. now just then a nurse named yashi comes running. she is very nice, and she behaves with her nicely. she tells her that this mask will be removed from her face when she gets to use his powers. now she tells ray that kisaragi has called her. and when she goes to him, there's a fire there, and the girl was lying on a bed. the environment was showing that kisaragi is doing some experiments on the girl. and then he also tells rey that you will train rim because no one else can do this task except you. now we see rin training with all the other girls. rey gives her a suit and tells her to wear an end fight with her. now, as they both were fighting, rin attacks ray's suit, causing electric shock, and she falls away. ray tells her that this suit has its own powers, and now you have to take care of the power of this suit as well. rin wants to drink water, but she couldn't because of the iron mask. then yashi gives her a straw. now in the next scene, we see kisaragi, who kills three people just to please his goddess. on the other hand, rey attaches rin to a machine that will enhance her powers. due to the machine, rin starts getting changes again in her body, due to which her hand also changes. now ring gets angry and attacks rey, causing her mask to break and fall apart. and kisaragi sees all this, while talking to rin, kisaragi says that you were very special. your mask came off before one year because you our daughter of a human and a mutant. you have a lot of power. now you have to use these powers and do one thing for me. he tells about killing a general. and he also tells that we want to kill him because he wants mutants to be completely finished from here. now the scene changes and it is shown that people are very much scared of rin's video, in which she killed many people. that's why general veruco has arranged a press conference to calm down the people. he tells that we have made a robot that has a lot of power and can easily fight with mutants. when he starts showing that robot, yoshi and rin stand there. instead of the robot, they kill all the guards there. being scared, hiroki runs away in fear, and rin starts chasing him. when she is stopped by one of the generals guards, but ring kills her with her own sword. now ren reaches the general and is about to kill him, but then the same robot comes there, who was made to fight mutants. it was about to kill ryan when yashi comes there, and she spits out some insects that enter the robot's body and kill him. now kisaragi comes there and catches heroki and kills him. when they go out, rin sees that many innocent people have also been killed there, due to which she becomes emotional. meanwhile, rey transforms and splits a girl's head into three because she was crying and asking rin for help. now, all this bothers brin a lot, and she gets a vision in which her parents ask her to listen to her heart and don't follow what anyone else says. next we see that kisaragi came out from behind her and killed her. now, when she wakes up in fear, yoshi is by her side. she asked yoshi if whatever happened yesterday was okay. yoshi does not respond to this, and they both get into a fight. during this fight, both of them realize that they are very good friends, and there is no use in this fight. now the girls of mutants academy start creating havoc in the city. rey is injecting two mutant girls to enhance their powers. and when ray sees yoshi imran, she orders the mutant girls to kill them. here the scene shifts to kisaraku, where we see that he has caught the president of japan. the girl joshi was fighting with accidentally kill each other. yoshi now faces another mutant on whom kisaragi was experimenting. now we see again the notes bullet soldiers who come to fight kisaragu but here, kisaragi became very powerful because he had awakened the goddess of mutants. now we see yashi with the mutant girl, who makes it caught on her hand, from which the fire comes out. here, yashi also attacks the girl. on the other hand, rin and rey are fighting. and when rey gets a bit weak, rin makes her realize that it is not right to kill humans like this. and wright realizes this. and she also realized that the one who instills hatred in her heart is kisaragi. kisaragi is killing all the soldiers by beheading them, and is shouting that you cannot escape from me. you all have to die by my hands. now rey and ring come to take revenge on kisaragi, but kisaragi attacks them. rey pushes rin to save her. on the other hand, yoshi uses her brain and power to suck the mutant girl's powers and kills her with her own powers. now she hears rin's voice, and she immediately goes to her, taking the mutant girl with her. she makes the girl attacks kisaragi, do to which both kisaragi and the girl get blasted. now they think about whether they should save that president, but that president threatens to kill them by calling the mutants, so they kill him too. thanks for watching. please give us a thumbs up if you liked the video, and subscribe to get more video explanations 