welcome to the man of recaps. this is fear the walking dead, season six, episode 14. and remember, you can watch all these new episodes of fear of the walking dead on amc plus. plus check out all their other awesome shows and lose yourself in their epic worlds. this episode is finally centered on alicia. she's a prisoner of teddy, and the end is the beginning. crew right now they're playing his recordings for her about how we're all stuck in a loop and we gotta break free, because the end is the beginning. we get a flashback to see teddy's story of when he was in jail. yes, remember he was the serial killer mortician that john dory's dad got locked up. and we see that he's always been crazy, wanting to destroy the world and restart. and when the zombie apocalypse happened, he's like, hey, i was right. he's like, hey, so you're ready to be a true believer and join my cult yet? but she's like, look, that's just not gonna happen. riley's like, yo. let's just kill this girl. but teddy, oh, grabs him by the dick from behind. for some reason, he thinks alicia is very important to his plans. he needs her alive. so he's gonna go off on some sort of road trip for her. but just then some new recruits are coming in, and one of them is dakota. yeah, she's here undercover to try to find and rescue alicia. but alicia's like, yo girl. you killed john dory after i was nice to you. alicia went through this exact same thing in season four, when charlie killed her brother nick. and it's like, yo kid. i already forgave one teenager that killed someone i loved. i'm not gonna do it again. when teddy learns dakota's got mommy issues, it's like, hey, jump in the truck. you're coming with us, cause this trip is all about mothers. in fact, it looks like they're heading towards the baseball stadium where alicia lived with her mother, madison. but apparently that's just a coincidence, because they're actually heading to some sort of mausoleum where teddy's picking up a dead body. yeah, this is his mother, who he's like creepily obsessed with in a psycho-type way. apparently he wants to pick up their body because when they nuke the whole world, that way she can like, return to the earth and be part of their new beginning. they blow a tire though, and crash. his mother's body goes flying out the back, and he's gotta pick it up. he's kissing it on the mouth. what a gross guy. they're fighting off some walkers, but then saved by a blast from the past. it's cole, part of the season four group that was at the stadium with him. it's like, what's up, alicia? yeah, after madison lured all the walkers into the stadium and set fire to it, like we, and some of the group were able to get out, he's gonna help him find some new tires. and on the way, alicia explains she's got a new group now, and how currently she's sort of kidnapped by teddy, but isn't trying to escape yet, because she wants to find out what his evil master plan is. unfortunately, it turns out coal and the stadium survivors are not good people anymore. yeah, they've become raiders to survive. they take the whole group hostage. and it's like, yeah, sorry, alicia, but we're just gonna take all your stuff. this is how we live now. now, he heard teddy has some sort of bunker with a ton of supply stockpiled it's like, where is it, old man? but teddy's not talking. he has zero fear of death. he really believes that if he dies, he'll be part of the new beginning. cole tries to get him to talk by threatening his mother's dead body. oh, that'll get him. but turns out teddy doesn't care, because that isn't actually his mother. it was all a fake. his real plan actually was to drive alicia to the ruins of the stadium to try to, like, you know, convince her that nothing's worth saving. and we get the story of how her's mother thought he was crazy, and then he had to kill her. he buried her in the backyard, and that spring flower sprouted over her grave. and it's like, oh, i see. the end is the beginning. anyway, they're going to kill them all when some zombies show up, and alicia takes the opportunity to escape. oh, this handful of walkers somehow kill all the stadium crew, even though they all had guns. in the end, alicia's got her gun on coal, and it's like, hey, man, i can't believe you became a bad person. my mom died so you could live. you were supposed to make it mean something. blam. alicia kills him, and teddy's like, you see now the world's not worth saving. we need to start again. he feels like he can trust alicia now, so he finally explains his master plan. he tells her about the nuclear submarine he found, and how those two keys will launch the missile and destroy everything. although if there's only one missile, i guess it won't destroy everything, just like some of texas. in any case, alicia grabs his gun. it's like, ha, thanks for telling me. now i can finally get out of here. but dakota pulls a gun on her. yes, she and teddy have been talking this whole episode. and as an impressionable young girl who's a little bit crazy anyway, she's fully on board the teddy train. now, alicia managed to contact strand on the walkie and be like, yo, he's got a nuclear sub you got to find it and disarm it. but that's all she could say before riley and the rest of the crew show up, and she's a prisoner again. they take her to their new base, a hotel that has a secret military apocalypse bunker under it. this is where they're gonna ride it out. and teddy's like, look, alicia, i need you to survive, because, like, i'm gonna be the end, and you can be the beginning. i don't know what exactly he means by that, but in any case, for now he locks her up in the cell, and that's where the episode comes to an end. now you already know amc plus is the place for all things the walking dead, but you also get access to a ton of other great shows. discover the romance thriller, a discovery of witches, where witches, vampires and demons live among us. a dangerous mystery and a forbidden romance. this kind of thing's my guilty pleasure. looking for an action-packed crime drama? you gotta watch gangs of london. enter the violent streets of fictional modern london as sean wallace hunts down his father's killer and rises to the top of the criminal underworld. if horror is your thing, you're just in time for shutters. halfway to halloween month with a packed lineup of new horror shows and movies. catch new episodes of creep show season 2, still the most fun you'll ever have being scared. maybe you're into the punk fantasy world of the watch, where an unlikely group of misfits have to find the guts to save the world, a comedy adventure with wizards, werewolves and dragons. i mean, come on, i gotta check it out. so click the link in the description to sign up for your 7 day free trial of amc plus. now get all the walking dead content you love, plus explore the rest of their epic worlds. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 