Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2018 American science fiction action film called 'Extinction'. The film was directed by Ben Young and written by Spenser Cohen and Brad Kane. The story is centered around a man who has a recurring vision that results in the death of his family. During the vision, he also witnesses an evil entity determined to destroy all of mankind. There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Peter, an engineer, has dreams in which he and everyone he knows are subjected to horrific alien invasion-style encounters with an unidentified enemy. He has a difficult relationship with his wife, Alice, and daughters Hanna and Lucy as a result of this. He unwillingly goes to a clinic for psychiatric assistance, only to discover that another patient there is seeing the same images, and that the mind can only conceal them. This leads Peter to assume that his visions are foreshadowing an impending invasion. One evening, while spending time at home with his family, Peter's worst fears come true. Invading spacecrafts open fire on the city, causing severe damage. In the midst of the chaos, ground soldiers can be heard slaughtering civilians. After realising what is happening, Peter and Alice quickly barricade the entrance to their apartment. Lucy is discovered cowering beneath a table by an armoured alien soldier who bursts past the barrier. The soldier takes a breather to inspect the girl, allowing Peter and Alice to disable him. Peter takes his family out of the building, armed with the soldier's rifle. Peter and his family decide to take refuge in the factory where Peter works, based on his visions. He is able to eliminate the troops protecting the apartment building's exit by bypassing the rifle's biometric verification. They find a tunnel entry and make their way to the plant safely, but not before Alice is hurt by a bomb blast. As they reassemble, the soldier from their flat approaches, having followed them down using the homing signal on Peter's gun. The soldier takes off his helmet and emerges human, much to Peter's surprise. Peter orders the man to carry Alice to the factory as she is injured and unable to walk. When they arrive at the factory, they meet with David (Peter's boss), who reveals that the invasion is not a surprise. And in fact he has been waiting for it to happen for a long time. A doctor checks over Alice to but tells Peter that there is nothing that can be done to help her. The soldier shouts to Peter that he can save Alice, as David's men try to drag the invading soldier away to be executed. Peter offers to stay with the soldier to make sure his wife is safe. Meanwhile, David will take their children to a metro station, where they will board a transport train to an offsite base. Peter is taken aback when the soldier reveals that Alice is a synthetic (AI). Alice will need an other source of power to save herself: Peter himself. With the soldier's help, Peter uses a pocket knife to cut open his own chest, revealing that he, too, is a synthetic. The soldier attaches a wire between the two synthetics, and Peter faints. Peter vividly recalls what he believed were visions of the future, but are actually recollections of a previous battle, in which the military targeted unarmed synthetics, thinking that they might rise up against humans. The synthetics retaliated and finally expelled all humans from the planet. During the tension, Peter and Alice met, and while battling the humans, they discovered Hanna and Lucy, who are also synthetics. Most synthetics (including Peter and his family) deleted their memories and lived as humans, unknowing of their nature or past, to deal with the guilt of what they had done and avoid living in dread of retaliation from humans. When Peter awakens, Miles, the soldier, informs him that people have been residing on Mars for the past 50 years. He had anticipated the synths to be monsters, not families with children, and after seeing Lucy under the table, he realised he couldn't execute anyone. As the humans breach the factory's roof, Peter and Alice part peacefully with Miles to find their daughters. As they board the train, David reveals that he and a few other synthetics have retained their memories to prepare for the humans' eventual return. Peter believes that humans and synthetics will be able to live in harmony one day. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 