As the movie start, we see one couple who are enjoying in ocean with boating. and suddenly they see an island, and they decide to go there. and after reaching there, boy start to park, but his wife enter the island alone with being happy. and she start to play in that island. but after sometime, an unknown animal attack her. and that animals start to move form there, taking with her. so she began to shout, and her husband also listen her shouting. but scene change here, and we see two brother Jack and john, who are coming in same island with their friends with the help of shipplane. and we know here that this island owner is an uncle of these two brothers. but unfortunately, uncle death already. . After reaching the island, they start to move towards their uncle house. and next day, when they are playing with each other, they found a small dog, which is very cute and innocent. and they bring a dog I their house. but after sometime, that dog goes outside of the house. so two of them, whose name is john and Melina, also goes outside of the house to search that dog. and they see a dog is hiding behind the large grass. and when they goes to bring a dog back. but one large dog attack the Melina. and john help her, and he bring Melina to the uncle house. but all those people take these incident normal, and then they don't take serious. and next day, when they are going to swimming in ocean, but that boy who came here with his wife appear here. and he start to warning them to leave these place. but suddenly, group of large dog came here, and they start to kill that boy. . After seen this, those three boys start to ran from there. and when they just entering the home, one large dog attack Melina. and john also instantly attack the dog nut due to the air that bow enter into Melina legs. but anyway, they all enters into a house and they start to leave that island. but the see that the dogs already cut their rope of shipplane, and shipplane start to move in the ocean. after seen this, john enter into a ocean to bring the shipplane, but there are already two dogs on the shipplane, and dogs came to kill john. but anyway, they ran form there, and they came back in uncle house again. . In home, Melina behaviour also start to change due to the dog bite. and suddenly, those two knows that their uncle has training compound in this island, where the can ask for help with the help of radio. so they decide to compound for that. they said Melina to bring car form garage. . After that, Melina reach there, but a car doesn't get start. and suddenly those large dog also came there, and they start to attack Melina. so due to the this reason, she returns home without bringing a car. and that night, those large dog enter their house form basement, and they kill a friend of those group. and other People were shift to upper side of house because basement is not safe now. and scene cut here, and we see those two brother start the car anyhow. and they goes to their house to bring those two girl, Melina and Nicki. but due to the dog bite, Melina has Benn already died when they reach there. so those two brother and their friend Nicki start to move form there towards to compound. After reaching there, they saw two, three dogs are already were there. so those two brother start to fight with dog. but after some time, a group of dog came there. but before group of dog start to attack them, Nicki came there with car, and she safe them. and they start to move form there. and while they are moving, they saw a boat in ocean. so they enter a car in ocean, and they get success to go outside form that island with the help of boat. and movie end here. please subscribe the channel and hit the bel icon. bye. 