do you know commander mackenzie? he has a daughter. i can't leave without her. i'll take you to mcdonald's. we can get you out, you and the baby. but you have to go right now. who's we? martha's. you're being cool. confusing her like this. i'm confusing dear lord. what have you done? you're gonna see your son again. i'm not his mother anymore. of course you are. your son is in canada. he's free with your wife. you don't need to protect me as a person in need of protection. do you wish to seek asylum in the country of canada? you're not gonna be any trouble, are you? no, sir, are you? luke, yeah, your wife saved my life. they're safe. emily, the baby, they made it. did you try to find me? i tried so hard. why didn't you try harder? you let them do that to serena? we all have our roles to play. serena needed to be reminded of ours. what did you do? i did what was best for my child. you're getting favored to a murderer. i said, internet of gilead, have a nice life. don't get caught. you guys are handmade you're sweden, aren't you? it's dangerous, my friends. turn away, right? it was my choice. i drove you to desperation. women like you are like children, asking for too much, taking whatever you want. damn the consequence. you're helping her escape. yes. she just needs a safe place to wait. it's your funeral. clean it up. who's in the basement? just beth. we saw rat. she screamed, that's a lie. i knew it was a mistake taking you the american. i am the boy and his mother can go, but i'm afraid you'll need a canadian visa. oh, i would never have put you in a new posting after what you pull to the mackenzie's. you should be on the wall. when's she gonna let him know that she's here. um, hi. you want me to go back to fred? you know there's no place in this world for you without fred. serena, okay. after what you put us through, i'm not sure you know you spoiled your little girl. you gave that baby your way, and it wasn't even yours. she isn't my friend. i need you to know what it was like between us. spoilers, i'm not that person anymore. maybe we're stronger than we think we are. fine. only a mother could do what you did. if you just think about all the other mothers who have had their children taken away from them, you have to try. did you maybe give her a real voice behind the scenes? if that would fix things? it's worth discussing. commander wants to reconcile, but he doesn't know how to do it. so i made a suggestion. did you maybe use strings? have you found her respectful? we've had trouble with her in the past. yes, i won't go now. all right, my love. you know that man, is it? lucas bankhold, yes. a young girl of hannah's age attend a school for domestic arts. the one in her district is in brookline, by the reservoir. thank you. she's gotten so big. [Music], serena waterford, luke bancol what do you want out of this? i just wanted to see my daughter. she's not your daughter or yours. well, you'd like to arrange a visit with nicole? one visit to say goodbye to you, and i'll hold here. [Music], we launched a preliminary complaint to canada, petitioning for nicole's return. i thought this is what you wanted. our daughter's safe in canada. luke, there are some things i need to tell you. nicole was born out of love. our father's a driver named nick. you met him? i'm doing what i need to to survive. we are family in mourning. and we make this request to the canadian government. our beloved baby daughter, nicole waterford, was kidnapped by a dangerous fugitive fleeing our country. i am trying to get to her. i promise. i love you. do you know commander mackenzie? he has a daughter. her name is agnes. protect her, please. just love her for me to look at starting a series of district-wide salvagings. one last measured push would roll up the last of the insurgent strongholds. attend a school for domestic arts. the one in her district is in proclaimed by the reservoir. women make things awkward for you. it is awkward. but who cares? what? i've seen a lot of these reunions, and it's not always a storybook ending singer changed everything from me. seeing her changed you. it didn't change this place. waterford has to borrow you. and he's trying to force the canadians to talk about repatriating his daughter. you know, this is all gonna be over soon. you're gonna get to go back home, and we're gonna stay here, and you and i will finally be free of one another. history, bright future, perhaps here in d.c. you will never be free of me until both my children are safe. i should have put a ring in your mouth the day that we met. i should have let you burn my attention. think about the good i could do if i can help just one person. today we purify that most grievous of sins, the endangerment of a child. mackenzie asked you to stop. i just came for my fourth hanging this week her school in brooklyn. go to the gate guardian, parker, he's there today. that's enough. you're a child. yes? he made me truly worthy again. yes. go for a walk. i really shouldn't. i'll make sure nothing happens to you. show me the trick you left screen. i'm so sorry. she won't stop asking about the children. mckenzie's are gone, gone where. i don't know. not even my commander knocks. i saw you. is mrs lauren's okay. do not presume to speak to me about my life. what happened to you at loaves and fishes? talking to that martha i saved you. do you have any idea what you did? never be free of me until both of my children are safe. that is my constant prayer for nicole. you will not let her go because i love her. this isn't love. you can't love it. you're being so mean. she got someone executed. she doesn't feel sorry about it. she should have kept her [ __ ] mouth shut. you will have matthew doesn't want her baby. well, it was just a second. that's a sin. sins of a child is among the gravest of sins. the commander tried to have children. i wanted to. he disagreed. they were always adjusting my dosage. i wish we could have, hey, lydia, may i go home please? you may go home when your walking partner goes home, of course, it's returned. we do our best to move the others along quickly. you're not well, no, june. so much leverage comes from the child. they're back home. you want me to keep her there just for a bit? my offer still stands. treason and coco. that's you you never have to go back to gilead again. do you really think that i would leave my home see my daughters again? she's someone's child too. i honor the handmaid's life by saving her child. how will you honor your daughters? it's been months. we're no closer to nicole. i met someone in canada who can help us, an american. i'm going to get out as many children as i can. they all deserve to be free. no a message from the network. no more medication for eleanor for the resistance. how do you know i chose lawrence's contributions to gilead have been substantial. but first, he's had four handmaids. not one is produced. if he's unfit to lead his household, he's unfit to leave. yeah, i'm leaving. joseph would help you. you could leave together. joseph is a war criminal. he can't cross the border. he would be jailed for the rest of his life, and he would deserve it. lawrence's comparing witness. we pray with you for a fruitful outcome. you. i'll get you a truck. you get my wife out safely. you can get out too. you just have to bring them something valuable. kids. do you the doctor is going to check me. you are the love of my life. do you know anyone who could help me move children out? i'm going to get them out. you're going to get yourself killed. commander waterford, you have now crossed into canada. we are arresting you for war crimes, crimes of aggression in violation of international human rights treaties. and brothers muffins mean, yes, we're gonna need a bigger boat. you should go. eleanor, you were raped because of him. i need him now. i have a plan. eleanor, it is you. let's talk. sit down. take off your panties. are you billy? you have access to a cargo plane. you want a ride? not for me, for bet and a commander and his wife and 52 children. so you'll do it. they'll be coming for us. hey, there's a service elevator at the end of the hall on the left. they grabbed me in chicago. i saw you at the cages. you saved me. you're [ __ ] fantastic. billy's in. it's happening a week from today. all right. the waterfronts are now in custody in toronto, expecting to get your baby back. but they were ambushed. are they in prison, facing trial as war criminals? martha's will bring the kids to the lauren's house after dark. then he'll get them to the plane. i went in. i'll scored a kid. what closed the border. move up our departure did. plane is on a weekly schedule. it has to look legit. you need to convince them to keep the border open. where you go grave eleanor, wake up. may the good lord forgive her sins, eleanor, for we did not save her troubled soul. in the name of god, we commit the body of eleanor to the peace of the grain. i kept the border open. you convinced the council. it's hard to argue with a man who's in mourning. it isn't about being right. for having the people or god on your side. set by the eyes. i will get the children to the airport. the plane leaves at midnight. you wouldn't do anything that would put your friends in danger, would you? of course not. hey, lydia, watch yourself. you got it. i didn't surrender my rights, mr, toelo. i traded them for my daughter. you've cooperated completely with that comes privileges. she has a plan. seriously, it's taking too long. the plane will be waiting for us at midnight. no, no, no, no. yeah, i'm sorry. let her go. under warrant from the icc and the government of the united states of america, i'm placing you under arrest. forced your driver to impregnate ms osborne so you could claim the resulting child. nick and alfred had a relationship. we have to go. we have to go now. get everybody out. get the bags. guess what you're gonna do. you're gonna take them, follow the fence, find a safe place to get them across. all right, get them on the plane. okay, don't, don't do this. hands up. oh, clear. false alarm. [Music], luke, she did this. june, your june, she did this. [Music], i know they're sorrows, and i am come to deliver them from the hand of evil men and to lead my people out of that sorrowful place. [Music], 