welcome to the brand-new trivia and Easter egg show. I'm your host, definition and this is where we break down our top tented bits of trivia about all of the latest movies. throughout this video, we'll be going over Toy Story 4 to let you know some amazing insights about the film. there may be some spoilers here, so if you haven't seen the movie yet, then I highly recommend a turn off now. but without the way, thanks for clicking this video. now, sit back, relax, and let's get into our top 10 breakdown. number 10, mr. Potato Head. unfortunately, in 2017, voice of mr. Potato Head, at don rickles, passed away before he had the opportunity to record his lines for Toy Story 4. however, at the request of Rickles family, who were desperate to see the character in the film, Disney Pixar went back and created his performance in the new movie from a mixture of recordings from the last three films, Toy Story games, theme park rides and more. number 9, movie connections. Pixar films often jam-packed with Easter eggs and crossovers that tie all of the universes together. and Toy Story 4 is no different in the movie. boo from Monsters Inc, can be seen at several points behind Bonnie as she creates for ki in kindergarten. number 8, tin toys. in addition to boo, teni from tin toy also appears in the film. for those who don't know, tin toy is the movie that starred it all and was the first Pixar film ever created that pretty much got studio funding to make Toy Story. it's great to see that, even after 30 years, the studio still remembers its roots. number 7, up connection in the marketing for the film, we can also see that there were several other Easter eggs included in the promotions, such as the poster for the film, which contained the gambling dogs picture from up. it just goes to show how widespread Pixar have become, and is always something to keep an eye out for with every facet of these films. number 6 - kaboom. Toy Story 4 isn't just packed with Easter eggs itself, though, and characters from it have also appeared in other Pixar films throughout the years. most notably, do kaboom, voiced by Keanu Reeves, appeared in The Incredibles - as one of Jack Jack's. number five, the matrix. Pixar doesn't just reference their own films either. as in the closing credits for the film, Jukka boom gets his mind blown and announces, whoa. this is probably the most famous line from The Matrix, and has become a catchphrase of Keanu Reeves over the air since he first said it back in 1999. number four are MRF 9/7. during one point of the film when Bo Peep is taken away, we can see that the license plate on the car reads rmr F 97. this is a reference to a computer command that Nalia raised all of Toy Story 2 when the main file for the film was nearly deleted off the servers at Pixar. it's great that they can laugh about it now, but imagine if they'd actually lost all of that work. sheesh. number three, goosebumps. the dummies in the film are neat little Easter eggs for goosebumps fans, who will, of course, remember slappy the dummy from the series. similar to slappy, these dummies have a sinister side. and it's an amazing callback for those who grew up on the books the music played when the dummies are introduced is midnight, the Stars and you, which is the same song played in the final scene of The Shining by Stanley Kubrick. and is also another tie-in to the directors filmography that comes at number two with 2001 a Space Odyssey. Buzz Lightyear has many recorded lines that are tied directly to the buttons on his chest, including one which says, open the pod bay doors. sci-fi fans will of course instantly recognizes from Stanley Kubrick's seminal space film, 2001 a Space Odyssey. and it's a great little callback to let us know that buzz really has been to infinity and beyond. number one, a soft remake. and finally, though Toy Story 4 is not considered a remake or reboot, it does share a lot of similarities to the first film. in both we follow characters who are convinced that they are not toys, and they becomes stranded away from their owners, with Woody having to go out of his way to rescue them. overall, it's an amazing aesthetic that brings this franchise full circle. and it's the perfect way to end the list. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this list. and if there's any other trivia that you'd like to add, then make sure you leave it in the comments below. this is a brand new type of show that we're doing here at the channel. so if you enjoyed it, then make sure you give this video a thumbs up. and don't forget to check out our full breakdown of Toy Story fours ending, which would be linked at the end. it covers all of the aspects of the finale as well as our thoughts on the film. so it's definitely worth checking out after this video. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 