hi. so this movie is based off of a song that I would call the Christians version of lose yourself. it's like Christians version of Thriller, almost. this is that joint where believers just have to hear and they're high with the spirit. and, well, I'm not the biggest fan of how, you know, a majority of Christian movies are made because they're kind of cheesy. they're not the best crafted films. I gotta say, these two brothers right here, who also made the movie Woodlawn, are probably the best Christian filmmakers that are out there. and I think they made a decent rent set for your youth group with this one. oh, let me explain. so if you don't know the band MercyMe, it's a Christian group that sings contemporary Christian music. but then they also did folk music whenever that was popping. and then, you know, I dabble in pop music in order to hit the charts one time. and I think they're coming out with a trap album just to keep up with the trends. so while I'm not a biggest fan of their newer stuff, they did make like Amazing Grace 2.0 with this song back when it charted in 2001, and I'm pretty sure it's still, like, on Caleb's top 10 every week, you know, when they're not doing their pledge drive. so this movies about how that song, the biggest Christian song, was written in only 10 minutes, but how it took this guy's entire life to get there. like offset with bamboozle. dude was raised in a home where the mom just dipped the dad was hitting him with breakfast plates, and his only form of escape was star loading it with his Walkman. but because he's a football player, he was never able to focus on the arts, until Michelle Obama from war room over here, Troy Bolton's him, cast him in the school play, and all of a sudden he falls in love with music. eventually he ends up running away. this man joins a band. they call themselves Mercy Me because, you know, that's what your grandma would say if you decided to run off without an actual job. but even though they're selling out shows and there, you know, like, selling their mixtapes all around, nobody wants to sign them. now, I'll say this because we see a couple of flashbacks, especially with the kid actors who, y'all ain't Abigail Breslin and Jacob Trembley. but I wish there was a little bit more focus with the girl, because that ends up being his future wife. and, you know, since they met when they were fetuses, that would have been, you know, more of an interesting story. since they have history, the mom dipping and not bringing her back in the movie, like, we don't see her at all until the end credits, where it says that she's back in his life, and his his biggest fan after he made a big hmm. but the main part of the movie that I think is definitely the highlight, because this is what inspires him to write the song, is his relationship with his dad. at first, when you see Dennis Quaid, the dude is just clenching his lips tighter than a butthole. and that's like the only thing that they showed him make him angry. but it's the second half when they finally start fleshing out his story. dude failed with the sports career. he hates his job. his wife left him, he's disappointed with his son. and on top of that, to do this cancer though, it's one of those things where it's like, you feel bad for the guy, but no way in Hades were you staying in that house. at this point, Bart's career still isn't going anywhere, even though he's on tour, everyone's rejecting him. so he decides, you know what, I'm just gonna go back home, even though he hates us that, even though he despises the man. but the moment he meets up with him and he learns that he has cancer, and he learns that this man has done a complete 180 he forgives them, which is what the movies about. now, obviously, the data tributes is to finding God. and that causes Bart to go, well, Shu, if God can change the dude who hit me with a frickin plate of scrambled eggs, maybe there's something special here. him and his dad reconnect. they become best friends. they write notes with each other, they go to church, and then he dies. obviously, that sucks. but at the same time, it's that death that causes him to go completely full spongebob, create the song that would eventually change his life, and talk about the afterlife that would also affect many others to come. Saint Amy grants is about to buy the song and make it her own. but she's a real G she promotes it for them. it becomes the biggest CCM song of all time, saves lives, makes a movie and does the unimaginable, except they messed up with that. um. michael w smith casting like i was worse than snoop in Compton. thinking. as for checking out this video, I'm curious to know your thoughts. like I said, I'm very critical when it comes to Christian films. because if this was supposed to be the Word of God, then y'all got to do y'all gotta do god's films justice. and this one knee, you know what stands up in the crowd, we'll see how God's not dead. three does. but other than that, let me know what else you want me to cover, comment, like and subscribe down below. and I still got those guys, not that seven tickets if you want 