hello and welcome to movies in five minutes or less. this is a recap of the 2020 action movie birds of prey, starring margot robbie. warning, spoilers ahead. the joker breaks up with harley quinn four years after the enchantress is defeated, dumping her on the streets of gotham city. she is taken in by doc, the owner of a taiwanese restaurant, and recovers from her relationship by cutting her hair, adopting a spotted hyena, whom she names after bruce wayne, and taking up roller derby. harley gets wasted in a nightclub owned by brutal crime lord roman zionist, and cripples his driver after the latter taunts her. she meets dinah lance, a burlesque performer who later saves an inebriated harley from an attempted kidnapping. dinah's fighting talents excites zionists, and he hires her as his new driver. harley burns up the ace chemicals plant the next night in order to publicly proclaim her split with joker. meanwhile, gcpd detective renee montoya is looking into a series of mob killings committed by a vigilante brandishing a crossbow. when montoya discovers harley's jewelry at the ace chemicals explosion site, she realizes that harley is in danger without the joker's protection. she attempts to enlist dinah as an informant, but dinah declines. zionist dispatches dinah and victor's as his sadistic right-hand man to acquire a diamond encrusted with the account numbers for the bernalillo crime family's money, which was massacred years before. cassandra cascane, a young pickpocket, steals the diamond from zazz and eats it. after being apprehended. harley is apprehended by cyanis soldiers while fleeing montoya and several other individuals she has hurt. dinah warns montoya and zazz informs scientists that cassandra has the jewel. cyanist kidnaps harley and forces her to retrieve the diamond under duress, as well as placing a price on cassandra. harley frees cassandra by breaking into the gcpd using a variety of non-lethal grenade launcher rounds, inspired by fireworks, and the two escape. harley and cassandra build a bond while hiding out at the former's flat after escaping the crossbow killer, who is revealed to be helena bernelli, approaches doc for information. helena has been hunting each of the criminals responsible for her family's killings, preferring the moniker hunter dress, after surviving her family's massacre and becoming trained as an assassin. later, when harley's flat is bombed by criminals searching for cassandra, doc regretfully admits that he sold harley out. harley contacts zionists and offers to hand over cassandra in exchange for his protection, with the two agreeing to meet at an abandoned amusement park. dinah informs montoya of the meeting, but zaz notices her treason and worn sinus zionist, distraught, dons his ritualistic mask, earning him the moniker black mask. montoya confronts harley in the park, but harley knocks her out of a window. zaz enters, tranquilizes harley and holds dinah at gunpoint, but he is killed by helena, who explains that zaz was the last of her family's murders. montoya reappears, and the two engage in a standoff until they realize cyanus has arrived with a small army of masked criminals. the impromptu team successfully withstands and repels their attack using harley's old gear. cassandra is taken by zionist during the struggle, but dinah uses her meta-human power of supersonic level screaming to beat several of cyanus mobsters on roller skates. harley pursues zionists, and with helena's help, the two catch up with him. the last showdown takes place on a nearby dock. sinus is about to execute cassandra when she takes the ring from a grenade she slid under his jacket earlier after stealing it from harley's weapons chest. just as the device detonates, harley knocks cyanus off the pier, killing him. montoya resigns from the gcpd after defeating cyanus criminal enterprise. helena joins forces with dinah and montoya to form the birds of prey, a vigilante group that uses the money from the accounts buried inside the diamond, which was recovered from cassandra harley and cassandra flee, selling the diamond to a pawn shop and launching their own company. thanks for watching movies in 5 minutes or less. don't forget to subscribe to our channel. till next time 