hi you, Walter. yeah, hi Heidi. it's April 10th, 2018. this is Heidi Bergman, I'm with homecoming client Walter Cruz. week one, session one. I'm Thomas crass. go with the dod IG the what? the Department of Defense. you were employed at the homecoming transitional support center? oh, yes. how many years ago did you work at homecoming? I don't know, maybe four. okay. Walter Cruz, 26 years old. three tours. you got here one Friday. yeah. and you acknowledge that your participation in the homecoming initiative is voluntary and uncoerced? yeah, yes. quit the job in Tampa cuz your mom got hurt. now you work here at this restaurant with them in their own voluntarily. I don't remember. what about the name? Walter Cruz, you [ __ ] nut, you'll interrupt. and the Schreyer apologize. we picked up the old guy and told me, just got back. and it turns out he was in the Navy, so it was basically cool. I mean, he was wrong. he knows it. we're in Florida again. help. that's all there is to it. hi, Collin. can he hold on just a second? we're done. get your [ __ ] out of my bathroom in your [ __ ] Forks. no, Schreyer has ramped up to leak four dosage. so taking him off the medication, you know that withdraws could be serious panic attacks, hallucinations. what? no, doubling the doses. what's your feeling on that? uh, vivid. I think we would run the risk of seriously over medicating the clients. I mean, VA near there are bases. no, no, I'm a waitress now. I'm joking. you could hear Joe, I'm the only thing you cared about now. I don't what do you eat? I explain you what happened with Schreyer. it was mostly mental. you did. yes. so where is he? where did they take him? nobody took him anywhere. he's back. look, you don't have to do that. okay. you think I'm trying to speak with someone about homecoming. it was a DoD subcontract. so that program is no longer operational, right? Heidi Bergman, no, but was discharged for violent misconduct the same day Bergman was hospitalized. okay, we are using a medication to delete the harmful responses to the traumatic memories. good. and you're on board with that, yes? of course. I'm sorry. I just want you to come home. he's had a week for dosage. Heidi, if he quits US Mint at this point, he's gonna go into a stall. hi, Colin its. Heidi, I just wanted to let you know we had an unexpected visitor here today. but I managed the situation and everything is is fine. okay. Bru's is five. he's been doing great. we had identified a specific incident, a friend of his who died, and we reviewed that last week, and this week it's gone :. sure, yes. yes, that's great. he's even lost unrelated memories for months before the incident. yeah, okay. so we'll just, we will tweak the medication. that's a serious, serious problem with other clients are having the same experience. he said he felt great. well, there you go. the facts of what you're telling me are what, guy goes off and has a bunch of awful experiences. guy comes back, gets treated, and now he feels better. so I'm going to deploy these guys and way sooner than we thought. [Music] played him, yes, they are. mean, what what do you think we're doing here? preparing them for civilian life? but Walter, he doesn't want that. how do you know that? he told me. and I'm promised. [Music]. I know you. I can't imagine what you're feeling right now, the memories, the guilt. you were right ready. Bo what about me? I wrote the book, I ran the program, the dosing. look, I don't know. I've never even stepped foot here. okay, I don't, I don't know. she's quit. everything you say, everything about you is [ __ ]. okay, just calm down. you have made me say, take it easy. hey, they told me about my deployment. how do you feel about that? good. yeah, no, I'm excited, actually. I think so. I may be able to come. what is this yoky? Tuesday's Italian day. yeah, sure. and so you'll, you'll be elevating this to the inspector general. yes, executive. how can I help you? hi, this is Pam Bailey at the DoD. I have a situation here somewhat urgent. you ate the food the [ __ ] medic at the same doses him a week six of it, and then you forced her a second meal on Walter Cruz, who'd already had his full dose. yes. how could we deploy him like that? I guess we can't. you're right. I told you he doesn't want to go back. I'm coming down there, and I'm gonna screw your [ __ ] cat out straight. you hear me? I won't be here. what? mr. Geist and I discussed all of that, if you take responsibility for your actions, that would mean a lot to him. it could affect your future here. and this isn't solution. [Applause]. [Music], what have you done to her? a target memory? something they did to see if the memories were deleted. that was your job, just so that you could send them back. is everything all right? yeah, driving around, and I saw this little place for sale, cabin. yeah, I look pretty good, so I stayed. it's nice talking to you. good luck. [Music], thank you. [Music] you 