welcome to slash forward on this curse. today we're gonna explore the curse at film that was the free paradise, the island of dr. Moreau. let's get to it. we opened hovering over the Java Sea, taking a bird's-eye view of a life raft. its occupants are experiencing some intertribal differences, which caused these competing alphas to take their engorged red buttocks overboard and become shark food. our survivor, Douglas, is adrift for a time, surviving long enough to be picked up and lived the subsequent days as if in a dream. as he begins to recover, he gets to know the ship's veterinarian, Montgomery, who tells him that with no radio, he'll have to stay below to hydrate and wait until they reach dry land to attempt to contact help. they arrive shortly at murrow's Island, and Douglas finds Montgomery playing with his dinghy, preparing a shipment of exotic animals. as they traverse the island, they take a moment to cuddle and kill their dinner for the evening, and then travel to the main compound. when they arrive, Montgomery requests he limit his movement to the main house for liability purposes. of course. nothing weird going on here, of course. so he waits his host and takes in some sights. assuming Aissa is only dancing in the open because she wants to be seen, she introduces herself as dr. murrow's daughter. and Skinner's off at the sight of Monty, we learned that dr. Moreau is a Nobel prize-winning geneticist who stole away to the island seventeen years ago to conduct his research. and Peet's Montgomery then shows Douglas to his room, where he locks him in from the outside. a fur is own good though. later Douglas works his way out torso style and wanders in the direction of a strange yowling noise. he walks in on a barnyard delivery, but of an unusual nature, and the baby pops out, looks at like what, and he's like her. and then he runs off to be retrieved by Aissa, who offers to show him the way out, so long as he promises never to speak ill of her father, which sounds like a fantastic deal. their path is blocked by these dapper crimes against nature, forcing them deep inland where the beasts are fear and hunger for meat. they eventually enlist the help of a primate brother named Sasi, man Roger, born right like a man, who's sassy, who leaves them to the safety of the sky craft where the animals await, Captain Walker to take them to the land of high scrapers. and, knowing the inhabitants here are friendly, if stinky, and they take sanctuary at a makeshift church, where we learn that monotheistic asceticism is going strong. but then the father, dr. Moreau himself, arrives in his popemobile. he demonstrates his empathy and power by giving Douglas a gun to assuage his fear and hitting the disobedient beasts with a sapper. later at dinner, they're joined by morose children, and after a traumatic reading, get to talking about the good doctor's intentions. he's seeking to refine the human species and eliminate the devil he found in his microscope by interbreeding humans and animals. the monstrosities around him are tweeners, created in the pursuit of the perfect combo, which he believes he's close to. achieving. he's offended by the serving of meat, concerned the island occupants may see the killing of an animal and partake in the practice. Douglass confirms that they did indeed see dead rabbits in the woods. so a trial is set for the next day. the trial is less about justice, the more about setting an example through pain. however, when he attempts to demonstrate his benevolence, the message gets crossed. and now low my is he thing in heaven. when hyena is paying his respects, sifting through the remains, he makes a curious discovery and learns how to take control of his life. later, Montgomery is administering medicine to the manimals. it's necessary to stop them from regressing, although the consequences of this are unspecified. he mixes in some recreational drugs to keep them happy and compliance. they spy a patient keeping his distance. when Montgomery tries to reel him in, he shows off his discovery and escapes into the wilderness, managing to evade the hunting party. that night, Monty confounds Douglass's attempts to communicate with the outside world and enlists his help in finding hyena before he spreads the idea of removing implants. sho'nuff. the beasts are in the woods, killing freely, unperturbed by threat of pain. they eventually sneak onto campus and are greeted by a bemused dr. moreau, who offers to show their ears music. he notices their bleeding flanks, and the conversation turns to, why am i and what's up with this life of pain? moreau palms the sapper from mini-me, but finds it ineffective. and as they aptly point out, no pain means no law. if no law, that may be animals. Douglass comes upon the wretched site and manages to scare them off with some ineffective blasting in their general direction. they bird him, as is the custom, and wait for a sign of what to do next. as Douglas goes for broken fully hits on Aissa. she's self-conscious about becoming a kitty cat, but that's pretty much his ideal scenario. he runs to Monty's lab to look for the anti regression serum to keep his little pretty breathable, but finds the lab destroyed. in montgomery in the grips of madness at the docks. hyena and the doctor's son agree to exchange implant removal for a gun cash. they then stormed the church where montgomery as an a drug-induced Manimal orgy. and the stench is unbelievable. and then they kill Monty. back at the lab, Douglas explains to a Issa that they intended to use his DNA to make the serum for her, but it's gone now, so he offers a direct injection. however, they're interrupted when the wrecking crew rolls through. hyena attempts to consolidate his power, looking for the last five men to sign off on his status as God. Douglas vouches for him, but has a quandary. if they all ate the flesh of the Father, who is the one true God, this blows their animal minds, resulting in an immediate fight for top status, which ends when the more peaceful hybrids are able to take advantage of their superior numbers and restore order. Douglas then attempts to leave, promising to return, but to what no one knows. we then end the movie on a sanctimonious monologue on the nature of man. and that was the island. dr. Moreau a beautiful mess that significantly stalled the budding feature film career of Richard Stanley, director of hardware. next week we'll be rounding out his filmography with his recent release based on an HP Lovecraft story. so check back if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 