welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going to be working through a real mind humper with the 2009 film orphan. i'm also announcing the winners of the drawing at the end of the video, so be sure to check that out. let's get to it. we open on a nervous, expectant young couple arriving at the hospital to experience the most joyous event of their lives. is this your first? no, no, it's a third or third most, i suppose. but the staff seems to be oblivious to the fact that things are taking a slight turn in the wrong direction. kate finds herself receiving an unexpected surgery sans anesthetic, because then it wouldn't be a surprise. but hey, at least jon's here. and as they present her with her bloody prize, she wakes up with only scars of a now distant memory and takes some consolation meds to keep the nightmares in check. in talking to her therapist, we learn these dreams to be coping mechanisms around the trauma of losing her stillborn child, and the anxiety and guilt around their impending adoption to replace her, which threatens to interrupt the balance of their daily lives, where kate picks up her daughter max from school, stares at any pregnant belly she comes across to the point of nearly ending them, and also enjoys spending some time creating inner space, just trying to put something beautiful into the world. it's hard to do this, however, with all that damn banging. but when jon arrives home with daniel, any hope of peace and quiet is now moot. at bedtime, after whipping out her cochlear implant, max insists kate read her favorite story, which is also the most painful bedtime story of all time, completely unparalleled in its absolute bleakness. all of these traumas and emotions are swirling around inside of her, and she's hoping that bringing a third child into their household will provide an outlet for all the love and nurturing energy that had been intended for jessica, the child they lost. with all that set up, now they head on over to the girls school, where they peruse the prospective adoptees like birds in a cage. kate sticks to the downstairs to try to make some sense of the overwhelming din while jon follows soft sounds of singing upstairs, where he finds artistic little esther waiting for him in a classroom. she tells him the story of the sad mother lioness dreaming of her cubs, a perfectly constructed metaphor that touches them in all their sweet spots. sister abigail, hangs back and remains silent as she watches astrid, deadly navigate her entrance. interview, they learned that she's the survivor of a terrible house fire, which killed her prior family and resulted in her being boarded at the school. despite this, she is well adjusted and strict with her manners, so long as you don't touch the ribbons that adorn her neck and wrists. in three weeks time, they're delighted to find themselves welcoming this complete stranger into their home. true to form, esther works on learning sign language and engages in formal introductions with daniel and his paternal grandmother, barbara. then she goes to acclimate herself to the new sights and sounds of the house, including her pre-staged room, which presumptuously contains a fish tank. i mean, she may not be interested in fish. the afternoon that unfolds as dany shreds his guitar solo with his friends and desperately competes for his father's attention. feeling that, he and the boys go out to his elaborate tree house to take a smoke break. meanwhile, the girls play out back in the snow, and barbara needles her daughter-in-law about buttoning down her future plans beyond mere child rearing. that night, after journaling her innermost thoughts, a coping activity she's been doing in lieu of drinking, kate comes to bed feeling unusually light and playful now that they've settled into this new change. as a result, she presumably begins to snowblow jon, right before esther and max barge in to look for a bedtime reprieve from the storm outside. the next morning, esther expresses her individuality by insisting on going to school dressed as a porcelain doll. this gets the modern kids all worked up, so you just know brenda has to say something thereby provoking her ire. later on, we find danny outback practicing for his future career as an assassin, when a pigeon makes a mortal error. anything downrange is considered fair game. so danny takes the shot and is immediately remorseful. despite his sorrow, he proves unwilling to follow esther's advice, even under the prospect of continued unnecessary suffering for the bird. so esther shows him how it's done. and today we're all just learning so many lessons. later on, during bath time, kate goes to put some of esther's clothes away and finds the top drawer jammed. she manages to dislodge a creepy book with a man's picture inside it, and she quickly tucks it back away out of respect for privacy. but esther saw what she did. we also see her assert herself within her peer group when dany opens the bullying doorway at school and brenda steps right on through. esther deals with this fairly well, right up to the point where brenda touches her ribbon, resulting in an instant freak out. despite this not going well, she does try to continue building her relationship with kate, starting by taking her up on her offer of piano lessons. when kate uses this as an opportunity to broach the topic of the school incident. esther flips the script on her by asking about jessica. prone to want to nurture a child's natural curiosity, kate explains the travails they went through and shows her a living memorial that was cultivated with jessica's cremated remains, ensuring they can keep a piece of her with them, so long as the flowers bloom. we juxtaposed this touching moment with mommy and daddy getting absolutely randy in the kitchen that night. smart move, because without a bed, the kids can't hop in with you. oh right, there's that. kate tries to talk to esther the next morning about certain forbidden acts that men and women do to each other when they're in love and horny. i know they [ __ ]. oh, well, carry on. then they're pretty sure they can cure her of her inappropriate nonchalance with some dad time at the park. but while jon's distracted by joyce, who's come down to scope out the local dad meet, esther slips away. she circled back to await brenda's isolation so they can provide a vital community service by testing the safety limitations of the playground equipment, which just so happens to be witnessed by max, but when asked later about the reports that brenda may have been pushed, max chooses to demonstrate sister solidarity. plus, esther's christian, so she wouldn't do that. unfortunately, esther's mere existence continues to antagonize dany, resulting in an outburst that gets his boy's den locked up until he learns him some manners. later. the next day, esther reveals that she's an accomplished pianist and claims that she never said otherwise. she just thought that kate needed something to do, and that it was polite to feign ignorance. kate also reveals to john that esther claims he was flirting at the park, which pushes a button due to his prior history of infidelity. and kate struggles to figure out how to interpret all these pieces of evidence that are starting to present themselves to her as if on cue. sister abigail arrives for a wellness check as the gossip she confides that she did have some reservations about placing esther with a family. you know, there's a strange history of terrible things happening that don't directly involve her, but she somehow always manages to be nearby. why that terrible house fire that killed her prior family? it was an arson, and no culprits were ever found. quick to act against those who act against her. esther uses max to help find the treehouse keys. then they cut the sister off at the bridge and use max as a decoy to scare her off the road. once outside the protection of her vehicle. esther wangs on her for a bit with a hammer and uses max's complicit involvement to compel her to help hide the body and evidence, which they stash away in the treehouse, lest they both be dragged off to jail forever. danny peeps them emerging from the fort and wonders what they doing in his spot. esther circles back that evening so they can come to an agreement about the house policies regarding snitching, which is enforced by threat of box cutter to the genitals. the next day, kate gets a call to see if sister abigail ever made it to their house because she hasn't been back since leaving for the appointment. the police find her, but they have no leads. although kate has her own suspicions. she starts looking up some info on personality disorders in children and finds one that seems to fit the bill. and while she has a tough time getting john on board, they at least agree that it would be good to check in with esther's original russian orphanage. and it ends up being a quick call because they have no record of anyone by that name ever being there. so on the way to school the next morning, kate asks her progeny about how their experiences with esther are going. they say things are going all right, but they get a little funny with her. at that very moment, she happens to be at home with john, taking a morning off, and lamenting that mommy hates her. so jon suggests she do something to show how much she appreciates what kate's done for her. so she picks her a beautiful bouquet of irreplaceable memorial flowers that carry the essence of jessica. i mean, what could be more precious than that? after getting over the shock, kate takes a moment to go breathe it out at the memorial while esther finds her way downstairs and bites the towel as she cinches her arm up in a vice. she calls out for daddy due to the nagging pain in her arm. and when kate returns, she finds little usurper sleeping in her bed with the diagnosis of a fractured forelimb. now facing down some of her old demons, kate finds herself staring into the bottom of a tall pour of wine. but remembering how this nearly tore the family apart, she stays strong and pours the bottle down the drain. but any hope of moving past all these strange incidents is eliminated when esther constructs a framework of circumstance that allows her to pop the family wagon in neutral and let it roll downhill, backwards, gaining speed and nearly avoiding oncoming traffic before coming to rest in a snowbank. kate now seeks the objectivity of a third party to help navigate this mess, and they return to her therapist, hoping she'll cut through the [ __ ]. but kate's history of self-destruction wins her no favors. it also wouldn't be the first time you blamed esther for your own mistake. wow, are you licensed. then johnny, on the spot over here, whips out a bottle of wine the girls helpfully led him to. tired of kate's malicious manipulations, she's given the ultimatum of going to rehab or john leaving with the kids. during bath time that evening, danny's able to confer with max and verify that esther has been involved in the recent bloody happenings, and he makes a plan to acquire the evidence from his tree house. later that night. kate appears to intend to leave with the kids, but finds esther awaken keep and watch. in a rare mask off moment, she reveals that she's so good at pressing kate's buttons and finding all of her weakest spots because she's been perusing her journal as a bit of light reading before bed. in an attempt to even the odds, kate goes back to find her special book, and, once uncovered, finds it to contain a multitude of strange daddy pics and also has an identifying stamp inside the cover. she manages to locate a number for the facility and attempts to ask them about an orphan from their institute. however, when they finally get an english speaker on the line, he reveals that they're not an orphanage, they're a mental hospital. while she's doing that, danny gains entry to his bachelor pad and attempts to acquire the evidence, but all he finds are his old porno mags. esther has the evidence, which she lays out for him before setting it on fire and locking his trap door. he works on a daring escape, while kate is embroiled in some primo investigating with the convent. so they're both pretty much crushing it right now. after falling off the roof, danny ends up unconscious in the icu. kate really pushes at this now, trying to point out all the evidence before them and link it together for slow-ass jon. but her aggressive gesticulations prompt esther to dip out for a quick soda, which is what she calls the life support machines. when danny starts flatlining, the stress is more than kate can bear, but luckily, the orderlies have sedatives on the ready for just this type of situation. through the brain fog, jon reveals that danny's gonna be okay, and he's taken max and esther back home to rest. once there, he blows off some steam with a cigarette and a bottle of his wife's shame wine, which really goes far in dulling the senses. for when esther arrives all tarted up and whispers in his ear. but unlike the previous fathers, jon rebuffs her advances. meanwhile, kate wakes up from their grogginess to get a call from the sarn institute warning her to stay away from esther and to call the authorities. esther is actually a grown woman with a hormone disorder, and is very dangerous, having seven known victims. also, she can be easily identified by the scars on her neck and wrists, which she acquired from struggling constantly against her straight jacket. so it's really kind of surprising they would ever be taken in by the ruse. when jon goes to her room to try to find her, he stumbles upon some very adult-oriented luminescent art. and he's instantly struck by the idea to turn them into nfts to sell on the blockchain. but when he goes to call his agent, the power goes out downstairs. he finds what seems to be some sort of storm-related power surge damage. and as he goes to figure it out, he discovers that he's been stabbed. and he continues to get stabbed then, until esther gets tired of it. unable to reach him by phone, kate rushes in so hard and fast that she actually enters the home while still in her vehicle. after finding jon's bloody corpse, she goes to retrieve max and gets shot from downstairs by this old skank. they pursue each other through the home, but kate stops short when she realizes that esther is now in the greenhouse with max. recognizing the imminent danger, she takes a big risk, and it pays off, as she manages to land on esther with a layer of broken glass between them. they run off into the woods, and the police arrive. but esther is still upset about how this whole thing's gone down, so she insists on having a proper final battle. the two ladies fall through the ice where kate takes little jabity jab in the rib cage before crawling out. esther claws her way to the surface to see if she can pull off a final emotional manipulation, but instead, kate donkey kicks her teeth in. she then sinks forever into the unreasonably deep retention pond. i want to thank everyone for supporting the channel. i collected all the entrants who participated in the challenge from the last three videos and ran the screen names through a random generator to get five winners. i'll let them hang on the screen here for a moment to let it sink in. if you won, congratulations. go hit up the about page on my channel to drop me an email so we can make further arrangements. i'd also like to give a huge thanks to my donors memorialized in the hall of head shots. [Music]. orphan was a crazy, twisty movie. it really benefited from adding that one additional turn at the end as well. they already did a great job of building tension and isolation for kate, as we the viewers were expecting, an evil little girl wreaking havoc. it just adds another satisfying layer and lends some believability to the scenarios we witnessed. to find out at the end that she was actually a full-grown adult. really well done. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 