this third bad boy's film starts with detective mike lowry and marcus burnett spitting through the streets of miami with other cops following them. okay, that's why you're sitting in that seat in a mexican prison. inmate isabel erectus is muttering incantation, then draws a god's attention. [Music]. isabel grabs a knife off the guard and stabs her, with the other inmates jumping in and stopping her to death. other gods take isabel outside, only for his son, armando, to have a kill off all the other guards. he frees her, and they returned to the home to block revenge on behalf of her late husband, benito, with mike being their intended final target. agmando goes to the docks to pull out a great filtered money with intent to work with other gangsters. but these gangsters tried to scream over and take the majority shares of the money, with the guns drawn on armando. he retaliates by stopping everyone repeatedly. he then orders the remaining man to step up if they wish to work loyally under his family. a crook named lorenzo rodriguez, aka zuelo, joins him. mike and marcus fellow fishers, including captain howard goddard, at a bar to celebrate marcus becoming a grandfather, they encounter a woman named rita who has just been promoted to a lieutenant and is also mike's ex she informs them that she is also now heading amo advanced miami metro operations, which employs a younger team of officers. marcus knows they are getting too old for all the crazy things they used to get into, and he urges mike to settle down, though he disagrees. the two go outside for a foot race, and as mike takes the lead, akmander rides up on a motorcycle and shoots mike down. mike is in critical condition. marcus prays to god that might be saved, but with the promise that marcus will never bring any more violence into the world. [Music] rita and howard then order amo khali don and rev to do what they can do to investigate mike shooter. meanwhile, isabel chastises armando for going after mike so soon as she deliberately wants him to die last, so that he suffers watching others die. they proceed to go after a judge, a forensic analyst and a prosecutor, killing them all in broad daylight. [Music], six months later, megan and reggie get married, and mike has recovered from his injuries. after learning mike is awake, armando uploads his bodycon footage of him shooting mike. [Music], mike takes it upon himself to find his shooter. he visits a [ __ ] criminal named manny the butcher, dj khaled, and beats his hand with the hammer until he gives up the name of a guy named booker grassy, who would have info on the owner of the motorcycle and therefore the shooter. my goes to captain howard, who begrudgingly has him go along with aimo to find grassy. mike quickly butts hats with ralph, since he's as smart as but carolyn don't respect mike's status as a detective. [Music], mike and the team go to a warehouse where gracie is going to make a draw. mike quickly catches that grasses trying to rip the guys off and will get himself killed. a shoot-out begins and mike tries to get grazie out of there. but after fighting off the other socks, gracie is blown back by an explosion. it's impelled by a forklift. he dies before mike can get any info out of him. marcus gets a call from a snitch named carver remy, who claims that agmando is following him and trying to kill him. he asked marcus for help, who then tries to contact mike, but he ignores marcus since he sees him as a quitter. eventually, mike picks up and joined marcus in going to find remy. but once they get to his hotel, remy's body hits marcotte's car. mike runs into the hotel and fights akhmanu, managing to pull his mask off, but finding himself stunned when he sees akmanda's face, he manages to get away. mike later joins howard at a game where the two born as howard expresses his genuine concern and care for mike. as they are leaving, a bullet strikes howard in the throat. armando and zoello are behind it. but since mike knows he's in plain sight, he pulls howard away and stays behind the car, giving amanda no clear shot. mike tries to revive howard, but he dies. after his funeral, marcus officially decides to join mike in catching the shooter. mike and marcus go off to fire shady broker named picante jenkins for a lead on their shooter. they entered jenkins motel room where he is cocked out of his mind. marcus tried to appeal to him on a personal level, but it only gets him punched hard. amo soon comes in, with marcus having called them, and they chase jenkins to the ground. after getting jenkins fires, they recognize zuelo and plan to track him next. bad boys, bad boys. the team goes to a club where they find zelu after attempting to arrest him, he runs for it, and the team must fight his goons. mike and marcus hopped on a motorcycle inside the car, with marcus having to break his promise to guard and use the machine gun to fight off the incoming thugs. they ride into the street to pursue zweilow, who then attempts to board a chopping ladder. mike runs off and latches onto the ladders as well. agmana shoots raylo off to get a better shot at mike. he tells him, hasta el fuero, before mike lets go and falls into the water. back at the headquarters, mike has done look up fires based on the phrase of mundo said. mike realized isabelle is behind all of this. he explains to marcus that before they teamed up, he was deep undercover in the areta's cartel, and he had a relationship with isabel before he had to throw her in jail and get her husband killed. hasta el fuego was a phrase they came up with that was nonsensical, but was supposed to mean, together until the flame burns out. mike concludes that agmando is his son, and that she has been grooming him for revenge since all the victims were on the same case against already's family. after realizing he knows the truth, isabel contacts mike and arranges for him to meet in mexico city to end things. the team heads to mexico for the final showdown, with isabel ordering mike to meet them in an ill place. they engage in a firefight against ida belts and mercenaries with the anime officers, proving their skills with guns as well as physically, in dawn's case. marcus then shoots down a sniper chopper, causing it to come crashing down to the building and starting a fire. amanda gets to fight mike, but he decides to confront him as a person and reveal his parentage to armando. he asks isabel if it is true, and she admits that it is. she tries to shoot mike, but our mother steps in the way and takes the bullet in the shadow [ __ ] and shoots isabelle off the ledge to her doubts, sending her plummeting into the flaming record. marcus almost falls over too, but armando helps mike pull him off and get him out of there. [Music]. later on, the team is getting along better, and they celebrate as rita has been promoted to become the new captain. are you not gonna let me live that down? hey guys, i got some news for you. i just started therapy, and my therapist thought i'd be super beneficial if maybe we could all, you know, hit up a group session together. it's super simple. yeah, mike and marcus and then bond with baby marcus, singing the bad boys songs to him. mike visits armando in prison, offering him a chance to make up for his crimes. armando appears to be interested. 