don't get up. what are you doing here? this is the small Council? yes? well, do you believe the hand of the king is welcome at all small council meetings? we had three stocks to trade. you chopped one's head off and let another escape. you want to know what Mance Rayder is doing? gathering an army. what I hear he's already got more men than any of your southern Kings. and where is he plan marching this army when you're all the way north? there's only one direction to go. Stannis Baratheon, warrior of light, that my brother brother left no trueborn heirs, the boy Joffrey, the boy Tommen and the girl Marcela, being born of incest between Cersei Lannister and her brother Jaime Lannister. when Eddard Stark learnt the truth, he told only to me, I'll not make the same mistake. 10 copies of that letter to every corner of the realm, from the arbor to the war the Lannisters are the true enemy. if for the time being you could make peace with your brother. well, not make peace with Renly while he calls himself King. Joffrey Renly. Robb Stark, they're all thieves. they'll bend the knee, or I'll destroy them. we can't take King's Landing without ships. my father has ships and men who know how to sail with men who fought my father, men who fought King Robert to free themselves from the yoke of the South, just like you're doing now. I'm his only living son. you listen to me, you'll ride south. two installments. why? in the name of all the gods, I need you to negotiate with Renly Baratheon. he's rallied an army of 100,000. you know him. you know his family. I haven't seen Renly Baratheon since he was a boy. Renly sides with us. well outnumber them two to one. we're looking for a boy named Gendry. it carries a bull's head helmet. anyone turning him over will earn the Kings reward. we'll be back with more men, and I'll be taking your head home along with that fastball. you don't need to see this blood of my blood. who did this call pono? perhaps called Jia gone. they don't like the idea of a woman leading a khalasar. I see I destroy Robb Stark's enemies for him, and he will make me king of the Iron Islands. once again, the man gives me a crown, I pay the iron price. I will take my crown. that is Who I am. he won't stand a chance against the Lannisters. on you all said anything about the Lannisters, son. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music], he's killing them, all the boys. you know, every night it's the same and walk running. but no, not me. you're brave. I have the honor to bring you, lady Catelyn Stark, sent as an invoice by her son, Robb Lord of Winterfell, Lord of Winterfell and King in the north. the wolf pup has gone south. for the entirety of the northern army at his back while he's tangling with the lion and the westerland's the north is ripe for the taking. make your choice Theon and do it quickly. our ships sail with or without you. the arm of the house Greyjoy. you what this day. consecrate your faith to the drowned God. my brother Jaime rots in a northern stockade. I would see him released. that's where you come in. Robb Stark will never release the Kingslayer. no, he won't. but his mother might like the bastard club deployed on a few bastards here. who's asking, drop your weapons in the name of the king. I don't think I will. so be it. you want. Gendry already going. he loved that helmet. bring the girl. need a new cupbearer. do you want to see your girls again? you have our to both the girls. what do you want? the Lannisters will trade your daughter's for the Kingslayer. may not get another chance. the Iron Throne is mine by right. all those that deny that are my foes. no one wants you for their king. I will give you this one night to reconsider. strike your banners, otherwise I still destroy you. look to your sins. Lord Renly, the night is dark and full of terrors. if you do not let us in, all of us will die, which we shall deeply regret. I will vouch for her, her people and her dragons in accordance with the law. welcome to Qarth, my lady. [Music], I want you to be a smuggler. this time, any shore, any night. not about bringing ashore your red woman. [Music], it is justice that you want be smart about it. you can't avenge him from the grave. you want to be a queen? no, I want to be the queen. all my brothers, bannermen, have come to my side, except the Tyrells, who fled like cowards when we sail for King's Landing zooms have consolidated my troops make short work of the Lannisters fleet. once Blackwater Bay is cleared, deliver our troops to their doorstep and take the city. Stannis has more infantry, more ships, more horses. what do we have? you won't be making wildfire for my sister any longer. you will be making it for me. they're not gonna respect you until you prove yourself. now am I supposed to prove myself by pillaging piss-poor fishing villages during our stony Shores? not far from torrhen's square, the siege of the house, it's all heart more impressive rise and a few fishermen's daughter can never hold it for more than a few days. as soon as Winterfell, got word that we'd taken torrhen's square, the Starks would send their men to take you back. torrhen's square is under siege. we have to help them. mostly fighting men are away with Robb but I can gather 200 decent man. you need so many. protect our own bannermen. why should they protect us? go. sir Roderick. take the men you need. you saved me and the two I was with. you stole three deaths from the Red Guard. speak three names and the men will do the rest. the one who tortures everyone, a man needs a name. I don't know his name. they're calling the tipper. we need to get rid of those workouts. it's not a job for 400 men. I need to move fast and silent. no, commander, I'd like to join Lord qhorin. but marry me and I will give you the Seven Kingdoms, and our children will be princes and princesses. make your own way. find your own ship. you only need one. the Allies we need are in Westeros. Oh God. 