[Music], we agreed not to cross their borders or to start anything without a reason. holding our breaths for months. this isn't normal. we have to keep our cool, or they is win a meteor shower. i tried to forget everything that happened. it was good. if we're lucky, we never have to think about those skin freaks ever. we get caught on their side of the border. that's it. that's war. fire. fire spread. it could burn through our hunting ground. let's go. come on. i believe there may be invaluable technological implications for our communities if i'm able to retrieve any of the useful bits from inside. look, i need you to stay otherwise i'm gonna have to punch holes in all them boats. almost got us the dead don't have names. we shouldn't either. without names or a past. got into a tussle with a dead ran me on my camper a few months ago. mr b, i thought we didn't have names, so if i'm b what does that make you? hey, monsters, i can't believe him. you won't have to. [Music], there is one rule between our people, one law, stay where you are. we crossed one time, three times the creek that winds into the valley. that is your new southern border. we will mark the new border to the north. you should fear me. i don't. i look at you and i feel nothing at all. boy, he screamed your name just before we took his head. i forgive you mother the mother. you better run. come on. let's go. if you run away now, we'll play dumb when they ask us. this is my home. come on. i love henry, you know. i love him. please. it was negan. they even killed her. no, he didn't do anything wrong. no, it wasn't. he didn't do it. how long have you? a month. it's grown since then. did you know thyroid cancer had a 98 survival rate? oh, let me in. and there you are. i receive you loud and clear. i can't believe this. are you really out there? we can take it back. see what he knows. it's a good thing. did you plan this? no, i i'm negan. we haven't formally met, but i sure as hell know who you are. i'm all in. whatever you want. whatever i got, it's yours. no, mother told her people she killed me. you used me. open your eyes [Music] like this. when was the last time you had new people in here since way before the fire. who the hell are you? he's trying to steal a sail and then probably also a boat. whatever weapons you have on your island will pay off your debt. i'll take you home and i'll bring the boat back to them. [Applause], you can take out half reward from here. you gonna get yourself killed. go ahead and say it to me. i deserve it, please. just say it to me. there's got to be another way in. the people you sent out, they're in trouble, trapped in a cave where alpha has placed her horde. [Applause]. [Music], oh guys. [Music], i didn't betray you. i just, i drew him out here because he was gonna there. [Applause], there. where are the others? we got separated. truth is, stephanie, i just very much like to meet you. i'd really like to meet you too. okay, i'll talk to my people. we gotta find our people. man, no, you can't go out there. my mother's coming. what happened? she blocked all the roads. that means they're closing in on us. we had a window to get out, which is about a mile south of the kanawha river. one week, can you be there? [Music] and right them to join us. they will part of my horn. uh, huh? the thing you've been looking for? i found it. i don't know where the hell it came from. what did you you do about if the others will help me, i think we can mod the engine and get it working again. i found something. i found something that belonged to the brave man. is he alive? i i don't know. but if you think he's alive, then you have to go find him. i love you and your brother so much. i love you too, mom. go get they won't wait for us. [Music], don't threaten me with a good time. oh my god. hi. haven't seen anyone in over a year, and the first ones i find seem like a bunch of meaning breaking up. i can't hear you. come back surrounded gabriel. [Music] he's with me. [Music], my choice. i finish it. [Music] you told me to find my way. [Music], weapons down. now. negan was with the whispers that night because i needed to die, and negan was our best chance. [Music] it's the reapers. what's a reaper? people who attacked our home came. [Music], hey mom, this is home, sweet home. yeah, let's start with your name. your name, princess. start with the one you're worried about. what's her name? [ __ ], i want to see her right now. i got it. let's go. wait. [Music], i see you went ahead and moved me in. but given our less recent history, it's better than you deserve. little, big, little pig. [Music], my wife, she has cancer. she needs that. wondering if she's ever gonna get her next treatment. you everything, i hope, your everything i need is you are so beautiful. a happy anniversary. i mean, wait, do you actually know what day? where did you get this? okay, no, no, no, no, no. [Music], we're looking for this group of doctors to travel around at a mobile clinic. i sat down with him. he showed me his map. these doctors, they take the same route every time. they make the same stops. that you did not spend 600 on this. happy days. [ __ ] he loved that job. you love working with those kids? yeah. and then he beat a guy up, and he put him in the hospital. we caught it early on a lot of times. with this one, i've got cancer. you knew about janine, about me and her. you knew this whole time. i want you to know that you made up for it. one of you really want to help me and just stay no, we are not giving up. we had it all, everything on your list here. take this. this is the bed you hit me with. damn girl. [Music], what the hell is going on out there? you know, last time we did this, you said that i talked to, you know, i never killed a man before tonight. you know, when people get so angry, they say they see red. now when i see red, it's just the question of what i am capable of. this is for not killing me. i'm sorry that you went out. i am sorry that i named a stupid baseball bat. how did you if you stay here, she will kill you. i just didn't want your death on my conscience. [Music], you 