oh everyone. today i will introduce a movie called the most beautiful day. to all you guys. this man is fenno, who has had fits of narcolepsy his whole life. he can sleep everywhere, even while driving on the highway. one day, venno goes to the hospital, and doctor diagnosed him with an incurable brain tumor. he told benny that he doesn't have much time left to live. but as a result, he fell asleep again. oh, ends up in the hospital in the room next blonde andy, who always has a dream to be a famous pianist. and he has pulmonary fibrosis and no immune system left, so he will soon be dead. andy often makes a vlog about his terminal illness. doctor said to andy that he may not be able to hold on the lung although he has been waiting for three years. he was absolutely desperate and went to the rooftop to record the last video. then we'll prevent sandy when andy's going to commit suicide by jumping from the building. and they be friends with each other. that day, i know, found that there were a lot of express delivery. these all are bought by a man who's going to die soon. this made benno had an idea. he woke andy up and told him that he wanted to use his credit card to do things that normal people would not dare to do. and he immediately agreed with benno. the two came to the bank first, but andy's always inseparable from the oxygen mask, so they ended in failure. but then benno found a lot of things with zero down payment. therefore they went crazy shopping for all kinds of goods. then they came to the black market, even the wedding ring. they buy everything that can be exchanged for money. after that, they rented a car and came to benno's friends to sell it. by selling everything, they have millions of dollars in cash. first of all, the two drive an expensive sport car for a walk. they live stream it and get a lot of likes from viewers. and he doesn't have driving license, and this is the first time he has experienced driving. and he comes back to hospital, and he's watching the video happily. thano comes to his ex-wife's house because he wants to meet his daughter, whom he hasn't met for a long time. but his mother-in-law told him that his ex-wife is not at home. she is getting married in africa. she said he'd best go home better. told andy that he want to share the money and leave the hospital. but andy said that he wanted to go with him. firstly, andy pulled the heavy oxygen bottle out. the remaining problem is how to get the medicine. they plan that veno will pretend to be poisoned to attract the nurse's attention. then andy seizes an opportunity to take the medicine quietly. after taking the medicine, the two men come to the airport and randomly selected a destination displayed on the screen. their first stop is the beach. and they don't forget to record a video to show their trip. their travel videos before they died were on top trending on the youtube. and he caught up with a beautiful girl. then they did the things more than the friendship. meanwhile, thano got a secondhand car and was ready to move on. they come to the africa, and despite andy's dissuasion, benno still buys bulk african food. and the result is that he can't stop vomiting and diarrhea at night. and he can't breath, and he's afraid that he will die. then he immediately took him to the tower crane and throws the oxygen bottle away. hannah makes sandy thoroughly experience what the fear is. and he creeps over slowly than i encouraged him to move on. the worst situation is just falling down. the matter is not the death. important thing is that what you can do before you die. then bennu fell asleep while he was jumping up and down, which made him almost fall down. fortunately, andy was strapped to him. the two spent the whole night like this, until the workers found out and let them down on the way. andy needs to go toilet, and he thought that there are no people here, and then they can [ __ ] in here. but a lion comes and looks at him, but it seems to consider andy as a toilet. it pees up his face, then leaves. [Music]. andy was so excited. he felt fearless. so he decided to throw all the medicine away, driving the gas station. and he started uploading videos. he has received hundreds of thousands like and he became braver. he took action when seeing bad guys bully the poor. fortunately, veno appeared and lit gasoline under his feet with a cigarette. they ran away from there, but there was a africa kid on their car. after discussing, the two men decided to bring the child along with them. at that time, andy discovered the secret dental has been hiding for so long that he just wanted to use andy to find his ex-wife. and they began to argue. at the wedding, bennu pulled out a lot of money and told his ex-wife that now he's a rich person. [Music]. and this made her very sad. she said that benno never knew the reason why she left him. it's all because of his lack of progress and sense of responsibility. the two were talking in the wild, and in the next day, they found their car was stolen by that africa kid. now they don't what to do. andy just has only one oxygen bottle left. they're picked up by a truck while walking on the road. [Music]. they climb to the mountain and get ready to end their lives here. although they don't know which day of the trip is the best, but this day must be the most exciting day. anna takes out his gun and points it at handy gunshot rang out. fennel just dried, and he almost peed his pants. then fennel had intention to suicide by swallowing the gun. and he said, dying like that would be very unsightly. when they hesitate, andy receives a message from the hospital that means they found the donor recipient, matching in lung transplantation. benno thought it might be a police trap, because they cheated millions dollar to travel. and he thinks spano's jealous with him because he doesn't have to die. they broke up in bad mood. andy's on the plane to back home. after listening the doctor, he knew that the situation was not as good as what he thought, because there's no matching lung. the doctor just wanted to inform finno that he took the wrong film. veno sees his daughter falls asleep while she's playing on the beach. he immediately went to his ex-wife's house and told them the daughter may have the same disease as him. treatment should be carried out quickly. but his ex-wife said that it was just narcolepsy. moreover, this film is not his either. veno went to sleep again. when he was excited. theno's ex-wife told him that he wouldn't die. but then oh thought of andy and rushed back. immediately, the nurse told benno andy's lung was infected. with the cooperation of the nurse, tenno slipped into the ward, avoiding the police. he took andy to the rooftop to see the sun rise together. and he knows he can't live much longer. after these days, he finally found the true meaning of the life and be friends with the most sincere man in this world. and he thought that the most important thing before you die is what you will do and who you are with. and you leaned on benno. he left quietly with a smile. not long after, benno went to court on a charge of fraud. the lawyer tried to defend him by using his illness. but thanos said, this misdiagnosis was his most wonderful experience. people don't want to talk about the death, but whatever is destined to happen will happen. the death is not that terrible. the important thing is that you can cherish every moment before it comes 