Hello there Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to another episode of Cinema Summary. Today we\'ll be looking at "Vanilla Sky" a 2001 science fiction psychological thriller. Written, co-produced and directed by Cameron Crowe, it is an English-language adaptation of the Spanish film "Abre Los Ojos" (It only took the Americans 4 years to copy and reproduce) It stars Tom Cruise as a rich businessowner, David Ames, and Penelope Cruz as a bookish young dancer named Sofia Serrano. From a prison cell where he has been charged with murder, David Aames (Tom Cruise), in a prosthetic mask, tells his life story to court psychologist, Dr. Curtis McCabe (Kurt Russell). In flashback, David is shown to be the wealthy owner of a large publishing firm in New York City which he inherited from his father, leaving its regular duties to his father's trusted associates. As David enjoys the bachelor lifestyle, he is introduced to Sofia Serrano (Pen\xc3\xa9lope Cruz) by his best friend, author Brian Shelby (Jason Lee) at a party. David and Sofia spend a night together talking and fall in love. When David\'s former lover, Julianna "Julie" Gianni (Cameron Diaz), hears of Sofia, she attempts to kill herself and David in a car crash. Julie dies but David survives, his face grotesquely disfigured,[4]leading him to wear a mask to hide the injuries. With no hope of repairing the damage through plastic surgery, David cannot come to grips with the idea of wearing the mask for the rest of his life. On a night out with Sofia and Brian, David gets hopelessly drunk and Sofia and Brian leave him to wallow in the street outside. At the start of the movie, when David wakes up with Julie Gianni, her cell phone ringtone is "Row, Row, Row Your Boat" but at the moment she answers the call and the music stops, the next lyric would have been "Life is but a dream". A hint to the mind-boggling nature of the film. Music is used similarly throughout the film, I wonder if you can spot them? David is awakened the next day in the street by Sofia, who apologises for deserting him the night before, and takes him home. The two continue to see each other, and David has his face surgically repaired despite being told it was impossible before. Though his life seems perfectly content, David finds oddities, such as brief visions of his distorted face, and a man at a bar (Noah Taylor) that tells him David could control the world and everyone in it, if he wanted to. One day, when he goes to Sofia's apartment, he finds Julie there instead; all of the previous mementos of Sofia now show Julie's face. Angry and confused, David suffocates Julie, and is later arrested and placed in a mental institution, finding his face has reverted to its previously disfigured state. David completes telling his story to Curtis, who proceeds to then visit David further for more sessions to try to help him recuperate. During one interview Curtis tells David the staff reported him calling out "Ellie" in a bad dream and asks who she is. David later sees a nearby TV advertisement for "Life Extension", a company that specializes in cryonic suspension, and realises he'd actually called out the letters "L" and "E". Under Curtis' and a police officer's guard, David is taken to the Life Extension offices, where salesclerk Rebecca (Tilda Swinton) explains they freeze people just after the point of death until a cure for their ailment is available in the future, keeping their brain active by placing them in a lucid dream state. David becomes anxious and breaks free of Curtis, realizing he is in his own lucid dream that has gone wrong, and calls for tech support. So there are at least 2 very \xe2\x80\x98bog-standard\xe2\x80\x99 interpretations: the explicit science fiction premise of a wealthy, party-going youth who goes through a tragic accident and signs away his real life for a fantasy one. Or, a common explanation for mysterious, mind-screwy movies is the \xe2\x80\x98coma-dream theory\xe2\x80\x99. For those unfamiliar with this: its a plot twist that says \xe2\x80\x98Oh, no. All the events in this movie were made-up by the main character in their head\xe2\x80\x99. If you want to overAnalyze, it utilizes a motif of disconnection, fourth wall breaks, pop culture references, and deception in order to portray David Ames\xe2\x80\x99s guilt over the death of Julie Gianni and his dissociation with reality. We\xe2\x80\x99re no Wisecrack, but I\xe2\x80\x99d wager that there is some Jungian archetypes employed in the film, especially in regards to David Ames, wearing a literal mask throughout the film and the parallel \xe2\x80\x98timelines\xe2\x80\x99. The Mask or \xe2\x80\x9cPersona\xe2\x80\x9d, to my understanding is the personality you display in social gatherings and is for-intents-and-purposes your \xe2\x80\x98outside person\xe2\x80\x99. Not to say that aspects are not true. Simply that aspects of the Mask are there to ensure your social survival. David Ames is depicted as a somewhat sleazy, fun-loving maverick who enjoys a drink and parties. His literal face becomes dismantled after the car accident, leading to him being given a \xe2\x80\x98regenerative facial prosthesis\xe2\x80\x99, a mask, hiding the gruesome consequence. He lives up to this conception with his fancy furnishings such as his elevating television, his absolutely gorgeous muscle car, and of course his on-screen and implied debauchery. A hedonist if you will. Once his \xe2\x80\x9cFace\xe2\x80\x9d becomes disfigured, he is left to fend for himself in a world that has left him behind and sees nothing more than a self-entitled, clingy, and emotionally unstable shell of a man. His true face beneath the mask, being ugly and eventful is the reality of his life, no longer filled with joy, pleasure, and spectacle. Following his rejection by Sofia after the club, he enters his delusionary world, where he sinks back into the delusion: his face no longer disfigured, his life now filled with joy and young love with Sofia and no more Julia Gianna. But his guilt lingers and grows The Shadow is a concept are the things we hide due to dislike or discomfort. In the \xe2\x80\x98picturesque timeline\xe2\x80\x99 wherein David has his beautiful cheekbones and toothy smile, he\xe2\x80\x99s livin\xe2\x80\x99 it up with Sofia, happy and content. However his guilt begins weighing in on him. The distortions in sound and visuals throughout the film are signs of this unconscious awareness. With this onslaught of unconscious guilt comes the re-emergence of JULIA GIANNA. The woman he feels guilty for leading on and inadvertantly killing her (or so he blames himself). This can be understood by his killing of \xe2\x80\x9cJulia-Sofia\xe2\x80\x9d in the LucidDream, smothering her to death, seeing her face replace the visage of Sofia in all her pictures. A grim reminder of his sins, and potentially an unconscious fear that he will hurt Sofia similarly and penancing survivor\xe2\x80\x99s guilt. David finds himself in the empty lobby of the offices, and the man he saw earlier at the bar appears, claiming to be David's tech support from Life Extension, which is now known as the Oasis Project. They ride up in an elevator to the top of an impossibly tall building, the height triggering David's severe acrophobia. The man explains that David has been in cryonic sleep for 150 years. David had opted for Life Extension's services after struggling with his breakup with Sofia and his disfigurement, and after securing the publishing company to its associates, proceeded to kill himself with a drug overdose; Life Extension preserved his body and, as David directed, put him into his lucid dream starting from the drunken night when Sofia left him, under the "vanilla sky" from a Monet painting. However, during his sleep, the dream went horribly wrong and attempted to incorporate elements from his subconscious, such as substituting Julie for Sofia and creating a father-figure in Curtis. As they arrive at the top of the building, the man offers David a choice: either to be reinserted into the corrected lucid dream, or return to the real world by taking a literal leap of faith off the roof that will wake him from his sleep. David decides to wake up, ignoring the vision of Curtis that his subconscious has brought to life to talk him out of it. David envisions Sofia and Brian to say his goodbyes. Conquering his final fear, David jumps off the building, his life flashing before his eyes, and whites out immediately before hitting the ground. A female voice commands him to "open your eyes" (a recurring theme in the movie), and the film ends with David opening his eyes. There are two interpretations of the film: the explicit science fiction premise wherein a rich guy who is miserable decides to sign away his real life for a fake, ideal fantasy in a simulated dream world. The other is that if the coma-dream: whether dying in the car crash or being hospitalized and in a coma, the events in the film are a fiction made up by DAVID AMES. There is the motif of the face through the film.: in particular DAVID AMES\xe2\x80\x99S. His disfigurement after thecar accident years tears down his lifestyle. The hedonist is gone and so too his confidence. Masks are common trope and a crucial aspect of Jungian archetypes. With Jung, the mask is everything you display in your community. In literature they are commonly used similarly as a symbol of deception or a disguise, hiding the truth. The truth of the matter is arguably survivors Guilt. DAVID blames himself for the death of JULIA GIANNA: his casual sexual relationship up-ended by JULIA\xe2\x80\x99S demand for something more, DAVID\xe2\x80\x99S distance, and his meeting with SOFIA and of course the attempted murder-suicide. JULIA\xe2\x80\x99S words resonate with DAVID, her face appears and haunts DAVID to sub an extent that ends up smothering her. Although it is revealed that it was in fact SOFIA he killed, the murderous imagery affirms DAVID\xe2\x80\x99S guilt. 