hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1954 mystery thriller film rear window. so let's get started. recovering from a broken leg, professional photographer. lb, Jeff, Jeffries is confined to a wheelchair in his apartment. Jeff's girlfriend, Lisa Fremont, visits him regularly, as well as his insurance company's nurse, Stella. his rear window looks out onto a courtyard in several other apartments. during a powerful heatwave, he watches his neighbors who keep their windows open to stay cool. he watches Lars thorwald, a traveling jewelry salesman with a bedridden wife, who fight often during a thunderstorm. Jeff, here's a woman scream, don't and the sound of breaking glass. later, he is awakened by thunder and observes Thor wall leaving his apartment. thorwald makes repeated late-night trips carrying his sample case. the next morning, Jeff notices thorwald's wife is gone, and seas start while cleaning a large knife and a handsaw. later, Thor wall ties a large trunk with a heavy rope and has moving men haul it away. Jeff becomes convinced that Thoreau has murdered his wife, and asks his friend Tom Doyle, a New York City police detective, to do some research. Doyle finds nothing suspicious. soon, the neighbor dog is found dead with its neck broken. the dog's owner yells across the courtyard, and all the neighbors run to their windows to see what is happening, except for thorwald, whose cigar can be seen glowing as he sits quietly in his dark apartment. certain that Thor Wall is guilty of killing the dog, Jeff asks his girlfriend Lisa to slip a note under his door so Jeff can watch his reaction as he reads it. then Jeff telephones him and arranges a meeting at a bar. he believes Thor wall buried something in the courtyard flowerbed and killed the dog to stop it from digging there. so in Thor while leaves, Jeff's girlfriend Lisa and the nurse Stella, dig up the flowers. they find nothing. Lisa climbs the fire escape to Thor walls apartment and enters in through an open window. thorwald returns and grabs Lisa. Jeff calls the police, who arrived just in time to save her and end up arresting her. Jeff sees Lisa wiggling her finger with Miss thorwald's wedding ring on it. thorwald notices and sees Jeff across the courtyard. Jeff phones detective Doyle and leaves him a message. nurse stella heads for the police station to post bail for lisa. when his phone rings, just assumes it's Doyle. when no one answers, Jeff realizes that thorwald himself has called and is heading over to confront him. when thorwald enters, jeff repeatedly sets off his camera flashbulbs, temporarily blinding him. however, thorwald grabs him and pushes him out the window. thorwald confesses to the murders to the police soon after. a few days later, Jeff is shown resting with casts on both of his legs. so that was the spoilers for rear window. if you have another film you'd like to see a spoil please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 