welcome. my name is for fear, and now I'm going to talk about inside out. Riley is born in a small town in Minnesota. within her minds headquarters five four sonification zuv, her basic emotions, joy sadness, fear, disgust and anger, come to life and influence her ways of doing things by her control console. as she grows up, her experiences become memories stored in colored orbs, which are spent into long-term memory each night. her five most important core memories are housed in a hub. each powers an aspect of her personality, which takes the form of floating islands. joy acts as a de-facto leader. and since she and the other emotions do not understand sadness, this purpose, she tries to keep sadness away from the console. at the age of eleven, Riley's parents move the family to San Francisco for her father's new job. Riley's first experiences are not good. the new house is cramped and old. the local pizza parlor only serves broccoli as a topping. her father is under stress from his job, and due to a mix-up the moving band with their belongings gets lost and won't arrive for weeks, when sadness begins touching Riley's happy memories, turning them sad. joy tries to garden by isolating her. on Riley's first day at her new school, sadness causes Riley to cry in front of her class, creating Riley's first sad core memory. joy tries to dispose of it, but accidentally knocks the other core memories loose during a struggle with sadness, deactivating the personality islands. joy, sadness and the core memories are sucked out of headquarters and sent to long-term memory storage. in Joy's absence, anger, fear and disgust a left in control, with disastrous results, distancing Riley from her parents, friends and hobbies. as a result, her personality islands gradually crumble and fall into the memory dump where memories are forgotten. finally, anger inserts an idea into the console, prompting Riley to run away to Minnesota, believing it will restore her happiness. while navigating through the vast maze like long-term memory area, joy and sadness encounter bing-bong, Riley's childhood imaginary friend, who suggests riding the train of thought back to headquarters. their route to the train station is fraught with close calls and mishaps as more personality islands crumble. the three eventually catch the train, but it halts when Riley falls asleep, then derails entirely when honesty island collapses with Riley's theft of her mother's credit card. in desperation, joy abandoned sadness and tries to write a recall tube back to headquarters. but the ground below the tube collapses, breaking it and plunging joy and bing-bong into the memory dump. joy begins to lose hope and breaks into tears, but then discovers a sad memory that turned happy when Riley's parents and friends comforted her. joy finally understands sadness his purpose to induce empathy in others, prompting them to reach out to Riley when she is emotionally overwhelmed and needs help. by preventing Riley from feeling sad, joy was also keeping her from feeling happiness. joy and bing-bong tried to use Bing bongs old wagon rocket to escape the memory dump, but are unable to fly high enough as the wagon is too heavy. with both of them in it. on their final attempt, Bing bong jumps out to allow joy to escape, then fades away. joy reunites with sadness and manages to return to headquarters, only to discover that angers idea has disabled the console, rendering Riley apathetic. to the surprise of the others, joy hands control of the console to sadness, who is able to reactivate it and prompt Riley to return home. as sadness reinstalls the core memories. Riley arrives home to her parents and tearfully confesses that she misses Minnesota and her old life. her parent comfort her and admit they also miss Minnesota. joy and sadness worked the console together, creating a new core memory. a new Island forms, representing Riley's acceptance of her new life in San Francisco. a year later, Riley has adapted to her new home, made new friends and returned to her old hobbies, while acquiring a few new ones. inside headquarters, her emotions admire Riley's new personality, islands and all work together on a newly expanded console with room for them all. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music], 