[Music], hello guys. i'm recapping a horror movie, the queen of black magic. as the film starts, we see a couple. the male's name is haniff.he was going somewhere with his wife and three kids. in fact, he was an orphan who was adopted by someone that he spent his childhood in an orphanage home. now its owner was sick. they were going to that orphanage home to see him. they were driving the car. meanwhile, they feel that something has hit their car. they get off the car and see there was a dead deer at the corner of the road. they feel sad, but they move from there. when they move, we are shown that a girl is at the corner of the road, and she was soaked in blood that we can't judge was she alive or dead. soon they reached that orphanage home. reaching there, hanef sees his many childhood friends. they grow up with him in the orphanage home. they also come to know about the owner, dot. so they all get happy after meeting each other. hanif comes to know that, except for two kids, all were adopted. those two kids grow up in this orphanage home, and they still live here. these childhood friends have grown elder. and a girl except them named ronnie. she shows hanif and others the orphanage home with another girl. ronnie tells very much about her, that she comes to this orphanage when she was of 10 years. well, she says that, i believe that my mother will return to take me. she shows them all their rooms. during this hannah's son, named haki, was going to a room. its door was closed for many years. and ronnie sees him. she starts telling me about that room. that many years before, there was a caretaker of this orphanage home. she lives in this room, but she said about a girl, that she is haunted and she is possessed, and she screams at that girl. soon, that girl was lost, and none knows about her. that caretaker was gone, insane. none can control her. the orphanage management decided to imprison her in her room. she was locked in her room. she shouted a lot that someone could bring her out. she starts hitting her head with the door. but before the door is open, she was dead. till then this door is closed, aki gets scared, and he goes to his father, hanif there. hanif was also talking about this while showing the picture of the caretaker that she was mad. well, they all have dinner. now, when hanif goes to his car, he gets astonished after seeing his car's front. there was blood and a piece of cloth on his car's bonnet. hanif gets suspicious that it was the deer whom he collapsed or someone else that he goes to that place with his friend. the deer was still there. but his friend sees that there is a girl on the other side of the road. she was still there, and she was dead. with it, there was a bus that was an orphanage homes bus. there were many babies were inside that bus. they go inside the bus and see that all the babies were injured. when they see they come to know that their faces were ruined, and they were killed badly. surely, this wasn't an accident. these kids were killed willingly. they were shocked by all this, and they call the police, but there was a network problem. they think that they should take that girl to the orphanage with them, because the police station was at a far distance from here. and when they reach the orphanage, a man asks them, this time, from where you are coming? and he sees the dead body of that girl in their car. hanif tells him all the incidents, that i hit that girl with my car. they all get scared. and the weirdest thing is that i have seen a bus there there were many dead kids in it, and call someone immediately, but there was a network problem, so the call couldn't place. that boy says to hanif and his companion that i will go there and see how did this incident happen. he alone moves to that road. going there, he goes inside the bus and sees that the kids were not dead. they were standing in the other direction. before he goes near them and sees he gets scared that he tries to get off the bus. but before this, the door of the bus was closed. he remains on the bus. meanwhile, he feels that there is someone outside the bus in a black costume. while seeing them, the kids in the bus started moving. many insects were coming out of something in the bus. those insects go inside the body of that man. that it is a very creepy scene. that man dies because of those insects. dot on the other side, we see a girl. there was a knife an apple in her hand. she was seeing herself in the mirror. she feels that she is fat. while seeing in the mirror, she starts cutting her body. while seeing in the mirror that it seems like this girl is also possessed. none can harm their own body like this. on another side, we see one more girl who was sleeping on her bed, but some worms fell on her. those worms go inside her body. she feels pain. meanwhile, the husband of that girl arrives the girl who was cutting herself, after seeing in the mirror, he gets scared after seeing her. but when that girl comes to her senses, she sees her condition and gets scared. she faints again. seeing this condition of his wife, he immediately calls hanif and his wife. meanwhile, that girl whose body was filled with worms also arrives there. she vomits blood and many worms come out of her body. but still, some worms were in her body and they were slithering in her body. because of it, she was feeling creepy. she starts peeling off her skin dot to take out those worms from her body. but her condition was getting worse. now hanif's wife, while driving the car, taking them to the hospital doc to know that what's the problem with them. but here something strange happened, because they moved to the hospital. but they again come to the orphanage home. this means their path was turned into a cube, that it was repeating again and again. they become worried about this. here, hanif tells a thing, that the caretaker of this orphanage home, she was a bad girl. dot, it is the incident before, 25 years she oppresses those kids because she practices black magic. and because of it, she sacrificed three kids. but hanif and his two friends have seen it before. she holds them, they run from there. those were the friends who were together yet. but one of them was killed on the bus. might be possible that the caretaker is still behind them. that's why, when they were escaping from there, they again reached the orphanage home. that it means now their path was changed into a loop. the owner of that orphanage home also comes to know it. dot, so he said to those kids that we will imprison this caretaker in her room. hanif and his friend didn't tell this anyone before, but today they have shared this thing, that we have buried that caretaker after her death on the floor of that room. dot, on the other side, we see hannah's elder son, and he staples his lips with a stapler. meanwhile, we also see hackie was playing a video on a video player, but then he sees someone's dreadful face. he runs to his elder brother. his elder brother was not in his control. dot he shoots him with a gun, but it didn't harm him, because rats were shot with that gun. meanwhile, hanif and his wife also came there and planned to move from here with their kids. they couldn't find their sons. then hanef's wife goes to the room of the owner, that he was lying on his bed and was sick. she sees under his bed, she finds a box. there were some photographs in it. those were of some girls. and seeing them, it was clear that this sick owner wasn't a good man, that he beats the girls, that he used to misbehave with them. the caretaker, whom we understanding evil, actually she was so nice. she wanted to save the girls from that owner, but he doesn't want to reveal his secret. why don't i make this story with the kids, that this caretaker is bad and possessed. that's why she was locked in a room, so that she will be killed there and will be buried there. do they think that if this owner was a bad man, then who is doing all this? because the owner is sick. they suspect ronnie. maybe the owner abused her and tries to kill her, but that's why she is taking revenge on all. meanwhile, she also comes there. she tells them, no, maybe that caretaker is doing all this. the caretaker was killed brutally. meanwhile, the girl also comes out, whom they were thinking is dead after collapsing in hannaf's car. she tells them that what happened to them, we all were going to the picnic from the orphanage home, but then a woman in a black dress comes on our bus. when she comes, all kids were possessed, and they lose their control. this happened because of black magic. she was saying some magical spells. but i was spared and wasn't possessed in them, because there were headphones on my ears, and i didn't hear those magical spells. but as i saw those kids, i run from there. that i hide in the fields. and then hannah's uncle's car hits me. but i am not dead. it is my luck that i am still alive, that i am telling you everything after coming here, so that you can figure out it. that what happened. actually, hannah feels bad that the caretaker wasn't a bad lady. he was regretting on it. that why he killed her on that owner, saying, he goes in anger to press the neck of that owner because he was aggressive with him, but his wife stops him to do this. hanif finds a photograph there, and there was that girl's name was written behind the photo, the girl who was missing. now he was understanding, maybe she is the girl who is doing all this. they were about to move from here, but hannah's son comes there. they were injured. they were going out, but a lady in a black dress comes in front of them. she was the same girl who was missing many years before. that lady starts doing black magic. while using that technique, she was about to press hanif's neck. she also possessed nadia, who was about to kill her. ronnie comes from behind and hits her. do you know who was ronnie? she was the daughter of the woman wearing a black dress. then, while using her magic, she starts giving pain to the people present in the orphanage. someone suffers from body pain. and someone's fingers were broken. then they come to that room where that caretaker was buried. the candles were blowing there, which means there will be some ritual performed. hanef's wife asks that lady that why are you doing this? okay, we agree that you can give pain to them who killed than lady, but why you killed those small kids? that girl says that it was better, and if they will live here, they will also be misbehaved. it's good that i killed them. then that lady says to hanif's wife that your husband was also included in all this. that's why, if you will kill your husband, then i will let you go from here with your sons. hanef's wife couldn't do this. meanwhile, their elder son named [ __ ] stabs that lady. the lady was in a black dress. while seeing hanif's wife cuts her neck. her neck detaches from her body, but she joins her neck again. she was coming again to attack them. but hanef's wife throws those candles on her that was blown for rituals. this was the only thing that can kill her, because these ritual candles have a lot of powers. and that girl dies because of it. here, her black magic also removes the possessed. people come to their senses. they get ready to move from the orphanage home. but they couldn't take out that owner from there, because it was the time for him to get punishment for his sins. now we see the scene. after some days, hanif's wife was going to take her sons from school, but then outside the car, the shadow of that girl is shown, whom they killed some days before. when she comes out, she didn't find that girl anywhere with it. this movie ends here. thank you for watching. 