hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alert. today we'll be spoiling the 1993 film, Jurassic Park. so let's get started. the movie begins with a nearly complete theme park filled with live clone dinosaurs, known as Jurassic Park, created by the company in Gen, whose CEO and founder is John Hammond. the park is located on Isla, Nublar an island off of Costa Rica. after an incident at the park where a worker is killed by a velociraptor, Donald Gennaro, a lawyer representing the investors of the park, demands to have experts be brought in to assess the safety. they bring in dr. Alan Grant, a paleontologist, dr. Ellie Sattler, a paleo botanist, and Ian Malcolm, a mathematician, who are all blown away by the dinosaurs and the plant life that the park has to offer. the group learns that the cloned dinosaurs are result of extracting DNA in blood found in mosquitoes that have been preserved in amber. the strand is often incomplete, so the DNA from frogs is used to fill in the gaps as a safety precaution. all the clones are selected to be female to prevent breeding. Hammonds grandchildren, Tim and Lex Murphy, are also brought to the park to see if it is actually fun for children. the group sets out on a tour of the park, while Hammond stays back in the control room to oversee the trip. dr. Sattler separates herself from the group to help an injured triceratops. later, a storm hits the island and cuts the tour short. and the group is supposed to be brought back to the welcome area where they started the tour. while this is all going on, nedra, a computer programmer that works on the island, deactivates the security system so he can steal a cloned dinosaur embryo, which intends to sell to a competitor of engine. however, in deactivating the security system, he takes out the entire power grid, which deactivates the security fences around the dinosaurs as well as stops the tour vehicles, leaving the group stranded at night in a storm. amongst the dinosaurs, a Tyrannosaurus Rex escapes and chases the group and catches the lawyer Gennaro as he's sitting on the toilet. as Nedry tries to escape, he become lost in the storm and is killed by a Dilophosaurus. dr. Sattler in the parks game warden robert muldoon goes searching for survivors, but only find Malcolm unable to reactivate the security system, Hammond in the parks chief engineer ray Arnold decided to reboot the system. the group at the Visitor Center goes to the emergency bunker, while Arnold goes to the maintenance shed to reboot the system. however, he does not return. so dr. Sattler and Muldoon travelled to the shed themselves. Sadler heads into the shed to recert the power, while Muldoon attempts to fight the Raptors outside, and is ambushed and delivers the famous clever girl line and is killed. meanwhile, dr. grant and Hammonds grandchildren discovered broken shells of dinosaur eggs, which indicates that the dinosaurs have been reproducing. dr. grant reasons that is because of some portion of frog DNA that the dinosaurs probably have, where some frogs are able to change their sex in certain environments. the three of them travel back to the visitor center to meet up with the others, where they are chased by velociraptors. when all hope is lost and they are cornered by the Raptors, a Tyrannosaurus Rex appears and kills the Raptors. the group escapes on a helicopter, and grant informs Hammond that he does not endorse the park, - which Hammond agrees. well, that was the spoilers for Jurassic Park. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 