welcome back to recap cinema. today i am going to show you a sci-fi comedy film titled hot tub time machine. sit back and enjoy. spoilers ahead. watch out. it starts off with being introduced to one of the four main characters, nick. while working at his vet job that he has no passion for, is noticed by a customer who recognized him from his old music career that was short-lived with little success, reminding him that he isn't where he wants to be. that same night, we move on to the second main character, adam. as he returns back to his house from work, he finds his recently divorced ex-wife has taken half, or should i say, most, of the belongings in their house and move down with the space in the house. adam starts to unpack some of his stuff from the basement, which is when we meet jacob, adam's nephew that is living there while his mom's new boyfriend is staying over at his house. adam starts to lecture him about getting off the video game and living life. later on, adam gets a phone call from nick, urging him to meet him at the hospital. the doctor informs them lou was poisoned from carbon monoxide poisoning. they walk in to lose room, and andy denies it was a suicide attempt. and to cheer him up, they greet him with a surprise. they arranged for them three to have a trip down to kodiak valley ski resort, where they party during their youth. they also invite jacob to get him out of the house. the next day, they take off, traveling to the kodiak valley ski resort. on the drive there, adam reminiscences on his time with his ex-wife, and his friends convince him she will come back. they also reminiscent on their times when they were younger partying in kodiak valley. but soon realize it's not like it was back in the 80s. it is run down and is no longer the party town they used to remember. arriving at their slightly beat-up lodge that they stayed at when they were young, they were surprised to see it was deserted and full of older people. they weren't sure it was going to be the party weekend they hoped for. moving on the bell boy, while missing an arm, guides them to their room. while checking out their lodge room, jacob finds a hot tub, and upon opening the lid, they find out the hot tub is filled with dead animals and abandoned. they call the main reception for someone to fix it. sun falls, and the group has lost all hope for their men's trip as they sit spiritlessly around the table, reminiscing over some of the best weekends of their life was spent at this lodge. this is until the outside doors blow wide open, and the once desolate hot tub has been repaired and illuminates a golden light. they immediately hop in, as it's the first exciting thing to happen all night. the party in the hot tub starts to kick off. and while drinking and mixing the booze, lua's illegal russian energy drink, dub chernobyl, is spilled over the hot tub circuit and it malfunctions. immediately, nothing is wrong, and they continue to drink and party until the morning the group decide to go skiing. immediately after waking up feeling fresh, despite drinking the night before, they are able to ski like they did when they were younger. nick even remarks he feels 18 years old again. however, they start to notice the atmosphere changed from the day before. everything seemed like how they remembered back in the 80s. everyone was wearing retro clothes, using old cassette tapes and nobody was using phones, until they noticed there was a winterfest 86 poster from when they last visited, and realized they have traveled back in time to relive their last trip. freaked out, they rushed back to their lodge hotel and run into the bellboy. they were reassured they traveled back in time as he had both his arms again. lou soon realizes while taking a leak, that the mirror shows what they look like to everyone else, their 18 year old. the group busy consoling on what has just happened, a mystery hot tub repairman appears through the door, giving cryptic messages and answers, but says if anything has changed in the past, the system would go haywire, essentially meaning the group needs to relive every experience the same way it happened originally. despite this being their opportunity to fix their future lives. as they start to remember what events happened so they could relive them, jenny walks into the room, and jumps on adam, kissing him. adam caught off guard. he forgot that at the time, jenny was his girlfriend that he broke up with later night, she tells him to meet her in her room later. after adam vocally regrets breaking up with jenny, they all agree to relive their night out and meet up at the end in hopes of the hot tub time machine working again. as the group walks down into the lobby, they bump into kelly. kelly is jacob's future mom, and he was conceived nine months after this current timeline, meaning the missing dad he's never known, hooked up with kelly tonight. during the trip, kelly says she is going out to party tonight at the ski patrol's lodge. they break up, and luo and jacob stick together and head outside. they see the bell boy performing tricks with a chainsaw. luo, desperately wanting to see the accident where the bell boy loses his arm, throws an early celebration. however, it misses luckily. meanwhile, adam meets jenny in her room and attempts to break up with her like he did in the past, but struggles as he really doesn't want to considering his failed relationships in the future, he backs out of it and instead asks her to go to the concert outside together later. nick meets with his band that he performed with it the night to prepare for their song later that night, and remembers that he hooked up with one of the girls at the bar, despite currently having a wife in the future. he rationalizes it as not cheating, since at the current moment he's not married. luo and jacob continue to walk as they bump into one of the ski patrol heads. luo got into a fight with him in the past and was punched to the ground. so he stood still and waited for the inevitable. that wasn't all in the past. luo got up and challenged him to meet him here at midnight with all his friends, and the ski patrol would bring all his friends. however, louis friends never showed up, and he got beaten up. it was one of lewis's saddest moments in his life. nikki's getting busy with the girl he met at the bar in her bath as to not miss anything and change anything in the future. ironically, this experience will keep him and his wife together in the future. as jacob is consoling lua on getting beaten by the ski patrol guys, a girl stops by to help luo. after seeing his bloodied up face, she tells them to follow her to her room. adam and jenny join the concert, but adam steps to the side as he doesn't want to get any closer to jenny because he needs to break up with her. a new girl by the name of april introduces herself as a journalist to review the band playing at the concert, poison. adam starts to catch a bit of feelings for her, so he backs off, telling her that this never happened, so it can't happen. now, the girl that helped lua and jacob seem to have ulterior motives. she passionately whispers to them that she only does threesomes. she kisses luo, enticed, he wants to go along with it, but jacob backs out as it's too weird, causing the threesome to fall through. as jacob storms out, he finds his uncle adam sitting next to the concert. he is trying to talk himself out of breaking up with jenny, claiming she can fix his life and be the key jacob shortly snaps him out of this, and they meet up with the rest of the group at their lodge room. at the lodge, they discuss the threesome that luo tried to trap jacob in with and that adam is delaying breaking up with jenny. luo expresses that if they're going to change the past, they need to show up at midnight to have his back at the fight. as nick and lua walk through the lobby, they see the bell boy's arm get trapped in the elevator doors. nick asks luo, should we help? luo convinces him that it's his destiny and they're not ones to change the past. the bellboys manages to escape, as lou and nick react in awe. over at the ski patrol lodge, when they beat luo to the ground, they also stole his backpack. and as they're searching through his possessions, they find all his futuristic items, like the modern ski tech, phones, earpieces, etc. inside. they also find his illegal russian energy drink that was used to spill over the hot tub circuit to travel back in time. adam is making light talk with jenny to delay the breakup. but as he is doing so, jenny slips him a note breaking up with him. taken back by shock, they fight a little before jenny stabs adam in the face with a plastic fork. jacob finds adam in the lodge room, wasted and heartbroken over the fact, after all this time, jenny wanted to break up with him anyway, the mystery time travel guy appears in the room to let jacob know that the hot tub time machine closes at dawn, and then mysteriously disappears. jacob heads off to find lua and nick, and warns adam to stay in the room because he is wasted. a few moments later, april finds adam lying down on the snow, looking at the stars, and decides to join him. adam, in his dismal state, explains that everything is predetermined in the future and the decisions you make are worthless, which april responds to by inviting him to make a stupid decision hang out with her for two hours before she catches a bus out of town. they walk to april's house and have a conversation about life while sipping on a glass of wine. they end up making out on the countertop. meanwhile, nick and lua are chatting in the kodiaq bar, as luo is trying to play the future by reinventing products in the future or buying.com domains to make money. nick confesses to him that he found out his wife cheated on him, and he can't leave because otherwise he will have nothing. his music career is over, and he barely sees his friends anymore. luo convinces him to get on stage with his band and perform to get the old nick back. jacob returns to the lodge room to find adam, but is surprised to see the mystery time travel guy sitting besides the glowing hot tub. he says everything is good to go, but they need the chernobyl drink, as it had an ingredient in it that messed the circuits up to time travel. nick is performing at the band and he decides to take a tip from lua. he performs, let's get it started by the black-eyed peas before they produced it. and the crowd goes wild. adam and april end up in the crowd to watch nick perform as well as jacob. lua is at the bar flirting with kelly, saying he has a fight to be it, but they should meet up after. as the rest of the group are getting carried away with the performance, lulu is meeting with the ski patrol guys for the fight. they brought their friends, and louis friends did not show up. he proceeds to get beaten up, like in the past. sadly, after the performance, nick, adam and jacob meet up backstage. jacob explains they need the chernobyl drink to travel back to the future. jacob asked the rest of them where's luo? they realized they forgot to show up in back luo for the fight again. they show up to the location to find a bloodied sock and shoe. after searching more, they find lua on top of a rooftop, drinking his worries away. they have a deep conversation about friendship and sticking up for each other. afterwards, luo mentions that the ski patrol guys have the chernobyl. they stole his backpack when they punched him at the start of the night. as they rushed back to their lodge room, adam bumps into april as she is queuing up for the bus out of town. they say their goodbyes, and april whispers into his ear, maybe the universe will bring us together again. they grab a ride from someone at the lodge to the ski patrol and command him to keep the engine running for when they return. the group enters the ski patrol lodge and splits up. they frantically search the bedrooms for the chernobyl drink. while luo is searching, kelly walks into the room from the party. and they continue what they started at the bar earlier. the ski patrol team arrives, which means it's time for the group to leave. as they round up luo, he is busy making love with kelly. jacob, shocked that lois hooking up with his future mom, jumps on him and he disappears because he interrupted the moment where he was conceived. lua is actually his real dad. so to bring jacob back, he needs to finish with kelly. as they try to leave, they run into the ski patrol. they think the group were spies because of the futuristic tech they found in the backpack. and he holds on to the chernobyl. luo stands up to his bully and charges forward to get knocked down. adam gives him a pep speech to boost his confidence. and he goes in again with a different approach and falls again. he tries one last time with a more unorthodox approach, and spearheads him. nick picks up the chernobyl from the floor, and the group leave in the truck they arrived in. the ski patrol guys talk it over and decide to tail them to their lodge. as they get out of the truck and walk up to the lodge, the bell boy waves goodbye, and in doing so, almost loses his arm again. but as he tells them to stay safe, after another truck comes in. oh, it finally happened. lulu finally gets what he wanted. the ski patrol team arrive, and adam shouts, man down, pointing at the bellboy, and they run. they jump in the hot tub and spill the chernobyl drink over the circuit. but before they are about to travel back to the future, luo says he's not going and is going to stay in the past. adam reluctantly won't let him, but lua pushes him, and they travel back. they arrive in the morning, but only three of them. they walk into the room and find a laptop with a video prepared luo, who stayed behind, has lived his entire life from 1986 to present time, while they just traveled back to the future. now, in the video left for them, luo explains that he exploited his knowledge of the future to become rich and famous. coincidentally, he is still in a relationship with kelly, and didn't leave her like in the past. they're interrupted by a knock on the door. it's the bell boy. he has both arms. he explained, the night he lost his arm, the ski patrol were there, luckily, and drove him to the hospital to get his arm reattached. the bell boy says he was instructed to give this paper to them. on the paper, you can see lou invented google and renamed it to lugel. also there is lou's address, home address. after driving back, adam finds out he is no longer divorced and single. he is now married to april, the journalist he met in 1986, and they have a family. nick finds out, after his hit song that he stole from the beatles at the concert, he is now a famous music producer. and him and his wife have a happy relationship. she never cheated in this timeline. and well, because luo is with kelly. they have a family, and jacob is their son. and adam, nick luo and jacob lived happily ever after 