welcome back to film on today, i'm going to explain the movie called wild things, from 1998. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. and i hope you enjoy the video. at the beginning of the movie, we see a guy. his name was sam, and he was a guidance counselor. two girls blamed him for two rape cases. and this movie is about the investigation of these two rape cases. there are so many mysteries behind it. the movie begins with a school. in this school, sam was the guidance counselor, and he's the main character of this movie. rey and his partner came to school to talk about sex-related crimes with sam. sam started talking about sex-related crimes, but then a student named susie stood up and cursed him and left. when sam asked rey about it, then he found out that rey caught her while doing drugs. therefore, she had to go to jail for six months. and that's why susie was mad at him. after that, we saw that sam was sailing his boat, and he took one of his students as his assistant in his job. one day they came back from sailing, and a girl named kelly came to sam. kelly was another student of sam's and the other main character of this movie. kelly asked him if she could wash his car this weekend. sam didn't need her to wash his car, but still, he said yes. kelly flirted with him and asked him for a ride. when sam dropped her at her home, then kelly's mom came outside. from their conversation, we found out that kelly's mom and sam have already had sex. she was asking him to go inside, but sam immediately left. on the weekend, kelly came to sam's house with some of her friends. sam was with his girlfriend. after completing the car wash, kelly asked sam that you had promised us that you will give us coupons. sam said, i need to find the coupons. when sam went inside to look for the coupons, kelly told her friend to go because she was about to seduce him. kelly went inside, and the scene ended here. in the next stage, she came out of the house, and she was looking so disturbed. the next day, kelly didn't go to school, and her mom was apprehensive about it. she called sam, and sam said, i didn't know anything about it. kelly's mom told him to visit her because she wanted to have sex with him, but sam wanted a stable relationship. kelly's mom said, you won't find anything like a long-lasting relationship in this town. none of the girls will take you seriously. suddenly, kelly's mom saw that kelly was in the backyard and she had a gun in her hand. kelly looked so angry. her mom came to her and asked what happened. kelly started to cry and said, i missed dad so much. kelly's mom was trying to convince her, but then kelly said sam had raped her. her mom became so mad and immediately took her to the police station. ray and his partner were also there. they told everyone to go outside, and they took a video testimony of kelly. kelly said, sam raped me and said, no young girls could ever satisfy me. they were analyzing the tape after kelly left. rey's partner thinks that kelly is lying. the prosecutor was also there, and he said, sam's reputation is not good in this town, and that's why he thinks sam did it. they started the investigation. when sam came to school, he found out about the case, his friend told him everything kelly's mom was so powerful and they won't be able to do anything to her. sam was so worried about it. after that, sam went to a good lawyer. his name was kenneth. kenneth asked sam if he did it or not. sam said, no, i did nothing. kenneth told him not to worry at all. after sam went to a hotel to meet his girlfriend. but his girlfriend's father was also with her, and he threatened sam to not show up in front of his daughter, or else he will kill him. one night, when sam was going home, a man crashed his car, and sam's car fell into the lake. the men came to sam and beat the hell out of him. sam also beat them and ran away. from there, we noticed that the man was the friend of kelly's mom. sam was so scared, and he called kenneth. but kenneth told him that kelly's mom is too powerful and we can't do anything. sam took a loan from the bank for his house. but kelly's mom was the director and board member of the bank, and now they will take his place from him as well. kenneth said, you are clean. when kelly's dad died. kelly was caught while taking drugs, and you are the only evidence against her. you are a clean guidance officer. judy will acknowledge this, and they will just let you go. after that, we saw susie had called the police. she was angry with rey, but she had something important to talk about. they went on a walk, and susie said to them that sam had raped her as well. rey and his partner were so surprised by this, they asked her about the details, but susie seemed a bit disturbed. susie said that sam once told me, no young girl could ever satisfy me. and kelly also said this. and this confirmed that sam was guilty. the police arrested him, and it was the day of the trial. kelly told everything in front of the court that happened to her. after that, kenneth asked a question to susie. susie also said that sam raped her. suzy said that sam would always help her if she ever got into any trouble. he was a good friend of hers. when susie went to jail because of drugs, then sam cut off all the contacts with her. kenneth asked her that you called sam to get you out of trouble when you got raped. and after one month of rape, if he raped you, then why are you asking him to help you? susie had no answer to this question. kenneth pressured her to tell the truth. she got disturbed and told everything. suzy said that sam did nothing. he didn't even rape kelly. kelly and susie made this plan to punish sam. kelly wanted to have sex with sam, but sam rejected her. therefore she became mad at him. and sam cut off all contact with susie after she came back from jail. and she was hurt about it. that's why she was helping kelly with this plan. but at last, she told the truth. kenneth was so happy and relieved. and he said that whatever happened to you was so wrong. you could get so much money from this. kelly's mom also had no other options left. she had settled with sam. after this incident, all the people started to hate sam in his school, and that's why he didn't want to continue his job. when he went to school to get his stuff, kelly was so mad at him, she told him, that the money you got was for me. my father left it for me. and now kelly hates him. after that, sam came to the hotel, but kelly was already in his room. kelly and sam made this plan to get the money. kelly knew that her mother had so much money, but she wouldn't get any until she turned 18. so she planned this with sam. after that, susie also came there. all of them made this plan together. sam warned them that we shouldn't be seen together. we need to maintain distance for some time. tonight, they had sex with each other. rey had a doubt that something was wrong with this movie. he checked sam's account and saw that he divided that money in three parts and sent them to two individual accounts. rey figured it out that kelly, suzy and sam made this plan, and he's so sure about it. in the next scene, rey went to kelly and said that dividing some money into three parts is not so cool. and he also told her that sam and susie were in love, and they will kill you. actually, rey wanted to divide these three people. that's why he went to susie at night. he told her that sam had bought a boat and bought a property as well. and he's not going to share anything with you. he's in love with kelly. susie became so disturbed and went straight to kelly. kelly called sam to calm her down. sam told her that everything will be fine. the police are just trying to create pressure between us. we will let everything happen as usual. rey heard their conversation with a device. susie was still not convinced, even though sam called her and tried to convince her. she told susie that she is also characterless like her mom. they became angry with each other and started fighting. but while fighting, they started to have sex with each other. rey recorded all of this, and he told his boss about it. he has already called sam for asking him some questions. his boss told him not to do anything, since he was in their house without their permission, which is illegal. we could get in much trouble for this. we don't have any strong evidence against sam, so we can't do anything to him. but rey was stubborn about this. one night, kelly took susie to a beach. sam was also there. both of them gave her so much alcohol that susie was so drunk. and after that, sam killed her. they wrapped the body and hid it somewhere. after one or two days, susie's grandmother reported that susie was missing. rey asked questions to the neighbors as well. susie used to come to the beach with her boyfriend. ray checked the beach, and finally he found susie's blood in a boat. his boss asked if he was sure that this was susie's blood, or else he would be in big trouble. rey's partner always thought that sam did nothing and he was innocent. but still, she was keeping an eye on him. tonight, sam noticed her and talked to her. he told her that susie was already in so much disturbance, she had already threatened two men about killing them. sam had the evidence for this, and gloria believed him. gloria told rey that susie was involved in something else. sam has nothing to do with her death. rey was after kelly, and when he saw that kelly was alone, he entered her house to talk to her. we couldn't see what happened inside the room, we heard some gunshots, and then saw that rey was injured on the floor and kelly was dead. rey's boss asked him about what happened? rey said, when i went to her house, she attacked me, and i had to kill her for my own protection. some years ago, rey had killed another girl, and he said this that time as well. the inquiry committee noticed it, and they had a doubt that rey was lying. they fired him from his job. kelly attacked rey, and rey had the video footage of kelly and rey having sex. so everyone thought that kelly had killed susie. since kelly was dead, the case got dismissed. sam was having fun on the beach. when he came back to his house, ray was also there. and we found out that rey and sam were the ones who made this plan. but only one thing was not involved in this plan, that rey would kill kelly. but rey said, i saw an opportunity and i took it. sam didn't like it at all. ray asked him about his portion of the money. sam told him that it would be two days to transfer the money, and you should spend these two days with me on my boat. rey had a doubt, but still he went with him. while they were sailing, sam asked rey to tighten a rope. when rey was doing this, sam took a hard turn, and rey fell down. sam thought that ray fell down on the water, but no, he was still on the boat. they had a great fight with each other, but then someone killed rey with an arrow. susie was still alive, and it was her who killed rey with an arrow. sam just pretended to kill susie, then they threw his body into the sea. gloria was so suspicious about this whole case, and that's why she went to susie's grandmother. she asked her about rey. her grandmother said that rey had a very bad character. once. he had a girlfriend, and he used to beat her so badly. another guy liked his girlfriend. when she tried to convince rey, rey killed her and said that he had to kill her for self-defense. susie saw rey while he killed his girlfriend. that's why he put her in jail with a fake case of drugs, so that she won't tell anything to anyone. and we found out the reason behind susie's hate towards rey. sam and susie had so much money. they had a drink to celebrate. sam had a doubt about susie as well, that she would put poison in his drink to kill him. susie said, i don't know how to sail a boat, then how can i kill you? sam drank the drink, and it really had poison inside it. before sam died, susie told him that you've cheated on so many girls. and we will find the meaning of this from gloria and susie's grandmother's conversation. suzy's grandmother told gloria that susie was not her actual granddaughter. susie's mom worked on the shore, and sam used to come to the shore for his vacation. susie's mom and sam had a relationship with each other, and when the summer vacation ended, sam cheated on her and left. susie's mom was pregnant, and she died some years later after susie was born. that's why susie always wanted to take revenge on sam. gloria noticed that susie's uncle had such a nice car. he was taking susie's boat to the city in his car. gloria said that, i didn't know that susie could sail as well. this means susie will be able to sell sam's boat as well. she won't be stuck in the sea. susie's uncle said that susie was so smart. her iq was more than 200. she was able to do anything. we found out about how susie actually planned everything. one day kelly was in the bar with sam. both of them took drugs and then they had sex. susie took photos of them having sex. then suzy blackmailed sam to help her with his plan. susie already knew that rey was not an honest police officer. susie told sam to take him in their plan, and sam did it. rey was such a cruel man. when he went to meet kelly, kelly didn't attack him. he killed her without any reason. and in the final scene of this movie, we saw kenneth and susie were together. kenneth was always a part of susie's plan. suzy got all the money she wanted, and she's dead in everyone's eyes. and now she can start her life once again from the very beginning. to watch more explanations of these kinds of movies, click on the videos on your screen, and don't forget to let me know how you feel about today's video in the comments down below. and at last, i will say, stay safe. stay well. thanks 