welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, definition aka number two face. and today's just been an amazing day if you're a dc. fan. in addition to the batman logo being dropped today, we've just had a report from vanity fair that says ben affleck will be returning alongside michael keaton as batman in the upcoming flash movie. throughout this video, we're just going to be breaking down all of the news, but there might be some spoilers here. so if you don't anything ruined, then i highly recommend that you turn off now. don't forget to subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you're as excited as we are. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into the breakdown. okay. so according to the report, the flash movie, which is planned to release in summer 2022, will feature the fast-moving speedster barry allen, breaking the bonds of physics to crash into various parallel dimensions. vanity fair did a great write-up on this that i'll leave in the description below, and they go into massive amounts of detail about what's going to be happening. when discussing the project, andy muscetti, who's going to be directing it, said that ben affleck's batman has a dichotomy that's very strong and masculine, but at the same time he's very vulnerable. he knows how to deliver from the inside out. and that vulnerability, it adds so much more to the character and provides it with a lot of contrast. he's going to be playing a very emotional part of the movie, and in my thinking, this is going to be his final farewell, and a great send-off for the guy who i think completely nailed the role. now we do know that michael keaton is also going to be featuring in it, and i think that this is going to be a passing of the torch. in case you haven't read flashpoint, basically the flash travels back in time and saves his mother, and then returns to the present to find a slightly altered dc. eu. i think at the start of the movie, ben affleck's batman is gonna be there. flash will then travel through time and he'll return to the present to see michael keaton there and be like, what the hell, man? when did you get so old. now we do know that michael keaton will be playing a sort of nick fury role in the entire dc eu, and that he'll be leading the charge going forward. this opens the door for batman beyond, uh, basically the entire bat family. and yeah, i think this is a brilliant, brilliant way to not only send off ben affleck, but also introduce the way that things are going to go. when discussing this, musketee said, the interaction relationship between barry and affleck's wayne will bring an emotional level that we haven't seen before. it's barry's movie, it's barry's story, but their characters are more related than we think. they both lost their mothers to murder, and that's one of the emotional vessels of the movie. that's where affleck's batman kicks in. he further went on to say, i'm glad to be collaborating with someone who's been on both sides of the camera too. so we do know that there's going to be a lot of grid added to this. now, obviously, as i'm sure you can tell, i'm massively, massively hyped for this. there were rumors that ben affleck was going to be returning for a batman tv show, which i never really bought into that much. but it's great to see that he's gonna be back, so he can get this proper send off. as i'm sure you know, this role really took a toll on affleck's life, and it's just great that he's getting this final farewell. i kind of have to admit that i was wrong, as i didn't think that he would come back at all. so it's great to see him back, you know, to do this final film. if it is indeed the final, who knows, he might do even more. i've never been more happier to be wrong though. and yeah, it's got me very, very hyped for what we're gonna see in the film. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the news. and if you missed our last video, and which we break down the batman logo, the suicide squad, justice league trailer and things that we've heard about other films, then definitely check it out. after this, don't forget that we're giving away a free copy of marvel's avengers on any console of your choice. and all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video, leave a comment, subscribe to the channel. and, yeah, just stay tuned for that giveaway. if you want to support us so that videos like this can get made, then please click the join button below. you can also come chat us on our discord server linked in the description, or, heavy spoilers, on twitter. if not, thanks for making it until the end of the video. i've been definition. you've been the best. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. you. 