welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this video, were breaking down season two of Kingdom, the long-awaited zombie horror follow up, is finally on Netflix. and if you've been left in the dark, ah, but the way things ended, then this is the video for you. throughout it we're gonna be breaking down the main plot of the season and discussing where things could be going in the future. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the show yet, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel to never miss a video. and please drop a like if you enjoy the content. without the way, thank you for quickness. now let's get into a breakdown of Kingdom. okay, so just a quick recap of the first season to get you up to speed. last time, the king of the kingdom was on death's door and a mysterious plague ravaged the land. I soon turned to who would be a successor. and initially it seemed like the Crown Prince Chang, would be a shoo-in. however, the Queen was also apparently pregnant. and due to the Crown Prince being of illegitimate birth, her child would become the heir should it be born whilst the king was still alive. the king died. and though it seemed like this, men are the crown prince would have sent to the throne, the Evil Queen and her father, senator Cho, had other plans. using a rare herb but known as the resurrection plant, the Queen was able to bring the king back from the dead. and she planned to keep him that way until she had an heir in place. as we theorized in our last video, the Queen had had a miscarriage, unless she'd been rounding up pregnant women in the palace in the hopes of taking their child. there was a mole within the crown prince's group. and to make matters worse, the zombie king had passed the disease onto others, and now the undead virus was spreading like wildfire throughout the land. the crown prince saw this firsthand, and season one centred around him fighting off the plague that was tearing things apart. Cho did whatever he could to kill Chang, and the first season ended with him sending a Legion of the undead to a location where he was making his stand. after some backstory to the herb, season two picks up almost immediately where the first season ended with the Horde storming the crown prince's forces. I've always viewed Kingdom as a classical story, and this is definitely exemplified here. in the first season, many of the rich characters hosted large banquets, whilst the Parral literally ate one another. and here that aesthetic is continued. food is God. and this message of the needs of the many our weighing the needs of the few, plays heavily into the finale. though it wasn't intentional. in light of recent events, the show is almost metaphorically depicting how people will try to do whatever they can to survive, even if it means stealing all of the toilet paper. I mean, rice, stealing all of the rice. to me. the poor and zombies represent people at their base instincts, fighting forever they can, whilst those in power are cool, calm and calculated. there are several examples of this in the six episode run. and ultimately, the show states that, on the whole, though humans tend to be self-centered, we are strongest when we work together. though the intro is laced with subtext, it's also just amazing to watch. and it's probably one of the best openings to a season. well, ever overwhelmed, the forces retreat, and we discovered that not only is the Prince's trusted advisor mu with the mole, but that the disease has also been used in the past as part of biological warfare. we realize later in the season that the sick and elderly were transformed into the undead through the plant and used to fend off the Japanese forces through years prior. once more, this shows how the higher-ups have little regard for the frail. and the show is eerily similar to current events. this is clearly an aesthetic that has been prevalent throughout history, and Kingdom does a fantastic job of reminding us white such folly. the prince realizes that he must end the disease in the land, no matter what, and with a skeleton crew, he heads out. after show, he has seen firsthand the desperation of the people and realizes that all the aspects of society rely on every single element to co-exist. small cogs allow the big ones to spin. and so on. and there really is, in one element more important than the other. and this Aztec means that when we do lose characters, you feel the impact that much more. the show does a phenomenal job with its pacing, and it's easily one of the best things that Netflix has put out in the past year. Kingdom really hits the ground running and doesn't let up. and because of this, it's an incredible ride from start to finish. upon arriving among young Tsung, which I'm definitely pronouncing wrong, the group are ambushed, and the crown prince comes face to face with his zombified father in an arena of chosen making. choke ilds one of the royal generals named Anne, who attempted to expose the truth of the undead King. he shot when removing the barricade that has the king and Prince locked in together. and this comes at a crucial moment. the king the heads his father in front of an audience, and is therefore denounced as a traitor. the news of the King's death travels throughout the land, and the Queen makes her play. however, the Prince and Coe have a plan in which they use the resurrection plan to bring Ann back to life. and this brings light to the lies. an attacks show directly after blood from a soldier has splashed upon him. and finally, the armies of CHO realized that the prince was telling the truth. Sebby i, whose name i'm also definitely butchering, leaves the area with joe as she's attempting to keep him alive in order to study the disease aided by mu. we learned the reason for his betrayal, as we learned in season 1. his wife was pregnant, and she was taken to the palace. and captain of the guard of the Queen, mu was told to keep a watchful eye over the Prince and report back on his moves. and it was insinuate that harm would come to his wife if he didn't. Joe is reclaimed by his forces, mu is murdered, and in the same moment, his child is taken from his wife and pronounced the heir. it's a massive gut punch for the midpoint of the season, and I really appreciated the expertly crafted writing here. and it was brilliant watching seeds that were planted in the first season come to fruition Sebby eye discovers that the resurrection plant actually produces a parasite that causes the undead to rise, and that by exposing them to water, they will die. similar to cordyceps, they operate by entering a host, changing their behavior and then infecting others. in real life, this fungi grows in the larvae of insects and passes on this way. however, in the show, it's in a rare plant. the eggs of the worm grow on the stem of the Resurrection plant, and once injected, they bring the bearer back to life upon death. through this method, CBI manages to save Cho, but he rises even more. focused on the quest for power. Cho pretty much shuts down the investigation on his daughter's pregnancy. but suspecting that a Hezbollah dt2 it, he forces CBI to examine her. I think Cho even realizes the monster that he is created, and seeing someone who reflects his tyranny is as horrifying for the character as the undead are to the kingdom. the Queen knew that this would be the case though, and she poisons her father, killing him in one of the biggest twists of the season. what I loved about this is that show had been such an incredible villain over the course of Kingdom that when it looked like he was going to die, I was so glad that his comeuppance had finally come. however, after he was saved, I felt like the characters rule was never going to come to an end. seeing him saved and then taken out by his own daughter, it's a really fitting end for the villain, and it's set the stakes for just how he will that the Queen really was. the plague is listed as the cause of his death, and Serbia is taken prisoner and forced to study up further so that the Queen can build a new army. now, the season ends with the crown prince gathering his forces to take down the Queen, who now sits upon the throne. The ministers assembled to oust her. and it's a really triumphant moment in which the crown prince shows that, through all that he is experienced, he understands the type of leadership that the country needs. now, whilst all of this political back-and-forth has been going on, you've probably forgotten about the undead, but they make a big, bad return for the finale, they were unleashed in the Queen's palace for the final battle, and it really ups the tension. things are as frantic as ever, and it's the perfect way to close out the season. the crown prince's forces actually managed to defeat them. by using the like around the kingdom, which is now frozen. through breaking the ice, they are able to dump the entire head into the water and thus kill the parasites. though moose child, the apparent heir, is bitten, savvy, I managed to save him by placing him in water. this, similar to a baptism, also has a lot of meaning metaphorically to me, and not only symbolize the cleansing of the disease, but also the cleansing of the dark influences that he would have had from the queen, who perishes during the episode. after surviving the onslaught, the crown prince finally has the throne, and he's advised to kill a child due to very few people knowing about it. however, he spares the boy, states that he is to be pronounced dead due to the war, and instead lets him take the position. now one of the big reasons that he did this is because of his loyalty to MU. though he was sent as a mole, he still stood side by side with the prince and saw the things that he did. and thus he does not kill the baby. he also believes that because the child is an innocent who was not seen the horrors of the plague, that he will be able to be guided on the right path, far away from the evil influence of what would have been his mother and grandfather. the fact that many people believe the baby to be at show also means that the throne will not be contested. many people are still loyal to the Cho clan, and the Prince knows that if he took the position, than they would rebel against him. this could throw the country into a further state of war. and in order to avert this, he allows the light to continue for the many lives that it would save. we get a time jump of seven years, and the country has stabilized, with the memory of the incident sealed off. the king is filling his new role well. however, we discovered that the infection did not fully leave him, and that a parasite still exists within his body. thus, if he dies, the infection will spread, much in the same way that it did from the prior king. he can also potentially pass it on to his heirs, and it may exist in the kingdom for the foreseeable future. how things will go, we don't know for definite, as the disease constantly mutates, and how it will lie within the young boy is a complete mystery. elsewhere in the land, we catch up with the prince with CBI in Yongsan. that three travel to the epicenter of where the resurrection plant grew. on this trail, they discovered a man planting them, who stated that his son brought it back from China. the pair had tried to sell the plan as a cure for death, but no one believed them, and thus the business didn't take off. someone had sold the plan to them, given them instructions, well aware that it would end up ravaging the land. now what this could mean as that is a conspiracy to take the country down. the way that I took the ending was that a rival country wished to ravage the land, and thus they'd been selling the seeds in the hopes of doing this. we learn that the crown prince and ko have traveled to the ham Yong province, and they come across a deserted village in which the plant grows. and they also stumble across an infected person that has a belt tied around their ankle. the season ends with them finding a woman who has the undead in boxes and is dressed like a sailor. now, by the looks of it, she's been bringing over the infected to the country, and due to the nature of the bells, she is in control of them. whether she's an enemy or simply studying the parasite, we don't know yet. however, coupled with the information from the two that planted the herb, we can guess that there was a plan to overthrow the young king and invade the country. after the initial plague didn't work and the plan to distribute it by selling it as a miracle cure failed. whoever this is could have been sent in to unleash the undead, dire luckily, and spread the worms the old-fashioned way. this would explain why the village is deserted and why this mysterious character is also dressed this way, with the creatures in containers. so to summarize it, I do think that there's a conspiracy to overthrow the king. and after two failed attempts to destroy the kingdom internally, they've sent someone in to do it firsthand. whether this turns out to be true, we won't know for a while. but there's a lot of things to look forward to, and I can't wait to see what they have in store for us with the third season. as I'm sure you can guess, I absolutely love Kingdom season two, and it gets an 8.5 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on Kingdom and what you took from the ending. make sure you comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. you want something else to watch that, make sure you check out our breakdown of what held cuoco from the outside a really is. we go over what inspired the character and the creature itself. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. every month we give away free movies to be worth subscribed to the channel. and this month you can when the Star Wars Skywalker saga box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video, make sure you sub with notifications on the winners. gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of April, and the set will be shipped out from then. - ever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next take care. peace. [Music]. 