welcome back to movietella. first of all, thank you for your continued support. your support is the reason i keep making movie recap videos. spoiler alert, movie plot and twists will be revealed, so you may want to go watch the movie first. this time i'm gonna treat you to a 2007 science fiction horror film called the mist. in bridgton, maine, artist david drayton, his wife stephanie, and their eight-year-old son, billy, take shelter in the basement of their lakeside home during a severe thunderstorm. while surveying the damage, the next morning, they notice a thick mist advancing over the lake. david and billy leave for town with their neighbor, brent norton to buy supplies. inside the supermarket, they watch police cars speed down the street, and a terrified civilian, dan miller, runs into the store and warns of a danger lurking in the mist. as a siren sounds, store managers, ollie weeks and bud brown, close off the supermarket, and the mist envelops the store. against david's advice, bagger norm goes outside to fix the store's emergency generator, but he is grabbed by a tentacled creature and dragged into the mist. david and ollie direct the customers to barricade the storefront windows, but one woman leaves to go home to her children. mrs carmody, a religious fanatic, begins preaching about an impending armageddon, while a small group of skeptics, led by brent, leave the store to seek outside help, which results in their deaths. david forms connections with several people in the store, including amanda dunphrey and irene repler, two teachers who came into conflict with mrs carmody over her religious zealotry. amanda carries a revolver in her purse and gives it to ali, who is a former regional shooting champion. as nightfalls, enormous flying insects, attracted to the lights, swarm in front of the store and are preyed on by pterodactyl-like creatures. one of the creatures smashes a window, allowing the insects inside. in the ensuing panic, two people are killed and another is burned to death in an attempt to incinerate the insects. meanwhile, mrs carmody is miraculously spared from an insect, leading her to proselytize more fervently and gain followers among the survivors. a small group led by david, goes to the neighboring pharmacy in search of medical supplies, but is attacked by giant spiders that kill two men, forcing them to retreat. mrs carmody, who had opposed the expedition, uses this failure to increase her influence by offering protection from divine wrath to new converts. the next day, following the suicides of two soldiers from the local military base, a third soldier, jesup, reveals that a government project to discover other dimensions was underway at the base, and that scientists may have opened a doorway into a dimension containing the creatures invading the town. mrs carmody's followers offered jessop as a sacrifice and expel him from the supermarket, and he is immediately devoured by a giant, praying mantis-like creature. the next morning, david and his group prepare to leave the store, but are stopped by mrs carmody, who demands that billy be delivered as the next sacrifice. her followers threaten billy, but ollie shoots and kills her and forces her followers to stand down at gunpoint. outside, he and two others are devoured by the creatures. bud runs back to the store, while david, billy, dan amanda and irene reach david's car, driving through the mist, david finds his home destroyed and stephanie dead. devastated, he drives away from town, passing a colossal six-legged beast, and eventually running out of gas, no means of escaping the mist, the resigned group members decide to end their lives. david shoots billy and the other three survivors with his four remaining bullets before leaving the car to be taken by the creatures. the mist suddenly dissipates, revealing the vanguard of a us. army armored column that is in the process of exterminating the creatures and restoring order. seeing that they have also rescued those from the store, including the woman who left to get to her kids, david realizes that he killed his son and friends for nothing and drops to his knee screaming. if you enjoyed this video, help me grow my channel by subscribing. thanks. for watching, 