hello everyone. this is mk. today we watch mission impossible 3. ethan hunt has retired from being an imf team leader, instead opting for a quiet life with his fiance, julia, a hospital nurse. during their engagement party, ethan is contacted by imf operations director musgrave, who provides him with a disposable camera. after viewing a video hidden in the camera, he finds out musgrave wants him to rescue agent lindsey ferris, ethan's protege, who has been captured in berlin by owen davian, a prominent dealer in the international black market. he reluctantly agrees to participate in the mission and meets the team which has been selected for him, consisting of declan gormley, zhen and his old partner, luther stickel. the team assaults an enemy stronghold in berlin and extracts agent ferris successfully, but she dies during their escape when an explosive capsule placed inside her head detonates. after lindsay's funeral, ethan is notified of a package sent to him by lindsay, and discovers that it is a micro dot hidden under the stamp in a blank postcard. ethan discusses its possible importance with luther, and both decide to keep its existence a secret. using information recovered from a laptop in the berlin mission, ethan then decides to go after davian himself, targeting him at a meeting in vatican city, where a lucrative transaction involving a mysterious object code named the rabbit's foot, is apparently taking place. neither of ethan's superiors, directors brassel or musgrave, has authorized the mission. before leaving, ethan reassures julia of their relationship and promptly marries her at the hospital in a small ceremony. the team then arrives in rome and sets off their elaborate plan to abduct deviant, barely avoiding disaster in the process. the operation succeeds, nonetheless. ethan interrogates davian on the flight home. however, he is angered by davian's quiet but confident threats of killing his wife, and attempts to throw him off the plane, before being talked out of it by stickle. while transporting davian across the chesapeake bay bridge tunnel in a convoy, luther hands ethan a laptop computer and plays the video message from the decoded micro dot. lindsay had discovered that director brazil is a mole who has been leaking information to davian about imf operations. suddenly, ethan and his team are attacked by foreign mercenaries who, using a uav drone, managed to extract davian. remembering davian's threats to kill his wife, ethan immediately rushes to the hospital where julia works. he arrives barely moments too late, and finds that julia has already been abducted. at that moment of despair, ethan receives a call from davian with a proposition. he must retrieve the rabbit's foot from a facility in shanghai within 48 hours, or his wife will be killed. ethan, anxious to begin his mission to rescue his wife, is abruptly taken into custody by the imf and accused of masterminding the ambush. however, he manages to escape with help from musgrave, who intercepted ethan's call from davian and instructs ethan to go to shanghai. [Music]. in shanghai, ethan reunites with his team once more, and manages to infiltrate the heavily guarded building containing the rabbit's foot and steals it. ethan then goes to the established meeting place where davian is waiting. told to ask no questions, he is made to drink a substance which knocks him out. he awakes in a cd room where davian injects an explosive charge, like the one that killed lindsay, into his head. julia and ethan are bound to chairs, and deviant threatens to kill julia if he is not told the location of the rabbit's foot. ethan, in panic, insists that he has delivered it. however, after counting to 10, deviant executes julia. after davian leaves musgrave, enters, revealing himself as the traitor, and explains the situation to a stunned ethan. davian will sell the rabbit's foot to known middle eastern enemies of the united states, the resulting attack being anticipated and controlled to generate only acceptable losses. the concept of a false flag attack taken to the next level, this will then justify a massive retaliation that would result in an internationally supported, hostile takeover of the region. he shows ethan that the dead julia was actually one of davian's incompetent personnel wearing a mask, used to make sure that ethan had brought the real rabbit's foot. julia is still alive. ethan escapes by biting musgrave's arm before attacking him and taking his phone, which is used to track down julia's location. instrumental in this is the assistance of benji, an imf laboratory technician. after a furious run through the neighborhood, ethan finally finds julia, but before he can free her, deviant activates the bomb in ethan's head. the result is a splitting noise in ethan's head, which renders him incapable of thinking properly and defending himself. davian then begins to savagely beat ethan. but just as davian prepares to kill julia, ethan manages to make an impressive comeback and hurls deviant out of the window. deviant is killed when a truck runs over him. and ethan, during the scuffle. come back from the fight, ethan unable to find a defibrillator, he loosens power cables to be able to put electricity on his body to deactivate the bomb in his head, and quickly teaches julia how to shoot his beretta pistol. julia turns on the power, which seemingly kills ethan, after which musgrave attacks her. after killing musgrave, she successfully resuscitates ethan with cpr. and the two walk out with the rabbit's foot as ethan proceeds to tell julia the truth about his secret life. back at headquarters, ethan is congratulated for his heroic actions, and then leaves for his honeymoon with julia with the blessing of his applauding teammates, and promises for another mission, which the white house is keen to contact him about. thank you for watching. please subscribe for more movie updates. 