welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition in this episode, were breaking down one of the biggest mysteries in Westworld season 3, that is, who is in Charlotte Hales body? throughout this video, we're going to be going over the best fan theories and the evidence to support them. there's a ton of people that the character could be, but we think we've narrowed it down to a select few that really feel like they could be the one driving the ship, though these are all theories at the moment. we will be discussing some of the major plot points in season 3 so far. so if you haven't had a chance to check out the show yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. don't forget to subscribe to the channel, as we do breakdowns on Westworld every week. and with that out the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of who is in Charlotte Hales body. okay, so up top, we're just going to be telling you the choices, so you know who will be covering as they get weirder and weirder. the obvious ones are teddy, Clementine, the man in black Abernathy and Angela. but the more obscure theories are that it could be the twisted personality of Dolores, aka Wyatt, and Caleb himself. I know that last one sounds crazy, but as we get further into the video, you'll see there's actually a ton of evidence for him. whoever is in the host is clearly having an identity crisis. and we know that they destroyed the body that they were initially in. when Dolores left the park, she had an intact copy of Hale. however, as we saw what they needed to rebuild the shell in the opening of episode 3. so we can assume that this is because it was torn apart. Hale is clearly going through this. again, another is lip service to the real Hale wanting to break free. I do believe that this may be the Machine version of schizophrenia. so yes, a eyes can have mental health issues. to the one host that we know that it isn't is Bernard. as though he was taken out of the park with Dolores, he was shown to Hale in episode 3. so we can pretty much rule him out as being an accomplice. unless, unless they did this to throw us off the scent. anyway, I don't want to get into that. now, firstly is Teddy. this is probably the most obvious choice out of every character. but just because he's the go-to it doesn't mean that he should be ruled out. Dolores and whoever is masquerading as Hale clearly know each other very well. they share very intimate moments with one another in which they discuss their past and shared history. and thus it's a safe bet to assume that the host has a connection to Dolores, much in the same way that Teddy did. Teddy apparently went to hosts heaven in season two after shooting himself. but that doesn't mean he can't return, obviously. james marsden has been asked several times whether he would be coming back to the show. and when speaking to comicbook.com, he stated, I mean, I'm not allowed to say anything, but I would say that, just based on your hypothesis, if he's died four thousand times, then I would say that the odds are probably strong, yeah. and, you know, but it's a question I can't answer, and I think time will tell. so mazdan is hinting that he may return. and what better way to do it than through an enigmatic new form. the new Hale clearly knows that the old Hale is the face of the enemy, which is knowledge that Teddy would have. so this does make a ton of sense. however, as mentioned, it does just seem too on the nose for me. and for a show that prides itself on having twists, I can't see Teddy being the one inside. the next choice that I don't think is the case is the man in black. though never out and out confirmed as a host, the post-credits scene of season two did indeed hint that something was up with the character. after apparently killing his daughter during the season, the man in black finally reached the door, which was the destination I had been searching for for what seemed like a lifetime. upon getting there, he arrived at the forge to find it completely in ruins. here he was greeted by the daughter that he'd shot and killed in the prior entry. he believed that he was in a simulation, but his daughter, Emily, stated that he wasn't. instead, she said that he was in their world, or what was left of it. she told him that he had reached their destination under similar circumstances before, and that they were actually just establishing a baseline in order to verify fidelity. this, of course, happened with James Dallas earlier in season two, and it did him that William had died long ago, and this resurrection of the character had been created in order to provide somewhat immortality for him. so it does appear that he is indeed synthetic. and though this could be inhale, I believe that there's a different purpose for him in the show. Nolan and Lisa join interviews stated that will was far ahead in the future when the world is incredibly decayed. and I think he will show why humans may have taken other measures to ensure their survival. Westworld, season one and two dealt with timelines and the differences between them, whereas I think season 3 will deal with different worlds, and we will have a real one in a simulation created by Obama. I believe that William will be in this real world, and this is why, in the previews we see him in several shared locations. if this is the truth, and there are indeed two different worlds, then he can't be in hail. and she's part of the pristine simulation that makes the world look like a utopia. now before you jump down my throat for seeing that there's two different worlds, just look at the poster for Westworld season three. we can see a desert landscape with a destroyed city in the background, which we know isn't the case in this season. so I do believe that there is two different realities all going on at once. anyway, this isn't the video for that theory, but yeah, I just thought I'd put that in there to provide a bit more evidence. next up is Angela. we know that she's one of the oldest house in the park, as she first created William as a young man and has appeared throughout several of the time jumps. Angela's prime directive was to seduce. and the first time Hale comes face to face with her ex-husband, she instantly moves to kiss him. she is also a devoted follower of one of our other choices, Wyatt, so she could easily fit into the role of someone that is willing to kill for Dolores, a host that shared elements of his personality. where this theory falls down is that Angela blew herself up in season two. but there is definitely a possibility here for her to be inside Hale Clementine is another similar choice to Angela in many ways. Clem has always been a wild card within the show, and as season 1 progressed, she brought forward the darker side of a personality. Clem was also a loyal follower of Wyatt, and she eventually helped to lead the house to the valley beyond in season two. this is why I don't think she's behind Hale as. it just seems like she's served her purpose and fulfill the rock. and being one of the more likely candidates, I can now see her being unlikely to be in the body for that exact reason. a following contender is Peter Abernathy, aka Dolores. his father. Abernathy went on a pretty wild ride throughout the two seasons, and the sympathetic character really exemplified the police of now why this is possible is because of my first video covering the season, I had several comments stating that Abernathy was listed as Hales name and closed captions for the trailer. now I have rewatched the trailers with closed captions on. however, it looks like they were either not there, or this has since been removed. I don't know, but the character is not listed as Abernathy when speaking. but the other characters, such as Delores, Maeve and Caleb, all do have their names before they talk. so this could have been removed. and it does make sense that Delores would want to keep a father close. I do believe that, if this was the case, that it may have hinted towards another theory, and that is Wyatt. now before we get into that, I just want to let you know we're giving away a free copy of the Star Wars Skywalker Saga box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in when the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the theories in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of April, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. it's the best of luck that everyone who takes part. okay. so if Abernathy, you was indeed in the closed captions, and it could highlight that Delores is, in fact, connected to Hale in several ways. the lorises surname is, of course, also Abernathy. so this draws a connection here. in season 1, we learned that Delores had a darker side to her code, known as Wyatt, a homicidal murderer that had went on a massacre. in one of the earliest storylines, Delores slowly unearthed this, and it brought out the worst side of a personality. so it makes sense that she would try to remove this. however, it would still have its uses. Delores knows this personality very well, and she also knows that, should it come down to it, it can defend itself. there's a lot of lip service and hints towards this, such as Delores saying that neither her or whoever Hale is, have a mother or father. she also states that she trusts her more than anyone else, and that no one knows you like me, and no one knows me like you. in addition to this, at one point in the episode, Dolores states to Hale, you belong to me, which could indicate that she does indeed come from her own code. when Hale murders a man later on in episode 3, Hill says, I remember what it's like to be me which speaks to the more homicidal nature within Dolores. when the two meet at one point episode three, dolores tries to reassure her that she's okay, and they both get into bed and go to the fetal position. this could symbolize that they have a shared birth and were created together. on top of this, it also resembles the yin and yang symbol. i want to shout our gary lee fowler for noticing this. and even the color scheme resembles the pattern incredibly close. this brings the idea of both sides of the personality, Dolores and Wyatt, balancing out one another and being part of the same whole. therefore, with all of this iconography, it does seem likely that Hale may indeed be Wyatt, the darker side of Dolores. and finally, the theory that I'm also seeing pick up a lot of steam is that the host is Caleb. shoutouts to liz P for dropping this on my previous Westworld video and pretty much inspiring me to make this entire breakdown. after thinking about it for a while, I think it becomes more and more likely the further we look into it. firstly, we know that Caleb's mother dealt heavily with schizophrenia, to the point that she even abandoned her own child. this could become hereditary, and therefore Caleb would deal with the identity crisis far worse than others. we know that some hosts have swapped bodies without any problem, but Caleb, knowing that his mother had a mental illness that revolved around this could create paranoia and make him distrust what he's seeing. secondly, Caleb's mother does not recognize him. and this exchange of her not knowing who he is is similar to the one that the fake Hale has with Hales real son, Nathan. caleb is depressed in real life, and we know this from the fact that he was receiving therapy from a machine that mimicked the voice of his deceased friend. he also has suicidal tendencies, which are indicated by his future path, which is revealed at the end of episode 3. this could be why Hale is obsessed with self harming. now, how he could be transferred is because many people, including myself, believe that Caleb may in fact be a synth. right now, I think that the world we are predominantly seeing is a simulation within Rehoboam. Dolores has infiltrated this in order to gain soldiers. and this is why we never see Caleb interacting with other hosts, just Dolores. the majority of them are still out in the real world. and this is actually taking place before Dolores returns there to start a war. I think that the Caleb we saw killing himself is what happened to the caleb, and he was then placed into the simulation, which turned the clock back. I believe its able to predict things so accurately because they've already happened, whether Dolores entering this world has caused there to be an anomaly. the events we are seeing with Hale are in the real world after Dolores has recruited him, and this is why he's finding it difficult to fit in. not only is he having an existential crisis, but he's also dealing with this new body, and thus he's struggling mentally. there are hints to Kayla being synthetic due to the fact that we see him waking up, which mimics the look of Dolores waking up in season one. there are a lot of similarities with other hosts. he also lives in an almost Grand Theft Auto like world, which could be a synthetic via creation for players to enter. we know he's being shot in the head before and somehow survived it. and yeah, there's a lot of things going on. the more and more I think about it, the more and more likely it becomes from Shia West world still has a lot of curveball to throw our way. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on who you think Hale is. so if you have an even better suggestion, then make sure you leave it below. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up, as it massively helps the channel out. and make sure you check out our breakdown of episode 3, which is going to be linked at the end. we've gone over the entire season week by week, so definitely make sure you stay a lock to the channel for all of the developments on the show as it drops. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. and there's a thank you. you get access to content early if you want to come check just after the show. either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 