in today's video, we will go through the events of 2017. science fiction, horror, alien covenant. spoilers ahead. you have been warned. make sure to give this video a thumbs up, comment on what your favorite part was, and subscribe to our channel for more business. magnate peter weyland has created a human-like android device. he talks to it in a modern room containing several forms of art and a piano. weyland introduces himself as the creation's father and asks it to name itself. after having a look at michelangelo's eponymous statue, named david, he calls himself the same. david asks weyland about his creator, to which he replies that someday they will discover the real origin of the universe and figure that out too. finally, david compares his immortal life to weyland's mortal one. this seems to unsettle weyland. it is 2104 ce, 11 years after the prometheus expedition. the colonization ship called the covenant is in outer space. it is seven years from reaching planet origai-6. their mission is to take the 2 000 colonists in stasis and 1140 human embryos to the planet to start human colonization there. walter is an android device that looks identical to david. he is also the monitor of the spaceship. he recharges the energy grid for the day as 14 of his human crewmates are in human capsules. the spacecraft collects more solar flare than required. this causes the energy grid of the spaceship to fluctuate vastly. the spacecraft is in chaos. walter reanimates the rest of the crewmates from their capsules immediately, but the ship's captain, jake branson, is burned alive in the capsule. jake's wife, daniels, is also a crew member. she is devastated by her husband's death, but continues working for the ship. two of the crewmates, tennessee and anchor, spacewalk to fix the damage done by the solar flare. anchor safely comes back to the ship, but tennessee receives a weird single christopher orem declares himself the new captain. when he gets back, the crew examines the transmission to find that it is a human voice. the source seems to be a nearby planet, which, upon examination, is more suitable for human colonization than origai-6. christopher wants to give the planet a visit, but daniels protests. she thinks that this new planet is too good to be true. however, in the end, the group decides to visit it. pilot tennessee and two crew members, ricks and upworth, stay in the covenant to maintain it in orbit. meanwhile, tennessee's wife maggie, flies a lander to the newfound planet with other crew members. the expedition team finally lands on a water body. the planet is hilly and looks a lot like the earth. leaving maggie with the landership, the crew members start moving forward. they have to walk eight kilometers in high inclination to reach the destination they got the transmission from. as they explore it, the planet seems more and more habitable. then they come across a field of wheat. someone has planted it, but they do not know who. then they reach a puddle-like area. captain christopher's wife, karine, wants to stay there to conduct a full ecology check on the place. ledward stays to help her. they plan on meeting the group at the same place in a few hours. there are no birds or animals in the area. a storm starts to form on the planet. the covenant has a hard time picking up signals from the team. ledward excuses himself to smoke. while working with karine, he accidentally steps on a fungus-like organism. spores from it fly in the air and enter his body through his ears. the other team comes across a massive deserted vehicle, one that might have crashed from outer space. they keep two of the crewmates at the entrance and go inside to explore there. tom haleck comes across the same fungus-like thing. when he checks it, its spore enter his body through his nose. daniels finds a chain with the name dr e shaw on it. according to walter, it belonged to dr elizabeth shaw. she was a chief science officer of the spaceship prometheus, which had disappeared ten years ago. the team then finds the source of the transmission. it is dr elizabeth's voice. meanwhile, ledward starts getting sick. karen decides not to wait for the rest of the group. the two of them return to the lander. the other team starts walking back when tom gets sick as well. the spores from the fungi seem to have made them sick. as maggie prepares the med bay for them, karine arrives with ledward. he is extremely weak. the girls have to drag them inside the lander. then he starts vomiting blood. maggie and karen get his blood on them as they might be infected too. maggie locks karen in with ledward and goes outside to inform the team. ledward's back tears open. a neomorph-like organism comes out of his body. it attacks karen and kills her. maggie comes in to save her, but is attacked by it too. it chases her to the other part of the lander where she shoots him with a gun. this causes a huge explosion, destroying the lander and killing everyone in it. the other group sees the explosion from outside. tom, on the other hand, is getting more sick by the second. his mouth splits open and out comes a neomorph. it attacks everyone. the team tries to fight it, but it is too quick. walter loses his arm trying to save daniels. suddenly, a bright light flashes in the sky. someone has come to their aid. the person leads the group to a safe place finally, he shows his face to reveal that he is the first ever intelligent android. device. david, he looks identical to walter. he and dr elizabeth shaw arrived there 10 years ago. they were the only survivors of prometheus. the ship carried a deadly virus that was accidentally deployed when they were landing. the animals that existed before they arrived on the planet were all killed by the virus. the pathogen had mutated and created neomorphs that attacked them earlier. due to the heavy storms, the crew cannot contact covenant. according to david, the storm can last for weeks, sometimes for several months. walter looks around david's cabin. david comes in as he is looking at a flute and teaches him how to play one. david has more emotions than walter. he had scared the humans 10 years ago, so they updated the rest of the androids to be followers and not creators. david pities walter. meanwhile, sarah rosenthal, a member of the security unit, moves around the place, exploring it. she comes across a tall neomorph. it kills her and leaves her in a water fountain nearby. when she doesn't return for a long time. christopher goes to check on her, but before him, david reaches the spot. the neomorph sees him, but doesn't attack. it is as if it recognizes david. he looks at the creature in fascination. when christopher arrives, he points his gun at the beast. david stops him, saying that the neomorph won't hurt them. however, the captain shoots it dead. christopher sees sarah's head floating in the water. he asks david to tell him the whole truth, and threatens to shoot him. david then leads the captain to a closed area. the team in the covenant is actively trying to connect to the crewmates on the planet. when they finally do, they plan to land on the planet to get them back to the covenant. tennessee asks them to speak with his wife, maggie daniels, informs him about her death. meanwhile, david takes christopher to his lab. he shows chris several forms of the pathogens that he had mutilated. then he takes him downstairs to show him his successful experiments. there lies several pods breeding the pathogen. david assures the captain that it is safe, and convinces him to look into one of the pods. but as he does that, a neomorph jumps out of the pod, latching onto his face. david watches as the creature strangles christopher. meanwhile, when the captain doesn't return for long, another team member, cole, goes to search for him. he finds sarah's body and the dead neomorph. he quickly reports to the team. daniels orders two of the men to find christopher, while she contacts the ship to land as soon as possible. they prepare to leave. david, on the other hand, watches christopher wake up. just then his body splits open, giving birth to a new kind of protomorph. david smiles looking down at his creation. walter comes into david's lab searching for him. when he finds dr elizabeth's body, it had been dissected. he then finds david playing flute for elizabeth as an elegy. walter has realized that the virus did not accidentally deploy while they were landing. he accuses david of releasing it into the planet. david does not deny the claims. he says that humans are unworthy organisms. they are a dying species and do not deserve another chance at civilization. hence, he will not let their colonization program be successful. david believes that the neomorphy has created our perfect organisms and will rule the universe in the future. he tries to convince walter to be on his side and kisses him. he then slices walter's throat to kill him. cole and the security chief, dan, are still searching for christopher. cole finds his bloodied body in david's cabin. just then a creature attacks him. he somehow gets rid of it, but then it lashes onto dan's face, burning it severely. a now grown protomorph again strikes them. he then slices water's throat to kill him. it kills cole, but dan manages to escape. david finds daniel snooping around in his lab. daniels tries to escape, but they get into a fight. david strangles her and tries to kiss her, just then walter comes in and saves her. lope and daniels run out of the place, while walter fights david. tennessee is coming to get them on a ship outside. they send the ship a signal and wait for them to arrive. walter has defeated david. he comes out of the place too. the spaceship has finally arrived. the three of them rushed to get into it, while being followed by the protomorph. they eventually get into the ship and close its door, but the protomorph climbs onto it. daniels goes outside with the gun to try and kill it, while walter helps dan with his wound. finally, daniels manages to capture the creature in a crane. walter brings daniels inside. then the group finally comes back to the covenant. upworth has paramedic training, so she aids dan's injury, while daniels looks after walter's cuts. she thanks him for saving her life. daniels is the new captain of the team. she is on her bed when she is called to the med bay immediately. an unknown form of life has been identified in the ship. she and tennessee rushed to the med bay to see a bloody dan on the floor. the organism has moved to the crew quarters where upwards and rigs are in the shower. before daniels can reach the quarter, the couple has already been killed. she and tennessee plan to lure the creature into covenant's terraforming bay and eject it into space. daniels almost gets ejected into space as well, but survives. the confident ship continues its journey to its initial destination, origai 6. walter puts tennessee and daniels back into the pod in stasis. as daniels is in she realizes that the android in front of her is, in fact, david. but she cannot do anything from inside the pod. the movie ends as david regurgitates two embryos and places them in storage with the human embryos. thanks for watching. make sure to like and comment on the video if you enjoyed it, and subscribe to the channel to see more of these movie summaries 