Welcome to Cinema Summary. Being John Malkovich is a mindboggling movie, one of many in fact. Let\xe2\x80\x99s cut to the chase and see what it's like to be John Malkovich Craig Schwartz is our loser protagonist: unemployed and a puppeteer in a breaking marriage with his pet-obsessed wife Lotte. A lucky find in the classified section gets him a filing clerk job through Dr. Lester at LesterCorp, in the strange Floor 7\xc2\xbd low-ceiling offices of the Mertin-Flemmer Building in New York City Here he develops an attraction (though it\xe2\x80\x99s more of an obsession) to his coworker Maxine Lund, who does not return his affections. One day while working, Craig accidentally finds, and enters a small door hidden behind a filing cabinet and finds himself in the mind of actor John Malkovich Craig is able to observe and sense whatever Malkovich does for fifteen minutes before he is ejected and dropped into a ditch near the New Jersey Turnpike. Like literally, ejected and dropped. Craig tells Lotte, who becomes obsessed with the experience, allowing her to live out her transgender desires. Lotte becomes attracted to Maxine and they begin a sexual relationship via Lotte being inside Malkovich's head while Maxine has sex with Malkovich. Craig, ditched by both women, binds and gags Lotte and locks her in a cage, then enters Malkovich's mind and has sex with Maxine What the heck is wrong with these people? Craig with his expert puppeteering skills discovers that he is able to control Malkovich's actions while in his head and brags about it in front of a caged Lotte But the actor realizes his lack of control and begins to feel paranoid that he is being controlled by someone else. After Malkovich talks with his friend Charlie Sheen (an equally real actor), Malkovich follows Maxine to the Mertin-Flemmer building, discovering Maxine and Craig\xe2\x80\x99s business, where he himself tries the portal into his own head and finds himself in a world where everyone's face looks just like him and they can only say "Malkovich" Running out of the strange restaurant, he is then ejected and meets Craig by the turnpike. Malkovich demands that the portal be closed, but Craig refuses. Lotte escapes with the help of her pet chimpanzee. She phones Maxine, revealing that it was Craig who was having sex with her while inside Malkovich. Maxine is annoyed but accepts it, she enjoyed the experience and goes to Malkovich\xe2\x80\x99s anyway. Seeking help, Lotte finds Lester, who reveals Seeking help, Lotte finds Lester who reveals himself to be Captain Mertin, the original founder of LesterCorp. Lester is aware of the portal, and has a room dedicated to Malkovich's life which Lotte had discovered earlier in the flim. So a little explanation for you guys whoever enters the portal is basically a ghost and whenever they enter this portal, which is connected to somebody. On their 44th birthday at 12 'o'clock at midnight This 'ghost' can take control of this body, forever. But! If they go past midnight, instead of this body... they go into the body, of 'their child' and when that happens the 'ghost' cannot control the body. Lester, who has been using the portal in order to live longer, reveals his plan to use Malkovich when "ripe" as the host for him and several of his elderly friends. Offered the chance to join Lester's group, Lotte warns him that Craig currently has control of Malkovich. Craig finds he is able to remain in Malkovich permanently. He spends the next eight months in Malkovich's body, using his skills as a \xe2\x80\x98puppeteer\xe2\x80\x99, he is able to turn Malkovich into a world-class puppeteer as narrated over a TV special. Malkovich marries Maxine. He learns that she is pregnant though their relationship grows distant. As Malkovich's 44th birthday approaches, Lester and his friends make a deal with Maxine, and fake her kidnapping. They call up Craig, threatening to kill her if Craig does not leave Malkovich. Craig ends the call, causing Lester to think that he is calling their bluff. Lotte loses hope and tries to kill Maxine, but they end up at the turnpike after falling through the portal and through Malkovich's shame-ridden subconscious. Maxine reveals to Lotte that Maxine conceived when Lotte was inside Malkovich's body, and she kept the child because it is "theirs". This reveal cements their love for each other. Craig calls back Lester, thinking Maxine is still in danger. Realizing his opportunity, Lester continues his bluff, convincing Craig to leave Malkovich's body which he does Lester and his friends enter the portal ,taking control of Malkovich. Craig, discovering that Lotte and Maxine are together again, decides to enter the portal to become Malkovich and regain Maxine\xe2\x80\x99s love, however he has unknowingly missed the deadline for getting into Malkovich. Years later, an aging Malkovich, containing the collective mind of Lester and his friends, reveals to Charlie Sheen a plan to prolong their lives via Maxine's daughter Emily, within whom Craig is now permanently trapped. Through Emily's eyes Craig watches Maxine and Lotte living happily together. Thank you so much for watching, if you liked it leave a like down below and subscribe, if you haven't. Until next time! Malkovich, Malkovich, Malkovich. 