Catelyn will release Tyrion, and you'll make your peace with Jaime. he butchered my men. we'll talk when I return from the hunt. you'll have to sit on the throne while I'm away. you'll hate it more than I do. inform Tywin Lannister that he has been summoned to court to answer for the crimes of his bannermen. he will arrive within the fortnight, or be branded an enemy of the crown and a traitor to the realm. where is the King's justice? I am accused and demand a trial. you demanded a trial by combat. us down for the dwarf. I know this little man. this little man is going home. he'll be the greatest King that ever was. a golden lion, and I'll give him sons with beautiful blond hair, the Lions, not his sigil. idiot. he's a stag like his father. he is not. he's nothing like that old drunk King. Lord orys Baratheon black of hair. axel Baratheon black of hair. Robert Baratheon black of hair. Joffrey Baratheon Golden Hat. I want what I came for. I want the crown. he promised me a crown. for King. here's no dragon. fire cannot kill the dragon. I know the truth. Jon Arryn died for do you love your children with all my heart? no more than I love mine. I'm they're all jealous. when you play the game of Thrones, you win or you die. Robert, we are hunting a bull. I hereby command Eddard of House Stark to rule in my stead until my son, Joffrey, comes of age. Jon Snow, Lord Commander Mormont has requested you for his personal steward. it wants to groom you for command. what's he got there to me? ghost, for you to you will sail to Dragonstone tonight. you will place this in the hand of Stannis Baratheon. I need the gold clogs. the city watch is 2,000 strong and sworn to defend the King's peace. when the Queen proclaims one king and the hand proclaims another, whose peace do the gold cloaks protect. all is accomplished. the city watch is yours. good all. hail His grace. Joffrey of houses Baratheon and Lannister, first of his name, king of the Andals of the first men. your son has no claim to the throne. sir, Barristan, seize this traitor. you think he stands alone to trim all of them like regard it. commander, men of the watch, I want no bloodshed. I did warn you not to trust me. arias dark, come with us, for father wants to see you kill the Braavosi. bring the girl. are you a child? we are done with dancing for the day. one of my daughters, the younger one, seems to have escaped the castle and sinister, still engaged to Joffrey. Cersei, will keep her close. the rest of your household, though all dead. it grieves me to say it. it's also, without a doubt, the other ones. jafer flowers, my lord, less the hand the wolf tore off. we twist by white walkers. that's why they came back. that's why their eyes turned blue. only fire will stop them. treason. His grace summons me to King's Landing. I'll go to King's Landing a lot alone, call the banners. but on Geonosis, his wound must be washed and sewn or it will Fester. if I go to King's Landing him, bend my knee to Joffrey would never be allowed to leave. no. our best hope, our only hope is that you couldn't afflict them in the field. please, your grace, I ask mercy for my father. Lord Eddard Stark, your sweet words have moved me. but your father has to confess. he has to confess and say that I'm the king. we need to cross the Trident, and we need to do it now. but the father would do whatever it took to secure our crossing, whatever it took him. Lord Walder has granted to your crossing. you will marry one of his daughters, then I consent. Oh, John, he will die tonight. Khaleesi in comment, he can't. I won't let him. and now you must save him. he's beyond the healers skills. there is a spell. some would say death is cleaner. you heard, I hear. we won. the scouts were wrong. there were 2,000 stark bannermen, not 20,000 here. where was he with his other 18,000 men? by the time they knew what was happening, it already happened. ladies, dog I come before you to confess my treason. Joffrey Baratheon is the one true heir to the Iron Throne. so long as I am your king, treason shall never go unpunished. sir Ilyn, bring me his head. they have your sisters. we have to get the girls back, and then we will kill them all. there sits the only King. I mean to bend my knee to turn on and off. you will go to King's Landing and do what rule. you will serve as hand of the King in my stead. the boy did not have her. where is Khal Drogo? show him to me. you asked for life. you paid for life. this is not life. when will he be as he was? adding, the orphan boy, no one asks an orphan too many questions. there's nobody gives three shits. what's your name? Ari? it's a thousand leagues from here to the wall, and winter is coming. because I want you and your wolf with us. when we ride out beyond the wall tomorrow, the Nights Watch will ride in force against the wildlings, the White Walkers, whatever else is out there. so lonely ask you once, Lord snow au, a brother of the Nights Watch, or a bastard boy who wants to play in war? [Music], 