so finally, we have some more news on powerbook 2 ghost, and it's a teaser to go with the news as well. but public 2 ghost is coming back with season 2 on november the 21st. so that's the day that we need to lock into our diaries. and it really isn't that far away, especially because we have raised in canaan and bmf to watch before. so it really will come around quickly. but let's get straight into this teaser. and it was a very short teaser with a couple of extra scenes from season 2, which we've not seen yet. but we see kane and tariq looking at each other. and this is an image that we've seen before. and these two seem like they're going to be working together a lot more in season two. and i really can't wait to see how the relationship develops. because kane could do it somewhere like tariq. if kane is someone who is able to keep his emotions in check and be a bit more wiser with the moves that he makes, then he really would be more dangerous than he already is. i feel these two can really complement each other, and they'd really work well together. and then you add into the mix braden and fe as well, it really would be one hell of a team. and we know that kane has taken a liking to braden already in season one, episode six, after he saw what he could do. so i really hope we see a lot more of braden and kane as well. but we see an image of terry going into class. he tells us that you got to play the hands that you're dealt with. you got to deal with the consequences. and this season is going to be heavily focused on ethics, and an ethical dilemma that tariq is going to face in his life, from what's right and from what's wrong. does the end justify the means? it's going to be a question that tariq is going to be asking himself all season long. we then cut to the streets an area which is locked off by the nypd. so some things happen. and this isn't the jabari incident, because you can see the snow and it's real icy. but this is what we've been saying about power book two. goal season two, we really are gonna get back to the grittiness and the old power vibes. it's gonna be a lot more street, a lot more dark. and i'm sure we're gonna see a lot more violence and death next season. and the next scene proves it as well. the scene that we saw in the previous teaser that they gave us, we saw kane having a fight with someone, which is who he has tied up in this chair with him drawing his knife. in the background, we have mecca. that's the new connect from what we know from his character description. but kane doesn't seem like he's playing games in this scene. and he's about to carve this boy up right in front of mecca, or on the orders of mecca himself. and this is probably someone random. i don't think it's a huge character that they'd be killing. but let's wait and see who this is and why kane is gonna kill him. but then there's a quick flash of images of monet, davis maclean and diana. and thus the teaser in a nutshell. and i really hope monet can step up this season. especially watching raising kanan and how dominant rak is and how she's portrayed herself to be, i really hope mone can step up and show that she can do the same but pablo, two ghosts are not gonna be playing games come season two. they're about to level up in all sorts of aspects. and i'm looking forward to a lot more of the streets returning, especially with crystal ball and roberto. and this relationship between kane mecca and what maker's plan is for the tardis. because from his character description, it does tell us that he has a plan for the tardis beyond the family business. so it's going to be interesting to see what he has planned for the likes of kane, monet, drew and diana. but this teaser was very short, and they didn't give us anything else. but i'm glad we finally got a date, because we knew it was going to be november, but now we know it's november 21st. and i'm excited for power book 2 ghost so drop all your thoughts and comments down below in the comments section. and if you haven't seen the small teaser, then i'm going to link that down below for you guys as well. but drop all your thoughts and comments down below in the comment section. and of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscribe button if you don't see everything, power book 2, empower universe related. but as always, thank you guys for watching. and i'll see you next time. 