listen. so these three right here would be some of my favorite horror comedies to come out in the past decade. and i highly recommend them if you haven't caught them, because they do a great job at poking fun at a lot of the tropes within the genre. but netflix is looking to create a franchise of their own that has more homages than a logic album, and they're looking at a trilogy. so let me explain. do they make fun of you for still having a babysitter? yeah, but then they see her and they get really jealous. so this series comes from mcgee, who's worked on a couple of projects for netflix already and seems to have a pretty good relationship with them. it also comes from writer brian duffield, who recently did the movie adaptation of spontaneous, which follows a high school class as they each start blowing up spontaneously. i'm just so glad i didn't explode all over you. personally, i prefer the first babysitter to the second, but both are pretty much just mcgee living through his characters as they all reference all of his favorite movies. so go catch him on netflix if you're interested. shout out to our sponsor, surf shark. and a full spoiler warning for both of these movies. so in the first we follow cole, a high school kid who's constantly getting bullied by his classmates, his teachers. kids scared of smart cars. he has a bigger fear of vaccines than your average midwestern american. why are you giving me [ __ ] today? i mean, it's just a needle, man. do you think i'm a [ __ ] mom um? luckily, samara weaves in and saves him every time he's in trouble. hey, you're still giving this to me right? 100? can't have a sticky door on my car. boy says, you. cole and b actually do have a really big nerdy bomb together. you know, they create their own drive-in in the back. she lets him take shots. they really connect on different levels. the only problem is she's made a deal with the devil and has nick fury to group to prey on the blood of the innocent. and all of this only works if we get that top shelf pure [ __ ]. honestly, they're milking this boy like he's their first cow, and every day is a blood drive. lore wise, satan has his own unholy book that they follow. and it's filled with verses and rituals to recite. and one of them just so happens to be reenacting the kissing booth. obviously, this hypochondriac isn't going to listen to the police when he calls him to report it, and that's what gets him caught before having the bloodiest night of his life. i mean, nobody's done human sacrifice. people have always done human sacrifice, yeah, but like, not in america with hot people. and so breaking down the crew, you have allison, who got recruited by bee because she wanted to be a journalist and was told that the only way to reach her only fans was to go all the way. and honestly, it's just muji playing the hot girl. hi. cole sonia is meant to be the goth one in the group who appears randomly. you know, previously she used to clean up the dead before getting recruited by bee, who offers her a pitch perfect plan to get closer to them, but then that blows up in her face. she's also always making cookies. so i would say like, this is mcgee being a mug baker. why is he shirtless. that's your first question. robbie amell plays max, who went out of his comfort zone this time. you know, he he plays a quarterback and a fried cook. dude carries some anger management with him and joined the cult as a release. but he's also the only dude who tries to help coal with the bullies that are egging his house and egging him. yet, even at the end, he gets left out to hang. and this is really mcgee just fantasizing himself as a spongebob squarebot. you look like carrie, but black. what the hell are you wearing? looking like big bird's side [ __ ]. then there's andrew batchelor playing andrew batchelor. his flashback is that he wanted to make it big with singing, but honestly, his career, his career, was gonna last as long as a vine. [Music], no one learns anything in classical that's why we have the internet. and then there's melanie, who's cole's neighbor, who he has a crush on, before, you know, she tries to crush him. and i actually really liked her story, because she's the one who's always there to comfort cole. and the way others can't. like be was there, but nothing tears down your self-esteem more than having your entire fabric of reality shred right in front of you. yeah. while he has the most supportive parents, melanie's are actually going through a nasty divorce, with her custody being at the bottom of their list. here's his high school team card. i think i have to divorce to make mom jealous. but it didn't work, because it's just a car. eventually, they do have that moment where he us into his neighbor's arm and he's able to get intimate with her. and honestly, you give a boy a kiss, and all of a sudden he has the courage to go pull up on them. that said, i thought this boy was going to pull a baby driver and try to run off with his girl, but instead he turns into a weapon and commits vehicular manslaughter. science fiction, you can do anything. overall, i think the first is fun because of its initial twists and turns. you know, samara weaving is also a big factor, and it makes sense why she's blown up since and is bound to have a most excellent career. i thought i had a lot of cool slow-mo shots. and i do like some of the camera work throughout the movie, but it's just very self-referential. you know, like i said, each character is just a different variation of mcgee with the quips and the references that they pull. yes, mcgee as the hot girl, the buff guy, the blonde, as an influencer. and while that does create a formula where you can deliver as many jokes as you want through your characters, it is one that i think works better the first time through, especially when the second one kind of takes away from all i don't need a babysitter anymore, boy, after burning down the house. you're right. i'm never leaving you at home again. big thanks to surfshark for sponsoring this video and the channel as a whole, and for actually helping me watch a tv show recently. everyone's heard by now how a vpn helps with protecting your data, navigating the internet, you know, making you more anonymous and whatever be really is. but one of the big things they really stand behind, and i fully support, is how axes should not be tied to nationality. for example, i recently tried to watch the original series to utopia, and just i couldn't because of region restrictions. not only could i not find it to stream or digitally purchase, but even if i wanted the dvd set, i'd have to buy a completely new dvd player because of the way that it's locked. so thanks to sur shark, i don't have to drop the plane ticket to europe just to watch the better version of a television series. i can just click, click, cheerio, and boom, and i have access to purchase it. geo blocking even affects a lot of sports games and live shows, as many of you know, that you're already paying for. they just demand you be at home, even though they tell you to download a mobile app on top of it. search has a great ad blocker, which i recommend since, you know, again, most of the ad rev goes to the greedy studios anyway. but it does a great job at protecting your search history, keeps no logs, and they even offer a 30-day money-back guarantee. so if you're interested in getting a vpn and want to support the channel, head over to surfshark.deals. let me explain, and use the promo code. let me explain, to get 83 off plus a whole three months for free. so shout out to sir shark for sponsoring this video and helping us make content, including even watching it. now, if there's one thing we gotta learn from these horror after credits, is that you have to stay there and never leave the bad guy alone, because then they'll disappear and there will be a sequel. so about two years later, and my boy cole is full grown since he's been drinking his milk. he's a junior in high school now, who, even though he fought off devil worshipers, is still seen as a weird kid, since no one believes him. there were no bodies, so it just looked like this kid drove a car into his own house. but they just brush off everything else that it doesn't really make sense. like, for example, they nonchalantly mention the fact that, you know, i don't know, two other cops were killed that night, which would automatically put this kid in the can. but, you know, we'll see that continuity. yeah, it isn't this series strong points. poor cole's still getting booked. but his neighbor, too, is now full-grown, but fully moved on, sadly, dating someone just like her douchebag of a father, melanie, you know, my dyslexia's kickstand when i'm stressed for the sign up. not did i? there's also a new transfer student from juvie named phoebe, who gets introduced like she's a part of disney's mean girls 3. and honestly, to me, none of the new characters are really extra funny in my opinion. you know, they just add more cringiness than anything else. nothing to worry about. they're not backed by tomorrow, i'll bring in ice, nice baby again. they're just new mcgee standings and where their their modern day teams. listening to this old school playlist, there's somehow doubled the amount of references in this one. hell, it even starts referencing itself back. and he's got everyone name dropping movies left and right, which, you know, sometimes is literally just them saying the name of the flick. but other times it is fun to scope out what they're trying to homage. thanks. and i'll be sure to tell them largemouth sent me down and play. did i die first last time? you're that first july. if you ain't first, your last, you watch terminator 2. yes, it's one of the four sequels in cinematic history that supersedes the original? uh, only two. they even have a howard hughes reference when breaking down cole's mental health, which, okay. but one, i'll take this time to recommend the aviator. and two, yo. they really had this kid throw a g's worth of pills out. yet again. kohl's fighting his anxiety and goes out to a cabin in the woods with melanie and her new friends, where it's no longer seven minutes in heaven, but two. like that's two full tick tocks. this twist this time around is that the neighbor has gone bad because, well, you know, i want to be an absolutely. and while sure, that makes for a great twist, it kind of completely backtracks everything from the first just because she's a psychopath doesn't mean women are evil. the whole cast comes back, since they all made a deal with the devil as well, making this an updated netflix version of the story of faust, if he said lines like, who was just going sword? luckily, the devil gives good head and legit. these guys come back looking like the power rangers. turns out that the new girl, phoebe, is the only innocent one. and so cole slides into her in order to get away. but now she's also in danger. they end up having her reenact her role in season two, of you which, wtf. even later on, they orchestrate an entire clip just so she can get p on her face, which, wtf again. but at least this time netflix realized this wasn't a french film and decided to go the metaphorical route when showcasing these kids doing the dirty tango for the first time. like i said, the second one is definitely more contrived, and even the stuff that's supposed to be funny just felt extremely flat for me. but at least they upped the kills on this one. besides having bella always storing her boobs, i think she had the best horror effects on hers. because that neck though, max is actually the one who explains that they have till sunrise to get the pure blood that they need before having to go back into limbo and waiting two years for netflix to greenlit a third but then he gets propelled. but like upload, you know he'll be back. but the kill for john, i think, was the most goofiest one, because you could, like, you could literally see the bucket of blood being thrown on joe dirt's face over here. in terms of the ending, again, didn't work for me. see, b comes back, and like the terminator, she goes from being the bad guy in the first to having a change of heart and, you know, wanting to continue to babysit. it's just, you know, funny, considering everything that happened in the first girl had an entire years long relationship with this boy, but it wasn't until right before she died when she was like, damn wait, i actually do like this kid. and all of this only works if we get that top shelf pure [ __ ]. and coal is basically a faucet of that for us. on top of that, the reveal is that she was also phoebe's babysitter way back in the day, whose initial deal with the devil was to save phoebe from a car accident that they were in. and that's why we see similar tattoos on the both of them. you know, just like in the first when colin b had their sci-fi debates, phoebe seems to have had those same discussions when she was like, six years old. and sketches picard eating a xenomorph. and b had left some easter bunny eggs to set up the whole thing, including baiting melanie into setting up the whole thing, which is just a risky plan, considering this boy could have been laid out before he actually got laid out. oh my god. me carl was ready to get laid me virgin. we work with what we have. it's also funny, happy found herself in the scenario because of phoebe, but it's cole who gets the final goodbye, and everything centers around him, because, again, he'd be mcgee in the story. so ready or not, they all poof away due to their deal with the devil and the fact that b set it all up in order to protect these kids, who she kind of wasn't there for before. and tomorrow, herself even drinks to defeat her demons and go shoot the new gi joe movie, as he finally becomes a cool kid, kinda like he did in the last one. overall, it's the same crew and does have the same spunk that the first one has, just not at the same level. i mean, a lot of it is the first just with more flashbacks than a rocky intro. there's a fine line between how much is homages and how much you're bringing to the table, you know, kind of like a mixtape. and the first one just handled it better, in my opinion, because for a movie that brings up the best sequels, it just ain't there. but boy, you know, they're keeping that book open for a third thank you guys for watching this video. and again, a big shout out to sir shark for sponsoring this channel. i'm curious to know your october picks. what are the horror movies that you're watching during this month, the ones that sent out to you? any new stuff, even old stuff? and also your thoughts on the third one. i'm pretty sure that netflix is going to greenlit a third one in order to be able to at least complete the trilogy. whether the kid ends up growing up and needing a babysitter for his own kid, you know, he gets another wall growth spurt. but, uh, i'm curious to see how they're gonna flesh it out, because i personally feel like they had too many plot holes for what happened with the second one and what that does for the first but i don't know, maybe they could tie it all in maybe she ends up being a high level demon, if not the devil herself. but i just hope they bring the therapist back, because he's at least been the one consistent comedic person within the series. um, but i'm also curious to know where you think it's gonna head. uh, i think it's interesting just to follow mcgee's work. you know, this is the man who did charlie's angels. even if i don't think he makes the greatest of films on the platform, i think that he has created some of, like, the best streaming stuff, if that makes any sense. like, i think that his relationship with netflix has caused a lot of his stuff to actually have some of the best output. for example, rim of the world and both babysitters have the best sound effects, like, they actually mix them well. it's one one of the things that i've noticed watching his movies, compared to other stuff that netflix has, is that they actually create a surround sound, uh, that you can get on streaming. so, you know, he's always been big on the future of streaming. and just hearing him talk about stuff, it makes sense why he keeps the gigs coming. i never went to school to learn how to make a record, but i've written number one songs and made number one records. i never went to film school, but i can make a movie. and i never went to tv class, and i can executive produce a tv show. so, i mean, maybe because my brain is vibrating on that frequency that tortures me a lot, i can see and hear things just a little bit differently, is to make them interesting. other than that, let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section, for this movie, or any others. let me know your horror picks. until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe and watch final girls. 