a group of gamers are invited to try a state-of-the-art virtual reality but it turns out to be a deadly trap. welcome to total recaps. today we will explain a 2016 action sci-fi thriller titled the call up. take a seat and enjoy. at the beginning, we are introduced to carl, who is a hardcore gamer. he is alarmed to attend a very important elite gamer event. full of excitement, he enters a large building where other gamers are already waiting for everything to start. there are eight gamers in total. they observe the place, unaware what might happen and what to expect. then a voice can be heard welcoming them all to beta testing. they must all sign in on the tablets in order to start with the test, and are provided with lockers for their personal stuff. they then need to change into special suits that are equipped with motion capture technology. gamers now enter a room where they are scanned by a machine, and then they are given yet another suit, but this time an armored one. the specially made helmet they must wear actually cannot be taken off once gamer puts it on. one of the players named zaheed refuses to wear the suit because he does not want to look like a terrorist, since he is a muslim. so he tries to walk away, but the doors won't open. someone controlling the game won't let him leave. shelley now talks to zaheed, trying to convince him to participate. so he eventually calms down and agrees to suit up. the simulation starts, and the room suddenly turns into a post-apocalyptic place. they are all amazed with the view as they look around. but zahid, on the other hand, looks concerned. he starts to think joining the game was a mistake. a simulated person appears all of a sudden, and he instructs them to fall in line. he is a sergeant, and he seems very strict. he seems so real, shelley needed to touch him to confirm it is only a simulation. now all players get their weapons. one of the players named andre used to be a soldier, and he claims those weapons simply look too realistic. the sergeant warns them, if they get hit, their armor will suffer. he then shoots marco, who loses his armor because of the shot. they are also given some medical tube which can heal them in case of an injury. sergeant then explains how in the game, they must fight terrorists who occupied the building. they will start at the 25th floor and move to the bottom. the gamer with the highest score wins the game. everything is ready. the game can start. the former soldier, andre now takes a lead. the first enemy appears and starts to shoot the gamers, but andre takes him out. now on the 24th floor, they find more weapons that actually look even more advanced, but there are only four pieces. marco makes a kill with a new weapon. and adam tries to shoot a sitting enemy, but fails with each bullet. the enemy now fights back, and andre saves adam, but loses his armor. one of the gamers named taylor now tells she is not actually a real gamer, but shelley comforts her, it is only a game. she is then almost killed by the enemy, but carl jumps into rescue and makes his first kill. but there is another enemy in hiding, and he manages to shoot carl. carl is now in pain. something is seriously wrong. earlier, sergeant gave them those tubes that can make the pain go away. so andre steps in and uses that tube on carl. it seems to be working. the wound is gone. but carl is still in shock. he's sure this is not a game. the others are very confused. as carl explains how the pain came from the suit. they now try to take it off, but it is impossible to remove it since each suit is locked. they argue and almost fight each other as tensions are rising between them. andre gets accused. he knew about the reality of the simulation, as he had some real experience as a soldier. so he gets angry and leaves the room. suddenly, the enemies respawn, and one of them shoots andre twice. since he used his tube, he is now forced to suffer great pain inflicted in the shooting. other gamers heard the gunshots, and then edward gets shot as well. the others now run, scared for their lives. andre somehow exits the room, and adam throws a grenade, when suddenly the voice can be heard. it says the second run is over, and adam gets declared as the winner. andre is now in some serious problems. a sound can be heard coming from his helmet, and he is then electrocuted. andre is dead, and the rest are in shock, seeing what just happened. saheed asks carl to destroy his helmet, which he cannot do. sergeant then appears again and warns saheed and the others they must not try to take off anything, and that they must proceed with the game. they proceed to the 19th floor where they meet the sergeant once again. he informs them a gas leak is present at the following level and that only the usage of knives is allowed. it seems like game is getting harder and harder. on the 17th floor, adam gets shot, and he now suffers the great pain as well. shelley runs to help him out, while carl protects her, but also gets shot. both shelly and marco now use their tubes to save carl and adam. later, saheed once again wants to leave this terrifying game, and, using carl's help, tries to break a window. the sergeant appears again and beats saheed. he kicks him down the stairs, and zaheed breaks his leg. he is warned next time he will die if he tries to do something stupid. unable to walk or to be carried, saheed is now left behind. on the 11th floor, there is a new weapon waiting for them. edward gets it, but marco steals the weapon out of his hands. now marco gets shot. taylor hides inside a bathroom armed only with a knife, but still manages to use it properly, and she kills one enemy. she is not some scared girl anymore. now she is a killer. after the level is cleared, the group takes a break and they talk about their lives. they find out they were picked for the game because they wouldn't be missed if something happens to them. they are all loners. that fact only motivates them even more to finish the game. meanwhile, an enemy appears on the upper floor and kills a heat. on the ninth floor, there is an enemy the group must torture to find out about the bomb he planted, and that could destroy the whole building. edward says he wants to do it. he tortures the captured enemy and extracts the safe word pushkin. adam inputs the word pushed in into the computer, but it turns out it only started something. the countdown process has now just started, and the bomb will go off in 30 minutes. the captive actually only fooled the group, and he starts to laugh at them, but taylor snaps and kills him. tensions between marco and adam are now rising. it seems like marco hates adam so much adam is actually afraid for his life. the team has only 24 minutes left before everything is turned into dust. adam and marco are now alone, and they hear someone coming. it seems like adam's fear was justified. marco uses him as a bait, and adam is shot right before he gets electrocuted on the upper floor, the others are ambushed by the enemy. taylor separates from the group in order to collect more medical tubes. she finds it, but then marco confronts her, saying he wants it. when she refuses to give it to him, he shots her. carl notices marco is up to something and goes to investigate. he is in shock. there is a body of deceased tailor and writing made using her blood. he is furious and attacks marco. as they fight, marco's helmet is damaged, and sergeant suddenly appears and kills marco. there were eight players at the beginning, and now there are only three left. they make their way to the basement floor, where a voice informs them that they have arrived at the top level. they reload their weapons before ambushing four enemies. they are successfully killing the enemies, but they need to watch out for the timer. the bomb must be disarmed before the timer runs out. there are now only three minutes left. carl and shelley run out of luck, and they get shot by a machine gun. two of them are now seriously injured. they suffer great pain and need the healing tubes. but there is only one left. carl sacrifices himself and gives the tube to shelly. meanwhile, edward uses a rocket launcher and kills the gunner who shot his teammates. he manages to reach the bomb in time and to turn it off. shelley and edward are now the only survivors. as the game is finally finished, the sergeant appears to congratulate them, but then something really weird happens. edward recites his victory speech, which sounded like it was pre-made. it seems like edward was an inside guy. the simulation now ends in security guards enter the room. they had edward refreshments, but they put shelley to sleep. she now wakes up in the basement, surrounded by her teammates, and edward shows up. he tells her she has won the game and that she earned a lot of money. she tells edward she will tell everyone what just happened in that building, but he claims nobody will believe her. then when one guard approaches her once again, she takes his tranquilizer and injects it into him. she takes his gun and kills the other guards. edward hears the gunshots, and then shelley suddenly appears instead of his guards. she tells him this sick game will never happen again and kills him. thank you for watching. if you want to see more, make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications. see you later. 