Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain a Horror film called "Devil\'s Gate." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. Somewhere in North Dakota, Pearce Bacca is driving along a desolate road when his car suddenly breaks down. He tries to call for help using his cellphone, but the device wouldn't turn on. Having no other options, Pearce approaches an old farm nearby and steps through the gate despite the "No Trespassing" sign. He knocks on the door and asks for help, but no one answers, so he looks around for any signs of the owner. Soon, he hears a man yelling at someone in the basement, so he looks through the window. He staggers back when he sees the man, causing him to step into a trap hidden beneath the ground. He manages to break free from the trap, but as he walks away, he gets caught in another device that kills him almost instantly. Days later, F.B.I. agent Daria Francis arrives in a town called Devil's Gate to investigate the disappearance of a woman and her son. Deputy Conrad' Colt' Salter fetches her from the airport and takes her to the police station to meet Sheriff Gruenwell. |At the farm, Jackson Pritchard discovers Pearce's dead body in the booby trap, so he wraps it in a white sheet and buries it. The sheriff soon arrives at the station and introduces himself to agent Francis. As soon as they enter the sheriff's office, Gruenwell gives Francis the files for the case of Maria Pritchard and her son, Jonah. Francis says she wants to talk to Maria's husband, Jackson, but Gruenwell says he and Colt already went to the farm three days ago and found nothing suspicious. Francis finds it odd that Jackson didn't report that his wife and son were missing. Gruenwell explains that Maria and Jonah were on their way to visit Maria's sister, Theresa. So Theresa was the first one to notice that her sister and nephew were missing. Gruenwell notes that Jackson has a temper, but he assures Francis that he's not the type to kill his wife and son. The F.B.I. agent argues that domestic partners tend to be the perpetrators in almost half the cases of murdered women. Gruenwell believes that it's more likely that Maria got tired of Jackson and ran off with her son, but Francis thinks that it's suspicious that Maria didn't inform her sister. Gruenwell gets irritated by Francis' lack of confidence in the local police department's ability to investigate the case properly. So he points out that Francis herself had failures of her own when she was assigned to find a girl named Breeland. Francis defends herself, saying she found the girl despite how the case turned out. The sheriff asks Colt to take Francis to Theresa's house so she can ask her questions directly. On the way, Colt asks Francis what happened to the Breeland case. Francis tells him that she was assigned to find 17-year-old Tanya Breeland about a year ago. After months of searching, Francis found her at a homeless shelter run by an Islamist group in St. Paul, but Breeland didn't want to go home. Psych Evaluation indicated that she is normal and there were no traces of drugs in her system. Despite Breeland's objections, Francis still took her home. A few days later, Breeland went to Francis' office and took her own life by stabbing herself in the neck with a shard of glass. Francis regrets that she was more focused on solving the case than making sure that Breeland is safe. When they reach Theresa's house, Francis asks Theresa if Maria and Jonah visit her regularly. She says that their visits are not regular, but they stop by when they felt like they needed to get away from the farm. Theresa notes that Maria is often stressed because the farm has not been earning money for a while, and the house has been falling apart. When Francis asks Theresa whether Jackson could be one of the reasons that Maria is stressed, Therese notes that Jackson has been in the county lock up more than once. Colt points out that he was there for public intoxication and simple assault. Theresa explains that Jackson has become very short-tempered in the last few years. One night, Jackson locked up Jonah in his room overnight for spilling some paint on the porch. Jackson wouldn't let the boy eat or even go to the bathroom. Maria was furious because she considers Jonah a miracle after experiencing multiple miscarriages. Jackson, a deeply religious man, believes that Jonah was a reward from God for their faithfulness. Theresa reveals Jonah liked to stay at her house because there's a playground nearby. She also made a little room for the boy in the closet because it made him feel safer to sleep there. When Francis takes a look at the room, she finds Jonah's sketchbook full of his scribblings. While she's looking through the drawings, Theresa's mother barges in, saying Jackson is a monster. She warns Francis that the souls of Jonah and Maria would never rest if they die on the farm. When they go back to the car, Francis tells Colt that they have to go to the farm and interrogate Jackson. Colt suggests looking for Maria's car instead, but Francis says Jackson might already be doing terrible things to his wife and son. Colt surmises that Jackson wouldn't hurt Jonah because the boy is still his son. Francis reminds him about what Theresa said about Jackson's temper and shows Colt Jonah's drawing of a woman and child in tears while a man stares at them menacingly. Colt agrees to visit Jackson and tells Francis that they have to contact the station to inform them that they're going to the farm. Francis, however, tells him that the sheriff will only prevent them from going there, so they go on their way without notifying the station. When they arrive at the farm, Francis notices Pearce's car and wonders why anyone would leave their vehicle on the side of the road without taking the keys and locking the doors. Inside the house, Jackson suddenly hears his dog, Earl, barking, suggesting that someone has arrived. Outside, Francis notices that all the windows are boarded up, and the picket fences are covered with barbed wire. Colt tells the agent that the place didn't look that creepy when they visited three days ago. After checking their C.B. radio, Colt and Francis split up to look for Jackson. Francis goes inside the barn and finds Maria's car inside. Jackson soon arrives and points a shotgun at Francis, saying she made a mistake coming to the farm. He takes Francis outside and tells her and Colt to leave his property immediately. Colt tries to calm him down and warns him that Gruenwell will be sending more cops to the premises if he shoots them. While Colt tries to pacify Jackson, Francis swiftly turns around and hits Jackson in the face as she grabs his gun. Colt cuffs Jackson while Francis asks him about the disappearance of his family. Jackson assures her that they are not on the farm. They suddenly hear a noise coming from the house, so Francis decides to go in and investigate. Jackson warns her not to go inside, saying he will not be responsible for what happens. When she reaches the porch, she notices a tripwire connected to a crossbow, so she steps over it. While looking around the house, she sees Jackson's cache of weapons on a table near the door to the basement. She hears Earl repeatedly barking downstairs, so she goes down to the basement to see what's bothering the dog. As Francis walks down the stairs, the dog just keeps barking and ignores her. A loud boom suddenly reverberates across the sky, causing the power at the farm to go out. Jackson, agitated by the noise, tells Colt to call Francis and ask her to get out of the house. After lighting a lamp, Francis soon comes across a cage and sees a lump of jelly-like substance inside the cell. When she uses a wooden staff to pierce it open, tentacles suddenly emerge, trying to grab the wood. On the next cell, she sees an otherworldly creature facing the wall. As she looks at it in shock, the creature turns towards her and growls. Francis gets out of the house and asks Jackson to explain what she found in the basement. She suspects that Jackson has been experimenting with the livestock, but he tells her that it's a demon. Jackson explains that another creature like the one in the basement had taken his wife and son. Now, he wants to use the creature in his house as leverage to get his family back. When Francis asks about the jelly-like material in the cage, Jackson says that the creature was wearing it like a suit to cover its body. Jackson refuses to say anything when Francis asked him how he managed to capture the creature. As Colt puts Jackson inside the car, they notice that their phones have stopped working. As the sky begins to darken, they soon find out that none of the vehicles at the farm are working. Soon, clouds start to form a circle in the sky as multiple lightning bolts hit the farm. When lightning strikes the vehicle, Francis tells Colt to run to the front door of the house. On his way to the door, Colt trips the wire on the porch and gets hit in the leg by an arrow. When they get inside, Francis says she'll take a walk to find help, but Jackson tells her that the nearest farm is 13 miles away. Jackson warns her that the creatures won't probably let them leave anyway. Colt says that the sheriff will come looking for them, but Francis notes that they didn't tell the station where they were going. Francis tells Colt that she thought she saw something where the lightning hit the ground. Jackson suddenly hears Earl barking and looks out the window. He tells Francis that Maria is out there on the exact spot where the lightning bolt struck. Francis takes Jackson outside to see if Maria is really out there. They soon see Maria lying down on the ground, so they run toward her and check her vitals. Jackson asks Francis to take off the cuffs so he can carry Maria back to the house. Inside, Maria wakes up and asks for Jonah, but Jackson tells her that the boy is not with them. Maria gets agitated, saying she failed to help her son. She tells Jackson that it was his fault that Jonah went missing. Francis asks Maria if she remembers anything when Jonah was taken. Maria tells them that Jackson gave the boy to the creatures. Maria explains that Jackson's father believes that the creatures are angels sent to watch over their house. Jackson decides to tell Francis what happened before Maria and Jonah went missing. Maria and Jonah were supposed to go to Theresa's house, but the boy suddenly fell ill. Jackson refused to take him to the doctor and prays for healing instead. Despite his wife's plea to take the boy to a hospital, he brings Jonah to the field and continues praying there. As they pray, lightning strikes Jonah and lifts him to the sky. Jackson soon finds out that his wife has also disappeared, so he ferociously attacks one of the creatures in the field and takes it inside their house. Jackson reveals that it wasn't the first time that he'd encountered the creatures. After his father took his own life, he saw a beam of light in the field and went inside it. He suddenly found himself elsewhere, surrounded by the creatures, but he doesn't remember if they did anything to him. When they hear the creature growling in the cage, Jackson guesses that it's calling out to the others. Soon, they hear thumping noise on the floor above them and realize that the creatures are inside. Jackson asks Francis to take the cuffs off so he can turn the generator on and activate the electrified fences around the house. While Jackson turns on the generator, Colt suddenly sees one of the aliens in the woods. But before he could take a closer look, Jackson grabs him and tells him to get back inside the house. Maria and Francis suddenly hear someone approaching the basement. While Francis waits for it to open the door, the creature inside the cage reaches out and grabs her shoulder. When she turns to look at it, another alien turns up behind her. She shoots the creature several times, but the light suddenly goes out, and the alien disappears. Jackson surmises that the creatures probably won't leave them alone, so he asks Francis to let him retrieve his shotgun and look for his dog. As Jackson calls out to Earl, Colt suddenly feels something dripping down on his head. When he looks up, he sees the dog lying lifeless on the roof. Jackson tells Maria and Francis to go upstairs and throw anything against the creatures when they approach. Jackson asks Colt to help him grab the creature with a dog control pole. When Colt asks him what he intends to do with the alien, Jackson tells him that he only wants retribution for taking his family. He tells Colt that he can either help him or step aside. After they hook the creature with the pole, it starts writhing and shrieking as Jackson grabs its hand and cuts its finger with a scissor. Jackson quickly runs outside and digs a hole in the spot where Maria was taken. After uncovering a disc with strange symbols, he puts the alien's finger at the center, showing them what he did to the creature he captured. Not long, a bolt of lightning hits the severed digit, causing it to disappear. Francis tells Jackson to set up the traps and get back into the house. She worries that the aliens will retaliate because of what Jackson did to the one in the basement. Inside the house, Francis deduces that the disc must be some kind of a gateway. She points out that the drawings made by Jonah resemble the patterns on the disc. Francis believes the aliens are interested in the boy because he knows what they are. Francis also notices the symbols in one of the pictures on the wall. When Jackson takes a close look at the image, they see a disc on the back of a pick-up truck. Colt surmises that Jackson's father was working with the aliens. Francis notes that the land doesn't look like a good place for farming, so she asks Jackson why they held on to it despite the lack of profits. Jackson tells them that his father warned him not to be like Esau, who sold his birthright because he got hungry. His father believed that they would someday reap bountiful harvests from the land because Jackson's great-great-grandfather was led to the farm by God. Francis contends that the key to finding Jonah is the creature in the cage. They go down to the basement and see that the jelly-like substance has turned to ashes. Jackson opens the next cell and grabs the creature to trade it for his son. But when the alien touches him, he starts seeing images of himself being cloned. He learns from the vision that one of them had died. After Colt pulls him away from the creature, Jackson realizes that he was the clone and was left there by the aliens. Maria confirms to them that Jackson is no longer the same person she married. She soon realizes that Jackson also caused the numerous miscarriages she had in the past. When they take a look at the fetuses, they resemble the alien in the cage. Maria discloses that Jackson refused to give them a proper burial, saying they were abominations. Francis surmises that the aliens are trying to replace humans. Jackson explains that the creatures wanted to change and adapt to life on earth until they are able to breed. He reveals that their world is dying, and they're running out of time to find a way to reproduce. Jackson says that Jonah is important to the creatures because he's the first natural-born. Colt gets infuriated at Jackson after hearing about the aliens' plans, so Francis tells him to go upstairs and secure the area to make sure the creatures can't get in. Colt argues that their situation is no different from the white Europeans in Little Bighorn, where they were surrounded by Native Americans who eventually scalped them. Francis convinces him to hold the line, noting that no one else will do it. When Colt gets upstairs, he witnesses one of the aliens drop down from the sky. The generator suddenly breaks down, leaving them without any power. Francis suggests negotiating with the aliens and gives them what they want. She tries to convince Jackson to help them by telling him that there still must be some part of Jackson left in him. When she mentions that Jonah still needs him, Jackson reminds her that the boy is one of the aliens. Francis argues that they will never find out unless they retrieve his son. Upstairs, Colt jams the door with a chair to prevent the alien from getting inside, but the creature eventually breaks it and enters the house. The creature sees Jackson's weapons and destroys them. Colt emerges from his hiding place and shoots the alien with a revolver, but it has no effect, so he decides to charge at it. The creature lifts Colt telekinetically and pins him to the wall. As Colt struggles to break free, the creature tears him apart. Jackson asks Francis for a tarp to wrap the creature, but when she turns her back, Jackson knocks her out. Jackson then wraps the alien in the tarp and takes it upstairs. He walks past another creature on his way out of the house, but it doesn't stop him. The alien approaches Maria in the basement and touches her womb. When the creature disappears, Maria checks on the fetuses and finds that they're all gone. When Francis wakes up, Maria tells her that she's scared of what Jackson will do. Francis promises her that she'll get Jonah back. Outside the house, the aliens soon release Jonah after Jackson brings the creature to the teleportation site. Jackson points a weapon at Jonah's head, telling him that the bloodline ends with him. Francis stops him, arguing they can't be sure that the boy is one of the creatures. The terrified boy begs Jackson not to hurt him. Jackson seems intent on killing his own son, so Francis shoots Jackson before he could pull the trigger. Fearing that Francis will take away Jonah, Maria points a shotgun at the agent and tells her to drop her firearm. Francis assures Maria that she has no intention of taking Jonah from her, but Maria refuses to believe her. The alien soon leaves the farm and destroys the disc on the ground with a huge blast of energy. Francis gets blown away by the powerful explosion. In the morning, Gruenwell tells Francis that Maria has confirmed most of the things in her report. Gruenwell says that a man-made bomb can explain the crater left by the explosion. Maria had credited Francis for launching the assault that set them free from Jackson. However, Francis insists that she didn't launch an assault and Jackson didn't hold them hostage. Gruenwell tells Francis that she may lose her position at the F.B.I if she mentions the aliens to others. He reminds her that there is no evidence to prove that aliens were involved in the incident the previous night. Francis tells him to check the basement for D.N.A., but the sheriff argues that there is not enough manpower to conduct further investigations on the case. He tells Francis that her initial suspicions about Jackson were correct. Gruenwell advises her to forget about the aliens because she might end up in the asylum. A few days after the incident, Mary wakes up and finds that Jonah is nowhere to be found in the house. She goes to the barn and finds him opening the floorboards with a crowbar. When she asks him what he's doing, the boy tells her that it's time for the harvest. When she looks at what's underneath the floor, she sees numerous teleportation discs lined up. 