[Music], dragonglass kills white walkers. it's more valuable to us now, the gold. we need to find it. we need to mine it. we need to make weapons from it. we need allies, stronger, better allies. we can't win this war alone. I invited Euron Greyjoy, the new clean of the Iron Islands. it's the greatest mother Westeros has ever seen. with the iron fleet, you owned the seas. the surest way to a woman's heart is with a gift, a priceless gift. I won't return to King's Landing until I have that for you. what do you say? eyes, a wall of ice, the wall. they're the marching past. what is it? he's a map of Dragonstone. thatis dragonglass, a mountain oven. shall we begin? I believe you have a role to play, as does another, the king in the north. Jon Snow summoned Jon Snow, let him stand before you and tell you the things that have happened to him, the things that you're seeing with his own eyes. if he does rule the north, he would make a valuable ally. tell Jon Snow that his queen invites him to come to Dragonstone and bend the knee this is quite advanced and beyond our skills. lady Greyjoy will escort you home to Sunspear, and her iron fleet will ferry the Dornish army back up to King's Landing. grey worm in the unsullied will serve for the rock. unticked. you're not dying today. so Jarrah, Dragonstone sits on a mountain of dragonglass. I received this a few days ago from Dragonstone. Tyrion has invited me to Dragonstone to meet with Daenerys. and I'm going to accept your on I will return their Spyder one last time. m'lady. I have to die in this strange country, just like you. so I assume, my lord, you're here to bend the knee. I am NOT your grace. everyone you know will die before winters over. if we don't defeat the enemy to the north. if they get past the wall and we're squabbling amongst ourselves, we're finished. you'll be rolling over a graveyard. if we don't defeat the night king. please accept this gift on behalf of all of your loyal subjects in DI deines, I will allow you to mine the dragon glass and forge weapons from it. any resources or men you need, I will provide for you. I can never be Lord of anything. and the three-eyed raven. when the long night comes again, I need to be ready. the infection no longer appears to be active. that man is alive because of you. the gates of Casterly Rock are impregnable in Kazan. s Casa de Betty. [Music], I'd hate to die like your son. not at all what I intended. tell Sasi. I wanted to know him with me. I need to expand my armies, my navies, my hand Qyburn has made overtures to the golden company in Essos. I imagine that would require outside investment. rest assured your grace, you can count on the iron bank support. I wanted you to see it before we start packing it. two-bit this dick all we'll ever need. they were here together, the children in the first land. they fought together against their common enemy. it's always been real. I will fight for the news when he bend the knee. mr. chef Gilles wolodja, if they make it past the wall, and the wall has kept them out for thousands of years, presumably I need to go home. Leslie thinks the army of the Dead is nothing but a story. bring one of these things down to King's Landing and show her the truth. anything you bring back will be useless. unless Cersei grants as an audience, the only person she listens to is Jaime. he might listen to me. Daenerys wants to meet. why would you want to choose now? because an army of dead men is marching on the Seven Kingdoms. here we all are at the same moment, heading in the same direction for the same reason. [Music], where are the others? Raven really? just under Raven. [Music], go French. huh? bend the knee. those who swore allegiance to you, they all come to see you for what you are. if my brother Jaime is informed me correctly, you asking me for a truce. yes, that's all the groun exceptional truce. until the dead are defeated, I don't care about checking my worst impulses. I don't care about making the world a better place. and the world, now you're pregnant, it's important for the northerners to see us as allies. we sailed together. you stand accused of murder. you stand accused of treason. how do you answer these charges? Lord Baelish? the conflict between the Starks and the Lannisters, it was you who started it. do you deny it at the start? boy and his new queen? too feminine. orth. we stay here where we've always been. I made the promise. [Music], John isn't really my father son. he's the son of Rhaegar Targaryen. and my aunt Lyanna stabbed he went regularly on ER in a secret ceremony. Robert's rebellion was built on a lie. [Music], you 