never, but you never cook again. back, please. always push it over to the brain free. never expect your respect. I really fifties. you'll be fine. [Music], the Dark Knight Returns was a tour de force a PS did easy stunts and other French terms that make something sound really good. upon its release in 1986, it changed the landscape of comment in an instant, make in the 1966 version of Batman completely redundant, and presenting a darker version of the Caped Crusader that would mould the next 30 years in comics to come. it was a huge success, both critically and commercially. and as with all successful things, the manner that taught me once more, give more. I want more. this little curve, it's crap. so in 2001, Frank Miller was commissioned to write The Dark Knight strikes again. it's a sequel that takes place after the initial continuity of the original book. often works like this suffer from a sophomore curse. when a property's so highly regarded, it makes it difficult for its sequels and follow-ups to be as good as the original. do you a sentimentality? nostalgia? you know, general people just thinking stuffs really good and they don't want to see it ruined. we've seen it with Terminator, Star Wars, lore of the Rings. the list just goes on, and several hot properties are forced to have a bling every sequels down the line. The Dark Knight strikes again was no different. criticized by many, the reputation of this boot precedes they're often used as a punchline and laughed up by many. it still is regarded by some like Grant Morrison, as groundbreaking. I'm here to find out if it's as bad as everyone says, or if it's really good. so with that out the way, let's dive into the Dark Knight strikes again. upon opening the book, you were immediately hit with how bad the art is in comparison to its predecessor. well, there was never a fan of the Dark Knight Returns art style. this makes it look like a DaVinci painting. most of the pages here looked like they were drawn by Stevie Wonder. most of the panels are missing backgrounds. the women looked like Nicki Minaj. and it has just a splash of the lazy a bird Frank Miller that so many would come to hate. you could use these pages as toilet paper, and it would still be more productive than what Miller put out. the first time I read this book, I remember getting to the admin section and just flinging it out of my hand. I was a moody teenager. I hadn't lost my virginity, so I had a lot of pent-up anger until that happened when I was 28. a teen I was 18 when that happened, and she was a model and she paid me. anyway, the point is this book was really garish, garish, and it was a chore to read. I'm, how do you say that? with age, it's become slightly more bearable, but you have to really force yourself through the pages. and I can imagine this massively putting off new readers. opening on three different new segments, all happening at once. the booth feels like a complete mess. Frank Miller needs to listen to focus by Ariana Grande, because it's lacking focus. yeah, a lot of these jokes, they don't work well. I can get from the gobble is that America is in a state of martial law. yet then you spin it so that it's a positive thing. crime is down, but so is free speech, the heroes of the world are gone. this really reminded me of the weapons of mass destruction scandal that happened after 9/11. the population believed it was right to go to war with Iraq because the media reported every single prejudice as a [ __ ]. and we all know how that turned out. so this is a really relevant satire that, unfortunately, due to its presentations, loses impact. in between each news report is a post of news in the new and once there's maybe a hint that people only watch the news for entertainment. now, it could have been presented in a better way. the focus of this opening issue revolves around getting the heroes back. the atom has been trapped in a petri dish. green lanten is flown off earth, and the flash is forever running on a hamster wheel to give electricity to the world, leading the sons of Batman, Carrie Kelly, now cap girl chod is an onslaught to get the captured Crusaders back. and had the art being slightly better, these moments could have been much more exciting. there is three pages of the book that I just Microsoft Word backgrounds. and in its entirety, it feels sloppy. we see a Batman soldier get crucified for using one of his guns to kill an enemy. but it makes you wonder, like, why were they giving guns in the first place, if they're not allowed to use them? the book is contradictory to its own ideas, and it's a shame that it doesn't allow the characters to carry over the intelligence that they possessed last time. one of the main criticisms I've seen against this book is that the public don't seem to care that the president is a hologram controlled by Lex Luthor. in the past, I would have agreed with the critique. however, after seeing how politics have evolved within media, I kind of side with Frank Miller on this. living in the UK, I've seen Teresa May promised tough negotiations of brexit, say she will step down if not elected by a majority, lambaste the DUP, and then still side with them in order to stay in power. and honestly, you seem to care. the older generations seem to be used to politicians lying, and are now so apathetic to it they ignore any story that should be met with anger towards the government. Donald Trump slams Mexicans, transsexuals and gay rights. yes, speechless when discussing neo-nazis. and his supporters don't seem to care. in fact, they rally even harder for him. originally one of the lowest points. the presidential hologram is a satirical look at how useless the people of the Western world have become. in the past, there would have been revolution. yet now we are happy to sit on our phones reading stupid Batman reviews, when the world could be changed. please don't unsubscribe. aboard the Justice League Watchtower. Superman finally realizes that enough is enough. he is sacrificed too much. joined by Wonder Woman in Shazam, he questions the higher-ups. unfortunately for the group, Lex Luthor and Brainiac are aware of the meeting holding. the bottle city of Kandor is a ransoming chickety of threatened the Superfriends. they want to know who is free the heroes. and no, Superman is the only one who can obtain the answers. knowing that Batman's behind it, swoops down to the cave, thinking he's a legend, thinking it's gonna be an easy fight, doing a Conor McGregor, in a repeat of last time, he gets the absolute crap kicked out of them. it's absolutely glorious, hitting him from every angle. the Blue Boy Scout gets completely pummeled. it's an earth-shattering moment, watching the flash, bizarro, the robot, dinosaure green arrow, everyone just taken the Man of Steel apart, bit by bit. and when Batman arrives with his kryptonite glove, hammering him with deadly shot after deadly shot, it's a triumphant moment and one of the standout pieces of every Batman comic ever combined. I've seen many criticized the drawn-out nature of Batman's return, but the fact that this entire comic builds up to his entrance makes it that much more impactful when he does show up. Frank Miller plays the wild card, and it pays off, in my opinion. but left with Superman completely broken, and Batman is just saying, I'm done playing. the war is on. due to the art style, the opening issue really suffers, and it struggles to be as groundbreaking as it could have been. plot points lack their impact due to the child like, cartoonish nature of the work. which is a shame, because it's actually a lot here that deserves your attention. introducing Batman perfectly, this story feels more like a prologue to the events that are to follow. it establishes elements of the world, and once it feels slightly unfocused, you two looking more like a Carrie Kelly story than a Bruce Wayne one. your enjoyment of this issue really just depends on your preferences, if you like, of a story, or if you want to read a Batman story with Batman in it. but to me, the payoff at the end of it is actually quite worth it. though it is an arduous journey, it just have comedic moments within. but I can't see it's still putting many people off. this may be the reason for its dire reputation, because it just fails to live up to its predecessor. however, I think there's a lot to enjoy in this opening issue. and it's so bad it's good. it's it's that kind of thing. and that's why, overall, I'm giving it a 7 point 5 out of 10. so what did you think in the booth? comment below, and let me know. I'm gonna be doing the entire Dark Knight strikes again series into my build up of the Dark Knight 3, the master race review. so make sure you subscribe my channel and check out all that. also check out my website at definition code at UK. because I'm reading and reviewing all of the Batman Canon graphic novels in chronological order. and it's been a really good thing that's reading through them all. so I hope to see you there. take care. peace. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music] 