[Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1986 action film Top Gun. so let's get started. the movie opens with Navy pilot Pete maverick Mitchell and Nick goose Bradshaw, who are sent to attend Top Gun, the advance Navy flight school. after maverick intercepted some enemy aircrafts at a bar the day before Top Gun starts. maverick tries to and fails to pick up Charlotte, Charlie Blackwood, and finds that she is actually a Top Gun instructor. during training, maverick defeats the instructor, jester, but his reckless flying gets him reprimanded by the chief instructor, Viper. maverick also develops a rivalry with another student, nicknamed ice man, who thinks maverick is too dangerous. eventually, Charlie and maverick develop a romantic relationship through training. maverick begins to see the value of teamwork. during a competition, maverick and goose, his plane goes into a spin. they jack and goose is killed. the board clears maverick of any responsibility and gooses death. but he is wracked with guilt. his instructor, viper, reveals that he served with Mavericks father and was in the battle where he was killed. Viper details his father's heroic death, and this helps maverick regain confidence, and he graduates. maverick Iceman and two other pilots, Hollywood and cougar, are sent to aid a ship that drifted into hostile waters. they engage with six hostile aircrafts, and Hollywood is shot down. maverick is able to shoot down three of the aircraft, and Iceman shoots down one and the other two enemy aircrafts filleted. maverick is offered any assignment he chooses, and he decides to go back to Top Gun as an instructor. he meets up at a bar with Charlie as the film ends. so that was the spoilers for Top Gun. if you have another film you'd like to see a spoil please of the snow in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music], 