the game plan. the game plan is a 2007 American family comedy film directed by Andy fickman, starring Dwayne the rock Johnson. it follows a professional quarterback who finds out he has an eight-year-old daughter from a previous relationship. welcome to the Amagi. in today's video, we're going to recap the Disney film the game plan, before we begin. we publish new content every week, so be sure to subscribe to our Channel and ring the bell to get notified about our latest videos. in the last game of the American Football Federation regular season between the Boston rebels and the New York Dukes, rebels, quarterback Joe Kingman scores a touchdown after ignoring an open wide receiver Travis Sanders. the next morning, an 8 year old girl named Payton Kelly arrives on Joe's doorstep, saying that she is his biological daughter and that is divorced wife sent her there to meet him. his agent, Stella Peck, thinks this will be bad for his image and distracts him with the upcoming playoffs. at the opening of his own restaurant, Joe inadvertently leaves without Payton, and is on the cover of a tabloid the next day. Stella decides Joe needs a new fatherly image. at a later press conference, the reporters make Joe miserable, until Payton comes to his defense, saying that he is new to this and trying the best he can, and that she thinks he's the best father in the world. Payton then says that Joe has to repay her, so she has him take her to a ballet academy run by Monique Vasquez. Monique has Joe joined their ballet performance to show him that ballet takes just as much off Lydick ability as football. Joe and Payton begin their relationship after Payton brings his arrogant and selfish behavior to his attention. Joe takes Payton and her new friends to the mall where he begins to develop romantic feelings for Monique. the rebels marched through the playoffs via three road games, Denver in the wild-card round, Indianapolis in the divisional round and finally Baltimore in the conference round. they eventually make it to the championship game, held in Arizona. in a rematch with the New York Dukes, Stella offers Joe a twenty five million dollar endorsement deal with Fanny's burgers, a successful fast-food restaurant run by Samuel Blake jr. if he wins the game and mentions the product to the press. while at lunch with Joe and Monique, Payton accidentally reveals that her mother does not know that she is with him. she was supposed to go to a ballet school program for the month, but instead she ran away to be with Joe. Payton then has an allergic reaction to the nuts in the dessert she was eating, and Joe rushes her to the hospital. however, the doctors tell him that the reaction is mild and his daughter is going to be fine. Joe's former sister-in-law and Payton legal guardian, Karen Kelly, arrived to take her home. Joe discovers at Sarah, his ex-wife and Peyton's mother, was killed in a traffic collision six months earlier, and that Payton sneaked away on her own after Payton overhears Stella explaining that she would be a distraction to Joe. Karen and Payton returned home later. while going through Peyton's bag under her bed. Joe finds some photos and reads a letter from Sarah saying that she had Payton away from Joe, not wanting Payton to be a distraction to him. as the championship game begins, Joe's mind is not fully set on the game, and he is soon injured. Joe is surprised to discover that Payton has arrived with Karen. understanding Joe's earlier words about how he wants to remain in Peyton's life, Karen decides to let Payton live with Joe. near the end of the fourth quarter, Joe passes the ball to the running back Jamal Webber, who gains positive yardage, but fails to get out of bounds. Joe hurries his team to the line with the clock running and rushes ahead before being knocked out of bounds. with time for one last play, Joe throws a lob pass to Sanders, who catches the pass, allowing the rebels to win their first championship. in a postgame interview, Joe declines the Fanny burgers offer to be with Payton. did you enjoy our video? be sure to check out these other great videos from the Amagi. and make sure to subscribe and ring the bell to be notified about our latest videos. 