welcome to the man of recaps. this is the Walking Dead, Season ten, episode 5. it's an alright episode. the highlight, of course, uncle negan on the loose. he's all set for a soul-searching solo journey, but immediately subdued comes up to join him. his name is Brandon, and apparently his parents were saviors that were killed in the war, so kind of, in his mind, like negan was the good guy. in fact, he managed to bring with him negan's leather jacket and his back loose Eagle. yeah, I always wondered if they kept it around Alexandria somewhere. but negan's not really feeling it. he's mostly a changed man now. and this kid, Brandon, is, at the best, a douche bag and not the worst, to straight-up psychopath. so we'll see where that goes. but first, let's check in on everyone's new favorite romance, Daryl and Connie. Connie sister Kelly, was out hunting, but remember in Episode one, she explained how she's starting to lose her hearing - yeah, it's getting bad. and the zombie apocalypse is a dangerous place to not hear walkers creeping up behind you. so Daryl and Connie go out looking for Daryl's more talkative with his new deaf girlfriend than anyone else in the show. also with him, by the way, the best character, Dawg. hey, boy. long story short, Kelly's okay, but she needs some help right now before the long walk back to hilltop. luckily, Magnus got a bunch of supplies nearby. yeah, someone's been stealing him from hilltop, and it was her, basically. she just doesn't really trust anyone, so she figured she'd better have some supplies out here, just in case. her and Yumiko are still in a fight. I don't really know why, or I guess care. so moving right along. also at hilltop is king Ezekiel, and he's got some bad news. oh, he's got the cancer. and in the zombie apocalypse, I don't think medical treatment is that advanced. Aaron is out patrolling the border. he finds the whisperer, the newly named gamma, like blocking up the river with zombies. back at the whisperers camp, we find out it was the whisperers who cut down the tree. and I've been sending small waves of zombies. Adam alphas plan is to wear him down so much, and then they'll just crack on their own. as Gann was cutting up the neck Sambi, she gets like really into it, having, you know, flashbacks of her sister dying and stuff. and she cuts her hand pretty bad. but luckily, who's nearby with some band-aids? it's Aaron. he's being super nice to her. this is how we met Aaron, when he first approached the gang back in the day. yeah, my runs back home until about it. alpha is basically like, hey, maybe it's time for you to put on a new mask. I think what you're saying is, I befriended this guy, Aaron, and see it might be useful. of course, Aaron's trying to befriend gamma to be a useful mole against alpha. so we'll see you where this one goes. and finally, it's time for mom and Egon. they come across someone in danger, so negan's going to save him. he breaks his knife though, so he's gotta kill these zombies with his bare hands. it's just a nice random woman and her son, Brandon's all like, so what's the plan? we kill him and steal their stuff. and negan's like, yo, man. get that hell out of my face. just as long as I don't have to see that pasty, creepy ass face ears ever again. even when negan was at the peak of his badness, he always did have a soft spot for kids. and so he befriends this kid too. it's like too long of a conversation. they talk about how to nut slap your friends and stuff. they have such a long conversation because you know this kid's gonna die. yeah, Brandon came back and killed him. he's like, hey, [ __ ] night. that was a test, right? I was supposed to kill him. I did. good. negan is not happy, and he bashes this dude's face in. something about this gives me get a new plan. instead of wandering off to the distance, he goes back to the whisperers territory with his leather jacket and baseball bat. he beats up some zombies til the whisperers show up. so, yeah, what sneaking up to? gonna kill him. gonna join them. so there you have it, season 10, episode 5. we are crawling our way up to what's probably going to be an epic mid-season finale. [Music], 