welcome to the man of recaps. this is the Bachelorette week eight. and and the boys are in the Netherlands this week, another European country. Americans are not sure where it is. is it Holland? is it Belgium? no, it's its own country. Hannah's first one-on-one day is with the front-runner, singer, Jed. their relationship is just super easy and natural. they really like each other. and a dinner, Hanna admits she's fallen in love with him. yeah, we're getting to the end game now. next week is hometowns. and if Hanna's gonna meet your family, she better really see a future with you. the next date is with Tyler. see, they go horseback riding, which neither of them really seem to figure out. Hannah's relationship with Tyler is pretty good. he's a real good guy and very attractive. but if he wants that date rose, she's gonna have to make an even deeper connection with him. he tells a little story about how his parents got divorced, and that makes him scared of relationships. and I guess that's enough. [ __ ]. he gets the Rose. the final one-on-one date this week is going to be Mike. and that's too bad for Connor s he's a guy who I completely forgot was still here. he hasn't done much at all. he had the one-on-one date when Hanna was sick, and so they'd, you know, he just brought her soup and stuff. he looks around and realizes he's the only guy left who hasn't had a lot of screen time. so he sneaks over to Hanna's apartment for some off-the-record one-on-one time. but it's too little, too late. she's like, who are you yet? and so the last of the random background guys finally goes home. so next day is the one-on-one with Mike. they're getting painted, so they put on togas. he and Hannah have a great rapport. they always have a lot of fun, and he's a real sweet dude. but that night, Hanna does some soul-searching, and she knows he's just not the guy for her. sad to see him go. he's probably my favorite guy, except for John Paul Jones, r.i.p. now, are you ready for some luke p drama? yeah, you are. there are so many amazing sound bites this episode, he's gone. so guess what? one less of us. simple math. the last three guys have a group date, which Luke P immediately starts off ripping on the other dudes. yummy. I hate talking about the other guys, but you know, I don't have to say any names. Tyler and Jed, Garrett, Luke and golfer. Garrett really get into it again this episode. you don't even know me. oh, I know you. and I'll double point on that one. double pistols. and it ends with the best food fight since the chicken nugget incident. this is a pall of baloney. look at that. these are the moments I watch this show for. pilot. Peter is happy to ignore the drama and halftime with Hannah. their relationships good. they've had some of the sexiest make outs, and personality-wise, yeah, they're fine together. so he gets locked in with a rose. so there's one spot left for either Garrett or Luke. Garrett and Hanna had the naked bungee jumping last week, and they're both from Alabama, so they're pretty good. he drops the I love you bomb, not even coating it. with the oh, I'm falling in love with you. just straight-up love you. but Luke P pulls out his trump card. he finally tells the story we saw in his intro video, where he took a shower and God spoke to him. and it pretends to think that's interesting, but she's really just attracted to him. thank you, yes. and that's enough to keep him around. sorry, Garrett. good effort. even though we've seen how awful Luke is behind the scenes, Hannah still just really likes him. so the final four going into hometowns. Tyler, see Jed the singer, Peter the pilot and the villain, Luke P. find me on Instagram and Twitter. I'm still doing those 1 minute episodes. they're my new favorite thing. and until next week, man of recaps out. [Music]. 