hi everybody. today i want to recap a horror movie called jennifer's body. hope you enjoy. anita needy lesnicki, once an insecure and studious teenager living near devil's kettle, minnesota, is now a violent mental inmate who narrates the story as a flashback while in solitary confinement. since childhood, she had been friends with jennifer check a popular cheerleader, despite having little in common. we're totally lesbian. what? she's my best friend. one night, jennifer takes needy to a local dive bar to attend a concert by indie rock band low shoulder, a spontaneous fire engulfs the bar, killing several people. [Music], uh. [Music]. in supposed shock, jennifer agrees to leave with the band, despite needy's protests. later that evening, jennifer, covered in blood, appears in needy's kitchen in attempts to eat raw chicken from the refrigerator. she immediately vomits a trail of black, spiny fluid and leaves. the next morning, at school, jennifer appears fine and dismisses needy's concerns, appearing apathetic to the entire event, people die. jennifer, it's like all over the news. anybody that we know, we know. everyone sucks to be them, i guess. while the town is devastated by the deaths caused by the fire, jennifer seduces the school's football captain in the woods and disembowels him. why are you so warm? sheddies. they're waiting. nope. meanwhile, low shoulder gains popularity due to their falsely rumored heroism during the fire, and offered to make a charity appearance at the school's spring formal. a month later, jennifer appears sick and listless, she accepts a date with school alternative emo, colin, whom she brutally kills. wait, colin, why don't you just come by my place tonight? okay, great. yeah. okay. i'll text you my android. you made it. this isn't really your house, is it? no, baby, you can play mommy and daddy. so emo, [Music], while needy and her boyfriend chip have sex, needy senses something dreadful has happened. [Music]. she leaves in a panic and almost runs over jennifer, who is drenched in blood. at home, she again encounters jennifer, who explains that low shoulder had taken her into the woods after the bar fire and offered her as a virgin sacrifice to satan in exchange for fame and fortune. what do you want from me? i just want to explain some things to you. okay, so you remember the night of the fire, i got really messed up, and those guys from low shoulder totally evil. are you even sure she's a [ __ ] virgin? man, yes, yes, i'm a virgin, peter. i told you, man, you owe me a beer. i don't know if we should go through with this. do you want to work in moosehoof coffee forever? i don't. okay. do you want to be a big loser? or do you want to be rich and awesome like that guy from maroon 5. we deliver this virgin unto thee. although the sacrifice and demonic exchange were a success, jennifer was not actually a virgin, so she became permanently possessed. leaving the woods, jennifer had encountered an exchange student leaving the scene of the fire and made him her first victim. jennifer states that when she has eaten, she can withstand virtually any injury without pain, healing instantly. the following day, needy goes to the school library's occult section and determines that jennifer is a succubus who must feed on flesh and can only be killed while she is hungry and weak. needy tells chip about her discoveries about jennifer and warns him not to attend the school dance. he does not believe her, so she breaks up with him in order to protect him. chip decides to attend the dance anyway, but is intercepted by jennifer, who takes him to an abandoned pool house and begins feeding on him. needy arrives there and fights jennifer. [Applause]. [Music], yes and shoot. patron. scene involved, please give me the power to crush this [ __ ]. [Applause], she can fly. she's just hovering. it's not bad. ship impales jennifer through the stomach with a pool skimmer, but jennifer removes it and escapes, while chip dies. needy goes to jennifer's home and breaks into her bedroom. she fights jennifer and stabs her in the heart with a utility knife, killing her and destroying the demon. jennifer's mother enters and finds needy on top of her daughter's body. soon after, needy is brought to an asylum. in her asylum room, she manifests some of jennifer's supernatural powers, such as super strength and the ability to levitate. due to a non-fatal bite from jennifer during the fight between them, she escapes the mental facility, hitchhikes a ride to the hotel where low shoulder are staying and murders them. [Music]. thanks for watching. consider to subscribe and see you again in the next video. you 