hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2008 monster film, Cloverfield. so let's get started. the entire film is shown from the perspective of a personal camcorder that was recovered from the former Central Park. the tape originally contained footage from the last day that Rob and Beth spent together, but was overwritten with a goodbye party for Rob on the night of May 22nd, 2009, where the majority of the events of the film take place. throughout the film, it alternates between these two storylines. at first we see Rob and Beth waking up in bed together, making plans to go to Coney Island. the footage cuts to May 22nd, were Jason, Rob's brother, and his girlfriend Lily, are planning Rob's surprise farewell party. their friend hood is behind the camera for the majority of the film. Beth leaves the party after an argument with Rob. and shortly after, a supposed earthquake strikes. there's a brief power outage, and the news reports an oil tanker has capsized. when the partygoers leave the party, the severed head of the Statue of Liberty is launched right in front of them. HUD records a brief glimpse of an enormous monster destroying buildings and causing havoc. panic ensues, and during the evacuation, the Brooklyn Bridge is destroyed, which kills Jason and several others. the news reports that the National Guard is attacking the monster. however, small parasite like creatures are falling off and attacking people throughout the city. Rob receives a phone message from Beth saying that she is trapped in her apartment and is unable to move. Rob HUD Lily and another party goer named Marlena go back to the city to rescue Beth as soldiers fight the monster. the group travel into the subway tunnels and are attacked by parasitic creatures, and Marlena is bitten. as they exit the subway, they enter a National Guard command center and field hospital. Marlena begins to react to her bite with her eyes beginning to bleed, and is dragged into a tent where she appears to explode. the group continues to try to get to Beth, and are told by the military that they plan to destroy Manhattan order to kill the monster. the group rescues Beth, who has been impaled on rebar and making their way to the evacuation site. as the monster continues to attack the city. Lily is put on a helicopter and escapes. Rob Beth and HUD are put on a second helicopter and witnessed the monster being bombed. this causes the monster to fall, but it lunges at the helicopter, causing it to crash in Central Park. the footage picks up an hour later, stating in 15 minutes, the hammer down protocol will begin. the group regains consciousness, but HUD is killed by the monster. Rob and Beth take the camera and take shelter under the gray shot arch. Rob and Beth leave their last testimony, declaring their love for one another, and the bombs go off, causing the bridge to collapse. the footage cuts back to Rob and Beth State at Coney Island on April 27th. in the background, an object can be seen falling from the sky into the ocean. Beth looks into the camera and says, I had a good day. as the tape freezes and cuts out. after the credits, radio chatter can be heard, which seems to be saying something like help us. but when played in Reverse, it says it's still alive. so that was the spoilers for Cloverfield. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts in the various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 