[Music]. welcome to the breakdown, when we break down all the messed oh [ __ ]. now today we are diving back into the sea that is called Michael Haneke II, who also directed the [ __ ] up feeling plenty games now. this stars the same guy who played Paul in that movie. and he is playing a young, thirteen-year-old kid named Benny who loves to watch movies in his dark bedroom, but also behind the scenes. he's a true psychopath and the best definition of the word. now, before we start, come on guys, click on the bail be a part in a notification game if you want to see what happens, including all the mention of parts. stay tuned for the breakdown. I don't know who's leading a pig - it's sad demise. they tie him up so he can't move, and then they bring out the shrapp, a captive bolt pistol, which is used to bring a sad death to Wilbur. but don't feel too bad guys. you at least be an animal heading with Charlotte. the video is rewinded and played in slow motion. but then we cut to a party. this party is playing some type of, I don't know, game for money. but I can already see someone in the comments telling me what exactly the game isn't an [ __ ] attitude. so let's cut away. suddenly we see a man come in asking, what the [ __ ] y'all doing in my place? looks like the daughter of this man organized the party, but it is daddy. ain't to matter his little princess. then we see a boy watching the videotape of the party and also the news. the boy is Benny, that the titular character, who is being talked to by his mama, worried about him being locked away in his room, something the father also reiterates. later at night, we see Benny scramble in bed, probably thinking about something to jerk off to. every boy does it, ladies. well, the next day we see old Benny and his friend here talking, while Zack &amp; Cody fight in the background. then Benny seems to get some money. he is old by this guy, telling him he will be the first co-pilot the same game that the sister was playing. benni uses his money to get some McDonald's, but still looks up in the menu, even though he knows what he wants. I thought I was the only one to do this. I already know what I want. look at the damn menu. anyway, then after some unhealthy eating, Benny visits a video store, eventually scoping a possible girl to talk to. he's not talk to her though. instead we cut to him going to sleep again. and I'm hot as pajamas. I never liked sleeping at pajamas like that. the next morning, his people are gone for a day or two. so that must mean it's time to bring a female over. well, first he's got to go to school to practice in the singing choir. but we've seen the background that biddies at the tippity-top of an operation that brings money to him. I guess this is that same game. either that or Benny is running a drug off. oh, well, actually, I guess, I guess he. I guess we do have a little kingpin here. well, after getting the rags, Benny has some more racks in his mind that probably aren't developed yet. okay, forget that. so what I mean is he goes back to the video place, but strikes up a wonderful, successful conversation with the girl outside, who loves the window wash. it was so successful that he actually gets her to come to his place, probably with the promise of watching movies. he brings it to his room, and she adds what's on TV. and he says, it's a live view of outside. ain't nobody gonna split and show their way into Benny's place. well, after he shows it what it's like to be an actress, she gets a little responsive and wants to go back home to her parents and her brothers and sisters. but to keep her there, he faces her a meal. then they watch that video we saw in the beginning, which turns out was recorded by Benny. curious about the pig, she as if he ever seen a dead body. and you pause, no, but I asked. not yet. he then shows the stolen captive bolt pistol that killed the pig. he gives it to her, telling her to pull the trigger, but she was too scared. he then picks it up, pointing it towards her. she thinks he is a coward, but rather he is careless and psychopathic, because he does pull the trigger, causing her to drop down to the floor, Cline. she tries to get away, which is pretty sad. to hear, but we see on the TV that Binney is struggling with her. he grabs the bolt pistol again, shooting her a second time. he just promotes and increases her agony. and it takes a third shot through the brain to actually kill her. and then he says, down. right after doing something that didn't need to be done, we didn't see him casually covered his body, surging through her stuff and cleani blood all out of the sheets. now it's time to clean up on the floor, which shows a sad demise of a once living girl. oops, so much to live for. I don't want to sound disrespectful, but this is why we can't trust anybody nowadays, because everybody is a sick [ __ ]. I wish she just went home. well, later, he think it's a call from his friend, plenty to hang out later. and after he record himself touching the blood from the girl and showing the body, this [ __ ] looks too real. after turning her over, he hides her body before going to hang with some friends. he also stays over at their house for tonight. then the next day, Benny, there's a lot and plenty of different stuff, and Clooney tried to visit his absent sister at her friend's house. for some reason though, he stops at a barber shop and acts the barber for that Jimmy Hopkins cut. he gets his whole hair cut off and goes home to his parents, who were shocked at his new haircut. his father riddikulus him about it, but Benny ignores his father completely, until he blocks him from walking away. we then see that Benny hid the girl's body in a cabinet. and we cut to the next morning. Benny gets in big trouble for punching his friend in the stomach, and is sent to the principal office for a good lecture. but instead of going to the principal's office, he skips to trip entirely going home and getting some milk so he can read some car zones. then we see Benny watching the news with his mom behind him. the moment his father comes in, he turns the video of him killing that girl on, and both parents watch as Benny murders the girl, just like we did. well, Wikipedia said they were disturbed, but this ain't disturbed. to be disturbed is getting the phone and making sure your son goes to prison. the boy then shows them the body. and instead of a heartbreaking sadness, they asked if there were any witnesses. well, the dad is asking because the mom don't know how to act saves their peers. want to keep this under wraps and send their little, less than empathetic killer to bed. dad is struggling to figure out what to do. but prison or detention is on the list, because it will ruin Benny's life. what about that girl's life? Benny Doe is ass away. and soon as you take someone else's life in a senseless crime, your life should be well over. to the parents plot to burn up the girls things and to cut the girl up in small pieces, so small that they can flush her down the toilet. to do that, they want Benny out of the house. so the father has given the grim task, and the mother and Benny are told to take a trip to Egypt. okay, I ain't gonna lie. this whole part was boring as hell. but Benny and mommy go to Egypt, landing, and already they go to examine some sites. later that night, we see the two sleeping in bed. and honestly, the only reason I'm talking about this scene, it's because I can't possibly fathom why people sleep on one pillow. trust me, guys, roommate snores a lot, so I know how many pillows you need. anyway, after more slicing, which I'm sure probably had lots to decipher, the days passed, and eventually we go to another night. we see the Mamas Pig and many this is a good idea to come in and record someone where they are most vulnerable. then the next day we see Benny takes a handed flogging, but I don't think no sub count is gonna go up from this weird ass video. later that night, while the two watch TV, the mom starts getting sick and sad, breaking down over the side of the bed and convulsing. see, guys, this is why you don't, I don't know, just don't kill because it affects everybody. well, that was the last day. so Benny and mom are now back from Egypt. Benny enters his room, seeing a room that looks a lot cleaner and better than before. looks like the father succeeded in cutting up the body. he then talks to his son about it, asking why he did it. beta replies, just to see what it was like to kill someone. that's what all the psycho killers say. I think the father is asking because he sort of, probably is kind of interested in murder - don't quote me on that, though. baby sees for himself that the body is gone. in the next morning, we see Benny dressed and ready to record a party for his sister. again, makes the parents have Benny watched the video of the party. and then we cut to Benny singing in the choir, observed by his parents. then we cut to a video that Benny recorded with the parents planning how to get rid of the body. suddenly, a man speaks who seems to be a police officer. it looks like Benny is in trouble, but rather, Benny seems to be telling the truth of what happened, but just a little different. Benny is telling the story of what happened as if he didn't kill her, but rather the parents did. the wording, implications of parents as the murderers. and this is supported because they don't place him under arrest. the movie ends, as we see, they let Benny go. and as he walks into his parents outside, who don't know how much trouble they are in he says sorry, as he didn't care it all that he just blamed his parents for murder. we last see camera footage of the parents and the to get called in for questioning. it's the credits roll. wow, what an evil bastard. but at the same time, if they just put their little devil in prison and still trying to protect him, then he would have got what he deserved, and they would have been good parents. parents are supposed to be role models. I'm supposed to do right by you. role models don't hide your crimes, and they definitely don't keep your murdering ass out into society. ok, we are done yet. let's talk about the mostess 3rd moment and most enjoyable waiting that spooky stuff. [Music]. okay, let's get right into it. the mostest third moment is undoubtedly the murder of the girl. it was a senseless crime that she didn't deserve. plus the video and hear her last fries were so real and sad to witness. the most enjoyed moment was probably just Benny going to McDonald's, probably because I'm hungry as hell. and that's it. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. and if you did, make sure you check out funny games if you haven't already. but remember, it was an early video, so, yeah, it wouldn't all that good. what am I talking about? it's not even all that good now. but anyway, click on that pretty spooky rider logo to subscribe today. and remember the bail join the game. come on. thanks for watching. spooky owl 