[Music]. welcome to the breakdown, when we break down the most controversial movies together. my name is spooky, and today we're watching a natural-born killers, a crazy film that puts two killers in the spotlight and SM for as many copycat crimes and school shootings. hope this is a too controversial considering all the shootings, but it's still a good movie and my favorite country versus film so far. so get a drink ready. cop some bad new popcorn. let's get to the breakdown. [Applause]. to teasers. and then next we see a waitress getting hit on by our main killer. we'll find his name out later, as they order up a storm. we said. a girl is sitting next to the guy in yeah, can't you read Jesse from Toy Story? don't make some people's names is bad. the cute girly then walks over to the jukebox to bump the latest, or maybe, oh, this mean soundtrack. that's the Internet has to offer, the last thing you want in your burger king. she starts dancing all weird and sexy, but it's still weird, but still kind of sexy. the girl, Mallory, gets disrespected by three Cowboys from Dutchess gang. but then goes Bruce Lee, Tom's Jackie Chan on one of the guys who tries to beggar the guy named Mickey, gets into a fight with another one and shops off one of the Cowboys fingers. then shoots at a fat lady and throws a honey knife and is escaping cow [ __ ], I mean, Cowboys stay back and fight the [ __ ] boy. after killing all but two people to come and play a disturbing eenie meenie miney mo game to pick the last victim. Mickey and Mallory shoot the waitress. oh, what's her name? oh, yeah, her. and then they tell the last surviving cowboy to tell the authorities that Mickey and Mallory did it, since I think I want some fame for their bloodbath. after a cool little drugged-out intro sequence, Mallory and Mickey have a little drug Dale conversation about the future, but then we get a flashback to when the two first met, and it's in the style of a TV. sitcom. the crazy thing is, is actually pretty funny. stupid, you watch your language [Music]. and so if your asses in this house, it's my shop. sure, it's a foot shop for some coming up after the father is pretty terrible, despite his pretty funny jokes. in the guise of a sitcom, we see that even the applies sexual assaults of the family members. and the abuse still doesn't get that laugh-track going. Miki knocks on the door, breezing in fifty pounds of beef. Mickey and Mallory meet each other at the door. know, is dressed like that. are you just waiting for me? why don't I be dressed like this with somebody? I don't know, maybe some beside you told you I think you believe in fate. Mallory, maybe too happy. and go for a ride top, just like Mickey got that move as player game. then the two bouncing Mallory's dad's car will a pimp named Mickey gets arrested for grand theft auto. within a custom Mickey and Mallory visiting in jail. she gives him a concealed hand job, and she explains how her dad is abusing her and touching her inappropriately. after Mallory leaves, we cut to Mickey doing some good old prison labor, working outside with some horses. but then a twister makes things hectic for the prison guards. so Mickey takes the opportunity to do some grand theft horse and eBooks it out of there. next we cook the Mallory back of the scary house of horrors, and Mickey breaks in in the text of hook up dad and drowns him in a fish tank. then they cover up the mom and gasoline a lighter ablaze, because she never tried helping her children against the tyranny of her father. as the mom burns to to leave her brother alone, she says he's free now, and he smiles on happiness. then it cuts to the couple getting rid of their past, like pinkies and pinky a storm Ali's hand in marriage. they do a blood hope and a prayer before becoming a self-made husband and wife. then it cuts to a TV show called American maniacs. you know, like your Forensic Files, Investigation Discovery type show. we have some more shows like that. the show is hosted by Wayne gale, but perhaps we'll just call him Tony Stark. after a reenactment of how the couple murder some cops, we see that Mickey and Mallory are celebrated globally as cult heroes, like a modern-day Bonnie and Clyde. Mickey and Mallory relax in a motel a Mickey forces Mallory to always wear the ring he gave her. they start banging, but Mickey gets in trouble for looking at their kidnapped victim. my leaves. and then a weird montage of random clips. Mickey rapes the kidnapped girl, his mouth drops. now, flashback Road and she's getting her car filled up by a gas attendant. oh, don't do it like that, Mickey. OA. gas attendant guy. she lets him get his feel on when to get back to Mickey, and she's fishing for a lot of compliments. in the meantime, we see, sure grace screenshots of Mallory close-ups and her dad close-ups. I'm guessing this sex reminded her of her dad. so she loses it and kills the attendant after he recognizes her. next police show up, and Jack, the detective and main antagonist, finds the crime scene and says, no no is tonight. what kind of ass do you like? you like chicken bone as my guy. my ass is better than that. didn't a couple were driving through some destination foot again, followed by the feds. then after losing them, they run out of gas and start arguing about their relationship. you know, like how all psychotic couples do. they walk around for a minute and then meet up with some random Indian guy who houses them and feeds them. the Indian completely understands what type of person they are just by looking at him. and the two fathers sleeping, Miki Assam dream flashbacks to his past where he got abused by Dada Dada. Miki kills the Indian on accident in a nightmare. I guess we're Lee. the two seem very remorseful for killing the man, even respecting his body. it's weird that two mass murderers are sad over killing, but it's cuz the man that housed and fed them. after trying to escape their run into a snake pit, and Mallory gets bitten on the leg. then it cuts to the detector from earlier about to have some fun time with a prostitute, but then he saw her, strangling her to death as he jacks off his hard-on for Mickey. Mickey, a mouse didn't stop at a store to look for some anti-venom for a snakebite with any employee who was watching some program about the couple hits the silent alarm before he gets found out and awed by Mickey. before Mickey asks this, you wouldn't be able to use it anyway, Mickey, Mallory gets arrested by the detective, and he tries to cut off Mallory's titties to get Mickey to surrender. he surrenders, but then tries to attack the cops before getting his ass handed to him. when you later, detective is now famous for capturing a couple. he meets up with the prison warden, agent K from many black to visit the two. we learned that the detective has a hard-on for Psychopaths because his mother was killed by Charles women, that's a mass murderer. we have a long, with funny, extended scene of the warden and the detective talking. we learned the warden wants to detective to kill the couple. they stopped by Mallory's cell and then she knocks herself out by running into the door. Tony started mr. with Mickey to talk to him about doing a follow-up interview for American maniacs. Mickey agrees to it. then next we see Mickey right now. some love letter says mild is dancing in herself. tony stark organizes the interview to come on right after the Super Bowl. then during Mickey's trial, Mickey has gathered a crowd bigger than a Super Bowl halftime performance. then, accustomed Mickey is shaving his head for his live interview. next to interview happens, and we learned a few things about Mickey, like his father killed himself. here Mickey's philosophy on murdering people. next, the detective Mesa with Mallory and starts messing with her. it seems like Mallory got a plan up her sleeve. a prison riot starts up, I guess because the prisoners were really filling Mickey's interview. Vicki does a comedy routine for the cops in the interview room, and at the end of the joke, takes a gun and kill some of the people in the cell. Mickey makes the camera crew following him on his massacre towards Mallory self. Mallory seduces the detective, and then she beats the living [ __ ] out of him. then a cops break in and start pepper spraying her. then Vicki breaks in saying, [Music]. Mickey kills the cops and get into a standoff with the detective. Mickey feigns surrender, then Mallory stabs the detective in the neck before shooting him square in the face. the prisoners continue absolutely destructive mayhem as the prison officials lose total control reinforcement skills. Tony starts camera crew, but in Tony grabs a gun himself and gets his killing on it. seen his Tony had always wanted to murder someone. either that or he still comes the Stockholm Syndrome Mouse stands off against the cops and shoots a hole through Tony's hand. then Mallory gets shot in the side. they consider going out in the hill of bullets and catch their escape fails. they bring the two prisoners out and successfully escape from the prison, leaving a warden and his cops to get tore apart by the prisoners. but then we see the wardens head on the spike, making him out. we then record their own little cue to the world matches. and then they say they didn't plan the riot. they didn't plan to kill Tony, who tries to speak his case. he has to be left alive to tell the tale, but the couple believes that the camera will do that. the couple didn't kill Tony. if we get some random shots of past crimes during the 90s the movie innocent, we see Mickey and Mallory now having a family of their own. so what did you guys think of the movie? I think it's my favorite breakdown so far. it's more humor filled, but I thought it would be good for the disturbing topics in the movie. well, let's talk about my favorite, mostest, third moment and my most enjoy a moment. [Music]. this movie was more controversial to anything as led to a lot of copycat crimes during the decade it was released. an example, which includes a Columbine High School shooting. the most disturbing goes to the prison riot. the prisoners did a lot of messed-up and gruesome stuff during a riot, just like many famous prison riots in real life. the most enjoy woman goes to the sitcom scene. the dad, even though he was an [ __ ] like most dads, and the disturbing breakdowns, was making some funny jokes when he was at being a pervert. [ __ ]. and that's it. this movie was released in 1994, saying, here's Pulp Fiction. and it was directed by Oliver Stone with some scrape a direction from Quentin Tarantino. hope you guys enjoyed Natural Born Killers. this has been a breakdown. thank you guys for watching my breakdown on Natural Born Killers. consider subscribing if you like videos like this. this Friday we're breaking down funny games. but in the meantime, check out some of those other breakdowns on olicity, like gore. just want to learn some new stories. anyway, spooky out 