[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a fantasy drama film skellig. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. michael's family moves to a decrepit old house to make room for the coming baby that his parents are expecting. he soon feels pushed out and upset by his parents, who are preoccupied with a house decoration in the new baby. meanwhile, michael gets mocked and treated coward by his classmates in school because he suffers from acrophobia and is too afraid to jump in the pool from a swimming platform. his friend stands up for him and drives the bully boys away. someday, at home, michael happens to notice a lovely rat passing by the yard. driven by his curiosity, he then follows the rat and ventures to a gloomy and uninhabitable shed near their new house, where he hears unexpected noise from someone that literally scares the p out of him. in shock, he runs back to the house and tells his mom what happened in the shed, but finds his mom is suffering and going into premature labor. in panic, he called the ambulance for her. the mother is rushed to the hospital and the baby is premature. shortly after, michael likes the new family member instantly. the baby must stay in hospital for some time due to premature delivery. back home, michael's dad checks the shed after michael says he hears someone in it, but nothing is found there. as a present for the newborn baby. when it comes home, michael and his dad renovate a room for the baby together. the dad is very happy to see michael is up to this task. on his second attempt to explore the shed, michael meets a neighbor mina. the girl is friendly, but a little weird, making michael want to keep a little distance from her. in the shed, he meets a shitty man who seems very sick. michael is startled and runs to his dad back in the house, who is comforting michael's crying mom on the phone with no one to share with. michael then tells his best friend about the man in the shed. but his friend is more interested in a swimming contest rather than his story, and gives michael an invitation to watch his contest. inside the classroom, michael finds his desk is full of disgusting bugs. which disturb the whole class and thus get his ass kicked out of the class. under depression, he encounters mina on the way home, but he doesn't want to talk much to her. later, michael goes to see the weird man in the shed, who rejects his help, but tells him two numbers, 27 and 53. in confusion, michael visits his mom and the baby in the hospital and meets an old lady, grace, in the hallway, who starts a nice conversation with him about her children that haven't visited her for quite some time. when they finish chatting, grace shares one of her grapes with michael. michael feels deep worried about his sick baby sister after seeing her lying lifeless in an incubator due to premature delivery. at night, michael orders course 27 and 53 on the takeout menu and take the leftovers to the weird man, who enjoys the food very much. michael feels some big lumps on the weird man's back when he pats him, and he sees a feather on a small table. michael tells the story about the weird man to grace, who informs michael that he should keep helping that poor man and shares another grape with michael. the baby finally gets well and comes home with mom the new room prepared by dad. and michael fills mom's heart with joy and love. even though michael's nights are filled with cries of the babies, but he is still happy to be around the new family member. meanwhile, the weird man is getting better with michael's medicines and is willing to talk to michael carefully without revealing who he is. while playing with his best friends in the woods, michael feels something bad happens at home. he then rushes home, but only to find his sister gets sick suddenly and taken to the hospital. again, with no way to release his worry and anger, michael beats the bushes. somehow the shed is shaking too, as if the weird man makes it because he can feel michael's depression. later, michael talks about his worries with mina, and she leads him to her secret place, an old tower by a lake. michael feels released after a pleasant chat with meena. however, the newborn sisters condition gets worse due to a fatal heart problem. there's nothing he can do to help his little sister. so michael finds the weird man again, hoping to get comforts from him. but the shitty man says people are so small to the universe and death is just part of human life. michael feels offended by his coldness and storms off in anger. that night, some mushrooms grow magically on the wall in michael's room. the next day, michael brings some beer and introduces mina to the weird man. mina is very curious about the man and thinks his body is growing stiff. day after day later, they run out of the shed and exchange more thoughts about who the weird man is. back home, dad is cleaning up the mushrooms on the wall and going to clean the shed as well to distract himself from worrying about the baby. to avoid that, michael breaks the worn out roof by jumping hardly on the bed upstairs, which successfully stops his dad from discovering the weird man. the next day, michael bumps into grace in the hospital again. grace notices that the poor boy is full of worries, so she gives all her grapes to him and encourages him to stand up to difficulties bravely. the doctor informs that there are no effective treatments for the baby's heart problem, which darkens the couple's lives. feeling helpless as well as hopeless, the drunk dad decides to burns down the gloomy shed immediately, failing to stop his bad from setting fire on it. michael then carries the weird man out of the burning shed right away. soon after, michael takes his exhausted drunk dad back home and asked mina to help him hide the weird man in the tower by the lake. when michael returns home, he's a bit shocked to see his dad is already awake and pasting new wallpapers in the house to make it more pleasant to live. on the other hand, michael and meena prepare more supplies and food and take good care of the weird man. after all the good cares, the weird man finally lowers his guard and tell the kids his name is skelly and he is as old as the earth. then he shows the two lumps that he has been hiding for long. they are actually broken wings with hardly any feather left to figure out what skellig is the two kids meet up frequently and exchange their proofs. more classmates make fun of michael for his sneaky meeting with mita frustrated michael walks off and meets mina that night at the tower to see skelly. for their surprise, skellig can even stand up now, under the help of the animals that bring food to him. he holds meena and michael's burnt hand, caused by the fire days before. then the three slowly float up in the air and turn in circles as a little return. nina and michael help cleanse his dirty feathers, but spare his [ __ ] smelly hairs and clothes. michael and mina leave with such a wonderful experience and realize, surprisingly, that michael's burnt hand is magically healed. during a class. the next day, michael is informed to go to the hospital. in the middle of telling his story about wings, knowing his sister is about to have an important operation, michael falls into fear and want to seek help from skellig. but skellig just tells the poor boy there is nothing he can help for he has already given up on himself. michael goes to see mina after the upset visit to the tower. mina's mom invites him to sleep over to recover from his low spirits. too occupied by his sick sister, michael forgets to attend his best friend's swimming contest, lack of support from michael, the friend does a horrible job in the contest. back in the hospital, when the baby is still under operation, michael goes to visit grace, but finds out that grace has died in her sleep the night before. under grace's inspiration, michael wants to give faith to skelly. on his way running to the tower, michael encounters his best friend, who follows michael and wants to investigate the tower, but soon gets stopped by michael. michael couldn't explain to his best friend, so the friend storms off in anger. later, he finds skellig on the top of the tower. then says he believes that skellig is a good person who is willing to help his sister. he knows that he has to find a way to rekindle skellig's belief in hope. so he walks to the edge of the tower and jumps off, despite his acrophobia. with michael's deep trust in the fatal situation, he puts himself into, skellig opens his wings suddenly and shoots to the sky again. he grabs michael and makes him asleep. after flying in the air for a bit. soon after, skellig puts michael in a safe place and goes to see michael's sister in the hospital. after using his magic power to put the mom to sleep, skellig holds the baby in his hands and floats in circles again in the ward. slowly, the baby looks full of lives again. michael is awakened by mina the next day and rushes to see his sister. he knows it's skellig that helps his sister back in a healthy condition. seeing smiles on his parents faces, michael suggests naming his sister grace to memorize the person who inspires him. mom and the baby sister finally come back to a newly decorated house where the family reunite happily again. michael finds his best friend to explain the misunderstandings between them and gets excused from the friend. michael and mina visit skellig and treat him to his favorite wine and food. skellig, the once shitty and fallen angel, decides to leave here and fly to other places where he can help more people, with a rekindled belief in hope and life that michael blesses him. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 