welcome to movies explained today. we're looking at don't breathe, alex, money and rocky. three young people break into a lavish house and steal valuable items from clothes, books and show pieces. they pack everything that they can find. at the end of their robbery, alex throws a rock at the window and breaks the glass. all three of them leave when the job is completed. the three teenagers are delinquents of detroit. while they are driving back, rocky tells alex that she will leave detroit and fly to california. alex looks concerned and asks her when she'll be coming back. she tells him that she'll not be returning ever. rocky tries to convince alex to go with her and money to california, but he refuses the offer by saying that he cannot leave his father behind. rocky smiles at alex and tells him that she's going to miss him. alex walks into his home. when he enters the house, he calls for his dad, who's not there. he gets some information out of his computer and leaves. money sells a stolen item to a person who does not give him a fair price. he advises money that if he wants to make more money, he would have to steal more. money receives a tip that an army veteran who lives in an abandoned neighborhood has almost three hundred thousand dollars in his house. the three teenagers plan the robbery where the man lives alone. money tells rocky and alex that the guy is a loner with no family. alex uses the information he got from his dad's computer to see the details of the house. they conclude that the place seems like a dump. money tells them that the man lost his daughter when a rich, preppy girl ran her over with her car. the wealthy family paid the man, and the man settled with the family of the girl. money gets excited at the idea of owning 300k. rocky questions him about whether the man will keep all of that cash in his house. money responds that we're gonna find out. alex jumps into the discussion and says that we don't do cash. anything above 10k is grand larceny, and if they get caught, they can go to jail for 10 years. rocky assures him that they're not going to get caught. alex still expresses concern that such a considerable amount of money will bring serious attention and the police will carry a full investigation. rocky once again makes an effort to calm him down and says that if we do this one robbery right, we never have to do anything like this again. alex, not being satisfied, leaves the place and says that he's not going to be a part of this. later that night, alex searches the details of the man and reads about the six digit settlement that he got. rocky comes home, where her alcoholic mother and broke boyfriend keep asking her for money. her little sister, diddy, says to her that she wants to go to a beach. rocky tells her that there aren't any beaches in michigan. alex texts her about the robbery, which gives her hope of getting out of the toxic environment with diddy. she promises her that they will go to a beach in california and will move there together. money convinces alex to do this one last robbery for him. they go to the neighborhood where the man lives to check out the surroundings. money goes to check out the situation. while alex and rocky are waiting in the car, alex notices the tattoo rocky has on her hand and asks her about it. she tells him that it's a ladybug. she says that her dad left them when she was a child, and her mother held her responsible. she used to cry a lot. her mother got tired of it, so she was to lock her in the back of her truck for hours. there was a little hole in the trunk, and a ladybug kept her company and made her feel safe. so she has it on her hand and will get it colored when she gets to california. alex tells her that he will be going to california with them. rocky looks back at him, smiles and says, i know you will. money comes back to the car and tells him that there are no people and no police patrol, the robbery is going to be a piece of cake. while they're discussing the idea, a dog comes and jumps at rocky's window and starts barking. money becomes angry and screams at him. they hear a man whistling towards the dog, which makes the dog go away. at this point they discover that the man is who they are planning to rob, and that he's blind. alex questions about their heist and says, are we going to rob a blind man? money shuts him down by saying that he may be blind, but he's not a saint. at night, the three of them sneak into the empty neighborhood. money guesses that the lights are off, so the man must be asleep. they decide to take care of the dog first. they throw a little piece of meat to the dog, which puts him in a deep sleep. they reach the front door. they try to open it, but fail to do so. alex spots a window, and rocky says that she can quickly get in. alex shows concern and says that we're not sending you in alone. she says that i'm doing it myself. they help her get in, and alex says that in 30 seconds, rocky has to turn the alarm off. she jumps from the window into the bathroom and walks around the house trying to find the alarm and turns it off. alex and money get into an argument related to rocky. money warms him to stay in the friend zone, and that rocky is his girl. rocky opens the door and all of them enter the house. they take their shoes off to avoid making any sounds. they start searching the place for the cash. money goes upstairs where the blind man is sleeping. in his room, a video of a little girl is playing on the tv. the man wakes up, turns the tape off and goes back to sleep again. money sets down a chlorobomb, comes back down and informs his friends that the man is asleep. they discover a room with a large lock on the outside. thinking that the cash is hidden in the room, they try to break the lock. money fails to open it, but then pulls out a gun to complete the job. alex is displeased with the gun and tells him that this will give the man a legal right to shoot them. rocky says the money that he's never pulled the trigger before. when he responds that he's gonna pop his cherries tonight, alex says, i'm out of here and decides to leave. money fires the gun and breaks the lock. suddenly, they see the blind man standing behind them. money starts making excuses that he was wasted and broke in and just wants to leave. he then threatens the man if he comes closer, and he threatens to kill him. the blind man comes closer to money, grabs his gun and starts choking him. money begs the blind man to let him live. the man asks him, how many intruders are there? money says he's the only one. rocky stands there trying not to make a sound. the man shoots money in the face. rocky moves and hides in the closet. after he kills money, he bashes his head against the wall. rocky becomes scared and starts crying. when alex hears the gunshot, he comes back to check in on his friends. he becomes scared when he sees the man dragging money down the hall. the blind man locks the main door and gets the gun. alex hides in the bathroom. the blind man walks in and starts sailing all the entrances. rocky texts alex and tells him that she's hiding in the closet and that money is dead. alex says he'll come and get her. the blind man walks into the closet where rocky's hiding. he removes a slap from the wall and opens up a safe to check for his cash. rocky sees him enter the code, and she remembers it. when the blind man leaves, alex walks into the closet. rocky then gets up, enters the code and opens up the safe. she puts all of the money in a bag. alex tells her that the only way out is the storm cellar. they're on their way to the basement when they see the blind man dragging money's body. they try to stay quiet, but alex steps back, and the floor creaks behind him. and the floor creek alerts the blind man. he points the gun from left to right, and he's about to lower it when the phone rings. he shoots at it, and then continues dragging the body down the hall. rocky opens the door to the basement and climbs the ladder down. alex follows her. they're trying to find a way out, while the blind man can be seen trying to get rid of money's body. while walking out, the man can smell alex and rocky's shoes. he realizes that there are more intruders in the house. he immediately goes to his safe and realizes that the money is gone. he becomes angry. rocky and alex are still trying to find their way. a woman jumps on to rocky and alex and tries to grab them, which rings a bell, alerting the blind man. rocky moves closer to her and tells alex that she's a girl who killed the blind man's daughter. she insists on helping her and taking her with them. alex says that they can't do it. while they're discussing the girl, they hear heavy footsteps approaching. the girl points towards the safe. alex enters the same password rocky used on the safe to get the cash. he finds a pair of keys in the safe. they take the girl with them and start searching for the door. they finally find the door, and alex is trying to open the lock when the sounds of footsteps fades away. he finally succeeds in opening the lock. but as soon as he opens the door, they find the blind man standing at the door pointing a gun at him. the man starts shooting. luckily, alex skips the bullet and it hits the girl. the man comes in, feels the dead body, realizes who it is and starts crying. he locks the door and leaves. alex looks at the keys and tells rocky that they can open the front door with these keys, and if they get there, they can escape. the man shuts the power down and starts shooting in the basement. alex and rocky panic and start running around to save themselves. the man follows his senses and tries to catch him. the man gets to alex and grabs his throat. alex manages to fight him off. rocky and alex run upstairs. they're trying to lock the door behind them when they see the dog standing in the hallway. alex gives rocky the keys and tells her to open the door. she tries to open it, when a man comes in. both of them run as fast as they can and hide in a room on the first floor. they push a cupboard in front of the door so the man can't enter. they look around for an exit, but they can't find anything. alex tells rocky to escape through the vents, while he stands there guarding the door. the blind man's dog enters room and attacks alex. he falls out of a window and gets knocked out. when alex regains his consciousness, he sees the blind man standing at the window. the blind man shoots the skylight and alex falls back into the house. he drags him into a utility room where he starts beating up alex. alex tries to hurt the man, but fails. the man tries to stab alex with a pair of shears, but he ends up stabbing money's corpse instead. on the other side of the house, a dog pursues rocky through the vents, and the blind man finds her. he hits her and knocks her out. when she wakes up, she finds herself in the same place where he kept the other girl. she realized that she's chained to the ceiling. she tries talking to the blind man, trying to convince him to let her go, that she understands what she's been through, and doing all of this will not bring his daughter back. he tells her that he kept cindy, the other girl, because she was going to give him a child in return of the one she took, but rocky made him kill her. he then fills a tube with a semen, goes to rocky, tears her pants apart and is about to impregnate her when alex attacks him from behind. rocky attacks him. out of anger, they restrain the man with cuffs. he tells him to take the money and get out of his house. alex tries to call 9-1-1, but rocky says they will not be able to keep the money if they do. they then head to the front door. alex tries different keys to open the door. right when he gets the door open, the man walks behind him and shoots alex. this time, alex was not lucky to survive the shot. rocky opens the door and escapes. she runs as fast as she can. the dog starts following rocky, but she climbs the fence and gets into a car. but in doing so, she leaves a bag full of money outside. the dog is outside, which makes it difficult for rocky to get out and get the bag. she somehow manages to capture the dog in the car's trunk. but as soon as she gets out, she's attacked by the blind man. he drags her back to his house and beats her. she lays on the floor crying, looking at alex, telling him that she's sorry. she then sees a ladybug sitting on her finger. and when it flies away, she notices the remote for the alarm system. she gets up and activates the alarm, disorienting the blind man. she then beats him with a crowbar and pushes him into the basement, knocking him out. she manages to escape the house right before the police arrive on the scene with the money, rocky tries to escape with diddy to california. they are both waiting to board the train when rocky sees the news of last night's incident. the report says that the blind man was attacked in his house by two burglars, but was able to defend himself against them. he killed both of them and sustained some injuries, but will be out of the hospital in a few days. the news also says that the blind men declared that no items or valuables were missing. a wave of fear comes across rocky's face. the film ends with rocky and diddy leaving detroit through the departure game. [Music], you 