welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and if you currently stuck in doors and occupying your home, and you really need to check out this new Netflix thriller, the occupant, has just dropped on the platform today. and as soon as I saw that Mario Casas was starring in it, I had to check it out. he was part of the cast in one of the best thrillers I've ever seen, called the invisible guest, which you should definitely check out if you haven't. similar to that movie, the occupant is full of twists and turns, and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down everything you need to know about the film and its ending. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and if you enjoy it, then please give it a thumbs up. without the way. thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into our breakdown of the occupant. okay, so the occupant is a Spanish movie that has titled hogar in its native language. this roughly translates to home. and the movie is pretty much laced with the question of what truly makes one is it the bricks and mortar that create the environment that the occupiers live in, or the occupiers themselves? is it the symbol of status that it provides? and can we truly ever keep our home due to time passing on and the circle of life? it's something that the occupant poses to audiences. and though the protagonist falls towards the more material aspects, it does leave the audience to ask ourselves what really matters. we follow Xavier, a one successful marketing executive that is long past his prime. the movie opens with him interviewing for a job and showcasing his best work, an advertisement on a home with a strap line of the life you deserve, similar to the advertisement itself, Xavier was once highly regarded and loved by many. however, as with all things, time has made him lose his shine. in Javier's mind, he deserves a life where he's at the top of the game and living comfortably. in contrast to this, he struggles even gaining entry-level jobs due to prejudices, and feels like the world has wronged him in some ways. I think the film really comments on society and how we treat the elderly. in light of the current crisis that is going on, many people are questioning whether the economy is worth more than our more senior members of society. and it feels like we failed them in some ways by even question this. they paved the way stabilized civilization, and now that they're viewed as having no use, they get cast to the side. it's something that the movie grapples with. and though Xavier is only middle-aged, it does show how we may all be doomed to fall into this trap one day, if we don't change how things work. after a year of unemployment, Xavier can no longer afford his home, and thus he and his family are forced to leave it. they move into a dilapidated, shabby apartment. when the taps drip all of the time, and I'll get into the meaning behind that later in the video, it starts off a chain of events that have major consequences. and the movie centers around Xavier trying to win back the life he views himself as deserving. one day he discovers that he still has a set of keys to his old home, and he begins stalking the family that has moved in there. slowly he tries to get closer to them in any way that it can. and they become his obsession. the film is very much about trying to regain the things that one is lost. and for Xavier, this represents a number of elements, including the property to the youth that the family have. they are pretty much the younger, happier versions of his own family. and both families mirror each other in many ways. I'm sure one day we will all be in a place where we look at people who are in a position that we once were with complete envy. it becomes easy to sympathize with Javier's jealousy. and often feels like time is slipping away like sand in our hands. the stronger we try to hold on to it, the faster it slips away. and we watch as Xavier slowly becomes more and more desperate. now one of the most interesting aspects of the film that truly speaks to Javier's personality is that his career is based in advertising. because Xavier lived so long in the world of selling dreams, he is an idealized view of the world advertisements and commercials are created in such a way that they makers always want more and more. their purpose is to push the narrative that the grass is always greener and what we have isn't enough. this is how they work. because of living in this world for so long, xavier is unable to appreciate what he truly has. he has a son and wife that are both willing to do whatever they can to please him, but he Beus them is not being good enough. he hates that his son is obese, and views the other family as having a child that's bit inactive. he views Tomas, the father of the family, as being more successful in his and the movie truly speaks to how people have become. we live in a world where people only put out the perfect versions of themselves on social media, and thus it becomes easy to compare and believe that we aren't good enough. Xavier is obsessed with materials, and even though he can't afford it, he still refuses to sell his BMW at several points due to the image that are portrays to the world of success. this is, of course, mirrored in our online life, in which many of us try to appear like we are constantly winning in order to keep up with others who appear the same way. even though we know it's all fake on our end and theirs, we still fall victim to it. and it's such an interesting character study that makes this a brilliant watch. he unearths Thomas was an alcoholic that almost caused a fatal crash with his family after drunk driving. Tomas attends a a meetings, and this is where Javier sparks up a friendship with him. now there are two key differences between the characters here that indicate why one is happy and why the other isn't. Tomas nearly lost his family, and thus he will do whatever he can to hold on to them. he is really working for it, even if it doesn't always work. however, Javier will do whatever he can to get his old life back, even if it means losing his family. he refuses to give up the status that he once had. whilst Tomas will constantly try, over and over to give up his obsession with alcohol in order to hold on to the things that are dearest to him. both want to change though, and prove that they are better than others think they are. and thus they find some kinship in their stories, even when Thomas tells Javier that things aren't always sunshine and roses. he still ignores it because he has this core aspect built into his mind that there is this idealized version of life. Tomas has a job that he gained through his father and all owning a successful company. and similar to Javier, he wishes to be at the top. however, Javier doesn't just want to take Thomas's belongings. he wants to be him and what he represents. and unlike him, he will go to Machiavellian ends to do it. he views the apartment is making him above all. and is actually imagery that I found almost signifying that he viewed himself as godlike, looking overall, even controlling life and death. this shot is later reversed, with him hiding behind the tree, having to be obscured, whereas up top, he is able to proudly look overall. I don't know if I'm reading too much into that, but, but yeah, it's just something I thought whilst watching the film. Javier crashes his car to use the opportunity to send himself an email from Thomas's phone that used to frame him. later, he's made to carry out perverted things by a janitor that recognized him. and Thomas's wife begins to suspect him of falling back into old habits. she calls Xavier to tell him to stay away from Thomas, but he brings up the email. and things slowly become more and more twisted. Xavier begins gaslighting Thomas and confronts him at work in order to get him to lash out with bruises on his face. he returns to Thomas's wife, Laura, and makes her believe that he's dangerous. Xavier gives her a pepper spray can that he's laced with peanuts, which Carter is allergic to. he leaves his wife, and slowly, Xavier starts to put the pieces in place for his end game, which is disciplined Thomas. he manipulates him into returning to the apartment, and she sprays him with the pepper spray can, which shuts down his body. xavier returns to the apartment to cover the crime up. and he says the thomas that he doesn't deserve them before suffocating him, which, of course, ties into the tagline of the life you deserve. in the end, xavier gains a job, which he was initially supposed to be an intern for earlier in the movie, and because of his connection to laura and a father's company, he's able to secure a massive advertising deal. Javier's ex-wife turns up asking for the truth. as she's pieced it all together, she states that she will tell the police, and he will end up in a Cell. that makes the home he despised seem like a mansion. Xavier calls a bluff and says that he will use his son's trust fund and their home and hiring a lawyer to defend him. Javier's wife, Marga, in the end, doesn't do it. and it really shows the dichotomy of the two characters. Javier would risk everything he can to gain a house, property and status, whereas Marga will do whatever she can to make sure her child is okay, which Javier doesn't really seem to care about. the movie ends with him in a giant new home with Thomas's family as his own. the entire property is pristine, and it truly seems like he has achieved it all. however, the tap starts to drip, similar to his run-down apartment, and this symbolizes that he will not find happiness here because he has placed value into material items instead of people. he didn't care about putting his own son at risk because all he wanted was status. but in the long run, this is a hollow thing that will not make him happy. the house itself, in the final shots, though expansive, seems completely empty and devoid of life. this is similar to how Xavier will eventually feel, because tossed everything away in order to climb back up the social ladder. Xavier, in life, has already been at the top of this and he has seen how easily it can all be taken away. thus it isn't likely that it will remain here for him. Xavier is now back into the same circumstances that caused his downfall. however, he has a son and ex-wife that hate and despise him. they truly loved him at one point, no matter what home he provided. and once the shell that he is created with Lara starts to fade away and his true face is revealed, a concealed lasting long it's a brilliant message that tells us to appreciate what we have and that the grass isn't always greener. everything has its faults and there's no real joy in material items. Xavier has mistakenly believed this, and nurse it will lead to him repeating the actions that we saw in the film. it's a truly haunting ending that left me with goosebumps and the message that we should all appreciate what we have. now, before we get into the review, I just wanna let you know we're giving away a free copy of the Star Wars Skywalker saga box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the film in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of April, and the cell be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. ok, so what did I think of the film? well, overall, the occupant is an astonishing film, and I'm so glad that Netflix are dropping some big movies at the moment alongside the platform. both are truly astounding, and I absolutely adored the pair of them. the iake print is definitely one to watch right now, as it's perfectly crafted, acted, and it carries a strong message that I think works on a lot of levels. I really enjoyed it, and I highly recommend that you check out the movie. and that's why it gets a 9 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the occupant and what you took from it. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of last week's big Netflix release at the platform, which is gonna be linked at the end. we talked about all of the metaphors in that film and the true meaning behind it. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. there's a thank you. you get access to content early. if you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. huge. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. now, see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 