welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul. and after one division, people thought i'd stop doing fan theory videos. but in the words of captain america, no, i don't think i will. now, the first episode of falcon in the wood to soldier has just dropped, and there's a lot to unpack from it, including who the new cap is and what's going on with the flag smashes. full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, then i highly recommend that you take all the stupid with you for clicking this video in the first place. probably not the best time to ask you to like the video, but if you enjoy it, then flag smash that thumbs up and subscribe for breakdowns on the show every week. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into it. okay. so episode one of fatwoods, which is what i'm calling it now because that's what disney abbreviated it to, that, has a big reveal at the end of it that shows the shield has been taken up by a new captain america, after steve passed the mantle to sam. the character clearly wrestled with whether he was worthy enough to carry the shield or not. in the six months since the events of endgame, it seems like he's just had it hid under his bed like some dirty maxim magazines you had when you were 14. because we open on him getting ready to take it to the smithsonian and then cut to the mission before that, on the border of libya. i think this cements that sam hasn't taken the shield out with him ever. now we also know that he's been working alongside the air force for these six months, and that's a long time for him to go without picking it up. clearly, this was a burden he didn't really want. as cap not only stands as a hero, but he's also a symbol of america. in sam wilson captain america, which is the comic that the series is based on, sam to pay slip service to this, he states that he thought being captain america would just be about punching villains and attending parades. but it goes far beyond that. in the source material, america is on the brink of civil war, with the right and left at each other's throats. and sam realizes it's almost impossible to walk the line in which both will view him as their symbol of the country. though this hasn't been brought up in the show yet, we can assume that it's aspects like this that have some questioning whether he's the right person or not. thus, he gave the shield back, but i don't think that he ever believed he'd be replaced so quickly. thus when the new captain america shows up at the end, it feels like a kick in the balls. now we know from behind the scenes info that this is john walker, for them to replace sam so quickly. i think that the government has had this plan in place for a long time, and it's likely that they put him and other people through rigorous testing programs in order to select the right person for the job. i'll get into how this could tie into the flag smashes later on. but in the comics, john walker started off as the villain, super patriot. walker's brother michael was killed during the vietnam war, and jon grew up idolizing him in his sacrifice. he joined the military and, after receiving training, slotted into the role super patriot. walker started to publicly discredit captain america, stating that he didn't really represent the ideals of the united states, and he began to stage attacks in order to make it look like he was the true savior. i do believe that this will tie over into the show as well, and throughout it, that walker will help the flag smashers to carry out attacks so that he can show up and save the day. this will make him seem like more of a hero. and though this aesthetic was present in mysterio 2, it does have basis in the source material. now, similar to what we see in the show, walker did become captain america at one point. cap vacated the mantle, and after jon changed his views, he became the next in line to bear the shield. however, he wasn't that well received by either the audience or the characters in the comics themselves. throughout the decades, there have been several character switches like this. and the one that i always go back to is asriel. in the batman nightfall lock, he replaced bruce wayne as the dark knight, and was disliked by many because of his brutality and general swanky attitude. he thinks he owns the place. you don't mate, you're a [ __ ] now, this was murder and walker. but these character switches do serve a purpose in showing everything that could be bad about these heroes and their mantles, they also showcase why steve and bruce are so perfect for the roles. this is something that i think is also present in sam's mind state too, in questioning whether he's even worthy to be capped or not, he's showing that he is. yeah, he is, because he doesn't want to be so he is. steve was picked not because he was the biggest or strongest, or even the fastest youtuber on the net, but rather because of the person that he was on the inside. now, stephen walker ended up having a showdown, and after this, the latter lost the name because he was deemed unworthy. he begged his death and returned as the anti-hero us agent, which is the persona that he's carried since. wearing a variation of the captain america costume and carrying a vibranium disc as a shield. he continued to walk the line between good and bad. one thing that has always remained though is his respect for cap. now, in sam wilson, captain america, walker was actually ordered by cap to publicly humiliate sam. and the two ended up fighting in the street whilst the public watched on. this was put in place to make sam looking worthy. and i definitely think that the bigger sam gets, the more likely it is that the two will face off. we've already seen from people that sam has encountered that they greatly admire all that he's done. and even though they're not approving his loan application, he's viewed as a hero in the public eye. maybe they should leave him alone. hey, get that noise. don't. don't dislike the video. yeah, that was an all right one. now, i think that it'll come down to the pair going head to head after sam and bucky learn that walker is helping the flag smashers to carry out attacks in the trailers. we see the semi-truck scene, and walker is actually on it at one point. therefore, i think sam getting too close to these attacks will make walker realize that he has to take him out before he uncovers the truth. and that will be a big driving force in the series. now, as for the flag smashers themselves, the one we saw operating in the episode demonstrated superhuman strength. if walker is in line, with his comic book adaptation, then it means that he has this ability too. i think this ties in with the flag smashes powers. walker likely wasn't picked overnight, and potentially he has been experimenting or two with a number of other candidates. in one division, we saw as hayward was trying to provide a line of defense for the planet envision. and it could be possible that the government were trying to recreate captain america for the same reason. walker made it all the way to the finish line. but there are potentially a lot of other people that ended up going through the process that have been left out in the wild. in captain america civil war, we saw a full training program for people who too had the super soldier serum in them, and they were extremely dangerous. potentially the flag smashers were put through this as well, and they had instilled in them the ideals of america. however, after being rejected and seeing the pageantry of what it meant to be the captain, they may have gone back on these notions and turned to a life of attempting to take down society. in the comics, flag smasher was a villain who believed that borders infringed on freedom, and that governments on the whole instilled hatred in their people by pitting them against their neighbors, through making them believe that left and right should be at war. i think that this will be the case here, with walker actually wanting to potentially overthrow the government at large so that things to stabilize, like how they were before the blip. this has been brought up as a motive for their actions. and potentially, due to the population being dwindled, there were actually more opportunities for the survivors. i kind of feel that, in the way walker is seen as the hero at first, that he will eventually be revealed as a villain. juxtaposing this, i think that the flag shaggers, sorry, flag smashers, might become somewhat sympathetic figures. potentially they've been used by the government and then cast to the side. i think that this will create an interesting political talking point, which, yeah, the captain america series has always done. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts and theories on everything that we've discussed, so make sure you comment below and let me know. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize through on the 31st of march, in which we're giving away three copies of a marvel 4k box set of your choice. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the theories. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter at heavy spoilers. there's something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the first episode, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over the entire thing from top to bottom and pointed out all the easter eggs we could, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want something else to watch. without the way, thank you for sitting through the video. i've been paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 