[Applause]. [Music], hey everyone. welcome back to the channel. now, i know in my last video i said every week there seems to be more information released that is building the road to restoring the snyder verse. but i did not expect to have more good news in the same week as the warner media president calling the snyder cut a global phenomenon. but there is. so let's get straight into the good news. the hbo max international accounts on twitter and instagram posted a video promoting their dc films and shows with the title, we are dc. i'll play the video here for you now. [Music], shall we? he said the age of heroes would never come. it has to do the answer symbol. you're the answer to, are we alone in the universe? can i just keep pretending i'm your son? you are my son, and i have to believe that you were sitting here for a reason. meow. 20 years in gotham. how many good guys are left? what are you? i'm batman. all right. [Music], can i be like you someday? you can be anything you want to be. [Music], so [Music], hey. [Music], i don't care how many demons he's fought and how many hells he's never fought us without us united. [Music]. so not only is that an epic and beautiful trailer for the dc universe, but it is also a very interesting one. i say that because there was not a single frame of joss whedon's re-shot justice league scenes in there. not only that, but there were a lot of zack snyder's justice league shots with a lot of dialogue from zack snyder's dc trilogy. it's not like they don't have access to justice league 2017, because they have it on their streaming service. so it looks like they are just completely ignoring that film. so for me, that confirms that the snyder cut is canon, and they have thrown justice league out the window. now i don't have hbo max over here in the uk, so i can't check if justice league 2017 is on hbo max. but i have some very helpful people on my discord server who have informed me that justice league is still available on hbo max. so that means that they do have access to it, they are just not promoting it. now this could be a marketing tactic, as zach's knives, justice league got them a lot of attention. and so they want to increase that in their new markets. if that is the case, then they know how profitable the snydercut is, which further emphasizes the point that the film was extremely successful for the streaming service. but i also think they are doing it because the people of hbo, max, warner media and now warner max, know that zack snyder's justice league is so much better than whedon's version. and so they want people to think of the snyder cut as the main movie, the one they class as canon. if you watch the ending of that dc trailer again, they used the snyder cuts cliffhanger with batman speech, which feels like they are getting us hyped up for the future of dc. you think about all the other dc films they own and all the amazing endings they have, but they use one of the only endings that ends in a cliffhanger. the words they use throughout the video too, are fascinating. we are family. we are friends. we are enemies. we are the first, we are the fans. we are dc. doesn't that just scream to you that they are giving the message that everyone, no matter what dc films you like, you are a dc fan. it's like they are saying, you can like all different dc films, and we're going to show you a vast variety of dc films. i don't think that is just a coincidence. i think they've done that on purpose. now i don't want to get your hopes up for something that may not happen, but i would keep a close eye at dc fandom and the new dc films, especially the flash and black adam. those two films have been rumored to be connected to the snyder verse, with the flash director andy maschetti liking the snyder cuts and rumored to be using that film as canon to his film, and the rumor that henry cavill superman will return in black adam, with the black suit. so if we see those things happen next year, then we know for a fact the snyder cut is canon. what does that mean? well, it means that the dc universe could be setting up a justice league 2, directed by zack snyder, in cinemas, not on a streaming service. now that is a lot of ifs and maybes, but it seems like a lot of things are just slotting into place at a really interesting time. think about it, the warner brothers discovery merger is happening mid-2022. the ceo of warner brothers discovery states about how the company will be listening to what consumers want. snyder says that if warner brothers discovery offered him to return to complete his dc vision, he would do it in a heartbeat. the flash and aquaman films are both taking inspiration from snyder's justice league 2 storyboards warner max, who are the ones who green lit the snyder cut, have been reactivated. then the warner media president calls the snyder cuts a global phenomenon. now, this dc trailer that heavily displays the snyder cut, and those previous three events i just said have all happened very closely to dc. fandom, the place where they announced exciting new dc films, tv shows and games. not only that, but it was rumored that the aircut was going to be announced at dc. fandom. now i don't want to sound like i'm going over the top or overthinking this, but i can't be the only one who can see these things slotting so perfectly into place. please let me know if i'm the only one who actually thinks this means something to us, or if i'm just finding coincidences? because to me, this feels like how we felt when the snyder cut announcement was just around the corner. with dc fandom coming up soon, we need to be loud and positive to show our appreciation for hbo max, for warner media, and to show discovery the demand for the snyder verse. they will be watching. they will be taking down notes on what is popular and what is not. and like i have said many times, it's not about destroying the current dc films late. it's about adding to it. not only that, but hbo go posted an image celebrating all the batman films you can watch. and on there was batman v superman, ultimate edition and zack snyder's justice league, but not whedon's justice league, which further emphasizes the fact that the snyder cut is canon. it is also really nice to see them promoting the ultimate edition of batman vs superman instead of the normal version, as the ultimate edition is the true version of that film. but that is all for today's video. thank you so much for watching. please make sure to like and subscribe and turn on post notifications so you never miss a video. i hope to see you here again soon. so until then, have a great day. bye. [Music] you 