hi guys. sci-fi recapped here before we start morning. spoilers ahead. today, i'm gonna explain a thriller, science fiction and the most unsettling series from black mirror seasons two, called white bear. this movie has an unpredictable plot twist. watch it till the end to find out. the movie starts with a woman waking up in pain in a dark room with both of her wrists wrapped up in bandages. she sees pills scattered on the floor and tv displaying a symbol. the woman then goes downstairs. she sees a marked calendar and a photo of her family attached with a portrait of a kid in the frame. as she takes the portrait of the girl, she gets flashbacks from her memory. turns out she lost her memory after she woke up. the woman goes out from her house and sees many people using their phone to film her. she starts to scream and asks for help, but she gets ignored. suddenly, a masked man comes to her and starts to point a shotgun at her. the woman gets panicked, and then she runs from the masked man. the masked man then chases the woman, along with those people who film her. as the woman runs, she meets and asks for help from a man and a young woman that doesn't hold a phone to film her. they run to hide inside a store. after a while, the masked man arrives at their location and starts to break the glass window. at the same time, the young woman is trying to open the back door. after the masked man manages to break the glass, he enters the store and immediately gets detained by the other man. both of the women manage to get out after the back door is open, leaving the place behind. the other man gets shot by the masked man and badly injured. as they leave the place, they meet another masked man going to the store. they run and hide inside a house. the young woman explains to the woman that the masked man is called the hunter, and the people who film are called onlookers. she also says that onlookers are people affected by the symbol displayed on the tv. she calls it the signal. the young woman also says that they need to get to white bear, the place that transmits the signal. when hearing the word of white bear, the woman starts to get flashbacks from her memory again, she finds out that the girl in the picture is her daughter. the woman tries to chase away the onlookers around them, but then they are spotted by the hunter. while they try to run, suddenly, an old man driving a van stops by and asks them to get in. after they get away, the woman, with a confused face, says that she knows the old man, but he said that he doesn't know her. then the young woman asks the old man to drive them to white bear, but he refuses because he says it's not safe. he says that the only safe place for them is the woods, and he'll take them to the woods after they arrive. suddenly, the old man pulls out a shotgun and points it at them. turns out the old man is the masked man from before. he forces the woman to put on the balaclava and then takes them to the hunters would spot. the old man calls the other hunter, and while on the call, the young woman manages to sneak out and leaves them behind. the old man doesn't has time chase the young woman and prepares to torture the woman. the young woman then sneaks back and takes the shotgun to shoot the old man after that, they take the van and leave the woods. while on the way to white bear, the woman tells the young woman that she starts to remember things, the name of her daughter, jemima, and her husband has a tattoo the same as the symbol displayed on the tv. the young woman ignores her and then rushes to go inside white bear. they get inside the transmitter room, and the young woman starts to pour oil all over the room. suddenly the hunters come and attack them. while the hunter focuses on the young woman, the woman takes the shotgun from one of the hunters. she shoots the hunter, but turns out the shotgun is a party popper. suddenly, the wall moves, and a lot of people give applause to them. the hunter locks the woman in a chair, and suddenly the old man from before appears on the stage as the emcee. the old man says that the man from the picture was her fiance, ian rannick. then the old man shows who the woman really is by using news. the woman, victoria skilling, abducted a girl named jemima sykes. jemima's body is found in a local forest, along with her white teddy bear jemima's body was found wrapped in a sleeping bag and burnt. ian tortured and murdered jemima, while skilling held the camera to film it. skilling cries so hard and begs for help, but the audience starts booing her. then she is paraded through the street and returned to the same room she awoke at the beginning of the movie. she is placed in the same position as before, and also all the items that she takes. the old man places a headphone shaped device on her head to erase her memory. after that, the old man marked the calendar on the current date, meaning that they have done this multiple times. at the movie's end screen, it's revealed that the place is an amusement park named white bear justice park. the crew take the role as the hunters, and the visitors take the role as onlookers. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like to help the channel out. thank you for watching. 