[Music]. extinction is a Netflix original science fiction movie starring Michael Pena. the film's plot hinges on a huge twist, and due to the level it subverts expectations - it may leave some viewers confused. throughout this video, I will be discussing the ending of extinction, as well as the events that led up to it. there will be heavy spoilers, and the film is definitely worth seeing for the twist alone, so I highly recommend that you come back to this video if you're yet to watch it. with that out the way, I'm definition, and I ruin the movie so you don't have to. Peter is haunted by a recurring dream that the planet is going to be invaded by deadly aliens, hell-bent on destruction. horrifyingly, the visions come to reality, and the planet begins being attacked by mysterious beings. after overpowering one, Peter comes to the realization that underneath the alien like costume is a young and frightened boy. this ties into the conclusion in which we discover that Peters visions are not actually that of the future, but they are, in fact, the past, in which there was a war between synthetics and humans. we discover that all of the protagonists that we have been following are, in fact, highly sophisticated artificial intelligence. this leads into the backstory in which humans had invented artificially intelligent robots called syntax, which appeared almost identical to them in every way, used initially for all range of menial labor. it doesn't take long for concern to grow amongst the humans, and using the military they decide to attempt to wipe them all out. this, however, fails, and when the synthetics fight back, they beat humanity to the point that surviving humans of the war must flee the planet. at this point, most synthetics voluntary wipe their memories and begin blissful new lives as humans on earth, while a few robots retain their memories and prepare for the inevitable return of human this is where the phone begins. and when the humans do eventually show up, the synthetics flee to safe houses to prepare for the inevitable war. and the film's closed. whilst the movie is rather open-ended, Ben young, the director of the film's stated that if we do go down the path of a sequel? I'd love to hear the human perspective of what went on after they reclaimed the planet. how would they hunt down the synthetics? I'd love to see the narrative continue. and this has definitely piqued my interest to the point that I hope Netflix produces a sequel. one of the biggest questions that you may have when leaving the film is, why do the humans look the way they do? again, Ben Young recently stated that it was very difficult coming up with the costumes designed to show their age. we see a hint of what costumes may have looked like when they were brand new. they've been conditioned and weathered to hell. we began by designing them looking more traditional, and then aged them down. this makes sense, as resources in space would have been so low, humans would have had to keep a hold of anything that they had when they left the planet with and will have been forced to make the best out of what they took when cleaned from Earth. another question you may have had is, why did the robots act so human? in an interview with inverse a, Michael Pena stated that he struggled with the role due to the fact he had to act human to a certain point, but also robotic to the level that the movie would make sense when watched a second time. because they had their memories wiped. it's clear they wanted to hide from themselves that they were, in fact, synthetic. so would have been programmed to a point where they could even fool themselves due to their portrayal of humanity. do you think that actors in the film achieved this? and what are your thoughts on extinction? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, please like it and subscribe to my channel. I create content like this weekly, a little definitely something on here that you love. if you're a fan of film, make sure you check out my breakdown of Mission Impossible fallout at the end of this video for my thoughts on that fantastic film. and thanks again for taking the time to watch this video. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 