hello everyone. this is mr bring junkie here. and today we're going to be talking about alice in borderland, episode 4. the story starts with our sporty female character, queena, and her rabid friend that she met in the park. she plans on keeping her as a pet because she is so damn cute. wait a second, when i said pet, i actually meant lunch. and when i said cute, well, i meant delicious jokes aside, though, she walks down the street and finds arizu lying on the ground. she puts her face close to his, and only hears him say that he doesn't want to live anymore. she seemingly understands what he's been through and leaves him to die. i personally thought she would have had more sympathy, but maybe a little tough love is not what he deserves, but what he needed. but it looks like i was wrong again. queena is, in fact, full of sympathy, as she somehow dragged him back to her hideout and even cooked him dinner. wow, i have to say that she is definitely a wife material but let's keep that between us and not my girlfriend. we find out from flashbacks that miss sporty pens used to have a father that she was quite close to. in fact, he's the one that taught her climbing, as he was a very famous climber himself. unfortunately, gossip about him faking one of his climbs circulated and drove him into suicide. this explains why queena values irisu's life so much. she saw arisu as a good person who is willing to save others. but more importantly, she wishes to prevent him from committing suicide like her father did. she manages to convince arisu to live. since she explains that the will to survive is built into each and every one of us. even if you want to die at the moment, given enough time, you will start feeling hunger and the desire to live on. hence, her cooking for him was so important, as it symbolizes our biological nature to survive. with irisu now part of her team, they arrived at a game location that was in an underground tunnel. this time the game is located inside a bus under the tunnel. and the two meets three other players, with one of them injured in the leg, just like shota was. the game is the four of clubs, a genre that relies on team efforts and combined abilities of intelligence, physicality and cooperation. notice that this is actually not a space game, which is very important, as it is the first mistake that the players made. their instructions were very vague on purpose. they are told to endure the trial while striving for the goal. a time limit of two hours are given, and the game clears only if they obtain the goal, whatever that is. the group right away assumes that, since they came into the tunnel from one end and the game started inside the bus, the goal must be on the other side of the tunnel. i personally would be very careful about assumptions like that, especially when it seems so obvious. i would also think about how exactly the game would kill the players if they failed to succeed, since in every game prior to this one, it was a definite death sentence to lose the game. also, the game never kills anyone with the laser, unless you try to leave or cheat. instead, it uses more conventional ways, such as bomb collars, exploding buildings or burning rooms. this is important because, as of now, there seems to be no end game mechanisms keep this in mind while we continue with the episode. since one of their friend was injured, they tried starting the bus, but it appears to be at a diesel. quina then states that they must now run towards the goal without transportation. because the injured friend cannot move efficiently. he volunteered to stay behind. arisu hesitated to move on, as he believed he is yet leaving another person to die, just like the last game. ultimately, though, the four decided to run towards wherever the farthest distance is away from the bus, as they assume that that is, in fact the goal. as they ran farther and farther away from their start, we see many cars lying around. we need to remember that the reason they didn't try to start those vehicles is because anything with electronics would not have worked, including modern cars. eventually, they arrived at a drinking station with bottles of water, which have been prepared for them. the two strangers hesitate to drink them, as the water may be poisoned. they plan to wait for our main character to try it first. irisu was about to before his female friend stopped him. fortunately, queena prepared a bottle with her prior to the game and she allows arizu to drink first. what baffles my mind is that he then gives it to the other two without letting queena have it first, despite the fact that they were willing to sacrifice him in the first place. like, i understand what happened to you in the last game, but come on. another thing to notice here is that the setup of drinking station is very suspicious. why would the game help the players rejuvenate themselves when it seems so supplementary and unnecessary? i'm pretty sure that the players would, although be very uncomfortable, but nonetheless capable of making the whole trip without water. if they really wanted to help, they should have left diesel in the bus. it almost seems like they wanted the players to believe that what they're doing is, in fact, correct. they continued to run and reached an area without lights. what happens next is very frightening. as two glowing eyes appears in front of them in the darkness, a beast, which appears to be a panther, jumps towards them, and everyone scrambled. eventually it managed to take down one of the strangers while everyone escaped. surprisingly, he sacrificed himself to try and kill the animal by stabbing it repeatedly and telling everyone to run. after even more running and decreasing morale within the group, arisu noticed a motorcycle which ran on diesel, just like the bus. it should have been functional, except it did not have a battery. what he then decided to do was push the bike all the way back to the bus and use the diesel to drive back here, essentially saving the injured person who stayed behind. i understand his motivations, but that's a crazy move. notice that they have ran eight kilometers now, and arasu would have to push a heavy machinery all the way back to a vehicle we're not sure would work, and a person which we're not sure if still alive. eventually, queena and the other stranger arrived at the end of the tunnel and decided to sit and wait until the time is up. personally, i would never feel so comfortable, since it feels like the game is not over yet, as the timer hasn't expired. in the meantime, arasu also arrived at the bus, which he started in. and a shocked expression can be seen on his face as he realized something was wrong. back to our female protagonist. they noticed a weird sound while waiting, and realizes that it was the tunnel buckling under pressure of what seems like water. they immediately sprint the other way as water pours behind them. honestly, at this point i would probably look for any car to get into for protection, since running away from the wave is pretty much impossible. the other stranger trips and doesn't make it. lucky for queena, arasu managed to fix the bus and drove towards her. she jumps into the vehicle just before the wave hits her, and managed to survive. the three gets out and sees a large painting on the side of the bus, which says the goal, confirming that that was, in fact, where they needed to be. the whole game would have been beat very easily. if they were more observant and questioned the nature of this game, they would have found the painting on the bus and realized that it was not a space game where they had to run. this is especially true since they were given two hours to win, which allows for some thinking before moving ahead. the drinking station also should have tipped them off and made them question their objectives. so what do you guys think about this episode? please let me know in the comments below. and if you like my videos, please press like and subscribe for more. i'll see you guys next time. 