[Music]. on Isla Sorna, an island off the coast to rican coast, a young girl wanders around during a family vacation and survives an attack by a swarm of Compsognathus. her parents file a lawsuit against the genetics company in djenne, now headed by John Hammonds nephew, Peter Ludlow, who plans to use Isla Sorna to alleviate the financial losses imposed by the incident that occurred at Jurassic Park four years earlier. mathematician dr. Ian Malcolm meets Hammond at his mansion. Hammond explains that Isla Sorna abandoned years earlier during a hurricane, because we're engine created there dinosaurs before moving them to Jurassic Park on Isla Nublar. Hammond hopes to stop in djenne by sending a team to Isla Sorna to document the dinosaurs, thus causing public support against human interference on the island. Ian, who survived the Jurassic Park disaster, is reluctant after learning that his girlfriend, paleontologist dr. Sarah Harding, is part of the team and is already on Isla Sorna. Ian agrees to go to the island, but only to retrieve her. Ian meets his teammates, Eddie Carr, an equipment specialist, an engineer, and Nick van Owen, a video documentarian and activist. after arriving on the island, they locate Sarah and discover that Ian's daughter, Kelly, had stowed away in the trailer being used as a mobile base. they then watches another Engine team consisting of mercenaries, hunters, paleontologists and Peter Ludlow, arrived to capture several dinosaurs. meanwhile, team leader, Roland Tembo, a big-game hunter, hopes to capture a male Tyrannosaurus by luring it to the cries of its injured infant. that night, Ian's team sneaked Edith Indian camp and learned the captured dinosaurs will be brought to a newly proposed theme park in San Diego. this prompts Nick and Sarah to free the caged dinosaurs, wreaking havoc upon the camp. Nick also frees the infant t-rex and takes it to the trailer to mend its broken leg. after securing Callie with Eddie, ian realizes the infant's parents are searching for it and rushes to the trailer. as soon as ian arrives, the infant's parents emerge on both sides of the trailer. the infant is released to the adults ear X's, which then attacked the trailer, pushing it over the edge of a nearby cliff head. he soon arrives, but as he tries to pull the trailer back over the edge with an SUV, the adult t-rex has returned and devour him. the trailer and the SUV plummet off the cliff. Ian, Sarah and Nick are rescued by the engine team, along with Kelly. with both groups communications equipment and vehicles destroyed, they team up to search for the old engine compounds, radio station on foot. dieter, a men of the engine hunter team, is killed by a pack of Compsognathus. the next night, the two adults see Rex's find the group's camp, as they had followed the infant's blood scent on Sara's jacket. the female t-rex chases the group to a waterfall cave and devours the hunter team's dinosaur expert, dr. Robert Burke, while Roland tranquilizes the male much of the remaining engine team is killed by velociraptors while fleeing through an elephant grass field. Nick runs ahead to the communication center at the Indian workers village to call for rescue. after Ian Sara and Kelly reached the village, they evade Raptors until a helicopter arrives and transports them off the island. a freighter ship transport to the male t-rex to San Diego, but crashes into the dock. after finding the ship's crew killed. a guard opens the cargo hold, accidentally releasing the t-rex, which escapes into the city and goes on a destructive rampage. Ian and Sara retrieved the infant t-rex from engines unfinished Jurassic Park San Diego facility and use it to lure the adult back to the ship. Ludlow tries to intervene, but is trapped in the cargo hold by the adult t-rex and is subsequently mauled to death by the infant. before the adult can escape again, Sara tranquilizes it, while Ian closes the cargo hold doors. the t-rex is are escorted back to Isla. Sorna and Hammond says that the American and Costa Rican governments have agreed to declare the island and nature preserve, securing the island from any human interference. while Ian sets safe at home with his family, the t-rex's are seen grazing with their infant as hammond affirms, life will find a way. [Music] 