welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and we have a huge bit of Man of Steel news coming out of San Diego comic-con. so as of today, we have confirmation that Brandon Ralph, the start of Superman Returns, will be back as the Big Blue Boy Scout in CW's upcoming crisis on Infinite Earths crossover event. Ralph took over the mantle from Christopher Reeve and starred as the titular character in the direct sequel to Superman to you, which was directed by Bryan Singer. now, upon its release, the movie kind of got slammed a bit, and a lot of people said it was very dull. even though it got good reviews, it turned a modest profit, and it's pretty much the reason that DC decided to go so action heavy with Man of Steel. Bryan Singer also diverted from the x-men franchise to make this. so yeah, he kind of ruined two comic book franchises and his own career. but I actually enjoyed Superman Returns, even though I think it really works best when you watch it immediately off the back of the original Christopher Reeves films. so I am quite excited with this news. now, what's so amazing about this announcement is that we might finally get some closure to what happened to the character, as a lot of things will left open-ended, with us kind of being left wondering what would happen to his son, who two possessed his abilities. this will be the first time that Brandon Roth has worn the cape since 2006, so it definitely feels like it's been a long time coming. there's actually already been a reference to his Superman in the arrowverse, when Ray Palmer jokingly said that Supergirl looked a bit like his cousin. so yeah, it's a nice tie back to that as well. now, crisis on Infinite Earths will air in December, in January on the CW. and it's rumored to pay off pretty much everything that's been set up with the multiverse and all of the shows so far. the event is due to take place over five episodes, and it will bring together arrow the flash, Supergirl, legends of tomorrow, as well as Rudd Superman. I'm really excited for this, and I can't wait to see how it goes down. and Ralf will obviously smash it. and I really think that this will be the perfect send-off for the character. it's gonna be pure fanservice, and honestly, I think it'll be amazing. now, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this news. and if you're excited for it or not, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out one of the most savage put downs at a Comic Con ever, which would be linked at the end. basically, it's Anthony Mackie completely destroying some fans. and yeah, it's definitely worth watching. I'll leave that linked at the end. and hopefully I'll see you over there after this. I also just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of Avengers endgame on blu-ray. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel, and give your thoughts on the brand and route Superman news in the comments below. the winner will be chosen at random on August the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from there. whoever get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 