[Music], hi, mystery recap here. today i'm going to explain an american psychological thriller film called shutter island. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. [Music], in 1954, u.s marshal edward teddy daniels meets his new partner, chuck alley, in a ship. they are on their way to the ashcliff hospital for the criminally insane on shutter island. the duo is there to investigate the disappearance of a highly dangerous patient, rachel solando. they are welcomed by the chief security officer. the ashcliff hospital consists of three wards, ward a, nbr, for men and women, respectively, whilst ward sees where the most mentally ill patients. admission to ward c is restricted for everyone. they meet the lead psychiatrist of the hospital, dr john colley. he informs the marshals about the case they were called to investigate. a patient named rachel solando has recently disappeared from the hospital. rachel had killed all three of her children by drowning them in a lake near her house. she had then brought them inside, set them on the chairs and had a meal with them. she still believes that her children are alive. she is highly delusional. rachel's mind has created a false reality to escape the guilt of killing her own children. she has created an elaborated story about the asylum being her house and berkshires, giving everyone around her a role to play in her fantasy. according to her, the workers of the asylum or her delivery men, milkmen and postal workers. the doctor then takes them to check rachel's room to search for clues. the only window in the room is bars, and the doors are always locked from the outside. they have no clue as to how she disappeared. it is as if she evaporated straight through the walls. teddy somehow finds a tiny note she had left. it says, the law of four who is 67. no one in the room knows what the note means. teddy suspects one of the staffs has helped rachel run away. he asked dr kali for the staff's information, but the doctor is hesitant. teddy is now doubtful of his behavior. they then set off to investigate outdoors, but do not find any clue about her. while investigating there the island lighthouse and caves below the rocky mountains catch teddy's eye. back at the hospital, dr kali finally agrees for a group interview. the duo interviews the staff member, but they do not get any useful information about rachel's escape. however, one of the nurses reveals that rachel's primary psychiatrist, dr lester sheehan, held a group discussion before her disappearance, so they demand to meet him. however, dr colley reveals that dr lester has left the island for a vacation immediately after rachel solando disappeared. that night, the doctors refused to provide teddy with the files about the staff's information. this agitates teddy, so he bluffs about wanting to quit the case. at night, teddy dreams of his wife, delores chanal. delores had died in a fire. in the dream, she tells him that rachel is on the island. she adds that a man named andrew lattis is there too, before burning into ashes. the next day, teddy interrogates the patients who attended a therapy session with rachel prior to her disappearance. one of them writes a secret note on teddy's notepad that says run. teddy asks every patient about a guy named andrew lattis. however, every patient seems to get nervous hearing his name. no one admits to knowing andrew. teddy suspects that all the patients have been coached to hide a dark secret. when asked by chuck, he tells him that andrew was the maintenance man who worked at the apartment he and his wife lived in a few years back. in fact, andrew started the fire that his wife died in. teddy reveals that he has specifically picked this case because he knew that andrew is now a patient at ashcliffe hospital. he wants to have revenge. teddy starts to get severe migraine headaches. he hallucinates his experiences as a us. army soldier during the liberation of dachau, including reprisals against the guards. in his hallucination, he sees several men he is killed in a heap of dead bodies. he particularly always looks at the corpse of a little girl in that heap. in the evening, teddy and chuck go to investigate the island itself, but because of a hurricane, they get stuck in a deserted house there. teddy tells him about a man named george noyce who used to be a patient of the asylum. george had pled to an electric chair. rather than being sent back to the asylum. teddy speculates it is because the asylum is conducting some kind of experiments on the patients. one of the reasons he took this case was to collect evidence to show the world the asylum's real motive. he thinks that the experiments take place on ward c so andrew lattis must also be there. when they get back to the hospital, both are given new clothes. in a meeting, teddy hears dr colley talk about the 66 patients of the hospital. he figures that who is 67? written on rachel's note is her asking about the 67th patient of the hospital. but dr colley dismisses his claims and reveals that rachel solando has already been found. shocked, the marshals go to see her, and rightfully so, she is sitting on her bed. she was found by the officers on top of the lighthouse. rachel mistakes teddy for her dead husband, and suddenly becomes very angry when he gets out of there, teddy gets severe migraine headaches. his hallucinations get worse, and he sees himself in front of piles of dead bodies, but this time the little girl is lying with rachel's dead body. she tells him that he should have saved her. he then sees andrew lattis, who apologizes to him for causing the fire that killed his wife. next, a bloodied rachel is with her dead children. he helps her take them out to the lake. he suddenly wakes up from the dream. then teddy's wife comes in through the door to tell him that andrew ladis is not dead. she wants teddy to find him and then kill him. teddy wakes up in the morning and realizes that it was all a dream. the following day, all the electric security system fails due to the storm, giving chuck and teddy a chance to go to the infamous ward sea. there, teddy meets george noyce, a patient in solitary confinement. george tells him about the experiments going on in the lighthouse. he claims that the doctors are experimenting on patients, some of whom are lobotomized. the officials of the hospital knew all this time of teddy's plan to expose them. in fact, they knowingly appointed him for the job. according to george, everyone on the island, including chuck, is in an elaborate plan to declare teddy a patient of the hospital and get him to the lighthouse. teddy now believes that, since lattice is not in ward c he is definitely in the lighthouse. later, teddy and chuck move towards the lighthouse to investigate it. they get into a little argument midway, so they go on different ways. teddy comes across a dead end, so he goes back to where chuck was, only to find his dead body on the ground down the cliff. but when he goes down to check, chuck has disappeared. then teddy finds a cave. inside it is a woman. she introduces herself as the real rachel solando. rachel used to be a psychiatrist at ashcliff hospital, but when she got to know about the illegal experiments done by the hospital, she protested. so she was falsely accused of being insane and was admitted into the hospital. but rachel had somehow managed to run away from there and hide in the tiny cave everyone on the island knows about the experiments. the asylum conducts a surgery on its patients called the trans-orbital lobotomy, where they electrically shock the patient, pull out some nerves fiber from the eyes. according to her, teddy won't get away alive from the island. the next morning, teddy goes back to the hospital. he asked dr colley about chuck, but shockingly, paulie doesn't remember him. in fact, every evidence of chuck's existence is gone. teddy is now distressed. he believes that this is an attempt to make him look crazy. he plans to distract the staff by burning a car to run away to the lighthouse. the explosion successfully distracts everyone, and teddy swims to the lighthouse. he threatens a guard and manages to go on top of it. he finally arrives in the lighthouse. she tries to figure out what experiment is carried out here. when he opens the last room, there is no sort of experiment going on, as he had assumed. dr kali sits in the middle of the room on his desk. teddy confronts him about the real rachel salando. but dr kali is weirdly calm, he tells teddy that he has been a patient of the hospital for two years. now. teddy thinks that the doctor wants to convince him that he is insane to hold him on the island. but dr khali has all the proof. teddy's real name is andrew lattis, and he is an extremely delusional patient of the ashcliff hospital. andrew is, in fact, the 67th patient of the hospital and the most dangerous patient, incarcerated in ward c for murdering his manic depressive wife. dr kali shows him that the names edward daniels and rachel solando are just anagrams of the names andrew lattis and delores chanal, with the same 13 letters. andrew has created another self, edward teddy daniels, to avoid the guilt of his horrendous crime. and to go along with the character of teddy, he has also created a false reality in his brain that justifies teddy being on this island. rachel solando never existed. it was a product of andrew's mind. the past week, doctors had decided to let andrew play out his fantasy in order to bring him back to reality. this is his last chance at sanity, after which he will be lobotomized, as per the court's order. then chuck comes into the room, introduces himself as dr lester sheehan. in reality, chuck has been andrew's primary doctor for two years. now, hearing the truth, andrew gets agitated and attacks dr lester. dr colley calms him by showing him the pictures of his three dead children. one of them is the little girl who is always in andrew's dreams. he finally calms down. he goes unconscious and begins to have a flashback about what actually happened to him and his wife, dolores. in his flashback, we see andrew who came back home from work that day. he was surprised to see dolores had killed all three of their children by drowning them in the lake. andrew blamed himself for not saving the kids, so he shot his wife dead for murdering the children. when he wakes up, he is back to his senses. he admits that rachel solando and teddy daniels are just characters he made up. teddy's wife had drowned their children in the lake near their cabin. and because of this, he had killed his wife. the doctors are satisfied to see he has come back, but is scared because he has relapsed before. some time later, dr lester and andrew are chatting when he refers to the doctor as chuck again. the doctors are disappointed. the warden gestures to the orderlies, and andrew is taken away to be lobotomized. andrew asks dr lester if it would be worse to live as a monster or to die as a good man. a stun lester calls andrew teddy, but he does not respond to the name. the movie ends as we see andrew peacefully going with the officials to be lobotomized. now for the explanation of the movie. the whole movie is from the point of a mentally ill patient, andrew ladies, who thinks he is a u.s marshal investigating a case. andrew's wife, dolores chanel, had always been mentally ill, but he loved her too much to let her go. one day, when andrew came back home from work, dolores had killed all three of their children by drowning them in the lake. andrew blamed himself for not saving the kids this was the reason the girl in his dreams told him that he should have saved her. he shot his wife dead for murdering the children. but andrew's mind could not handle the grief and guilt of his family's death, so he painted himself as edward teddy daniels. in reality, the name edward daniels is just andrew lattis with mismatched letters. and so is rachel solando to dolores chanal. in his fantasy, andrew is still a us. marshal, and his reasoning for being on the island is that he is there to investigate the disappearance of rachel solando, while actually rachel is just a nurse of the hospital. similarly, andrew gave a role to everyone around him to match his fantasy. he painted his doctor lester, as his partner, chuck him finding the real rachel salando in the cave was just a part of his hallucinations. at the beginning of the movie, we see teddy tell chuck that dolores had died in an apartment fire. this is because she had burned their apartment building once before. two weeks prior, andrew had beaten up another ward sea patient named george noyce. so the officials had ordered to lobotomize him. dr colley's last resort to bring andrew back to reality was to let him play the role of teddy for a week. hence, the whole hospital participated in andrew's fantasy. but they are only able to bring him back to his senses for a few hours. however, at the end of the story, andrew doesn't react to being called teddy and peacefully goes to be lobotomized, suggesting that andrew had come back to his senses, but he did not want to live as a monster anymore. that's my explanation for the movie. shutter island. subscribe for more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like to help the channel out. thank you for watching. 