[Music], what is up? YouTube, it's your girl Evelyn. and I am back with a recap of season 1, episode 2, of the l word generation. q, as always, I will be spoiling the entire episode, so please proceed with caution. let's kick things off with bet, it's only cheating if you get caught. quarter we join bet in baby Angelica, at campaign headquarters. it seems bet is still peeved at Ang's school skipping pot vaping adventures with BFF Jordi. so mama B's keeping a close eye on her, and poor Ange is less than thrilled. Bette has a meeting with campaign manager Pierce and newly appointed head of PR, Danny. Danny has taken it upon herself to set up a meeting with felicity Adams, who you'll remember as the woman that had an affair with Danny insists they get a statement from felicity to stay ahead of the scandal. after reluctantly agreeing, bet makes sure Angie will not be in the office when Felicity arrives. and when Felicity does arrive, she and Vette make some serious eye contact through the glass walls of vet's office, before felicity is whisked away by Danny to give her statement tomorrow. Bette speaks at an LGBTQ Center for homeless youth during a televised Town Hall, and hits it out of the proverbial park. she speaks from her heart and even has a touching moment with a teen from the center. while watching the Town Hall, Danny tells Pierce that Bette is clearly at her best when she gets personal. Pierce then cryptically remarks that Danny still doesn't know why Bette is running for mayor. he then proceeds not to tell her. finally, after a long day of campaigning and mothering, Bette decides to take a load off, find a secluded park and meditate in solitude for the rest of the evening. JK, she actually meets her ex boo thang Felicity in the secluded Park in the to hold hands and talk about how much they miss each other. it's Alison Nats first date, and there at Nats place, about to do the nasty, when a super pissed, but still extremely hot GG shows up and makes a huge scene, which ends in her nailing her wedding ring - Nats front door. Alice is in a meeting with some stuffy and network executives. and instead of being praised for her unplanned interview with vet, she is met with disapproval for stepping outside of the tightly regulated, pre-approved content for her show. the stuffy executives decide to leave drew, a successful TV writer, behind to help Alice get the show back on track. unfortunately, she doesn't have much time to react to the news because girlfriend Nats son is sick at school, and neither GG nor NAT can pick him up. with Shane's help, Alice takes care of the nauseous kid and ruins the crockpot in the process, but saves the day. later that evening, Alice expresses to NAT that she wants to be more included in the kids lives and not just an occasional babysitter. which is weird, because Alice doesn't seem to like being around the children all that much. but she doesn't seem to mind being around GG. in fact, the two get to know each other just a little bit better in this episode. Shane spends most of the episode trying to avoid signing for a mysterious package, which obviously contained divorce papers from her mysterious wife, Chiara. unfortunately, rumi Finley unwittingly signs for said divorce papers. after having a tiny Shane meltdown, she decides to drink her sorrows away with Finley at a dive bar. at the bar, Shane meets a flirtatious bartender named Lina and her server girlfriend. tests long story short, there's a good chance Shane is gonna buy the dive bar, turn it into a gay bar or club, and let Tessa and Lina run it. long live the planet. the newly engaged Danny and Sophie are planning their engagement party, and things are going well until Danny casually mentions that she has a new job, working for Bette Porter. understandably, Sophie's upset that Danny made such a huge decision without consulting her first. this is another busy episode for Danny. after her morning spat with Sophie, she is forced to face her father and tell him she's now working for Bette Porter, and, to add insult to injury, that she and Sophie are engaged. needless to say, he does not take either news very well. sofie's whole-ass family comes to the engagement party which is nice because Danny's father is a no-show, and Sophie's family immerses Danny in love and acceptance. and is beautiful to see Sophie and Danny slow dance while staring lovingly into each other's eyes. and they seem to have survived another episode. super adorable and extremely nervous, Micha is on his first date with hot neighbour Jose at a fancy restaurant. during dinner, Jose mentions that he knows Micha is transgender. and Micha instantly clams up. it seems he doesn't like talking about his past before he transitioned. Jose drops it, but during an after-dinner swim, he brings it up again, with Micah responding, I want to tell you everything about my whole life, but I haven't met a lot of people who don't squint and imagine what I used to look like. so I don't talk about it. now I'm afraid to look at you. and Jose perfectly responds with, you can look I'm not squinting. last but not least, is our girl, Finley, who's still squatting at Shane's house, despite Shane hinting that she's definitely overstayed her welcome. when she and Shane hit a local dive bar. Finley tries repeatedly to pick up women, but despite all her big talk, Finley has like zero game. eventually, a kind-hearted soul named Rebecca takes pity on her, and soon enough, Finley finds herself in the middle of getting laid. except, well, in the middle of getting laid, Finley has a panic attack or something similar, and has to put a hold on the coitus. far from a quitter, the very next evening, Finley ditches Sofie and Danny's engagement party and successfully seals the deal with Rebecca, she committed suicide. and that is the end of the recap. thank you so much for watching. tell me, what did you guys think about the revelation that Jani committed suicide, as well as the super-casual way the information came out? once again, thank you guys for watching. don't forget to Like and subscribe. and I'm gonna leave you with a sneak peek of the third episode. I'll see you next week. well, you know, this is that now. it's really good to meet you guys. stop. I didn't say anything on Tuesday. I'm happy to compromise with you. I'm just not about to compromise with your dad. you're not could go get puffy. did she tell you to say that she misses you? I brought two best friends back together. two ex-wives 