listen, how we can explain, i hope so. see, the third season of on my blog premiered this past march, and it's, it's been a show that i've personally really been enjoying. we previously covered the last two seasons in these two videos right here, but they straight up bamboozled us with that new ending, then netflix decided to go on a spree cancelling more shows, and walmart did ps5 orders and decided to blue ball the fans by dragging out the fate of season four. the last two seasons ended in cliffhangers, which, in my opinion, the show runners did a great job following them up with good story lines and not making them feel like gimmicks. but this one was less of a cliffhanger and more a sparta kick off the mountain. this season pretty much revolved around cuchillos, the santos leader, who's been looking for her ex-love, little ricky, along with the roller world money. now she has the crew doing her bidding. it may have not been my favorite season, but i still think it's a solid entry to these characters stories, who i'm still hoping have a good finale. so if you haven't got it, but you're curious, check it out on netflix. shout out to our sponsor for keeping us afloat. and a big spoiler warning, as i break down the season, starting with the best characters. let me explain. [Music]. now, i know this season showcased a lot of daddy issues. you know, the diaz boys had their father come back into the picture. montz's dad cried in her arms. ruby had a bunk with his. but leave it to jamal to be the only one fired by his own pops. the hardest part about a job is getting it. and that's a lesson that you need to learn. honestly, though, he was easily the best character this season. homie's really been the one to keep the crew together through all the ups and downs. it's his journey from season one with roller world that's still going strong all these years later. and the more seasons pass, the more he's growing up. you know, he's not as cartoonish and childish, and he's more determined. you know, even the clapbacks keep getting better with him, cause that [ __ ] be bonkers. and it took three seasons, but hey, my man, my man. finally getting some sexy time. if an admirer wants to get your attention on social media, what should she say in your dms? it's not what she should say, is what she should send. jamal ends up hooking up with a girl who has worse social skills than a homeschooler, but has more things on her schedule than the rock. girl doesn't even have netflix, so she streams sex education on him. it's not you, it's my purpose. but you know, my man's got to be a leader. so no time for distractions between jamal and jasmine. i do think they would make good co-captains if they weren't bickering all the time. but i look, i got a side with jamal, since he is the one who started this. one of the big leads that he has this season is going to the series version of arc music factory, but instead of rebecca black, it's this sarah lynn jr. over here. red bull gives you wings. just kidding. it's the coke. do you have any adderall goddamn jojo's no mamas. if you want to stop being mistaken for the help, stop acting like the help. i really think the season helped jamal come into his own and he's realizing how much value he actually brings to the group and how he can lead. and that's exactly why his ending made me furious. you know, it's not because it's impossible for him to end up on the team. my man's been more animated than the energizer bunnies. i can see him being like a running back, going and going and going down the field. but we know that's not what he wanted to be. that's his dad's dream. what are you doing? i'm getting into character. so to see one of the most honest characters have to play pretend buffoonery. give my man an aolita their spin off. [Music]. the best thing about season three is how well they fleshed out oscar's character, because this man has depth. i'm a little curious as to if we're catholic or spiritual or anything like that, because we got the homeboy jesus up here, right? but then we got a dream catcher. it's like, pick up your mind, dude. i think julio macias has done a great job with the role, showcasing a lot of emotion through a character who's usually delegated as the stiff cholo in the back. you know, but he gets to hit a lot of these beats. there's the struggle he's facing within his community, and trying to bridge the ways of the old with these new whipper snappers we're trying to take over. he wants to make sure that they're still order. meanwhile, they're all just disrespecting him. we've seen him be a guide and a protector. he's been on top. they've had him literally caged. and through all that, he's still able to find moments where he can flip the tension and have some great comedic bits. i don't want to get a ghost. your name is spooky and you're afraid of ghosts. and things also get deep. you know, the worst part about growing up without a father has having to be a father to a brother without ever being a son. i honestly wouldn't mind seeing a flashback episode, just learning more about oscar's past, you know, telling more about how he got to where he is, flesh out his character so we know more of his own needs and desires. because it's after those troubles with his father that ruined his childhood, that then became the troubles with his father that threatened to ruin his brother's childhood, that he finally gets to start anew with the literal, best and only good ending. we saw in that finale. this is the content i like to see. considering he gets sick in real life, i think he's gonna be great. in the last season, we talked about how jasmine was more fleshed out, and that's thanks to jessica, who plays her, who made sure that she was a well-rounded character who they were building up. and i think she'd become an integral part of the group. she has connections, and, you know, she she ends up being in a lot of pivotal moments. like, everybody knows a jasmine, and if you don't know a jasmine, you're the jasmine. that said out of season three is hurting ruby's mind. he starts to fall for jasmine, but she puts him in his place, because there's no time for crushes to be crutches. plus, ruby has a lot more things on his plate this season. he realizes that his parents are going through a rough patch due to the finances that they're struggling with. and he feels the guilt because he knows the medical bills are no joke. and, you know, they kind of came from him. so in order to help pay it off before season 10, he opens up an illegal chicken shop by the pool side. and these fools were really serving up rocks and pebbles to align longer than popeyes. and yet, it's still not worse than what jamal's eaten in the past. come on, give me a slim jim. you're trying to take my protein, bruh. i think you already did. by the finale, we do see jasmine and ruby together walking the grounds of the school, looking like taylor and bruno mars at the grammys. but i just hope they're not using each other as a crutch, you know, especially with that low look that they give. jasmine has the ability to use her genius for good, especially with the positions of power she's working up to. and i can see her being one of, if not the biggest positive influence in free ridge. and i i think ruby needs to become a party planner. is it going to take a while, and we're never going to make it out of free rich and even if we do get out, we'll probably end up offing ourselves like monsei's mom. yeah, but i think it would showcase him recovering from the events in season one, and it would help his family a lot more than making crappy patties they were flipping. [Music], i'm encrypting via vpn to hide our search. virtual private network. i know now you don't have to be getting chased by cuchillos in order to invest in a vpn. because, like jamal and jasmine would advocate, you can never have too much protection, especially now as more people are indoors and spending an exuberant amount of time online, having one can really help you navigate the internet and let you travel digitally. that's one of the big things that it's helped me with. through, uh, all these restrictions that are being imposed, you realize quickly that the world wide web isn't that worldwide. i thought spongebob lived under the sea, but they have a squarepants streaming everywhere on netflix internationally, but not in the states where he was sketched. and we don't even have a date for when that's going to get released over here. on top of that, geoblocking affects more than streaming, since a lot of online stores dictate their prices depending on location and your search history. you know, they bombard you with all those ads after collecting information you may not even be privy to. so vpn can help with scoring better deals, especially as people start getting ready for the holiday season. it's on mobile, it can be used on multiple devices, and there's a 30 day money back guarantee. so if you're interested, head on over to surfshark dot deal, let me explain, and enter the promo code, let me explain, to get 83 off, plus a whole three months for free. so a big thank you to sur shark for sponsoring this video and having our back. unlike now, monsa had a really rough season. and yes, it's a latino show, i say monster, not mom's like throughout she's still dealing with the fallout with her mom. and at one point, even wishes she was dead. and then she actually is. and it sucks because, you know, in the back of her mind, all she's replaying or the final words she said to her. but remember, her mom, in the last season, pulled a jessie. she even kicked out monster to the curb because she didn't know how genetics work. so i can't really fault her for the emotion she's feeling on her mom when her mom was willing to leave and change her name to whitman. but that eventual breakdown does lead to a great conversation with ruby, who, in season two, was going through his own trauma. and now she fears that she's becoming too numb to the pain, you know, has that worried that she's going to be even more emotionless. you're questioning, if you're not feeling he's just still feeling something. now, take all that drama from there, and see that she's still dealing with this boy over here. they spent a lot of the season sexing her up. like at one point, they dress her up like she's gonna be in a charlie's angels movie. and it's all to impress this guy over here. and the whole time, she's struggling between trying to remain in the friend zone with caesar, while at the same time getting friends owned by caesar. it's one of those cases where, as cute as they are together, and they've obviously become the on-screen couple that we've been seeing throughout the seasons, they're both growing just in opposite directions. it also doesn't help that she gets really grouchy. that oscar's always around, and so she's around him. look, i don't know what this was, but, yo, sho, don't ever pull this foolishness ever again for a plot line, ever. oh my god, what? you're pulling a monster. yo, no offense, but i'm offended. as we're ending, i think it's been clear time and time again that monster doesn't want to leave her friends, but she definitely wants to be in a new environment. and i don't think that's a bad thing. people shouldn't be shamed for venturing out to better themselves, but they definitely shouldn't forget where they came from. i mean, she's she's leaving her friends to like dust in the back buffoonery. but in season two they called her out for never leaving, so i guess i i have to respect the commitment, finally. but how are you gonna have a picture of cooper in front of your friends, like this, man? now, i do think the show has done a great job at getting into the mindset of its characters and the circumstances they find themselves in. you know, the sacrifices they have to make in order to overcome and learning the cost of making certain decisions and they do all that with spooky, but little caesar's gotta cut it. i'm usually rolling my eyes with most of the decisions this boy does, but in this season, he tries to reconnect with his dad, who he knows very little of since he was too young when he first dipped on him. but then he gets hit with a big slice of life, you know, his dad takes jamal's job. they don't realize that that's also going to come in with that hood tax has expanded on and david ayer's 2020 feature. and all that pressure gets to him, because he doesn't know who to side with, and he doesn't know which family he wants to lean on. they realize that cuchills has turned on them and has screwed their family over, continues to screw their family over. and they realize that they have to cut guccio before she knives dumb and lil spooky, literally, i kid you not, has his king of the north moments over here. just get out there and find him. we got you, little spooky. [Music]. there is that big heaviness that weighs the season of, are they going to commit this atrocious act? because once you do it, you can't really go back. and we've seen multiple times where a little spooky over here has found himself in that scenario. and it doesn't go through. but luckily enough, it wraps up pretty well, since they find cuchill's body in the woods, which the 19th street guys even burn and bury. but the deeper he continues to get into this world, the more he distances himself from his friends. you don't even get it, just being your friend is a liability. by ruby said, there is no hierarchy on their friendship. and so everyone seems to end up on their own with little spooky running things, looking like lil krillin thinking that he finally found a spot. and the reason i don't like it, it's because you're not supposed to. you know, it's like being mad you weren't smiling. and sophie's choice, the point was to bamboozle, uh. well, those are actually a seasonal drink. well taste this season. now i want to talk about some theories and really just talk about how well the show's been doing. you know, i don't know why it's taken them so long to officially renew the show. on the previous videos that we've made every time we released a video like they would renew that bad boy days, maybe even weeks later. so i don't know if i needed to make this video for it to finally get greenlit. but this is a show where the showrunners have signed multi-year deals, so hopefully they continue this. it topped the list in march for movies that are even in the top 30, and it did better than those. so i think that they're getting down to a matter of figuring out how to pay all the actors their money. i really hope they're able to balance it out so that they can give them a full 10 episodes and not cut back like they did with this last season, only being eight. and i'm not saying that it has to be a perfect finale, be it the fourth or fifth, or however long they go. i just don't want them to bamboozle us like they did with this. you know, i want the characters to be able to at least find some growth, to be able to at least be in a finale, or in a place where they want to find themselves. in season three did have a time jump of two years. so it is going to be interesting to see how they tell the story. you know, we've been learning new things about characters who have been undercover. we've seen some good back and forth happen. and i can see future episodes kind of like jumping timelines as flashbacks, or, you know, stories to fill in that gap. hell, maybe even powerpoint presentations by jasmine. but there's three things that i'm looking forward to the most. one, i'm hoping that they're still all together, and they're just pretending to be separated because of the cuccio situation, and they can't all be together. two, i hope that past storylines find a way to come back, and we're able to learn more about other characters, or even see other characters again. do you think the prophets will ever return? but three, and obviously, the biggest thing that i know is on everybody's mind, it's learning the truth about what abuelita is hiding. because i know she's hiding more than she says. when are you looking at dicks? i'm just kidding. i don't do that at the dinner table. thank you guys for checking out this video, and i'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. big shout out to surf shark again for sponsoring. and i'm just curious to see your guys theories on where you think it's gonna head. you know, there is the possibility that they're gonna have to switch things up for corona, you know, uh, netflix did have that show grand army, and they just added, like, a little cough effect in the back. they added it to a podcast. and i know that's gonna kind of gear where their weather season goes, um. but it's bigger over here, you know, because they kind of skipped a couple of years, so there should be a year where corona would have happened. and, i mean, we're in the midst of it, so they don't even know how long it would last. so i'm curious to see how they're going to interweave that in, you know, because they know that was coming, uh. there's also the idea that they're gonna have some big stars. i know cardi b has been saying that she's been wanting to be in a season, so they could have that. they've been having some great music and a bunch of spots, so i hope that they're able to build it up a little bit more. but i'm curious to know your thoughts on your theories and anything else that stood out to you in this, uh, in this last season, you know, it wasn't, wasn't the best one they did. they did definitely punches in the gut with that finale, and even more so the fact that it's been dragged out. but i'm hoping that they do green lit it, and and we'll be able to get other episodes, even if it's just like a filler episode in between, until things are able to get back up and running. but i'm curious to know your thoughts. let me know your favorite character down below in the comments section. until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and i'll send you a duane's chicken sandwich 