welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your house definition, aka the board Queen. and this video, were breaking down Picard episode eight. our mission is to boldly go where no one has gone before and give our thoughts on the new entry, as well as what could be happening in the future. after last week's trip down memory lane, this episode turn things up a notch with some key players getting big moments. throughout the video, we'll be discussing the ins and outs of the eight episodes plot, it's Easter eggs, and what we thought of it as a whole. we will be engaging with heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to catch the show yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos on the show every week. and without the way, let's get into our breakdown of Picard episode 8. okay, so like all episodes have picaud so far broken pieces. opens in the past. this is 14 years ago, during a ritual of the shock. - oh is leading a ceremony, and she's joined by Nerissa and her auntie, who we learned was the woman that Shoji encountered on the cube. the ritual can send those that go through it mad, but those that don't will gain an ancient wisdom from it. this is the secret of the shack - pretty much all of the group go mad, except for Nerissa, who is the only one that makes it through. now, one interesting tidbit here is that we learned that the Borg cube became broken because they tried to assimilate her Auntie, whose mind shut down the station. as we learned earlier in the season, she was on the last ship to be assimilated. and thus the cube became the artifact in Hugh's office. Eleanor is hiding out, but he has been tracked by the Romulan soldiers, and they confront him. after sending the Fenris SOS last week, seven of nine shows up, and she saves him. Picard in Sochi, finally bored, la serena and arias has a moment that that's a bit like the lady in red one from dodgeball. Raffy confronts Picard over the fact that Agnes was a mole, and for some reason she suspects og of being one too. but, yeah, I don't know where she got that from. and honestly, I did feel like this moment was quite poorly handled. from last week, the Serb made it seem like, due to Rafi being suspected of being the mole that Ria's may end up trying to kill her, he had a thing going on with Agnes and never learned the truth from her. so it did seem like it would add a lot to this episode. however, the tension is stripped away immediately. that plot thread is dropped and completely glossed over. I found this really disappointing, as there's no real conflict from it. and I was expecting a lot more. after asserting that they think Agnes killed Bruce Maddox, the park comes to a standstill a bit, with Picard and Coe trying to learn what's going on. later in the episode, Picard does confront Agnes over it, and quickly he discovers that she did kill Maddox, and that she betrayed them as theorised. Agnes did this because she learned the secret of the shack - and this sent her completely over the edge. Agnes has witnessed the apocalypse, and she brought retribution to Maddox for his melding of synth in organic. she's been through hell and knows that the destroyer is coming and it will end all life. yikes. Agnes does change her mind, though pretty quickly upon meeting shoji. and is to show that perhaps there is hope for those that have been brainwashed by the media or or by political figures. you know, just just a bit of social commentary there. Rafi goes about the ship trying to find out how a unique star system was formed. but her running into different Holograms or with different accents felt like a bit of a sketch show to me, again, that she was getting closer to uncovering the truth behind the Romulan conspiracy, but the tone of it felt a bit out of place with the show for me. through the Holograms, we learn why Rios got all misty-eyed before seeing so gee. they dragged their heels in order to reveal it. but we do learn that Rios's prior captain killed himself, which sent him into a breakdown. during a mission, captain Vandermeer and rios beamed aboard an ambassador and his daughter, Jana, who we learned look like Shoji. they were since, and has since, were banned the order was given by Commodore oh, who put out a black flag directive to kill them. the captain shot them both without question, in cold blood. and this caused Rios to have a big argument with the character, which led to the captain putting a phaser in his mouth. Picaro also goes face-to-face with Clancy and tries to secure a squadron in one of the funniest scenes thus for Clancy, once more gets some of the most unintentionally hilarious lines in the season. and watching her tell Picard to shut the F up killed me. she's the she the best. she's the best. now what I really liked about this episode is that sodium picard really build their relationship throughout the entry. she's tackling with the dilemma over whether she's really who she thinks she is, or if she's just programming everything inside of her. her memories and a past are all secondhand information that have been given to her. but Picard states that she has a true past that lies with data. Picard informs her of her father, and you really get the warmth that John Luke felt towards the character. this relationship has really been the driving force of the entire season. and it's nice to be reminded of that in these moments. there's a touch of survivor's guilty air. and Picard describes himself through data's eyes, almost selling himself short in some ways. Picard admits that he loved data in his own way. and because of his description, so Qi summarizes that he loved him too. aboard the Borg cube. 7m9 and Eleanor go to the bull Queens cell, or think that's what it is. 7:09, says it's now about Hugh said it was. and as we know, the Borg don't really have bedrooms. so this seems more in line with the continuity of the shows prior entries. whilst Nerissa attempts to hunt the two down, seven regenerates the cube and it begins to rebuild itself. they argue over whether to assimilate the Borg once more, and it's definitely one of the most interesting aspects of the episode. seven ends up fusing with the cube and becoming a new Borg Queen. seeing her say, we are Borg is another highlight of the season to me, and she activates the collective. however, Nerissa has a trick of a sleeve. and she ejects them all into space. it really elevates the villain. and I'm glad that she's taken the focus over narak. and she really feels like the true big bad that the season needs. I felt mega sorry for the Borg yet again. and it's not difficult to have sad eyes watching them flow off into the great beyond. now in the first episode, during Picard stream data revealed that he had five queens. this was an impossible hand, but I believe that it actually has a lot of bearing on the show this fall. it is possible that there have actually been five people in the season that could take up the role of the Borg Queen. and this seems to be gaining a lot more weight the further we get into the season. these aren't really in chronological order, but the first Queen was dodge. the second Queen so G, the third jana, and the fourth seven. this means that there will be one more that will fit the role, if the theory is true. and I think that we may learn who this is in the next two episodes. it could be Agnes Raffy, or, well, even IRISA. and it will be interesting to see how this develops, or if I'm just reaching the finale of the episode centered around ERISA being grabbed by the Borg and then transported out there. but it is possible that she could end up being assimilated in some way. most of the plot points come to a head on a Serena, and we learn the truth behind the mystery. in this season. Rafi has discovered that thousands of years ago, the Romulans placed a warning that would show of since are created, then they will destroy all life in the universe. they stated there was a threshold for since evolving, and if this line was crossed, then something terrible would come. the Romulans formed the jack vash whose mission was to terminate all synthetic life. after the creation of sins that rivaled and even surpassed humans, the Romulans sent in how to infiltrate Starfleet to ensign tagged life-forms no matter the cost. this, of course, led to the false flag attack on Mars that forced the Federation to ban all synths. this caused Maddox to flee to an unknown world to carry out his work of melding synth and organic. and Gianna came from this planet and was picked up by the ship that r\xc3\xados was aboard. this planet is where the synth nest is located. and the group decide to head there in order to warn them. back aboard the cube, we see Nerissa and the Romulans evacuate because of the Borg uprising, and seven drops control over the cube. the episode ends with la serena heading out to the nest, and picard reminisces over how much he loved the silence of space. and he and rios discussed their shared history. they come to the conclusion that Vandermeer must have known that Gianna was synthetic, and thus he was able to carry out the orders to kill her. however, it wasn't his fault. it was Starfleet's that brainwashed him. they let fear and their prejudice stop them from being open and welcoming to other life-forms. and I think that the show is trying to comment on how the world views immigration and people from different nationalities. it says that just because things have happened in the past to cause this fear, that it doesn't mean we should go into the future crippled by this thought process. it's a deep conversation that I wish went on longer. however, as Shoji arrives in NZ with them, arriving at the jump point that will hurtle them towards their destination. her compass, which was broken last week, now points directly north, showing that she has finally found her way. just when it seems that they're safe, narak ship appears and follows them, which ends the episode. as for next week, it looks like they're travelling across the universe incredible speed, and that they will be crash landing on the planet. it's difficult to tell exactly what could happen, as the preview is so short, but it looks like Sochi is going home, even if there's a travel ban. Oh, topical. topical here on the channel. anyway, though I feel like this was one of the weaker episodes in terms of certain aspects, such as the Raffi scenes, actually feel like it had some of the best moments in the season thus far. with just two episodes left, I'm really excited to see where things could go, and hopefully we'll get some theories confirmed next week. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on Picard, so comment below and let me know if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and if you've missed any of our breakdown so far, then they're gonna be linked in a playlist at the end. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. and as a thank-you, you get access to content early. if you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at Definition YT or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people or subscribe to the channel. and this month, all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning the Infinity Saga box set is leave a comment and make sure you subscribe with notifications on. the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of March. so best of luck that every only takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace [Music] you 