What is up YouTube, it's your girl Evelyn and as you know we are fast approaching The L Word: Gen Q season 2 premiere. So I thought what better time for a season one refresher and I'm getting a little help from my friend and L Word guru, Ash Silver. Ash has the most in-depth L Word channel on YouTube and she'll be covering the other half of this video. So make sure to check her channel out. She's sweet. She's British And she's got all the L Word dirt. So without further ado here is everything you need to know before season two! *Paris by The Chainsmokers playing* I'm kicking things off with my favorite storyline and the one I'm most excited for. The Dani-Finley-Sophie love triangle. Dani is an emotionally unavailable, rich girl with daddy issues. And Sophie is an emotionally available, not rich girl with daddy issues. So naturally... "I love you and and I really think we should do this. I just want to be your wife." Despite being complete opposites, having almost no chemistry and spending all of season one in a perpetual fight, Sophie and Dani are committed to making it work. "I\'m inviting my whole family to the engagement party. Aunts, uncles, cousins, second cousins... I mean you know it\'s last minute so." Sophie works as a producer on Alice's TV show and Dani is a morally conflicted PR executive. And for more on Dani make sure to check out Ash's video. She goes into detail about Dani's work and Bette and... THAT SITUATION "What\'s wrong?" "I\'m fine. It\'s - it\'s fine. It\'s, um, it\'s not professional." "I think we\'ve moved far beyond that point by now." Enter Finley. Sophie's adorkable fun-loving and laid-back best friend. "Whoa, slow down bro." "Why? It\'s free." Honestly, the two of them have one of the most loving and supportive friendships on the show. "It\'s funny. That\'s very, very funny, thank you." "Oh, you got some baggage bro." "Yeah dude no shit." "All right, come on. I\'ll protect you." Finley spends half of season one courting gay lady minister Rebecca. And the other half of season one sabotaging her relationship with gay lady minister Rebecca. "Okay, so remember this morning when you were wondering if I could get over the whole priest thing?"  "Yeah." "Oh, I can. Because you\'re not a real priest." It's strongly insinuated that Finley has a mysterious traumatic backstory that involves religion. And i don't know about you but I get a little nervous whenever a character on this show has a mysterious traumatic backstory. As Dani and Sophie's relationship continues to deteriorate, Sophie and Finley's bond continues to deepen, And when Sophie has a family emergency it's Finley and not Dani who steps up. Which in turn leads Sophie to pucker up. Sophie and Finley eventually sleep together and the whole thing culminates with Sophie being torn between flying to Hawaii and eloping with Dani or flying to Missouri with Finley to visit her estranged family. *Heartless by The Weeknd playing* Everyone's favorite L Word heartthrob is back on her BS but also not back on her BS? When we first meet Shane she's heartbroken... *That weird Ferris Bueller music playing* Well, mostly heartbroken over her estranged pop star wife Quiara. To distract herself from her heartbreak, Shane buys a crappy bar, renames it Dana's and turns it into Generation Q's version of 'The Planet.' She also sleeps with someone's girlfriend in the process. Eventually, we meet this estranged wife and suddenly all of Shane's pining makes sense. "Ohhhhh okay okay." (meaning: Shane\'s wife is HOT) Turns out Shane and Quiara broke up because Quiara wants children and Shane doesn't. But they got married anyway. Quiara's back because she wants to work things out with Shane and she's also pregnant. But it's cool because Quiara will take care of all those pesky parenting duties and Shane can just take care of Quiara. And Shane goes for it because.... *She Bad by Cardi B &amp; YG playing* Long story short, Quiara has a miscarriage and Shane is low-key grateful. "I didn\'t want this but you showed up pregnant anyway. So what was I supposed to do?" "You could have been honest from the beginning." "I was honest with you." Quiara dumps her and Shane picks up a stray dog, which I assume will teach her about love and responsibility As if she didn't raise her whole ass brother in the original series ...but okay. *Work by Charlotte Day Wilson playing* Remember how Shane slept with someone's girlfriend? Well that someone was Tess, a bartender at the bar Shane purchased. Tess is a former alcoholic party girl, although I can't think of a worse profession for an alcoholic than being a bartender. "Which is why I\'m sober now." "Oh, shit." "Yep, two years." "Cool." "Yeah, I wanted to start remembering stuff. I wanted to feel again." And surprise surprise, she has a relapse. Tess's storyline is fascinating because it seems to be more about self-actualization, forgiveness and healing. Which is different for The L Word but kind of refreshing. Also, she and Finley have sex but it doesn't seem to affect anything whatsoever. And despite the fact that Shane slept with her girlfriend, Tess has become Shane's unofficial therapist which can only mean one thing... *Damage by H.E.R. playing* Last up is Micah who has the most detached storyline of everyone. And not because he's a guy but because his storyline literally doesn't intersect with anyone else's storyline. Although in the season 2 trailer it looks like he might be dating Maribel which i think would be a great way to better weave him into the show. Anyway, Micah dated Dani before he transitioned and he lives with Dani and Sophie now because... Once a lesbian always a lesbian. His storyline revolves around his relationship with Jose, a hot artist who seems like the perfect catch. Jose is sensitive to Micah's needs. He drops the L word after like a week of dating, and he has a husband. "ohhhh okay okay." I'm guessing Jose is gonna have a little explaining to do in season two. And if you want to catch up with Tibette along with Alice and her throuple, make sure to check out Ash's video. And while you're at it give her a follow across her social medias. And don't forget to check out my channel update video over on the community tab for all kinds of fun announcements. That is it for me, I want to give a quick shout out to my newest patrons Jenn and Nicole. *You'll Be In My Heart by Phil Collins playing* As always thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next one. 