once you hit as hard as you can. hi, I'm Luke Ryan for Joe. Blow calm. and welcome to movie endings explained. in this episode, we're going to be looking at the 2016 thriller from Tom Ford, nocturnal animals, based on the 1993 novel, Tony and Susan. the film focuses on Susan morrow, an art gallery owner, played by Amy Adams, who, after almost 20 years, hears from her ex-husband, Edward Sheffield, played by Jake Gyllenhaal, when he sends her the manuscript to a novel he is written. Susan is in an unhappy marriage with Hudson, who she later learns is cheating on her. and throughout the film, she reads the book, which Edward has titled nocturnal animals, which was what he used to call Susan when they were together. this is where the movie within the movie, or the novel within the movie, starts. we see the book, nocturnal animals, play out inside Susan's imagination, where she envisions the main character of Tony as her ex-husband and writer of the novel, Edward. the character Tony has to endure the kidnapping of his wife and daughter by three men on a highway in the middle of the night, powerless to stop the abduction of his family. the deeper Susan gets into the brutal and horrific story, she finds herself becoming heavily affected by the book. she casts her mind back to when she met Edward for the first time in years. as they had known each other in their youth, they sparked up a romance, which Susan's mother objected to, insisting that Edward is not driven or ambitious and that he wouldn't be suitable as her husband. Susan goes against her mother's wishes and marries Edward anyway. but eventually their marriage dissolves when Susan grows frustrated with Edwards aspirations of being a writer, as she isn't a creative person and can't quite relate to his passion. it creates a rift between the two that gets blown apart when Susan cheats on Edward with Hutton, who represents the successful, alpha male type the Edward could never be. Susan likes that Edward is sensitive and romantic, but she's decided that's not what she is interested in anymore. Edward wants to make it work, but Susan commits leaving him, even having an abortion to ensure that there's no way for Edward to remain a part of her life. now in the present, Susan seems to be living a rich but empty life. the sparse, minimalist surrounding she spends her time and seem to reflect how devoid of warmth and empathy her life really is. as she continues to read Edwards book, the grim story unfolds into even darker territory. as Tony discovers that his wife and daughter have both been raped and murdered by the men. a police detective played by Michael Shannon, Bobby, who is terminally ill, wants to help Tony get revenge, as he recognizes the injustice of the situation, as the men can't be prosecuted. one of the three has already died in a robbery, leaving Bobby to go rogue with Tony to hunt down the last two remaining men. Bobby shoots the man called Liu, and Tony is left to face Rae, who admits to raping and murdering his family. Tony shoots Rae and is taken down in the process with Rae dead. Tony awakes severely injured and meets his final fate accidentally falling onto his gun, which fires off. Susan is reeling from finishing the novel and arranges to meet with Edward. she prepares herself for dinner, dresses up nicely and goes to reunite with the man she hasn't seen in so many years, who she wronged so heavily, and who might now provide her with the substance that's been missing from her life. she waits for him at the restaurants, and she waits and she waits. you the film is essentially a revenge story in two parts. the first part is the book nocturnal animals that acts is almost a Trojan horse for Edwards revenge against Susan. she doesn't realize it, but he's telling her how he felt when she betrayed him, when she cheated on him and aborted their child. it's an extreme metaphor, and perhaps that masks how obvious it is. but the book following Tony having his wife and daughter ripped away from him is how Edward felt about losing Susan, and also his unborn child. Susan took everything away from Edward when she left him. and emblematic of this was her belief that he wasn't a good enough writer, that he had to stop writing about himself to be successful. Susan even cuts her finger on the manuscript before she's even fully opened it, a foreshadowing of how deep Edwards words are going to cut. the second part is how Edward has manipulated Susan into having feelings for him again, to show her the kind of talent he has, the talent she dismissed all those years ago, to profoundly move her with his art. she talks about how she isn't an artist, that she isn't creative, but that she simply sells art. in reading nocturnal animal, she becomes absorbed by the story, even seeing a daydreaming flash of one of the murderers ray when she's at work. by the end of the book, she remembers everything about Edward that she initially fell in love with, which she had already been reminiscing about. she's accepted that Hudson is now cheating on her, and feels the same scorn the Edward must have when she did the same thing to him. by going to me Edward. Susan maybe felt that he could save her meaningless life. she has become a person of style without substance, living in a loveless marriage and partnership for show. but Edward stands her up. and it's likely that this was his plan all along, to hook Susan, to make her care about him again, to force her to feel all of his pain in all of its gory detail, and then leave her without a resolution. in the book, Tony is very much like Edward. and Edward would know that Susan would imagine him in the lead part, as he's the writer. Susan had looked at Edward in the past as if he was weak. and Tony is portrayed as a very weak individual who was helpless when his family is ripped away from him, much how Edward felt when Susan abandoned him and aborted their child, helpless. maybe Edward wanted to make Susan understand that it felt like he died alone in a desert when she left him. or maybe he wanted her to feel like he wishes he could shoot her with Ray as the analog for how she treated him, calling him weak and taking away his family or maybe he simply wanted to entice her enough to want to meet him again with a brilliantly written and haunting piece of art, just to leave her hanging to gain his last revenge. we even see the word revenge on the wall where Susan works, which is a little bit on the nose for my liking. but hey, if there was ever any doubt what this movie was about, there it is. but perhaps that wasn't the complete intention of Edward. perhaps he realizes what Susan has become so far removed from the woman he fell in love with. the book was a message, and it was up to Susan to react to this. when he agrees to meet Susan after she finished reading the book, he tells her to name the time and place. she picks a fancy, upmarket restaurant, one that fits her lifestyle and image. maybe this tells Edward that the message he was sending her through the book hadn't changed her in the slightest. if Susan had chosen somewhere more quaint, like the restaurant where they had had dinner and fallen for each other before, he may have gone to meet her, but her materialistic ways have a firm grip, and she chose a place that fits that lifestyle. there's many ways you can look into the ending of nocturnal animals, and some people prefer to look at it as a hopeful ending. susan has now learned something by him standing her up. and maybe that was his plan all along. maybe it was a gesture for her to unlock a part of her life that she had neglected for so long. and it'll help her to move on, as he is also planning to move on, in writing the book and exercising those demons. personally, I still think it was a straight revenge story. and as horrible as Susan was to Ed, does that still justify what he did? susan was arguably already unhappy and rotting in an empty existence. but then again, maybe that's why he waited all those years, just to make sure his particular dish of revenge was served ice-cold. [Music]. you 