[Music], welcome to screen crush. i'm ryan airy. it's hard to believe, but when one division is released this year, it will have been 559 days since we last stepped foot in the marvel cinematic universe. because i'm assuming agents of shield no longer counts an alternate reality. but since it's been so long, you might need a refresher on who these characters are and how they're going to come together. and even if you don't need a refresher, wouldn't it just be fun to think about the old times? so let's start all the way back at the creation of the universe, when six stones appeared out of the ether that embodied the fundamental facets of the universe. how was time? these stones were scattered across the cosmos to become mcguffins at a later date. that's not important right now. roughly 10 billion years later, a brilliant young college student named tony stark begins to invent artificial intelligence. now one of these ai will become jarvis, his personal assistant, who will help him with his job, which is build weapons for money. then, of course, tony has a near-death experience and stops making weapons to kill and instead makes a single killing weapon for his own pleasure. yeah, i can fly. he becomes iron man. there are other superheroes too, like thor, a really old, powerful alien with a god complex. you people are so petty and tiny. his dad, odin, was an expert in these infinity stones, even hiding one on earth. hang on to it in a little while. i'll come get it when i need it. that is the space stone, which was briefly used by a nazi science cult before being swiped by an alien scientist named marvel. she used the space stone to create a special light speed engine. but marvel was killed by one of her own kind, and the space stone's energy flowed into her protege, carol danvers. carol would later become a hero called captain marvel. and this little girl, monica rambo, would help her pick out the colors of her costume. fresh. but back to odin. he's a terrible father to thor's adopted brother, loki, your birthright? what's today? and because daddy didn't love him enough, loki tries to steal the throne of asgard, but thor stops him with the help of a few earth scientists, including a woman named darcy lewis, all the answers you seek will be yours once i reclaim your name. what's miami? later, loki will act out again and try to conquer earth. but see, loki's actually working for this dude, thanos. thanos is an eco-terrorist from space. your planet was on the brink of collapse. i'm the one who stopped that. he's trying to gather all the infinity stones into one magic power glove so he can kill half the life in the universe. yeah, well, uh, just keep your power gloves off her pal, huh? instead of just creating more food for everybody. not a great plan, he sends loki to earth to capture the space stone, but thanos also gives loki the mind stone hidden inside the scepter. all the superheroes band together and become a team called the avengers. and they hand the scepter over to a spy agency called shield. but then it turns out the good spy agency shield, was secretly an evil spy agency called hydra. so the avengers are going around mopping up hydrocells and causing a lot of international resentment towards super people. hydra agents have run off with the scepter to use it for experiments that some would consider to be a not true. they're trying to use the stone's energy to create their own super people to combat the avengers. so this brings us to sokovia, a tiny european nation that's always being invaded by someone. it's like the kiev of comic book movies. two sokovians have particularly suffered from this endless war, wanda and pietro maximoff. their parents were killed by one of tony stark's bombs. on the side of the shell, he's painted one word, it's dark. which goes to show that over branding is a bad idea. tony, meanwhile, is worried, sick about another alien invasion. he has ptsd nightmares and creates robots called the iron legion to help keep the peace. i see a suit of armor around the world. but even so, vulnerable avengers, like arrow guy here almost die. luckily, this nice woman has invented artificial tissue that can heal him up lickety-split. when the avengers attack the last hydra stronghold in sokovia, they encounter the maximoff twins. you didn't see that coming. each of them now has the abilities of different infinity stones. pietro has super speed, while wanda has the powers of several different stones, reality, mind and time. or put another way, he's fast and she's weird. so wanda messes around with tony's mind and shows him a future where the avengers are dead and earth is being invaded by aliens saved us. so to protect the earth, he decides to use the mind stone to kickstart his other ai program from college. ultron is to bring about world peace. but for some reason he decides that means he's got to turn evil and kill the avengers. there's only one path to peace, the avengers extinction. i mean, typical movie ai, am i right? and so he steals the mind stone. ultron recruits the maximoff twins to help him fight the avengers. meanwhile, he buys tons of the strongest metal on earth, vibranium. so ultron uses the mind stone to order this nice lady to make him a new body made of artificial tissue. and the whole thing is fused together with vibranium. the vibranium atoms aren't just compatible with the tissue cells, they're binding them his plan is to transfer his own mind into this body by using the mind stone, which is the same object that originally gave him consciousness. i can read him, he's dreaming. but then wanda touches this cradle and sees ultron's master plan to lift her entire country into the sky, drop it, kill billions of people and leave him as the superior life form on earth. now this understandably freaks her out, so she and her brother join the avengers and help them steal the cradle away from ultron. so tony, getting those crazy ideas of his, decides to try making an ai all over again, but this time putting his butler program jarvis, into the synthetic man that ultron created. you want me to help you put jarvis into this thing? and it works, creating an entirely new being that thor names the vision. i've had a vision. and that's because he saw him in a vision after he took asgardian peyote and had a schvitz with some invisible space witches. that's not important right now. so now the vision has all sorts of weird powers. he can fly, change his density, create capes, change his appearance and shoot laser beams from the mind stone. he earns the avengers trust by being worthy to lift thor's hammer. so wanda, who's really new at this, freaks out during the battle. she's not sure if she can make it. and then arrow guy gives her a william wallace pep talk, but if you step out that door and tell our enemies you are an avenger. okay? so the entire team is able to defeat ultron at the cost of sokovia's capital city and phrase life. afterwards, captain america leads a new team of avengers, which includes the vision. and wanda, following the death of her brother, she becomes close to the vision. these two weirdos with ties to the infinity stones, find out that they have a lot in common. i used to think of myself one way, but after this, i am something else. do you know, i don't know what this is. one day, who knows, i may even control it. but this new team is still pretty green. and wanda loses control of her powers, killing a bunch of innocent civilians. afterwards, the world governments ask the heroes to sign the sokovia accords, which gives the world security council full control over everything that superheroes do. tony riddle with guilt over creating ultron signs the accords, while captain america refuses, if i see a situation pointed south, i can't ignore it. and the avengers fight amongst themselves. i'll give you a topic, gun control, metaphors and blockbuster films. unfortunately, wanda and the vision choose opposite sides, and they're forced to fight one another. but when wanda is injured, vision loses control of his powers and near mortally wounds tony's bestest friend. i became distracted. i don't think that was possible. neither did i. so cap's team surrenders, so cap has time to get away. one of these heroes, ant-man, goes on house arrest, where he has to constantly outwit an fbi agent named jimmy wu. i'll be seeing you again where, like, in general. i'll see like the next time you. captain america helps all the other heroes, including wanda, escape. so they go on the run. while vision is one of the two remaining official avengers, but he and wanda start sneaking off together in secret. two weeks ago, vision turned off his transponder. the two of them share a bond through the infinity stones. he wears one on his head. and her powers are linked to all of the different stones. i just feel you that's why she displays the powers of several of them all at the same time. for instance, her energy looks like the ether. she destroys objects like the power stone. she affects people's minds, shows thor a vision of the future. and, as we'll see later, can feel vision's presence in the afterlife. but then thanos sends his action figures to retrieve the infinity stones, which means they would have to kill the vision. so vision asked wanda to use her powers to just destroy the stone, which would prevent thanos from getting it. that's too high a price. instead, the heroes work out a way to detach vision from the stone, thereby keeping him alive and allowing wanda to destroy it. so thanos's forces attack. the clock is ticking, and they fail to separate the stone from vision, and wanda is forced to make the ultimate sacrifice. i just feel you, killing her beloved to save the universe. but then thanos shows up and is like, oh, that sucks, lady. i really feel for you. i understand my child. but then he's like psy uses the time stone to reverse time, bring the vision back to life and rip out the stone, killing him. then he snaps his fingers and kills off half the franchise, including wanda. no, no, no, no. five years later, the other avengers successfully resurrect the people who were snapped away, and wanda gets to unload on thanos, you took everything from me. so then the entire marvel cinematic universe bands together a symbol, and tony snaps away thanos at the cost of his own life. ultimately, half the avengers die or retire. and at tony stark's funeral, wanda implies that she can still feel the vision's presence even though he's dead. she knows they both do. well, that catches us up on everything you need to know before one division. if there's anything you think i should have left in, add me on twitter or let me know in the comments below. and if it's your first time here, please subscribe for screen crush. i'm ryan airy. [Music]. you 