[Music], thirty years after the destruction of the second Death Star and the Galactic Civil War, the first order has risen from the Fallen Galactic Empire and seeks to eliminate the new republic. the resistance, backed by the republic and led by general Leia Organa, opposes them. while searching for her brother, Luke Skywalker, resistance pilot poe dameron, meets village elder lor san tekka on the planet jakku to obtain a map to luke's location. stormtroopers, commanded by the mysterious kylo Ren, destroy the village and capture poe, while ren kills teka, Poe's droid, bb-8, escapes with the map and encounters a scavenger named array near a junkyard settlement. ren tortures power using the force and learns of bb-8. mysterious stormtrooper fn-2187 frees Poe, and they escape in a stolen TIE fighter. Poe names fn-2187 Finn. they crash on jakku. finn survives, but he believes that Poe was killed in the crash. Finn encounters rey and bb-8, but the first order tracks them and launches an airstrike. finn rey and bb-8 flee the planet in the Millennium Falcon, which they steal from a junkyard. the Falcon is captured by a larger ship piloted by Han Solo and Chewbacca, looking to reclaim their former vessel. two rival gangs seeking to settle debts with Han board an attack, but han and his allies flee in the Falcon. the gangs inform the first order at the first order Starkiller base, a planet converted into a super weapon that harnesses energy from stars. Supreme Leader, Snoke, orders general Hux to use the weapon for the first time. Snoke questions Ren's ability to deal with emotions relating to his father, han Solo. Ren says, Solo means nothing to him. the Falcon crew views bb-8 SMAP and determines it is incomplete. han explains that Luke attempted to rebuild the Jedi Order, but exiled himself when an apprentice turned to the dark side, destroyed the temple and slaughtered all the other apprentices. the crew travels to the planet takodana and meets with cantina owner Maz Kanata, who offers assistance in getting bb-8 to the resistance. Rey is drawn to a vault on the lower level and finds the lightsaber that once belonged to Luke and his father and and Skywalker. she experiences disturbing visions and flees into the woods. Maz gives Finn the lightsaber for safekeeping. Starkiller base fires and destroys the Republic capital and a portion of its fleet. the first order attacks takodana in search of bb-8. han, Chewbacca and Finn are saved by resistance x-wing fighters led by Poe, who survived the earlier crash. Leia arrives at takodana with c-3po and reunites with han and Chewbacca. meanwhile, Ren captures Rey and takes her to Starkiller base. however, when he interrogate her about the map, she is able to resist his mind-reading attempts. discovering she can use the Force, she escapes using a Jedi mind trick on a nearby guard at the resistance base. onto car. bb-8 finds r2d2, who was being inactive since Luke's disappearance. a Starkiller base prepares to fire onto car. the resistance devises a plan to destroy the super weapon by attacking a critical facility. Leia urges Han to return their son alive using the Falcon. Han Chewbacca and Finn infiltrate the facility, find Rey and plant explosives. han confronts rent, calling him by his birth name, Ben, and implores him to abandon the darkside. Ren refuses and kills Han, and raging Chewbacca, who fires and hits ren. he sets off the explosives, allowing the resistance to attack and destroy Starkiller base. the injured ren pursues finn and rey to the surface. a lightsaber battle between ren and finn and Sue's leaving finn badly wounded. ray takes the lightsaber and uses the force to defeat run, before they are separated by a fissure. as the planet begins to disintegrate and implode, Snoke orders Hux to evacuate and bring ren to him to complete his training. Rey and Chewbacca scape with Finn and the Falcon onto car. the resistance celebrates, while Leia, Chewbacca and Rey mourn Hans death. r2d2 awakens and reveals the rest of the map, which Rey follows to the oceanic planet rock to she finds Luke and presents him with the lightsaber. [Music], 