welcome to loki. episode 3, crammed. before deploying the time bombs, female loki had extracted the time keeper's location by implanting herself, inception style, into the memories of hunter c20, and quitting her over some margaritas as friends and stepping straight back into the tva. she's almost made her way to their elevator before our loki catches up and tries to get a read on whether or not they could work together. but they're met by mobius boss, judge renslayer, who is happy to erase for both of them in one go, causing loki to use the doorway temp pad for a quick exit across time and space, managing to land them on a pre-apocalyptic planet of lamentis one a palmer violet that's soon to be destroyed by its own moon. but the temp pad has run out of power, and loki needs his variant other half to juice it back up. she, in fact, calls herself sylvie and realizes she can't use her enchantment to control our loki, who's keeping hold of the device. they rub each other the wrong way for a bit, before she explains that he's just interrupted a plan that was years in the making. so seeking a power source, they head out to the nearest town, where loki is surprised to learn she was going to tear down the tva and just walk away instead of filling the power vacuum with something like his own leadership in their place. silvie is more of a brute force type of girl, while loki prefers cunning and guile where possible. but despite a couple of blastings, they at least hear about a planetary escape ship that should have the energy source needed to repower the pad. so they sneak their way onto a train to the ark with a mix of deception and enchantment to get on board. and once settled into first class, they take a moment to compare past. sylvie has always known she was adopted, and taught herself the enchantment ability to enter minds and control them, whereas loki had fought himself in asgardian for most of his life, but had learned powerful magic from his mother. they also confirmed they're both bi but don't seem to have ever found true love. without much else to do on the trip, loki has a few drinks and a sing-song, which calls the attention of the trained security, leading to a fight where he's not totally sober and eventually thrown out of a window, forcing sylvie to join him for the sake of the temp pad. but it got destroyed in his tumble, seriously pissing her off. according to the sacred timeline, nothing made it off lamentis 1 before it was destroyed. but they planned to change that by making sure the ark escaped successfully, this time with them on board. on the way, silvie explains how enchanting hunter c20 was more troublesome than some because her mind had been clouded, making her reach far back into her memories as a human before she became a tva agent, which surprises loki because nobody in the tva thinks they even existed before the timekeepers created them. it looks like all the tva agents are former timeline variants with their memories blocked. so they make it into the town that looks like a laser quest arena nightmare, and head for the ark, but debris from the moon is causing chaos and destruction everywhere, and the whole place is coming down around them. with the loki's both managing to stick together thanks to their both being highly capable, and also because loki's actual magic powers are no joke when he's keeping focused. but in the middle of the destructive chaos, the ark escape ship is destroyed before they can reach it. oh my god. so thanks a lot for watching. and hit that subscribe button. you lovely variants. i'll see you next time. and take care. 