hello and welcome to movies in five minutes or less. this is a recap of the 2018 horror film, a quiet place, starring emily blunt. warning, spoilers ahead. the majority of earth's human population has been wiped out by extraterrestrials with hypersensitive hearing, who attack anything that makes sound. the creatures have armor-like skin that protects them from bullets and explosives. in a deserted town, the abbott family, evelyn, lee, deaf, teenage daughter, regan, and younger sons, marcus and beau, silently scavenge for supplies. they communicate in american sign language while walking barefoot outside. beau, four, is drawn to a battery-powered space shuttle toy inside a store, but lee takes it away because of the noise it would make. regan gives the toy back to bow, along with the batteries that his father removed. beau activates the toy, causing a nearby creature to attack and kill him. one year later, regan is still haunted by guilt over her brother's death, and evelyn is nearing the end of her pregnancy. lee is attempting to establish radio contact with the outside world. while also researching the creatures for a weakness. he tries to restore regan's hearing by upgrading her cochlear implant with scavenged amplifiers, but the devices are ineffective. later, he takes marcus to a waterfall to teach him how to fish, while regan pays her respects to beau's grave. when a louder background noise mask their voices from the creatures such as waterfalls, lee explains that it is safe to talk. regan blames herself for beau's death, according to marcus, and she needs her father to tell her that he still loves her. evelyn goes into labor while alone at home. she accidentally steps on an exposed nail on her way to their basement and drops a picture frame, alerting a creature to alert the others. she flips a switch that turns the house lights red and tries to remain silent during her contractions. when lee notices the lights, he tells marcus to set off fireworks as a distraction. he tracks evelyn down in their improvised soundproof basement, where she is hiding with their newborn son. lee departs in search of their other children, evelyn discovers that her basement has been flooded due to a broken water pipe, and that she is trapped inside with a creature atop a grain silo. regan and marcus seek refuge. marcus inadvertently enters, and the shattered door draws the creature's attention away from evelyn, causing it to turn its attention to the siblings. regan rushes in to save marcus, but she sinks into the corn and almost chokes. marcus comes to her rescue, and regan's cochlear implant responds to the creature's proximity by emitting a high-frequency sound that repels it while also injuring her ear. the kids are able to flee and reunite with their father, while the siblings hide in a pickup truck. the creature reappears. woundingly, marcus calls out to his father, drawing the creature's attention. lee makes a self-sacrifice for the sibling's safety, then yells to attract the creature to him, killing him. regan and marcus retreat to the basement after rolling the truck down a hill to escape and reunite with their mother, when the creature reappears. regan, realizing that her implant sound disturbs it, places the device on her father's microphone, amplifying the feedback. the creature, painstakingly disoriented, reveals the flesh beneath its armored head, allowing evelyn to fatally shoot it. two creatures are attracted to the noise of the shotgun approaching the house, according to the family's cctv monitor. now that they've discovered their weakness, evelyn nods to reagan and reloads, ready to take on the creatures. thanks for watching movies in five minutes or less. don't forget to subscribe to our channel. till next time, 