welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. Avengers endgame is the perfect finale for a franchise that has spanned 22 films over the past 11 years. and out of the 14 million possibilities that Doctor Strange saw, this is by far the best one that we could have got. however, there are still a lot of questions surrounding the film. and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down one of the main ones that I've seen, which is, how did Steve Rogers return the soul stone? throughout this video, I'll be discussing the possible theory surrounding this and giving my own opinion on it. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen Avengers endgame yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off. now, with that out the way, thank you for clicking this video. I hope you enjoy it. now sit back, relax, and let's get into my Steve Rogers mission explain breakdown. at the end of Avengers and game, Steve Rogers journeys back through the quantum realm. in order to return the Infinity stones for the specific points that they were snatched. whilst we learn that Steve never returned and instead remained in the past till about the rest of his life with Peggy Carter, there are still some questions that hover over this mission. the main one that I've seen is, how did Steve return the soul stone? well, there are several ways and possibilities that you could have done this. the first one being that Steve is in possession of the space stone. those who've seen the First Avenger will remember that upon touching the tesseract, red skull was transported to Boromir in order to act as a guide for the soul stone. with a bit more knowledge on how the space stone works, Steve could no doubt use this same method to travel to Boromir and return the soul stone and use the space one once more to journey back. I would happily sit through another three hours to see the meeting of red skull and Captain America again, but I guess that maybe for another movie. there's also another possibility for this. remember, Steve is also in possession of Mooney. Mooney, a male Thor's hammer. I don't know how to pronounce it. he's in possession of Thor's hammer, so therefore he has the ability of flight. couple this with Heimdall's constant watching eye, that's a bit like bran stock, who hopefully isn't the other stock to die this and he could have been instrumental in picking him up and bringing him to Asgard where he could return the hammer and also rehouse the space stone in the tesseract. with the Asgardians help, he could travel throughout space and journey back to the soul stone this way, or simply leave it with the Asgardians to return. in the film, the Pym particles are said to give the user a round trip. so this means that Captain America could have made a full journey to every dimension that the Avengers traveled to, without having to physically journey there himself, thus meaning that he could have just walked to each point, and each trip could have just taken an hour. this is probably what most likely happened, as it would have avoided coming into contact with those that may have caused the time paradox. the most likely journey would have been first to 2014 to return the power and soul stone, and then 2012 for the mind in time stone, before finally travelling back to 1974, the space stone, where he could have reunited with Peggy for that final dance, which have seen many people say. personally, though, judging by the cause and landscape in that scene, I think the 70s was when Steve grab more Pym particles and returned to the 1940s, just in time for that final dance that left everybody crying, but not me. a prompt, a promise, that's just, that's just dust up. and that Steve's journey. is how I see it. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on Steve's mission. and if you have a different theory, then comment below and let me know. if you love this video, 3000, then make sure you give it a thumbs up and check out my full ending, explained breakdown on the film, which would be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like it, subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 