i feel like in light of everything going on with the pandemic over time, it's not unexpected to wish there was a safe haven where it couldn't reach. now imagine that being part of the end of the world, and you have to search for that safe haven with strangers, which you start to question your companions. i know i would. and that's exactly what 2009's carriers is about. spoiler alert, this is just my opinion of the movie, and so, by all means, go watch the film for yourself and let me know what you think about it. links to the video are in the description. i can already tell this movie is going to start off with some sort of tragedy. the tone is too sad. we open up to three friends driving down a desert highway. brian is our driver. his brother dany is in the back seat. bobby is brian's girlfriend in the front, and kate is their friend. ah, warm beer tastes like piss. ah, nice to know that chris pine carries over his charming personality from star trek to bonen fabonan. i'm appearing before you as a neutral representative. fun fact, while this film was filmed in 2006, paramount decided to wait to release this film until after chris pine found success in star trek, which was released in 2009. i'll read the map. can you it has actual writing on it. the delivery of that burn was effortless, and i love it. yeah, no, don't even slow down. you don't pick up hitchhikers that block the road like that. think about it. i feel like everyone was kinda like this over the past two years. after the group goes around the crazed dad in his car, the group continue on their way. apparently they aren't gonna make it too far. though. as dany's voice narrates the rules they live by, it's clear that the world has been ravaged by a deadly disease that's highly contagious. once you get it, it's the end for you. you follow them, you live. maybe that maybe isn't a comforting maybe, but considering the other option is death, i guess i'll take it. after the group deliberates, they realize that they don't have a way to fix the car, and they are almost out of options. the only option left is to go back to the data in his car and try and convince him to help them. you know, this guy is just laughing internally watching them walk back with the gas he needed in the first place. on a side note, the masks they wear here are actually just dust masks, which are used primarily for construction. they actually don't prevent airborne viral or bacterial agents from getting into someone's system. so these masks would actually be useless in this situation. frank holloway, calloway, he means well, but i doubt anyone is gonna be shaking his hand. after brian tries to take the vehicle at gunpoint, frank explains that the vaccine has been made for the virus, and he plans to take his daughter jody there no matter what. after a little deliberation, the gang comes up with a plan. good old, trusty duct tape. i don't think there's any other universal tool found in movies to save the day. after the gang gets the new car sanitized and ready for their journey, they continue driving for a potential vaccine or a safe haven, at least. after some back and forth between everyone, they come to another car on the side of the road. that scare was even more of a scare because of the fact that we don't know the rules for this virus being spread is it airborne? is it bodily fluids? is it zombie rules? later that night, the gang sets up camp for the night. well, this can be any good. if they've got enough ammo to spare. just shooting the air, i'd imagine they mean trouble. the gang quickly puts out the fire and gathers in silence to see what the fuss is about. luckily for them, that's all he wanted. they weren't spotted, and one man leaves with the body. the next morning, the gang drives through what looks to be a fresh ghost town. the group makes their way to the school that was doubled as an emergency hospital, but no signs of life could be found the whole wing. we haven't checked yet. these are not the people you're looking for. turn. run, get out of there. all right, i'm big enough to admit i was wrong about the creepy kid. maybe no, i was right. it turns out that the serum they had only worked partially. patients still died, and those that didn't yet were simply suffering. the doctor went to kill the kids that were left, but frank couldn't stand to just watch it happen. sometimes choosing life is just choosing a more painful form of death, don't well, that's a terrible yet true thing to tell a man whose daughter is sick in the car outside, speaking of jodius collapse in the back of the car, and she desperately needs her oxygen. normally, her father would do it, but since he isn't there, bobby decides she's gonna help. just go on ahead and get in the back with her. you might as well give her oxygen at this point. but bobby covers up the seal and wipes away the blood on her as she pretends like everything's just fine. once frank and jody get out of the car to go to the bathroom, brian throws their stuff out and leaves them behind. as brian tries to apologize to bobby, bobby continues to keep her distance since she doesn't want to infect anyone else. well, it almost didn't. that was a great catch though. later, as the four friends are screwing around on the golf course, brian and his shenanigans get him down in the sand trap, where he tries to get bobby to join him. well, that makes two infected. now, maybe i still don't know the rules for transmission. meanwhile, a mysterious transmission comes through on an unknown radio somewhere in the gulf resort, we're coming back. i'm not sure if the company is worse or being stuck with a possible infected or two. please. what is she saying? right? why would you call out to the strange light source? at least they were smart enough to run as soon as they did. but it almost doesn't matter, because no matter which way they turn, more of the people show up. as the newcomers continue to look for them, they hide in the kitchen, but they are quickly found. also, every one of the newcomers carries a shotgun, and as they approach danny and kate, they're constantly cocking the guns. no shells ever fall to the floor as a result, so one can safely assume that they're carrying empty guns the whole time. by the end of the encounter, the masked men are almost ready to let them go, until one of them gets greedy with the woman. let the girl go. the girl stay. no, i love how that second guy is just like, i didn't even think about that. yeah, oh yeah. as they inspect the girls to make sure they aren't infected, well, something comes to the light, i'll give it to her. she managed to keep it a secret way longer than i ever could have. naturally, none of the guys want them to stay, and they send them on their way. it's a quiet ride for quite some time now. and kate is shutting bobby as she's paranoid of catching the disease. can't really blame her. think you're safe with these set people this whole time, only to find out that you could have been in direct contact with her since she got infected. you want to end up like them? talk to him. these are supposed to be close friends. mind you, when it comes to dealing with a stranger little girl, they can't pull the trigger. but when it comes to your closest friend, they're ready to cut all ties, just like that, get out. damn. he didn't even need to have someone talk to him. and he's that calm about it too. at first, bobby tries to rationalize that they should let her stay. but when she doesn't listen, brian takes it upon himself to remove her and some supplies from the car. i i didn't know, you didn't know. don't you do that. don't you lie to me. i'm with him on this. you can't even make up a good lie as to why you wouldn't know. it's just almost insulting that she would even try, even as a last-minute attempt. as brian says his last words to bobby, he makes it known that he pieced together that it was because of jody. bobby tries to defend her actions, but brian isn't having it. as the remaining gang drive away, brian tries to act like nothing happened and continues with his old self. obviously he isn't fooling anyone. as gas begins to run out, they run into a car coming their way on the highway. in a last-ditch effort to get gas. brian blocks the road with the car, and dany tries to reason with them for a little gas. when negotiations fail, brian takes it upon himself to get the gas. well, that's one way to get it done. obviously, brian has lost his nerve. but who can blame him? at this point in the journey? he's just lost his longtime girlfriend and one companion in a world that doesn't just drop options in your lap. this whole story escalated from zero to 100 real quick. granted, considering the situation, things couldn't keep going smoothly, but wow. after dany tries to tell brian that he doesn't think he should be talking to him the way he does, brian puts him in his place by explaining how lucky he is to not have to deal with any of the death and hard choices first hand. dany has been able to watch brian handle all of the hard decisions, and now brian has made sure he realizes exactly how much he's been sheltered. [Music]. i'd say that brian's talk got through to dany, but i'd imagine that he's gonna lose his nerve pretty soon. next. brian is not doing well with his new wounds, so danny decides to have them stop in an abandoned house to look for medical supplies. okay, it's apparent that dany hasn't had to be first into a place to scavenge for supplies. who barrel rolls into a window without peeking in first? needless to say, that would be a terrifying thing to roll into. as dany explores the house, he comes across medicine, which is next to a dog who is feasting on a human corpse. as he reaches for the medicine, he disturbs a dog, who in turn rushes a dany. it's safe to say dany is no longer just the innocent, sheltered brother anymore. this may only be one encounter, but it's enough to set into danny's mind that he really has been sheltered from making the tough decisions this whole time. when he makes it back to brian, he asks him to take off his pants so he can administer first aid to the gunshot wound. he's got it, doesn't he? it's just crap luck. at least they don't leave him at the abandoned farmhouse like he did bobby. they put him in the back and seal up the trunk like they did with frank and jody. as they sit around the campfire that night, brian begins to fade out more and more until he passes out. dany takes this opportunity to sneak over to brian, but before he can take the gun from brian, brian explains that he did something terrible. before he explains that the job he had at the beginning of the pandemic digging mass graves. actually had them burying people who were still alive. when he finally talks about that, he wonders how he lost so much humanity to end up where they were. the last person i'd hand a gun to is kate. she's been so ready to be trigger happy this whole time. oh damn. is danny gonna have to finally shed the protector he's had this whole time? this is like the worst possible outcome to this timeline. are you serious? you've been so ready to get rid of people, and now that you finally have a good reason to, you're gonna pass it off to the weakest member of the team. in the last attempt to play off of danny's emotions, brian tries to remind him of the good times they had before the virus. when that doesn't work, dany tries to remind him of the rules they put in place for such circumstances as this. oh, don't you love how danny just becomes this stone-cold, emotionally absent baddie now that he actually has to? kind of makes you wonder if you'd buckle down and do the same under the circumstances. it's a british sweet ending for brian, but honestly, it's one of the better ways it could have gone. after they burn brian's body and pay respects, kate and daniel continue on their journey. eventually, the two of them finally make it to the beach. but this is no happy ending for dany. this is the first movie i've seen in a while that just left you with a bittersweet ending, with no hope of a better future. it's honestly kind of refreshing. while pandemic movies are a dime a dozen, especially now, carius does a good job of hitting multiple issues in a short amount of time. and with an ending like that, you can't really say it's a common story through and through. definitely a winner, but that's just my opinion of the film. by all means, try it out for yourself and comment what you thought about the film in the comments below. don't forget to like the video and subscribe for more videos like this one. leave a comment about what i should watch next, and i'll see you in the next video. 