cinema synopses, spoiler alert. mild-mannered radio executive Brad Whitaker struggles to be a good stepfather to his wife, Sarah's two children, Megan and Dylan. good morning, Megan. and is seemingly sterile after an incident to his testicles some years ago. ever since then, my testicles have been more decorative than anything else. the children begin to grow closer to Brad, with Dylan confiding in him that he is being picked on at school, and Megan asking him to take her to a father-daughter dance at her school one night. the kids is biological father and Sarah's former husband, dusty Mayron, calls today and discovers Sarah's marriage with Brad. he subsequently and suddenly announces he will be visiting the next day, tomorrow. what Sarah is hesitant about her former husband being in their home, but Brad convinces her that it is important for the kids that their father and stepfather established boundaries with each other. I'll welcome dusty into her home. when dusty arrives, Brad is immediately intimidated by his more attractive and muscular appearance and how he easily gets along with Megan and Dylan. however, dusty continually charms Brad into letting him stay, despite Sarah protesting about the kind of men that dusty really is. Brad soon wises up when it becomes clear that dusty intends to drive Brad out of his kids's lives and reconcile with Sarah. after multiple instances of dusty showing Brad up, including getting the kids a dog, finishing a tree house that Brad wanted to build with Dylan and attempting to drive a wedge between Brad and Sarah by taking them to a fertility doctor, hoping that Brad's inability to give Sarah a baby will send her into Dusty's arms. can help you have a baby. he can't. the two men appear to reach an understanding after working together to teach Dylan how to defend himself. I've never punched anyone in life. additionally, Brad and Sarah are overjoyed to learn that Brad's sperm count has increased significantly a result of dusty invading his territory, giving them hope of having a child together, now that he's got a fighting chance of getting you pregnant. however, Brad is stunned when dusty reveals that he still intends to drive Brad out of the family. I'm here to defeat you, take back my family. desperate, Brad spends tens of thousands of dollars on early Christmas gifts, including a pony and $18,000 seats at a basketball game. at the game, dusty once again shows Brad up by revealing himself to be friends with the coach to Dylan's favorite team, is the biggest Kobe fan in the world. come on down, I'm seducing and an enraged Brad begins drinking heavily. I get five beers. during halftime, Brad is chosen to try to shoot a basketball to win a prize. drunk Brad goes on a rant about dusty before accidentally pelting a cheerleader and a disabled child in a wheelchair in the face with basketballs Brad moves out of the house. however, when dusty tries to comfort Sarah, she rejects him and forces him to step up as a dad to help his kids with their busy schedules. four days later, Brad is living in his office at work, depressed. dusty, meanwhile, is overwhelmed by the many responsibilities of being a full-time father, industy decides to call it quits, and Inez on the day of Megan's father-daughter dance, Randy's riff goes to Brad and convinces him to fight for his family. Brad catches dusty at a bar and tries to get him to come back. so it's gotta be you. dusty admits that he cannot handle the hard part about being a father, and admires Brad for putting up with all the things that he has to go through. I wanted to prove that I was a good dad too, but I'm not. Brad says that all of the terrible parts about being a dad are worthless, because in the end, he is doing it for his kids. most of what dads do was just take shape. this convinces dusty to go to the dance, and he and Brad arrive together in order to dance. there, they discover that the classmate who is picking on Dylan at school is a girl, and almost get into a fight with her father when Dylan physically retaliates. however, dusty finally decides to follow Brad's lead on being a father, and instead follows the fight by starting a dance-off. Brad and Sarah reconcile, and dusty decides to stay and be a good dad to his kids. later, the whole family is happy. Brad and Sarah have a new baby boy named after Griff Commuter. and Megan and Dylan have finally accepted Brad as their stepfather. dusty, who now has a job as a panda DJ and becomes wealthy through his work, has moved in across the street after building a castle there. and he and Brad are now friends. dusty eventually remarries to a woman named Karen, who has a daughter. thus dusty becomes a stepfather himself. okay? sara is immediately intimidated by Karen's after meeting her. she feels that Karen's looks surpass hers, and she is jealous of the latter's professions as a doctor and a novelist. dusty is now in exactly the same position that he puts Brad in a year ago, at odds with his stepdaughters. incredibly intimidating father. Roger, let's cut blanks from arms. you must be Roger. nope. keep watching for some fun Easter eggs and trivia. about daddy's home. the doctor's name comes from two names from Will Ferrell's other movies, Emilio, from a night at the Roxbury, and Francisco from elf Will Ferrell's character is named Brad Whitaker, the name of the villain in the James Bond movie, The Living Daylights. Mark Wahlberg had to do about 700 assisted one-arm pull-ups for the garage scene. they had someone under him assisting him so he wouldn't sound strained during the conversation. they had to do many takes from many angles. Tony Hawk and Mike McGill served a stunt doubles for a skateboarding scene in the film. the scene involving Will Ferrell's careful watching a half-court shot and getting a cheerleader with a basketball. this film during halftime of a real basketball game between the pelicans and the Lakers in New Orleans. videos of the incident quickly popped up on video sites such as YouTube and vine. the airport in the movie is actually the New Orleans Ernest N Morial Convention Center. the airport was too busy for filming, so the convention center signage was changed to make it look like an airport [Music] 