welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, definition aka, the guy who's thinking of ending explaining things in this video. we've got a lot to talk about. i just want to get straight into the movie, as there's so many things to unpack. but obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, then i highly recommend that you check out now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy it. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of i'm thinking of ending things. okay, so on the surface, the film seems pretty straightforward, and its plot is relatively simple. we follow a woman named lucy who travels to meet her boyfriend's parents. throughout the piece, she's haunted by the thought of ending things, and this is taken as her relationship with her boyfriend, jake. after a while at the house, they decide to leave, and we watch as the pair journey back to jake's high school, which is where he dies before performing oklahoma on stage. okay, maybe it's not that straightforward. now, the movie is very much an art house piece, and chances are you probably have a lot of questions surrounding its true meaning and the symbolism behind it. you don't have to be a genius in order to understand it. but to look at what the film is trying to convey, we have to look at the book that the film is based on. the story, written by ian reed, actually chronicles the thoughts that come to one's head just before ending their own life, their happy memories, their regrets, and also what's brought them to the conclusion that ending things is the only option left, is truly explored in this film. when one dies, it is said that your life flashes before your eyes. and the movie itself should be seen as a continuous thought that's a compilation of someone's memories of their life. this is exemplified in the aspect ratio of the piece, which is shot almost to look like an old television show, presenting an almost nostalgic look at the past for our characters as they reminisce over things. when we think, it's never normally one straightforward thing. and the book itself says that you can't fake a thought. our brain fires off continuously and often when we reminisce over things, our consciousness drifts from one point to the next. the slip service paid to this in the form of the poem owed by william wordsworth. this chronicled someone's life, and it is poetic that jake decides to bring it up. wordsworth wrote a number of poems to a woman named lucy, who died very young, similar to how jake recounts his life to his lover. the book and the movie itself both heavily imply that lucy is not a real person, and that she and jake are actually one in the same. in the original work, she doesn't even really get a name. and she should be viewed as a manifestation of jake's consciousness that is journeying with him as he recalls the past. several clues are dropped, like jake saying that his slippers are hers and that she was brought up in a house that's exactly like the one he grew up in. she then later says she grew up in an apartment, and this, of course, contradicts that. she also thinks that a photo of jake is a photo of her. and there are clues that become very apparent on a second watch. now, as for what lucy represents, i personally believe that she's a lover of jake's life. jake likely loved a lot of people in his life, and these relationships could also be seen as his regrets. throughout the film, there are several representations in his journey of the women in his life, with the ice cream stand being one of the most notable of these. he's clearly intimidated by the girls, which we learn are from his high school. and they look at him in a very mocking way due to his reaction when standing there. i kind of get the feeling that this is one of the many straws that, quote unquote, broke the camel's back. in to cut with jake driving along, you also see shots of an old man, which should be seen as an older version of jake. and it is possible that lucy was his wife, but that he lost her. jake's father says that he misses his wife terribly, and it could be hinting jake sharing these emotions. there's a passage in which we hear the lines, there's either a wife or a wife-shaped hole waiting for you. and it's really sad to see this. however, lucy also gets a call from someone called lucy. and with us knowing that jake and she are the same it could be possible that this lucy is calling because she's worried about him. lucy could also be his daughter. and when a name flashes up on a phone screen, it's to announce that this is the name of the person calling you. so there is a lot that we can read into it. there's several missed calls from both lucy and louisa, both of which would be saved as the same contact if they were the same person. and i do think that both his wife and potentially his daughter, lucy, are very worried about him. now, as a janitor, we can tell he's just existing instead of living. and he longs to be seen once more, which teases why he performs oklahoma at the end, which we discover is his favorite song. he's just going through identical days. the sun goes up and down and he keeps getting older. and i'm realizing just how depressing this movie is. now, throughout the car ride, lucy clearly thinks stark things. but when asked about this, she says an answer that makes it seem like everything is fine. this, of course, represents depression. and often people have things going on beneath the surface that they simply don't express. memory is, of course, an unreliable thing, and often names, faces and appearances change slightly depending on how we record things in that moment. now this is hinted at throughout the movie when we see some slightly jarring things in his parents. when he first enters the house, it looks slightly older than when they have dinner together. and throughout the time that they spend there, their age fluctuates, with his parents getting older and younger, seemingly without any explanation. it's quite subtle the first time we see it, but the more we get into the movie, the more it becomes obvious. now clearly, they hint to what jake's life was really like. and it becomes clear that on the farm, he dealt with a lot of death. this likely shaped his mentality, and it's almost like he's become completely desensitized to it. i get the feeling that jake's parents were never really there for him, and that he was often waiting on approval from them, which is represented by them taking so long to come down the stairs. his father doesn't even look him in the eyes as he shakes his hand. and clearly, the relationship isn't really there. we learn that jake used to paint too, and that his father pretty much looks down his nose at lucy's art. i think they are probably well intentioned, but as with most parental relationships, it takes a long time for children to appreciate the things that their parents do. they have a lot of conversations, but ultimately it doesn't seem like they're fully on the same page. even the movie itself doesn't seem like it's on the same page as itself as it drifts off into other films. and yeah, it's clear that jake's brain is firing on all cylinders as he tries to bring together his life into one conscious thought. the basement is very much his subconscious and it's here that we see his works of art, alongside the many things that he tried to achieve in life, but was held back from and thus had to leave behind his work. uniform is also there, which we later see the janitor wearing, which does hint at the pair being linked. jake's mother passes away, and he decides that it's time to go. he leaves his father behind, reminding lucy that they loved her, even though they might not have fully shown it at the time. things get darker for the pair as they head further into the night blizzard. and the memories change from being focused on the happier ones to things more critical, which shows just how deep jake is able to dissect the things around him and find negativity no matter what. jake's mind goes through the sayings that we use to comfort ourselves in dark times, but they don't really work, and he still continues his journey to the tulsi town, where one of the vendors tells lucy that she doesn't have to go, whilst the other girls giggle away at him. there's a lot of subtext of the conversation here, and it's at this point that everything starts to come together, and we realize that this journey is jake's final one. he truly becomes locked on this route to the high school. and from his conversation about age, we can tell that he longs to be young again like the students that he passes every day. he realizes that that will never happen for him, and that he sees himself as someone destined for the ashy. lucy argues with him that she's given him so many reasons to return home, but in the end, he doesn't. and lucy heads into the school after him, where she sees the janitor walking through the halls. they have a really deep conversation about things and relationships and how men act. and it may even highlight that jake regrets the way he acted in the past. this is also represented in the song, baby, it's cold outside, which, over the years has developed a lot of negative connotations around it. in the end, jake does agree that its meaning is inappropriate, and it shows that he probably regrets all the things that he did to lucy when trying to approach her. we then watch as two actors step forward in their place and perform at dances, the pair showing the life that jake truly longed for and the romance that he either misses or wish that he had. it sort of tells our life story and how they met, were married, and that jake's job cast them apart, leading to lucy leaving him. this is just my interpretation of it, and i see the younger version of jake fighting the older one, showing that he did want to come back, but ultimately his worst nature won, which led to lucy being taken by the other again, this is just how i took it. and we see as the real older jake journeys out to his truck, but instead of starting the engine, he decides to sit there in the blizzard and just let himself get caught in the weather. as he reminisces over what's come before, he slowly begins to lose it as it all comes flooding back, and he climbs out into the snow to die with the pig that died on his farm when he was younger. we also see a scar in the middle of his chest, and it could be that this is from the stabbing, which we see happen in the dance. the movie culminates with him performing oklahoma, a moment that should be seen as a swan song. as the character passes away in the snow, likely still stuck in his truck, that ends the film and jake's life. but what did i think of it as a whole? well, before we get into that, i just want to let you know we're giving away a free copy of the christopher nolan collection to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the film in the comment section below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of september, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. okay, so this movie definitely won't be for everyone. and people who like straightforward narratives and films that aren't filled with metaphors probably won't enjoy it. i can imagine it will be a difficult first watch and one that they probably won't revisit. however, i absolutely loved it. and seeing it twice for this video, i think it all works really well in a spellbinding way that makes it instantly become one of the best movies of the year. the film is very much a comment on life and all its ups and downs. i think that many will find a lot that they can relate to. there are sections i do think could have been cut, and i can imagine that some will find it quite difficult to follow. but all the similes and metaphors make this spellbinding, in my opinion. and it truly is a great piece of art. i'm thinking of ending things, is phenomenal. and it gets a 9.5 out of 10. now obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the film and what you took from it. i can imagine that everyone's going to have a completely different opinion on it, so make sure you drop yours in the comments below. if you enjoy this video and want to see a breakdown of today's other big release. and make sure you check out our recap of the first three episodes of the boys, which is going to be linked at the end. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us on our discord server, linked in the description, or, heavy spoilers, on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been definition. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 