today's movie in 10 minute will introduce to you a movie that had ranked for weeks in a row when it aired on netflix. the film has everything, a little comedy, a political metaphor, unpredictable turning points, pleasing surprises, shocking violence. not for you to wait long. the movie that movie in 10 minute is about, is the platform. the platform's heat was indisputable when it came out, and was also a hotly debated topic on film forums. so what is the platform like? why is it so attractive? are there any notable details in the movie? this video will spoil the entire content of the film. if you haven't already, my sincere advice is to stop this video here and watch the platform right away. it's not too late to come back after watching if you've seen it already, or you don't care about spoilers. let's get started. the first will be some information about the platform. the platform is a sci-fi film mixed with elements of the horror genre, directed by galder gastelu arusha. this spanish aim el hoyo, meaning whole. this name is the central theme of the entire film that determines all the events in the film. the film was screened for the first time at the toronto international film festival and in 2019, where it won the people's choice award for midnight madness. the film also earned a score of 7.0 on imdp and 79 on rotten tomatoes, hollywood did not make a very positive score in the movie. the show takes viewers into a cramped, vertical, concrete structure consisting of hundreds of floors, intersected by a vertical hole in the middle of each floor. and each floor is marked with numbers from low to high, in the order of bases from top to bottom. the platform is a place where offenders are kept. unlike regular prisons, they are given something they love. once a day, a dining table would drift from the first floor down to the successive feet below and ended when it reached the last base. each floor will be eaten within two minutes. many of you will wonder if there is only one julie, until the last people have nothing to eat, that's precisely what happens in the movie, and that's how the platform works. of course, to ensure everyone's fairness, they will sniffle and move to other floors. after a month, people on the upper floors will be moved to the lower floors and vice versa. however, this will lead to a different situation where people who are transferred from lower to higher floors tend to try to eat a lot. part of it was to make up for a month of not eating, trying to enjoy a month upstairs, and partly wanting to punish those who put them in a miserable situation. aside from her eating very much, they even stomp and defecate on food to satisfy the eye. and of course, we will come to another question from here. the upper floors did not store a certain amount of food and give the rations to the lower floors. that's because another mechanism of the platform doesn't let that happen. when someone intentionally stores themselves even a small food sample, that floor will continuously increase or decrease the temp. those are the basic rules of the platform. the film revolves around our protagonist, goring, played by ivan masagwe. a guy who doesn't know anything about the platform, voluntarily asked to come here to quit smoking and read the book don quixote. when thrown into the platform, goring woke up on the 48th floor, where he met the character trimagassi, played by zorian egylor. trimagas c is a short, older man who always eats for food when the opportunity arises. he also advised goring not to talk to people from upstairs or downstairs, and even tried to humiliate the lower people when given a chance. these details show that trimagassi has a selfish lifestyle, only thinks for himself. besides that, he is also a trick then turns goring back into food on the 171st floor. those details all refer to one term. trimagassi is representative of a class of people living in capitalism, people only know to live for themselves, ready to use all tricks and tricks to achieve their goals, regardless of whether it affects their kind. but in the end, it was not try magazine's fault. do you remember what he had with him? in the culture of some nations, the knife is representative of pain, revenge and betrayal. this meant that those negative emotions were inherent in trimagassi. the reason is none other than that, because he is also a victim of the upper echelons, who have been trampled physically, emotionally and mentally. so negative thinking is inevitable. after a month of living on the 48th floor, they were moved down to 171, meaning that there wouldn't be any food for them. trimagassi took advantage of goring's deep sleep and tied him to the bed, intending to use his body for daily sustenance. goring then realized the naked and brutal truth here, and it was decided to change. now let's decode this movie together. on the flip side of society, viewers cannot help but be shocked by the dark photo of the film when watching the platform, the selfish, greedy nature of man when put in adverse situations. the movie begins with a clean kitchen setting, with chefs in bright, polite costumes and dishes with exquisite and eye-catching decor. when watching here, viewers probably imagine a hearty party being prepared extremely carefully for gourmet dinners or rich people. this meal is practically a meal for the prisoners in the platform, prison poor people, and can't even keep their humanity. the reasons why will be explained below. this is a huge contrast and makes a lot of artistic sense. the platform reflects the social stratification and class division of our lives, specifically, the platform with a multi-layered vertical structure as a symbolic image of social strata. the platform has 333 floors, the number sign of life. so the implication of this 333 is that our world is inherently good and worth living. but each floor has two people, so the total number of people in the platform is 666, the number of satong. the way the building works is that people are tarnishing the world, bringing suffering and trampling on themselves. in the platform, food will be provided once a day, and from top to bottom, the amount of food on each floor decreases. at each level. the people upstairs will have access to the most delicious and delicious food. when faced with such a large amount of food, they cannot hold themselves back, leading to them eating more than what they need, as excessive consumerism. when the upper people were caught up in the psychological vortex that downstairs was cornered in a maelstrom of deprivation. that is the reality of the capitalist society today. when the rich have more opportunities to exploit resources, those in the middle class and below have fewer op in the platform. every month, the people upstairs move downstairs and vice versa. many of you will find this unreasonable, but think a little more openly. in our lives, we do not lack the people who issue a good investment or a lottery ticket when they have just reached the to make up for a rich and easy to find life, the first thing will be to make up for a life of poverty and misery. and move from low to high level and eat a lot to make up for a month of hunger earlier. some people who have just been moved from high floors to low. as a symbolic image of people who have lost all their assets or went bankrupt or they will do everything to survive, trying to one day return to their original position, even if they have to deal with others, or they will ultimately lose their life energy and decide to end their lives. this is why, in the second half of the movie and goring, and you move down the floors through the dining table, the people on the last floor are either dead, or they killed each other or ended their lives. that is the extremely ingenious implication of the crew made for those who enjoy movies of the book don quixote. before entering the platform, prisoners can carry anything with them taking advantage of this. most of the others tried to bring weapons to protect themselves. but some items make the audience curious because of their strangeness. so what are the meanings behind those widgets? we may first refer to the baharet rope symbolizing the pursuit of freedom. the children's pool of an older man represents a simple pursuit of happiness. imo guri's dog is the need to have a friend to reduce loneliness. but the movie's most implied object is goring's book, don quixote. don quixote's content revolves around the illusion of becoming a violent exorcist, knight of an old aristocrat living in mancha country named alonso quicksano. then, after his only adventures, he realized that the illusion of becoming a knight to protect the people did not bring him anything like a great regret at the end of his life. don quixote is the image representing goring. a man entered the platform with an honest spirit and willingly gave his food to form trimagassi and made him a close friend to him. but when the two were moved to the 171st floor, trimagassi tied him up, ready to kill him for survival. the girl, miharu, he cared for earlier, saved goring from trimagasey's arms. the wound on her thigh and the mentality of being killed by trimagassi caused goring to completely lose his humanity. goring stabbing madly at trimagassi, affectionately by his own now he understood the cost of being the right person, and the saying, eat or be eaten that trimagasi always said to him. since then, goring has become a completely different person, accepting to let the gloomy atmosphere of the platform swallow him. the religious meanings not only stop at the aspect of social status. the film also uses a lot of dialogue images related to religion. more specifically, it is christianity. first and foremost is the statement that imo guri's soul told him, after i say to you, unless you eat the flesh of the son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in you. whoever feeds on my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and i will raise him up on the last day. for my flesh is true food, and my blood is true drink nothing other than the words of jesus. the meaning of this phrase alludes to the eucharist of christianity, when the body and blood of jesus are transformed into small bread to feed the souls of the faithful. however, in the film, this entire sentence is completely understood in the literal sense, creating a scary i moguery then called goring the messiah, our savior, which was the name of jesus when he died. so that all from here, we can understand that imo guri calls goring the messiah because she thinks that he can change the platform and make it possible for everyone to live. to reinforce this point in the goring passages, after reaching the very end, a place is nothing but an infinite, dark void, trimagassi stepped out to pick him up and told him that his trip was over. then my snail showing that goring was exhausted and dead after the stab in the previous scene. but he succeeded in sending the miharu's little girl went upstairs. he has completed his mission to save everyone. in the end, i will say the meaning of the little girl, miharu's daughter, also known as the message for the air floor she has called the memorandum of the most superficial and most visible understanding is the law that prohibits children under 16 from participating in the platform. still, the baby has a lot more meaning than that. in terms of an addition to religion. sending her to the air floor to save all others is seen as the image of sacrificing the sheep to offer a prayer to the sovereign. and that society's stratification, with its harshness, has created a sharp blade. the people on the handle are the ones upstairs. the bottom floor is nothing but the victims of that sort. and the victims most affected by social stratification are the future children of society itself. sending a child to the floor will not make the operators of this place realize that the cast division has created a miniature culture of crying where children are easy prey for that society. the platform has a lot of other details to talk about that we can't possibly include in a video. so if we miss any information, don't be afraid to show 