[Music]. crazy rich Asians breaks the mold in more ways than one. typically, mid credit scenes appear only in the big blockbusters of DC and Marvel. however, crazy rich Asians delivers a mysterious cameo at the film's clothes that may have left some viewers scratching their heads. throughout this video, I'll be discussing the end of crazy rich Asians and what this could lead to in the film's sequel. there will be heavy spoilers here, so what may be worth skipping this video if you want to go in with fresh eyes, without the way I'm definition, and I ruin the movie so you don't have to. the film ends with the star-crossed lovers celebrating their engagement by throwing a massive party. during the scene, Nick's cousin, Astrid makes eye contact with a man that instantly sweeps her off her feet. fans of Glee will instantly recognize the actor Harry Shum, and are correct in thinking that he will play a big part in any sequels to come. Shum has already been cast as the part of Charlie Wu from the novel's, who was originally engaged to asteroid when they were young however, due to their disapproving family, the couple were forced apart after a huge argument, and have not encountered one another since. Astrid and Charlie reunite at the wedding and fall head over heels once more. Astrid lens of her husband's affair, which drives her to move in with Charlie. however, things become complicated when we learn that Charlie already has a wife. if this doesn't sound crazy enough, in the book, we discover that asteroids husband hasn't actually been having an affair, and instead, he's just been pretending to have one in order to get out of his marriage. sure, there are probably easier ways to go about it, but they wouldn't make for much of an interesting story. it seems like producers of the film are intentionally saving the tube's love story for a sequel, as they originally shot a lot of scenes of them together, but then decided to cut them down due to the film's this is a shame, as it would have been a great inclusion. but I guess we'll have to wait till next time to find out how it all turns out. so what did you think of crazy rotations? do you think it lived up to the book. and what would you like to see in the sequel? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and subscribe to my channel. I create content like this weekly, and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of films, make sure you check out my crazy fan theory on why Nick Fury waited til infinity war to call Captain Marvel, which will be linked up later this one. and thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 