with Captain marbles for at least right around the corner. lucky fans who've gotten to see early screenings of the film have been discussing elements of the movie online. whilst reddit currently has a full plot breakdown on this site, I thought I'd discuss probably the two aspects of the film the MCU fans are most excited for, those being the post-credits scenes of the film. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down all of the leaked information we have on those scenes. and whilst they haven't been confirmed officially, this information is usually correct, as was with my spider-verse and Ant Man in the wasp leaked videos. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything about either scenes, then I highly suggest that you turn off now without the way I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I ruin it so you don't have to the first thing to know about the end of Captain Marvel is that we get to post-credit scenes, with one happening after the initial titles and the other coming after all credits are old. the first credits scene involves Captain Marvel showing up to Avengers HQ after the events of infinity war, to encounter Black Widow and Captain America. Captain America and Black Widow have managed to get Nick Fury's page yet, but they are both unsure of exactly what the signal on it means. Captain Marvel n steps forward, saying that she's here to answer the call and asks where Nick Fury is. the scene is reportedly very similar to the one in the Avengers end game trailer. this is very likely a scene that was filmed for endgame and will be pulled directly from that movie, similar to how civil war was in the post-credits scene of ant-man. the second post-credit scene involves goosed the cat, coughing up the Cosmic Cube, or the tesseract, as it would later come to be known in the Avengers. this confirms that the tesseract is in shields possession, which we all know was hinted at from the ending of Captain America at the First Avenger scene. to confirms that goose isn't from Earth. and it's more of a liar note to end the film on that neatly ties together some of the film's elements into the great universe. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this leaked information and whether you are hyped to see the movie when it releases. don't worry, guys, if you don't want to see it, I'm not gonna have your opinion removed from the site. anyway, make sure you comment below and let me know. I'll be doing my full, usual and explained breakdown of the movie. so keep your eyes peeled for that. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of everything that you need to know about the scrolls, which will be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 