welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, aka the guy who got recasters definition. and this video we're breaking down some more big one division theories. the ending of the last episode was enough to give anyone whiplash, and actually points out a possible way that vision could have been brought back to life. throughout this video, we're going to be discussing that, what the blip proves, and why sword may be trying to recreate ultron. if you love this video, 3000, i'd massively appreciate the thumbs up. and don't forget to subscribe for breakdowns like this each and every week on the wonderful world of west view. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into the video. okay, so firstly, i want to discuss how vision may be alive. he's the only character other than thanos, who's been killed twice, and yet somehow he's still playing. father knows best at wonders side. we had been wondering for some time exactly what happened to him. and episode 5 revealed that wandered had wandered into sword and taken his body out of their lab, which we will be discussing later in the video. vision seems to be alive and well. however, without the mind stone, i can't think of any real way that she could have brought him back without magical or mystical means. in the case of sparky, it was made abundantly clear that wonder could not resurrect the dead, and therefore i'm not sure if she had anything to do with his return. now, one of the most popular theories is that vision was actually brought back by the grim reaper. i've already gone in depth on this several times. and has his helmet featured in the intro to episode 2, the clues are there. he also appeared heavily in the vision and skull at, which graphic novel that this series is based upon. so it does seem quite likely that he may be behind it in some way. however, episode 5's ending also revealed another possibility. in it, we saw that evan peters's quicksilver had been brought across from another reality. in avengers end game, we also saw through gamora that it was possible to bring people across from another timeline who had died. and therefore, the vision that we see could be an alternate version of the character. now i just want to shout out azwin for commenting this on my last video. and after going back over certain scenes in the series, it could indeed be correct. we know that the show is opening up the multiverse before it spans off into spider-man 3 and doctor strange 2. so yeah, they are starting to lay the groundwork. similar to wonder, vision doesn't know how he got there. and perhaps he was pulled across from another world and then had his memory erased so that he would be unaware and unable to warn wonder about what was really going on. there are several clues that whoever is behind this entire thing has been trying to make one to have children no matter what. and in order to do so, they have provided her with several subliminal suggestions and distractions. just as she envisioned were about to have a big argument that could have potentially split them up, evan peters showed up out of nowhere. and thus, i don't think that wonder was behind bringing him back. in the same way that some force brought him across, they could have also brought across vision so that she had a reason to stay. i'm assuming that one of the major conflicts that will arise from the show is that west view shouldn't exist. and it will likely end with doctor strange coming to shut things down before they spiral out of control, destroying this will, of course, mean that vision has to go. and as we know that wonder will be an antagonist in the multiverse of madness, it definitely makes sense for her to be angry that her husband had to be sent back and that she has to remain in the universe where he's still dead. now as for the dead vision, it's clear that sword were up to something. as when we saw footage of wonder invading their headquarters, he was on an operating table being sliced up into several sections. when vision died, his body was whole. and in the timeline of the mcu, his death happened five years prior. so it makes no sense as to why they'd bring him back out and start experimenting on him, unless they had ulterior motives. i actually got talking to ryan arie from screen crush about this, who started going into how he too thought that sword were trying to weaponize his corpse. i've put our conversation up if you want to pause the video and read it. and it's also in front of a picture of hayward, because i bloody hate him, brian, that's your mom. [Laughter]. now, i kind of built up on this theory and said that i think they're trying to recreate ultron. and he asked, why make another murderbot? which i didn't really have an answer to because i bloody hate him. gotcha, sucker. however, after thinking about it, i think that the answer is clear, and that is because of thanos. ultron was originally created as a reaction to the battle of new york, to ensure that nothing like that could ever happen again. unfortunately, the machine believed that the only way to get peace was to wipe out humanity. but juxtaposing this vision, saw the good in people. i think that sword realized that, because of the snap, that they needed a better form of protection for the planet, and that what they had simply wasn't good enough. you have to realize that in the mcu timeline, everyone is probably completely terrified, because thanos managed to wipe out half of all life in the universe with a snap of his fingers. perhaps sword realized that tony had a point. all the way back in the second avengers movie, and decided to try and roll with it and put a giant suit of armor around the world. knowing that vision isn't as homicidal as his father was, they probably wanted to reprogram him in order to be the ultron that we should have got, whilst also standing as something that they could control. now as we know from vision's will, he didn't want to be weaponized. and thus wonder going to him was likely saving him from this fate. we know from seeing her in west view that she doesn't want to turn him into a living weapon. so i think this line of dialogue was brought in by the writers to highlight what is really going on in the entire situation. from what we know of hayward, he has completely changed the way that sword operate. and instead of looking to the stars, they've now started to turn their attention to earth. not only does this fit in with the idea as to why they try and rebuild an ultron type figure, it also makes sense as to why they would want to weaponize vision against his wishes. as speaking of the blip, seeing it from monica's perspective definitely does clear up a lot of things john campio recently did a video discussing how elements of it worked that i want to discuss in more depth, but i think the scene itself shows how things happened. when the blip happened, a lot of people had questions about those being brought back. and one of the big situations that people struggled with were those who were on airplanes when they got snapped. for example, if someone was at 20 000 feet in the air when they went missing, surely when they returned, they'd be back in the same space, right? wrong. because of a person in the hospital who materialized on a stretcher, we now know that people are brought back in the context of how they vanished, but not in the exact same position. thus, if you were on a plane when you got snapped, you'd probably be brought back on one midair, or a grounded one, so you didn't end up miles and miles away from where you live. taking this on a grander scale, the world itself is basically a rock that's spinning through space. and it would be highly unlikely that if one were blipped back, that the planet itself would be in the exact same spot as when they were when they vanished. so it's simply the context that they disappeared in which decides how they return. monica just so happened to be at her mother's bedside, but it's nigh on impossible that people just happen to be pushing a stretcher in the exact same place that a man who wasn't one disappeared. so we can stop talking about that now. we can just all chill out, and you you can finally rest. and lastly, i want to discuss a theory from new rock stars that you could see mephisto's hand in the reflection of a mirror before evan peters came across. i've watched this footage over and over again, and personally, i think that it might be a mic that was left in this shot in order to try and capture the audio for the scene. i'm not 100 on that, and new rock stars do great videos, so i'm not slagging them off like that's some of a bit ryanairy. i'm just not sure exactly what it is. and i also think that the lad eric boss will be like a boss and probably tell you that he's not 100 either. still, oh, definitely an interesting talking point. and i hope this video is giving you some stuff to think about. and obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts below. now, don't forget that on the 28th of february, we're giving away three copies of the phase three mcu 4k box set to our subscribers. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the theories. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now, so that's you. then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. the links to our socials are in the description. and you can also support the channel by clicking the join button. and as a thank you, you get videos like this early. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our other theories video, which we dropped over the weekend, which talks about how hayward might be in hydra and a lot more stuff. without the way, thank you for sending through the video. i mean, paul, i see you next time. take care. peace. 