welcome back to our channel. today is a very special blockbuster movie called godzilla vs kong. early in the morning, a giant monkey wakes up to welcome a new day. this giant monkey named kong. as soon as he wake up, he swim under the river. deep in the forest, there is a little girl who is swaddling with a doll. this girl's name is daya. daya is a deaf girl, and she can communicate with kong through sign language. daiya showed the doll to kong to say, kong is being held here. kong understood daya's meaning and threw the weapon straight up. the ecological dome where kong was detained was breached by kong. kong is very angry. he screams, making the whole forest shake. dr andrew said, this place is going to be untenable. daya ran up to her and told he is angry. andrew doesn't believe it and tells daya to get in the car. the collected information shows that the interior of the earth is made up of caves and large pockets of glass. the admiral begins an expedition to find the entrance to the secret world. this guy is benny, a former employee of apex and the host of the titan conspiracy theory podcast. while there was no one in the room, benny copied all the information on the computer to reveal it outside. while benny was copying, he discovered something. suddenly, the alarm went off and everyone evacuated. at this moment, godzilla appeared. apex ceo walter simmon fled with his private jet. people use planes to shoot bullets and rockets at godzilla, but it doesn't hurt godzilla. godzilla launched blue sparks to attack the city, causing all the people to panic and run away. a flash of light caused the tunnel to collapse. benny discovers a strange object that probably makes godzilla angry and attacks the city. many people were injured. at this time, the news also reported that godzilla had attacked the city. this girl is russo who doesn't believe that godzilla attacked the city for no reason? russo goes to her father and says, godzilla was provoked. and reminds him that godzilla saved us in the past. but he did not believe that, because he had seen many people in the city injured by godzilla. russo is disappointed in her father and turns to leave. apex ceo walter simon, turned to dr lee for help. and apex showed dr lee the inner structure of the hollow earth. dr lee found that in the hollow earth there was a signal of a very large energy source, and almost coincided with orca. at this time, apex also showed dr lee more about the extraordinary aircraft that can fly in the hollow earth. and apex begged dr lee to help him. dr lee hastily found a book. they said they needed a titan to guide them. and this book is about the future of science. the kong whisper at the skull island. at this time, dr lin convinces andrew to take kong away from here and let kong return to his home in antarctica. andrew agrees to let kong go home. but daya feels very sad that kong is no longer here. at this moment, kong was sleeping on a large crossbar. at this time, kong woke up to find that he was chained. khan felt very angry. this girl named maya simon, who is apex's daughter, also appeared there. she is extremely bossy. at night, there was a heavy rain. andrew said, according to legend, godzilla's ancestors had a great battle. it took her 10 years to research the island. and i'm sure kong doesn't kneel before anyone. andrew said, under heavy rain, daya went out to meet kong. daiya raised her finger and touched kong's giant finger. andrew ran to die and said, this place is very dangerous. daya said to andrew, kong is very sad and angry. andrew said, kong doesn't understand that people are helping kong. daya tells andrew that kong doesn't believe. but when andrew saw kong talking about home, she believed that daya could talk to kong. rusu invites her best friend josh to come along to investigate the cause of godzilla's attack. they went to benny's house. benny told them about the strange object he saw in the secret vault. benny thinks it's a very questionable technology. benny pulled a small bottle of wine from his pocket and show russo a picture of his wife. benny told russo the day this bottle runs out is the day i give up the next morning, everyone fed kong with fish. at this time, andrew still blames daya for not telling her about this. daya said, kong doesn't want anyone to know because kong is afraid. andre told dr lin that if it wasn't for daya, kong would have torn this ship apart. daya touched the wall and sensed that godzilla had begun to appear. daya rushes to tell andrew about godzilla's appearance. we have to release kong so he can protect himself and protect us. andrew said they tried to use firepower to shoot godzilla, but still could not hurt godzilla. godzilla's fins can split a ship in half. at this time, kong was extremely angry and wanted to break the chains to fight with godzilla. this time, godzilla used his tail to break many planes and two large ships. next godzilla approached kong's ship and overturned the ship. khan fell into the sea. dr lin swam over to unlock kong in the water. kong was not originally godzilla's opponent, but kong still used all his strength to kick godzilla away. and kong used his hand to turn the ship upside down. kong used two hands to break the lock at the neck. kong saw godzilla slowly approaching the two ships. kong immediately jumps over dr lin's ship to stop godzilla. kong took the plane and flew straight at godzilla, but it had no effect. kong punched godzilla's face, but then godzilla knocked kong back onto the ship. at this time, dr lin's team also fired fire at godzilla to aid kong. kong then stood up to knock godzilla back into the sea. at this time, godzilla used atoms to spray the water, causing kong to once again jump into the sea. andrew said to dr lin, kong needs our help to find a way to distract godzilla. andrew used a lot of anti-submarine bombs to help kong. kong emerged from the water and vomited a lot of water. kong felt very tired and lay on his back on the ship. godzilla is back now, dr lin asks to turn off all power and engines. now godzilla thought it had won all and turned and dived deep into the sea. here, benny leads rousseau and josh to sneak into apex. and benny also successfully opened the secret tunnel. at this point, russo discovers an elevator. they went down to basement number 33. when they were almost discovered, they quickly fled into the closed room. they were accidentally locked up and transported in a container carrying lizard eggs to hong kong. dr lin used many planes to bring kong to the south pole. the planes gently put kong on the ground. daya tells kong that maybe kong's house isn't there. daya added to kong, maybe kong's family is in there. kong trusted daya, so he went into the tunnel. dr lin's group also followed kong in a specialized spaceship. everyone followed kong, and then they ended up in a place separate from the world. the scenery here is so beautiful. this is the kong house. suddenly, a skeleton lizard appeared. kong grabbed it and fought it. kong tore up the lizard and ate it deliciously. there are also many large and dangerous animals on the ground. at this time. kong was close to his home. there was a lot of rubble. benny's group is locked up. once again, benny says that here is sacrifice lake. russo discovered the animal carcass. smelt a stench. at this moment, the light was turned on, along with a warning signal to all stay away from this place. suddenly, a mechagodzilla appeared from the ground. simmond made the connection with the pilot's consciousness. simon released the skull lizard to test the robot, mesh agojila. at this time, mexico, julie used atomic breath to split the skull lizard in half. benny's groups also run on tunnel safety. but now the system only reached 40 capacity, and simmon was not satisfied with it. and russo also found out that this is the reason why godzilla attacked the apex headquarters. russo's father took out his phone to see where she was. but now the alarm signal shows that godzilla is changing direction to hong kong. and now kong has also returned to his home. on the door, there are imprints of the hands of the ancient kings of kong. kong put his hand on the door and pushed it open. opening the door, kong was extremely happy. kong pulled the axe from the skull of a godzilla that had died in an ancient war with kong's ancestors. once it was safe, dr lin landed the spacecraft on the ground. kong holds an axe and sits on the throne of his ancestors. as benny's group is looking for an exit, russo discovers a room. when they entered the room, they saw the skull of gidera, and they also saw a pilot who was neuro connecting and doing what he wanted. at this time, godzilla appeared and broke the bridge in the city. at this point, russo's father orders all the people in the city to evacuate. kong discovered a power source that could charge the axe. there was a place on the ground with an axe image, and kong immediately put the axe down. kong's throne now emits a blue light. at this time, godzilla sensed the energy and attacked the throne directly through the hollow earth. at this point, andrew prevents maya from extracting energy samples from the hollow earth. but it was too late. maya was successfully sent to earth to simmon. kong was extremely angry, opened his mouth and shouted at maya. the big bats fall down to eat people as dr lin's group approached the spaceship, a bat fell and stood in front of the entrance. when the bat jumped up to eat the group of andreans, a blue light pierced its body. kong goes against the atom and maya and apex's group are killed. kong and dr lin's group escaped alive through the hole to hong kong. here, godzilla and kong fight each other in the city. at this time, kong repeatedly hit godzilla, using both hands to open godzilla's mouth. kong then jumped up and punched godzilla in the face. kong used the axe to poke godzilla in the mouth. kong uses the axe against godzilla's atomic breath. now that the axe has been charged with energy from godzilla, kong uses the axe to hit godzilla. godzilla used blue breath to chase kong. kong jumped over buildings to avoid at this time, dr lin's spacecraft began to reach the earth and flew past kong's mouth, dodging aside. it was godzilla's atomic breath. this time, kong jumped up and used the axe to catch godzilla's breath and cut it straight into its mouth. godzilla fell tiredly into a tall building. meanwhile, benny russo and josh are arrested by security and taken to mr simmons place. and russo said to simmon, godzilla kept us safe, but it was he who started the war. as soon as godzilla woke up, kong repeatedly attacked godzilla, but the situation turned around. godzilla returned the blow to kong. kong was bitten by godzilla and had pain in his arm. godzilla stepped on kong's body with his foot. godzilla took a very long breath and shouted at kong. kong tried to get up, but fell back and lost consciousness. despite all the warnings, simon continued to launch mechagodzilla. mesha gojilla, possessed by guidra's consciousness, awakens and kills simon. at this time, the pilot was also electrocuted to death. at this point, meshugo julie used her strength to escape. the battle between godzilla and mechagodzilla has begun. this time, godzilla was overwhelmed by the power of mechagodzilla. when daya put her hand on the ground, she heard kong's heartbeat slow down. andrew told dr lin, we need a power source strong enough to save kong. godzilla used atomic breath to fight mechagodzilla, but the stronger mechagodzilla's power burned a layer of godzilla's skin. at this time, dr lin was able to revive kong. daya tells kong that godzilla is not the enemy. the enemy is meshugo jilla. daya tells kong to be careful and come save godzilla. benny's team still cannot remotely turn off this aggressive robot. when mechagodzilla was about to use atomic breath, kong jumped up and opened mechagodzilla's mouth to save godzilla. kong was knocked down by mechagodzilla. godzilla reached for mechagodzilla's hand, and then kong got up and grabbed the other hand. meshugo jilla now overpowers both kong and godzilla. kong used an axe to slash at misha gojilla, but misha gojilla was unharmed. josh knocks out meshugo jill as control circuit with benny's boos. mesha gojilla is stalled, and godzilla and kong have time to recover. godzilla powers the axe with his atomic breath. it increases the power of the axe and allows kong to chop off his arms and legs and destroy mechagodzilla. russo is finally able to reunite with her father. at this point, godzilla considers kong worthy and gives kong the empty earth. finally, the long-standing feud between the two titans was resolved, and godzilla returned to the sea in peace. all have also returned to the peaceful life as before. kong bid everyone farewell to return as a king and rule the hollow earth. this is the end of the movie. see you in the next movie. thank you for watching the movie. 