hey guys, welcome back to the channel. so if you know about the conjuring series, you've probably heard of the nun. in the movie, father burke and sister irene must investigate a mysterious death in a cloister. while trying to figure out what really happened, they see that there's an evil spirit who's trying to kill them. in this video, we'll look at how you can beat the demonic nun and get away alive. the movie starts at a romanian convent called the abbey of saint carter in 1952. here we see two nuns going down a dark basement towards the door, saying, god ends here. the older one goes inside, and seconds later we see her bloody hand reaching out. she crawls out towards the younger one, telling her that she knows what she must do. following her instructions, she runs off into another room and goes towards an open window. after asking god for forgiveness, she puts a noose around her neck and looks back one more time. we see that the door is now open, and a dark figure slowly approaches. seeing that she has little time left, she jumps off the building, hanging yourself. here, both of the nuns can probably be saved, and the demon could have already been killed. but to know how to do that, we need to take a few seconds to explain what's going on here. so in the church, there's a certain space in the basement where there's a crack in the floor. the nun came out at this opening, which is behind the door. now, in order to get rid of the demon, what they must do is close this crack by pouring in the blood of christ, which is held in this relic and is hidden somewhere in the convent. but as it's explained later on, the crack in the basement was opened because of bombings on the building during world war ii, which ended in 1945. but now it's 1952. this means that the abbey has been dealing with the creepy nun for some time. it's also mentioned that they were aware of the demon roaming the halls every night, but no one ever asked for help or reported any of the strange incidents. if they would have done that, it could easily lead to other church officials taking action. and luckily, what they must do to get rid of the demon is pretty straight forward if you have a couple more people. but getting back to the hanging of the younger nun, that could have been avoided too. we see that she's running away from valik from this door, and she hangs herself up here. what the movie doesn't show you though, is that these two locations are kind of far apart. one is down in the basement, and the other is the highest room, which is across the convent. so she ran all this way and valley couldn't catch up. so she could have used the time it took to go to this room to instead run away from the convent. we see that the paranormal activity is concentrated around the abbey, and it gets less and less the further you go out. and there's actually an exit pretty close to the basement. simply running away is something that both of them could have done earlier that day, because there is no reason why they have to be in the basement to confront the demon right now, i also don't know why they waited until the middle of the night to do this. they can also go down here tomorrow. valley didn't even attack them until they walked into his room. now you might think that the demon would just kill them if they try to run away. however, he didn't kill the younger nun in the entire time that she was rushing to the other room. and later we'll see that people are going in and out of the abbey numerous times without a problem, even though they met the demon. that's kind of a running theme in the movie. valig usually shows up to spook people, but then he just walks away and leaves them alone. this leads me to believe that the two nuns could have left earlier that day. keep in mind, they knew about the demon before and decided to stay night after night. anyways, after that, we see frenchie, a villager living nearby, making a delivery to the convent. theory sees the dead nun. this news goes all the way up to the vatican, where a couple of church officials decide to recruit the help of father burke. they want him to investigate what's been going on here. they also tell him that he'll get the help of sister irene, who is a postulant, which is someone who isn't quite a nun yet. she'll tag along because she apparently knows the area very well. father burke then begins his journey, and starts with meeting sister irene. but she reveals that she's never been there and will be just as lost as him. so already she doesn't have to come along. she was only chosen because she can maybe guide burke. but that's not the case. this is probably the easiest way for her to avoid risking her life in the convent. she can not go, and if they make the right decisions later on, it doesn't make that much of a difference if she's there. but burr convinces her to still come with him. they then go to romania, into the village, to frenchie's house. he takes them to the convent with his horse. but when they arrive, the hanging body is no longer there. frenchie tells him that he's hidden it in the ice room, which is where he can go inside to make deliveries without going through the main gate. after looking at the corpse, the group makes their way into the convent and goes into the first room. there they meet the irreverent mother. burke asks her about the death of the nun and what's been going on here, but she's totally lost, it seems, like she didn't even know that someone died. honestly, i don't think she's gone off this chair in the last 40 years. so she's being very cryptic and says that the two should stay the night and tomorrow they will get the answers they seek. as it gets late, sister irene and burke go to where they'll sleep, and frenchie prepares to head home. on his way back, he goes through the woods around the castle. theory, sees a nun walking around, and frenchie decides to follow her. but after turning a corner, she disappears. yet he still wants to stop her. shortly after, she attacks him, looking like a demonic zombie. luckily, he's able to push her aside, and he walks away. here there were a couple of mistakes made that could have avoided the situation. first of all, when frenchie first sees the nun, there is no reason to follow her. it's not like she's in the way or he doesn't know how to get home. he even changes his direction to go towards her. i mean, you'd probably just think it's someone working who wants to be left alone, especially when she's completely ignoring him. walking the opposite way. later on, when he's closer and she disappears in a thin air, that should probably be the biggest sign that he should walk away. and here's why, all the villagers, including frenchie, already believe that the convent is haunted. when father burke explains how he's been sent here to find out if the place is evil, frenchie says, i can give you my opinion on that. now, father clearly insinuating that he already thinks that something's wrong here. so why would he follow this creepy, dark figure in the middle of the night? it would be much easier to keep walking home. later on, we see irene and burke going to sleep, but shortly after, he's woken up by a radio turning on and off by itself. then he hears some noises and sees a little kid walking around. he follows him outside and sees that the boy is able to teleport. burke decides to run after him into a graveyard, where he again teleports a couple of times. eventually he sees the boy spitting out a snake. when it tries biting him, he falls into a coffin already placed in a grave. the hole then covers itself up. and his only option is to pull a little string, which rings a bell. this will alert people nearby, which, in this castle in the middle of the forest at night, isn't a lot of people here. father burke unfortunately, fell for all of the demon's tricks. however, unlike the people we usually see in horror films, he's supposed to be kind of the expert. he's done numerous exorcisms and has confronted evil spirits for years. so he knows the signs of a demonic presence and the dangers it carries. therefore, he shouldn't follow it alone without any means to fight it. i mean, burke notices the radio turning on and off. he sees a little kid alone at night, teleporting all over the place, and he's being led into a graveyard. these seem like standard demonic occurrences, and there's no way that a kid accidentally walks into this building. still, burke, without any preparation, blindly follows the kid alone, even after seeing that he has supernatural powers, he can at least take sister irene with him. then irene wakes up in her bed and sees that father burke is not there. she walks into the prayer room, where the demon appears behind her and chokes her for a few seconds, but then just leaves one quick note here. and i'm just mentioning this because i was wondering about it throughout the whole movie. it's never really explained why the nun always scares everybody, but never kills anyone. it's your goal to possess someone so that she has access to our world beyond the convent. but so far she could have possessed the older nun in the beginning, sister wanna, father burke in the coffin and sister irene in the chapel. none of them had any weapons, and they were all outmatched by the nun. yet it lets each one of them go. but after being attacked, irene walks outside and hears the bell ringing from the graveyard. somehow she instantly knows that it's perk. noticing he's in trouble, she goes to his grave and starts digging him up. while she's doing this, father burke starts a lighter. and if you're in the same situation, which is very unlikely, don't do this, because there is very limited oxygen down here. if he starts a flame that sucks up all the air, it's likely that i'll pass out soon. and it takes pretty long to dig four to six feet into the ground. so burke looks around the coffin, and out of nowhere, two hands begin grabbing his face. luckily, when irene digs into the coffin and puts a hole in it and they can see each other, the hands disappear. here we get a pretty useful tip that will be helpful later on. when they walk off alone, it's much more likely that they get attacked by phallic and when they're together, the demon can disappear. so in order to ensure survival and minimize the attacks, they should stay together in a group. once burke is out of the grave, he sees a bunch of books in it, which he thinks hold the answers to their questions. then we cut to the next day as they walk past the bloodstain where the nun jumped out of the window. and going back in the morning is perhaps their biggest mistake. each one of them frenchie, irene and burke saw that there is definitely an evil presence here. they could end all of this by just leaving and reporting back to the vatican to get more help to tackle this thing. burke said that it's possible for more people to come down here. that means that after they survived the nun's attacks, they're done. they can go. now i think the reason why father burke wants to do this alone is because he doesn't agree with how the vatican handles these situations. and that would make sense if you're undertaking an exorcism on a person, as they could get hurt there, you want to be a lot more careful. but that's not the case here. so all they'd have to do is report back to the vatican and let them handle this. and as we'll see, having more people who know what they're doing will be a big help. i mean, they barely survived the first night. while in the convent, sister irene meets sister wanna. this is the same nun that died earlier. all of the people they see here don't actually exist. the mother reverend and all of the good nuns aren't really there. they're merely spirits that sister irene can see. the two could figure this out pretty easily, if she wouldn't have to walk around here alone. and since they already saw a demonic presence in the castle, they shouldn't split up anyways. while this is happening, burke is in the first room, reading the books he got from the grave last night. but they saw that there's already something wrong with this place, so if he wants to read some books, he can do that anywhere else. he doesn't need to do it in the haunted convent. it would be much better if he were to follow irene. as he's looking into the pages, the gate that leads inside the abbey suddenly closes. before we find out what happens, we go back to wanna talking to irene. she explains how the person that built this abbey back in the dark ages used it to summon an unspeakable evil from a gateway in the basement. luckily, he was interrupted by templars who stormed the castle and sealed the opening with the blood of christ. and that should have been the end of it. unfortunately, during world war ii, the abbey was bombed, which opened the gateway once again. after the story, they're interrupted by a different nun who tells her that it's time for awana to pray. she also sees that irene isn't a nun, just a postulant. this means that she can stay in the convent, as it's reserved for the nuns only. but awana informs them that the gates to get out of the convent have closed for the day, so she cannot leave. by the way, they're referring to the same gate that father perks saw closing. but there's still something she can try. when they first arrived, frenchie took them to the ice room, which is before the entrance and leads into the building. and there wasn't any lock on the door, so they could leave through that. since every knows about the ice room, she can ask if there isn't a way through there. what's even stranger is that the nuns themselves didn't tell her about this. they must know the abbey inside and out, as it's where they spend the entire day, so they must know about this alternative exit. so awana brings irene to another bedroom in the castle and locks the door. then we see burke who's still in the hall with his books. while he's reading about the valid demon, he's interrupted by the irreverent mother suddenly speaking up by the way, he was there for a few hours, so she sat there silently the entire day. he talks to her and asks what's really going on, but the woman only says that sister irene is already lost. it's too late, father, sister irene is lost. then she dies, and her dead body disappears. we go back to sister right reading as she wakes up from a nightmare in a room. the door to her room opens by itself, and irene walks out. she looks around the building and eventually goes down into the basement, towards the same door from the beginning, only a few feet in front of it. the door opens by itself, and valik is slowly revealed. seeing this tree, tries to run away, and the demon just lets her. i i don't know why this attack from valik was also avoidable, because irene shouldn't be down here to begin with. i don't know why she randomly walks down this spooky corridor deep in the night when she wakes up in a room. there should only be two goals, leave the abbey or find father burke. and even if she wants to investigate the place, she already saw that there's a powerful demon here. and as frenchie explained earlier, the crosses are a sign that they want to keep something evil away. irene should know, ok, this is not where i want to go alone with no means to fight back against the nun. she can wait until the next morning to check this home way out with some help, if she really has to. seriously, who in the hell wakes up at 2 in the morning and instantly thinks, yes, let's go into the creepy basement all alone. i don't know. we cut the book, and it seems that he's trapped in the hall. he hears a couple of voices and sees the mother, reverend walking into a confessional and disappearing in it. then that kid who has snakes coming out of his mouth appears. after almost making out with him, he runs up the stairs and escapes the room. okay, so here it turns out that the door was open the entire time, which is a little bit weird, because i thought the point was that he can't leave. remember, that gate closed and he couldn't escape. but apparently he can just walk out. this means that when he saw the reverend mother warning him that irene was about to die, after which she snapped her own neck and vanished into thin air. he chose to stay to walk around the room for a bit. so he could have gone to irene a long time ago. and even though the front gate is closed, he too can go through the ice room back into the building. however, this doesn't occur to father brook until later. by the way, in case this is still a little bit confusing, which it kind of is, here's a little closer explanation. the room has two exits, the front door, which is over here and leads into the castle, and the back door, which has the stairs going up, which goes outside. the front door closed, but the back door was still open. and in front of the castle is the ice room. back with sister irene, she went into the chapel with sister awana to pray, as they believe that it will keep the demon away. then an army of nuns enter, and they all start praying together. but we already saw that praying doesn't really do that much against vali. they have been praying the entire time, and he was still able to kill all the nuns. also, valik is roaming around the halls at night, slowly taking out anything that's in his way. i mean, the very thing you're praying to get rid of is walking around your house right now, killing people. so it's clearly not that effective, and they should maybe try something else. anyway, all the nuns are praying, and they get taken out one by one. so their prayers didn't work. big surprise. after they're all thrown around the room, irene is marked with a pentagram. keep in mind, like i said earlier, none of these nuns actually exist. they're merely spirits that sister irene sees that guide her through the night. then father burke finally figures out that he can go into the ice room to go back into the building to save irene. while he's in there, he almost enters the castle through the delivery door, but then he hears a ring. he turns back and sees a bell tied to a string. and burke decides to follow it as it gets pulled across the floor. it leads him to the ice where another zombie demon jumps out. by the way, this is like when someone puts a dollar on a string to trick some [ __ ] into following the money. burke should know this, and he can clearly see the string, so he can see that somebody's trying to lead him somewhere. and there's only one person that would possibly do this, and that's the demon. irene is locked in the castle. that's where he's trying to go. frenchy is not supposed to pick them up until tomorrow. and the mother reverend is dead, which only leaves valic. this would fit, since it's been messing with him the entire time. and the old woman told him that irene is very quickly running out of time and about to die, so he shouldn't get distracted this easily. as he's confronted by the demon, and it walks towards him, frenchie shows up and chops it down with an axe. and this reveals some pretty valuable information. they can kill the demon zombies with brute force alone, and it's really effective. this is probably the only horror movie where you can beat up a demon. the two then go into the building and knock on the door of the chapel. irene hears this and lets them in. when they're reunited, she says that they've all been praying. this is when father burke reveals that she's alone. there are no other nouns. it's just her. she then says that they now have proof that the castle is haunted. well, technically, you had that since the first night when they saw the demon, but any kind of progress is good with me. while they're standing around the chapel, a dead body starts attacking them. father burke tries fighting it with a cross, but frenchie finishes it with a shotgun, which is a great idea. they then prepare to end this once and for all. irene explains what sister awana told her, that the crack in the basement must be sealed, but we can't close it without the relic, the blood of christ, christ, jesus christ. so they must find the blood to send valic back to hell. but it's a pretty bad idea to do this all on their own. they know that the abbey is haunted, and they're outmatched by valic. they're barely able to fight one of the demon zombies at a time. so they can, once again, get the help of the vatican. because it's extremely unlikely that they'll win. they can leave and wait for help. they don't even know where the blood of christ is, so there's no guarantee that they'll even make it. on top of that, if they die or valik possesses one of them, he wins, and then there's no hope at all. but the group decides to go into the catacombs trying to find the blood. with the help of irene's premonitions, she's able to get it from behind a hidden door. burke decides to put it around sister irene's neck, as she's the only one worthy of carrying such a holy relic. now they have the tool to kill valik, as the blood of christ will kill any demonic spirit. the three of them then go into the basement to make their way to the crack in the floor. while trying to find where exactly valik's gateway is, burke decides to split from the group and go down some random hallway, even though he already saw that staying together is much smarter than being alone. frenchy eventually also goes away on his own. once they're all alone, without any idea where the others are, irene goes into an open door, which she believes leads to valid's gateway. then frenchie hears irene screaming. he goes into the same door and sees her leaning on the floor. when he tries talking to her, she appears possessed and starts attacking him. while she's threatening him, frenchie takes some blood of the relic, puts it in his hand and smears it on her face. this hurts the demon so much that it escapes her body. but while irene is free from the none, frenchie still gets choked by her. here, it should be pretty easy for frenchie to escape and stop valik from attacking him. we see that his arms are free, so what he can do is slap valik. and because he still has some blood from the relic on it, since he used his hand to wipe it on irene, he could get rid of valik. we saw earlier that it doesn't take that much blood to get rid of the demon. the templars only used a couple of drops of the blood. so what's left on his hand should be enough for now. anyway, while frenchie is getting attacked, the demon throws irene into the room with his gateway. then it lets go a frenchie and pursues her. as it slowly approaches it begins drowning her in the water. having to think fast, irene comes up with a way to trick valek. she puts the blonde other relic in her mouth and pretends to be dead. when valic lifts her up. why does he lift her up? that's whatever. when valic lifts her up, she spits all of the blood in her face. this hurts the demon so much that it goes back into the crack, and it looks like they got rid of it once and for all. the next day, they all prepare to leave, but when frenchie takes them back to the village with his horse, we see an upside down cross appearing on his neck. in a quick epilogue, we see the warrants from the conjuring. one they talk about the french farmer that was possessed and began speaking latin backwards. it turns out that was frenchy. what happened was that when he was getting choked by valik, it possessed them, and the demon practically won. this could have been avoidable if he slapped valik with the blood, or if they never went into the basement to begin with. it was a pretty risky move since they weren't properly prepared. and the vatican even said that they would help if father burke would have told them what happened. there wasn't any time pressure either. so they could wait outside, wait for a week and go in there with the proper help. so that's how you can beat 2018's the nun. let me know what you guys think of the movie. while not flawless, i actually think it's quite entertaining. as always, i hope you liked it and that i get to see you guys in the next video. bye, guys. you 