alright, guys, welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. and this episode we will be spoiling The Avengers. this movie somewhat relies on that you've seen you individual character movies, but I'll do my best to explain the pertinent information. I will also be uploading summaries of all the individual characters, so check those out too if you want some more information. to get started, let's do a quick rundown of the Avengers team. Tony Stark, aka Iron Man. he's a billionaire genius that has no actual powers, but incredibly advanced technology that helps him fight bad guys. Thor aka, pretty boy from Asgard, the god of thunder who carries a hammer that cannot be moved. Bruce Banner, aka the Hulk, a scientist that, when he gets angry, becomes a massive green creature that is nearly invincible. Steve Rogers, aka Captain America, a genetically enhanced man from the 1940s that was frozen for 70 years, and is sometimes a bit of out of touch with modern times. Clint Barton, aka Hawkeye, a new character to the modern Marvel movie universe who does not have his own individual movie, and, frankly, no one really cares about him. Hawkeye, his weapon of choice is a bow and arrow, but does not have any real specific superpowers. Natasha Romanoff, aka Black Widow, honestly safer maybe pretty boy Thor. she's the best looking member of the offenders. she also does not have her own movie, but I'd definitely watch it if she did. she's a highly trained former Soviet spy who is a master assassin and seductress. Nick Fury, while not an actual Avenger, he's the director of shield, an organization that is sort of like a souped-up CIA that sometimes uses superheroes. the avengers work as a part of shield. now that we've explained who is part of the team, let's get to the story. the movie begins with Thor's not-so-nice brother, Loki. Loki meets a character called the other, who is the leader of an alien race known as the Chitauri. Loki gets an object called the tesseract from shield and gives it to the other. the other will give loki an army capable of taking over earth. the tesseract has been seen in quite a few other Marvel movies, especially in the first Captain America movie. I will be doing a summary of those movies, explaining the history a bit more, so make sure to check them out. the tesseract is an infinity stone. for more in-depth explanation of what Infinity stones are, check out my guardians of the galaxy movie summary. the main thing to know about the tesseract is it's a cube of great power. and the other wants it so he can give it to his master, Thanos. nearly all of the recent Marvel movies, at least on some level, have been influenced by Thanos, but we only have seen glimpses of him. Thanos is gonna be playing a big role in the future, and his desire to get his hands on the Infinity stones is very important. loki breaks into the shield headquarters and ends up capturing the tesseract, as well as mind controlling a good amount of shield scientists, including dr. Erik Selvig, the professor from the Thor movies, as well as Hawkeye. Nick Fury escapes this attack and works to get the Avengers together, which does take a bit of convincing. the mind controlled Hawkeye ends up stealing iridium that is needed to stabilize the tesseract, while at the same time, Loki makes a very loud and obvious distraction. Loki is captured by the Avengers and taken to shield ship known as the Helicarrier. however, the tesseract is still hidden away from the Avengers. after some investigating, the Avengers learned that shield wants the tesseract cube so they can weaponize it, which starts a big argument between the agents of shield and the members of the Avengers. while arguing, the mind controlled Hawkeye and several others of Loki's crew attacked the Helicarrier. a big fight breaks out. loki escapes and hawkeye is knocked unconscious, which breaks him from his mind control. the avengers attempt to recover, while loki puts the final parts of his plan into action. the still mind controlled dr. Selvig has set up the tesseract on the roof of a building in New York City, which he uses to open a massive wormhole. from the wormhole, a giant army of Chitauri pours in, the same army that the other promised to Loki for capturing the tesseract. a huge fight breaks out. between Loki's army and the Avengers. the US. government attempts to use a nuclear missile to destroy the whole city of New York in order to prevent the attack from spreading. but iron man takes the missile through the wormhole, causing it to detonate on the other side in a galaxy far away. the explosion causes the wormhole to close, and Iron Man falls back to earth. Loki is defeated in a rather brutal way by the Hulk, and then Thor takes both Loki and the tesseract back to Asgard. so that, guys, was the spoilers for the movie The Avengers. if you like my videos, please like and subscribe and let me know in the comments what movie you would like me to spoil next 