I've just thought Thor swag neuro and I thought it was really good level that you never gonna get back. always push it open to the brain. never respect you. respect that retrieves the tteyuu beachhead. [Music]. having never seen a Thor movie before, I kind of didn't know what to expect coming into this. you could say, I happened Thor Thor before it, please. don't just like the video. the movie really sucks you in, and it's great for newcomers. it's a really good popcorn movie that's basically about Thor travelling across the universe to stop his home, ask God do that joke about 10 times, getting destroyed by his evil sister. no one's mentioned her before. she's shown up. it's the evil sister thing, you know, one of them. I've got an evil twin brother, who, by the looks of it, is the god of throwing swords, because that's all she does try the whole movie. and he has to team up with his best mates to take her down. the opening hours a bit slow. I didn't really know what expected. going off the trailers. it wasn't really anything like that. so I really wanted them to get through that middle in the film really ramps up when we get to the Thor Hulk fight. and it's hilarious and works really well. and it's just the right length. and it's a really good, action-packed fight. what I love about the Thor fight is is a Thor loser like so there's also some brilliant cameos in the movie. we'll get a great one from, spoiler alert, Benjamin Cumberland. we'll also get a great Stanley one. spoiler on that one. Stanley's in the film. Jeff Goldblum's also really good in it. he does are a great Jeff Goldblum impression. that was a terrible actually see Jeff Goldblum or as the villain, as opposed to Heller, the Cate Blanchett character. it's just he fits more in with this movie, where she seems sort of alien to everything. a lot of the movies lowest points are when we follow her and she goes on a crappy little adventure with Karl Urban that no one really cares about. nice. you want to get to the 8u sci-fi stuff. another big problem that I have with the movie is some of the jokes don't really learn like model, have sort of painted themself into this corner where they have like a really serious, touching moment, and then someone bursts out with a hilarious joke, add some levity. but when you do know, every three minutes, it does your head in. you know, us humans, but complex characters. sure, we like a laugh once in a while, but we also like to see severity of the situation, knowing that within our weaknesses, that comes strengths, and we can be whoever we want, no matter what. and I want to poop my pants. that's basically what it is, every five minutes. and it just kind of gets on your nerves. and it really doesn't take this movies backed away, and it turns it from being what could have been quite a deep an emotional film, and it just your standard popcorn movie. I mean, it is good. I don't miss like off. but it couldn't be elevated to such a higher point if they had it just kept some of them emotion within these moments. still, though it's a great ride, it certainly got me more interested in what's gonna come regarding in the future. I do kind of want to go back and watch the first two which yet well done. it's accomplished its goal and getting me interested in those films. so what did you think of the film? have you bought it? what? what? what do you think? let us know yet, or I'll knock you out. or subscribe by clicking my face somewhere, appear somewhere. thanks for checking out my review, and I'll see you next time. take care. poof. 