hello guys. welcome back to our channel. today we'd like to introduce you a film called man in black three. for beginning, please feast your eyes on a charming woman, except the cake is pretty shaky. everything is good, i thought. she is bringing the cream cake for a handsome man, it turns out, for a old man, looks like a monster. the man with an arm off and two eyes that look like binoculars is boris. people usually call him boris the animal. he is an intergalactic criminal. he and his girlfriend are snogging. this scene should have made people jealous, but no, they make me sick. to celebrate for something. he want to eat the cream cake. he'd like two pills. man cut it. instead of cutting the cake with a knife, this fat policeman punched the cake with his fist, causing the cake to fall apart. suddenly, from the cake there are a monstrous animal with sharp legs coming out and killing two policemen under boris command. it broke the chains for its lord and crawled into his monstrous palm. in an instant, they go to the door and kill the prison guards easily. an army appear. he should have been killed, but no, he used heavy weapons. to make a hole in the selling of the prison. all disappeared from his legs. roots sprouted suddenly and went deep into the floor in order to help him balance. and then he let the girl fly free. he finally escaped from the prison built on the moon and returned to earth for revenge. in the earth, these two guys are k and j. they are secret agents. they have researched and invented a camera that can erase other people's memories, only good things left. they have a mission to protect the earth from the invasion of aliens. after coming back to earth, boris meets this white guy and asks him something that can help somebody go back in time. he needs to take revenge on the guy who broke his arm, and that person is k. k and j go to a restaurant. they are stalking monsters to kill them. the owner of the restaurant is this man. his body is very monstrous. the food here is also monstrous. he trades and cooks alien the bowl of noodles, which still has eyeballs like this, who can eat. while they were discussing the plan, a guy came into the restaurant and attacked them without hesitation. they began to attack them back. jay killed the guy in the kitchen. k beat him up and his head was dented. jay came to a girl to comfort her, but instead of thanking him for his kindness, she used her long tongue to attack jay. he jerked his hand strongly, and she was gone immediately. at this moment, k met boris on the rooftop. just as he was about to attack a j appeared and blocked the door to escape for k. boris attack them constantly, forcing them to the ground. thanks to the door, they landed safely. boris didn't chase he just told k one sentence, you don't know k, you're dead. the sentence stimulated j curiosity. jay tried to ask k what happened, but k just said, my biggest mistake in the past was to imprison him instead of killing him. jay replied to kay that now we will kill him together. because kate did not want his partner to be in danger, he told jade not to get involved. jay went to the secret office to see some information about boris and some of his murders, by the way. he looked at some information about kaye and discovered the k was not only responsible for the arrest of boris, but also deployed arc net, a shield that helps prevent the bagladites from attacking earth. in the evening, when jay was playing video games, he received a call from kk. seems like to release a secret, but finally he hung up in silence. k opens a secret box hidden behind a bookcase, in which there are many heavy weapons. k chose to take a gun. k fired one shot, he disappeared. and in his room, a very strange space appeared. suddenly, space changed. maybe kaye got back in time. he back to 1969. the next morning, jay went to kaye's house, but the person who opened the door was a woman, and she said she didn't know who kaye was. so angry, jay snatched the cup of chocolate from the baby and emptied it. he immediately returned to the office. but no one knew about k. agent o told j that k died 40 years ago because he saved the earth from the attack of boglodite. when history changed and kaye is dead, jay discovers that only his memory is unaffected. and no one at the secret office understands his obsession with kj. told oh a series of kaye's habits. she deduced that there was a time that k and boris head back to 1969. at the moment, the buglodyte is attacking the earth. without k and the arc net program has also not been deployed, there would be nothing to protect the earth from the bog lodi invasion. so jay had a mission to go back in time to prevent boris and save kj. meets the white guy and asks him about the exact time boris came back, and also asks him to tell jay how to go back in time. he gives jay the key to go back in time. he and jay go to the top floor of the building, set the time to go back. the only thing j have to do is to jump off. at this moment, he probably wants to quit job. regaining his spirit, he begins to jump down. while flying, suddenly, a pincer somewhere blew away the key. but by skillful twisting, he caught the key. everything changed again. it looked like the same place. but jay had successfully time traveled return to 1969. after reading documents at secret office, he knew that in 1969, in coney island, boris would commit a murder. so he stole a car and immediately go to coney island. this is boris. when he was young. he was at the amusement park. he killed this big-headed old man. jay found out him and almost caught boris. suddenly, there is a gun pointed at his head from behind. it was k when he was young. before they could say hello to each other, kaye gave jay a burning jerk. when jay woke up, he was in case agent in the past. after questioning for a while, kaye found that jay knew a lot about him. and at the end, he actually sent jade to erase his memory. as the process begins, jay tries to tell k that he is here to help k kill boris and bring peace to the world. jay tries to plead with cain not to erase his memory, or else the world will perish. when kaye heard this, k realized that it was important. at the last minute, k decided to believe j, agreeing to let j investigate with me. they follow a clue that leads them to a bowling alley. unfriendly, these two guys intend to attack a just in time, jay appears and attacks them from behind. his head is quite suitable for bowling. jay immediately showed his talent to his friend. back to the mission, they discovered the murdered body. looking at the magazine, they found the next clue. following the clues, they went to the factory where they met an alien named griffin. this person can see the timeline and predict the future. griffin says boris is trying to kill him because he has what he wants. he tells k and j that if they can defeat him, he will give it to them. sensing boris approaching, he had to quickly escape. but jay deliberately kept him to stay here. at that moment, boris appeared, as the foretold. he almost killed griffin, but he still escaped. boris saw that and ran away. jay chased after him. he climbed into a car, aimed at him and was about to say goodbye to him. suddenly the car moved. that makes jay fall down, truly losing his face. too bad. they went to a bakery, chatting with each other a bit, from a stranger, they find where griffin is. by accident, mr k returned all weapons to jay. they went to the soccer field together and met griffin there. it didn't look good, but griffin was actually watching a pretty interesting football match through his powers. this surprised jay, and he found it wonderful. keep his promise, griffin gave them a candy box, which was arc net, a shield to protect the earth. griffin says, he lost his planet. he doesn't want to see the human world disappear. he needs some miracle, and that k and j will protect this earth. emotions were overflowing when boris came and grabbed griffin and deliberately broke kaye's car. genuine cars have a different k press from the bottom of the car to reveal two cool new motorcycles. surely the future world will not have a car like this. eager to try it, jay was spinning around in the car until his eyes were dizzy. kaye shows him the controls and the two begin a chase. the racing scene is extremely satisfying. perhaps after this match, two people will participate in the association of formula one drivers. boris got the arc net box from griffin's neck. after the cat and mouse fight, case saved griffin, and boris jumped into the wall and caught fire. no, the car caught fire, and boris escaped. after the failed chase, boris travels back in time to meet his younger self, asking each other, a few questions, arguing a bit in general. in the end, the two boris allied with each other for the purpose of destroying the arc net shield, killing k and invading the earth. jnk's surfing is so spectacular that when the car stops it makes griffin want to stick his head in the trash can. everything was fine until griffin took off the hat on his head. oh my gosh. on top of his head was the real arc net. it turned out that boris had just got it was a fake. griffin used his powers to take it out and give it to k. all k needed to do was launch it into the air. on july 16, 1969, in florida at cape canaveral, there will be a launch event to the moon. they have six hours to get there and attach arc net to the nose of the spacecraft. but j stopped k, because in the future, k would die there. outraged, k gave jay a shocking punch. griffin tells jay to let him go, because k is the only hope of saving the world. they immediately returned to base to meet with agent o. and she took them to the cosmonaut toolkit that helped them fly to florida. k and og all were in position and ready to depart. soon after they reached florida, they walked in and they were stopped by the police. they were immediately taken to colonel james's place for inconclusive reasons and considered [ __ ]. so they could not enter. griffin showed his ability to predict the future to the colonel, and he was persuaded to allow kaye and jay inside. griffin said goodbye to jnk because he had finished his mission. at this time. colonel james quickly brought them up to the tower. while chatting with each other about a few random sentences, suddenly the sound of a bang made k and j howell. boris 2012 appeared to pull j out. and k continued to escape. he did not hesitate to throw jay down. fortunately, he grabbed the rope jay and landed safely downstairs. mr kate had reached the top of the tower and was about to go to the bow of the ship when boris 1969 appeared and punched him. he went to get arc net, but k promptly shot him upside down. kaye went to the arc net when suddenly the iron bar moved, causing his leg to get stuck. jay distracts him by calling him an animal. enraged that, he throws spikes repeatedly at jj. approached him and hugged him and jumped down. this time he pressed the clock back to the previous time by a few minutes. this time he easily slipped through his spikes with ease and punched him with a slam dunk and killed boris. as for mr k, boris 1969 came up with the arc net. hey, hey, he's here to give you a break. quickly. kay grabs arc net and puts it on the bow. come on, quickly, get out of here. the ship launched into space. boris also died due to extreme heat when preparing to launch. so k and j have succeeded. their hard work has paid off, and the earth will also be protected by arc net. suddenly, boris 1969 appeared. he shot and killed colonel james. kate promptly gave it a shot. perhaps colonel james did not survive. at that time, there was a boy in the car getting off. the boys mandarin watch was similar to jay's. so it was jay when he was a child, and colonel james was jay's father. mr k used the camera to erase the painful memory of his father, and told the boy that your father is a hero. he immediately returned to reality. after returning, jay saw his old friend shaking his lap, enjoying music and sipping some cake and tea. jay thanked mr k for what he had done. the two talked for a while, then left. but they didn't see griffin there. but he discovers k forgot to tip, and a meteor is about to hit earth. k discovered and promptly paid. and the meteorite crashed into a satellite. griffin happily says, what a near-death experience. this is the end of the movie. see you in the next movie. thank you for watching the movie. 