welcome to the man of recaps. this is the legend of korra. full series recap. in the last airbender, aang and team avatar defeated the fire lord and saved the world. on the burn section of the earth kingdom, they built republic city where people of all nations could live together in peace and lived a long, happy life. but eventually, the avatar cycle of reincarnation continued into cora. she's a real physical, busting, fists blazing kind of avatar. she's spent her life so far at her home in the southern water tribe, training with the members of the white lotus, including katara, who must be real old now. she's already mastered three of the four elements. the only one left is air. but who's gonna teach her airbending? aang was the last airbender. luckily, aang had an airbending kid. it's tenzin, who's already got three young airbending kids of his own. he takes car with him back to republic city, a shiny beacon of modern times. yeah, technology's progressed very quickly since the last airbender. cora immediately starts fighting some local gangs, but the city doesn't need her help they've got a highly trained police force of metal benders. they use long metal cables, which at first i thought was weird, until i realized that's the easiest way to carry a lot of metal on you. yeah. our girl, toff, from the last airbender. after she invented metal bending, founded the republic city police force. current chief is toff's daughter, linde fong. and like her mother, she's kind of grumpy on air temple island. cora's beginning her airbending training, but she's not really the meditating type. the airbending philosophy of don't attack, evade, is not really her style. what is her style is the wildly popular pro-bending league. yeah, they've turned bending into an organized sport. she befriends earthbender bolin, who's the real nice, funny guy type. he's on the fire ferrets, named after his animal companion, babu. his brother's a firebender named mako, who, much like zuko, is a real serious, angsty boy type. conveniently, they just lost their waterbender, so korra joins the team. and organized sports turns out to be the perfect way for her to understand the concepts of airbending. but there's a new danger growing in republic city, a group called the equalists, non-vendors who are sick of being oppressed by the bending elite. they're led by their super cool, masked leader, amman. and somehow he has the ability, just like aang did to firelord ozai, to take people's bending away permanently. i mean, while the fire ferrets have won their way into the championship tournament, unfortunately, they don't have enough money to pay the entrance fee. but that changes when mako gets hit by a scooter driven by an absolute knockout asami. she's a huge bro-bending fan, and conveniently super rich. her father, hiroshi sato, is one of the biggest industrialists in the city, and agrees to sponsor the fire ferrets. the team is doing great untilkur confesses her crush on mako, but mako just started dating asami, awkward. but bolin has a crush on korra, and she agrees to go out with him, which makes mako jealous. and he confesses he likes cora, and they kiss, right when bolin sees it's a mess and it ruins their team chemistry. eventually, they agree this love square thing is dumb. let's all just be friends. now, cora doesn't like asami at first. she's jealous about mako and thinks she's just a rich girl. but actually, asami's a huge badass who likes extreme sports. and soon she and korra are bffs. but turns out to somi's father is working for the equalists. yes, a bender killed his wife and it turned him into a villain. he's built these epic robots designed to take down benders, and they're made out of platinum, so metal benders can't bend them. he's like, asami, join me on the dark side. but she's like, no, thanks, pops. i'm gonna be a good guy. so she and the gang make it their mission to take down the equalists, and they form the new team avatar. they're not riding around on a fluffy animal though. they got a sweet sports car and a super cool steampunk vibe. councilman tarlock is also committed to fighting him on, but he's clearly just using this to gain power for himself. pretty soon, core finds out he's a villain, but not just any villain. he's a bloodbender. yes, the terrifying technique we learned about in the last airbender, where you bend the water in a person's body to control them. he locks core in his basement, where she finally succeeds at meditating and meets a grown-up ang oh, he got hot. he was working with police chief adult toff and councilman adult saka to take down a notorious gangster, who turns out is a prodigy bloodbender. can do it, not during the full moon, and without even moving. king eventually goes avatar state and takes his bending away. turns out councilman tarlock is his son, back for revenge. but you know who hates all benders, amman. and somehow blood bending doesn't affect him. oh, he takes this guy's bending away. one villain down, but ahman's the bigger threat. with the sami's father's help, he's got an army and has taken over the city. but republic city's got an army of their own, led by general iro zuko's son. tell her, we will be arriving in three days time, and then i look forward to winning back republic city together. unfortunately, asami's father has just invented airplanes and wipes out their whole fleet. so core and mako use the stealth approach, where they find a locked up tarlock who explains that amman is his brother. yeah. their father escaped and started a new life where he had two sons and tried to teach them the art of blood bending to come back and get revenge. amon especially got very good at it and found a way, through blood bending, to take people's bending away. and now he's got cora. oh, no, it's happening. yes, he's taken away the avatar's bending. but wait, what's this? an air bending punch. yeah, she had never airbended before, so i guess he couldn't take it away. and with that, boom, blasts him out the window. amman's exposed his waterbender and loses all his followers. so he's got a piece out of there. he grabs his brother with a speedboat, and it's like, yes, brother, we'll come back together and conquer the city. later. the tarlock realizes now he and his brother are the bad guys. and so what's this? oh, a brother murder, suicide. heavy, of course. bending, though, seems to be permanently gone. until she meets adultang. he's like, what's up, girl? me and all your past lives are here to help unlocks your bending. and yeah, avatar's back in action. she and mako start making out, and that's the end of book one. in book two, spirits, korra goes home to the southern water tribe for the annual spirits festival. oonalock, the chief of the northern water tribe, comes too. that is korra's father's brother, and they don't like each other. unlock brings his twin kids with them, eska and desna. and bolin's got a huge crush on whichever one's the girl. she is, in fact, voiced by aubrey plaza, and is one of the best characters in the show. you amuse me. i will make you mine. you mean like a boyfriend or like a slave? yes. win me prizes. belin may have been off more than he can chew here. he spends the season trying to dump her, but she does not let him. meanwhile, lunalock is a real party pooper. he's like, this fun festival disgraces the spirits. you may be right though, because that night the dark spirits attacks, and only unlock knows the way to, like, disperse it. he's like, avatar. i need your help to restore balance. we've got to go down to the southern spirit portal where you can use your avatar powers to, boom, reopen it. so the day is saved. but the next day, unlock's whole army arrives and occupies the southern water tribe. he's like, trust me, i'm a good guy. but it's soon apparent he's not. meanwhile, asami is running her father's company and has a meeting with another wealthy industrialist, and the best character on the show. it's varric. he is a wacky, insane genius, basically tony stark on steroids. okay, here come the ideas, fast and furious, radio for pets, uh, hand shoes. he's never far from his assistant, julie, and has this catchphrase, julie, do the thing. andy mavitar escape on his yacht back to republic city, where they try to convince the president to help, but he's like, hey, i can't intervene in internal water tribe affairs. mako actually takes the president's side. he's become a public city cop and chooses his duty over korra. so, oh, she dumps his ass. she's going back down to fight unlock herself, but oh, a giant, dark spirit comes and eats her. varric takes berlin under his wing. he's making propaganda films about the water tribe civil war, and casts bolin as the lead. he's knocked up the hero of the south. about one day after cora leaves, mako and asami get back together. maku's investigating a bombing and finds out that the pyrotechnics in the movie is the same remote detonator that varric invented. yes, varric is the bad guy, but he can't prove it. veric hasn't framed and arrested. cora wakes up on an island with amnesia and has a spirit vision quest to learn about the first avatar, juan. in ancient times, humanity lived on giant lion turtles, who would give them the power of bending temporarily to defend themselves against the spirits. one eventually befriended the spirits, and when he saw these giant kite ones fighting, decided to break it up. but, ooh, that was the evil batu, and now he's let it escape the good spirits. rava's like, hey, i need your help. see normally humans can only have one type of bending, but if i give you some of my power, you can have multiple at a time. so one traveled around to the lion turtles, got all the bending and mastered all the elements. so on the day of harmonic convergence, juan and rava came to face vatu, and with their powers combined, avatar state managed to seal him away for good. and they closed the portals to the spirit world so batu could never escape. so thus began the legacy of the avatar charged with keeping balance in the world. and it's rava's spirit that passes on and reincarnates him when he dies. tenzin, meanwhile, has been on vacation with his family, including his siblings. yeah, ain't tara had two other kids. he's the only airbender, though his sister kai is a waterbender, and his brother boomi is not a bender, but he is insane and hilarious. eventually, korra comes back with the bad news that unlocks going to release the evil spirits and take over the world, or whatever. tenzin tries to help korra meditate into the spirit world, but it's actually his oldest daughter, genora, who has the natural connection to the spirits. and who does korra meet in the spirit world but uncle iro. apparently near the end of his life, he decided to abandon his body and come to the spirit world for permanent retirement. and in true uncle iro fashion, he gives cora some good tea and good advice. you will find that if you look for the light, you can often find it. but if you look for the dark, that is all you will ever see. the mission's a huge failure though, because genora gets captured, and unlocked forces korra to open the other spirit portal back in republic city. bolin's a full-on movie star now, and the fictional unlock is carrying out his master plan, while the real luna locks kidnapping the president, while nuktuk saves the day on screen, but lin saves the day in real life. but turns out they weren't sent by unlock. they were sent by varric oh, the jigsaw. varek points out though, that he's not really a bad guy. his whole plot to capture the president and blame it on unlock was just to get republic city to join the war. if anything, he's the good guy. cora comes back excited to see her boyfriend, mako. yeah, she's got just enough amnesia she doesn't remember that they broke up. and the love triangle is back on. anyway, team avatars go into the north pole to stop unlock. and long story short, they get to the spirit world just too late. it's harmonic convergence, and vatu is released from his prison. cora goes avatar state and fights this giant kite, but this time, batu's got his own human champion, and unlock becomes the dark avatar. they have an avatar fight. unlock doesn't have all the elements, by the way, just water. but he does have a huge power up and is able to pull rava out of gora. he starts bashing rava directly, which erases korra's past lives, until bam, rava destroyed and the avatar cycle ended. then he turns into a giant spirit monster and attacks republic city. now republic city is not defenseless. it's got a strong modern army led by general iro, but they weren't prepared for a giant spirit monster, and unlock wipes out his whole fleet. then cora meditates in a tree and becomes a giant spirit of herself, and they have a huge kaiju fight in the harbor. we're in full anime mode now. i have no idea what's happening. but in the end, core is able to save a fragment of the spirit of rava and destroy unlock and uh avatars back in business. but the memory of all those past lives were permanently erased. so that's kind of a bummer. cora's going to reseal the spirit portals, but she's like, wait a second. maybe i should leave them open and humans and spirits can live together in harmony. tens in your wives. what do you think? and he's like, cora, i'm going to be honest with you, i have no idea what's going on. i'm just sticking around because i heard season three is pretty cool. so now it's book three, change, where spirits have reinhabited a world, which is nice, except that sometimes they do it in the middle of the city. but there's an unexpected side effect. uncle boomy is now an airbender. what? and it's not just him. a bunch of random people have suddenly developed airbending. opening the spirit portals is bringing balance back to the world. so the gang's gonna fly around the world finding airbenders on a sami's awesome new blimp. by the way, korra finally remembered that she and mako broke up, and they agree it's best if we're just friends. mako's very awkward for a bit around both korra and asami, but this just brings the girls closer together. now, tenzin is very excited to rebuild the air nomad nation, but turns out most people are not cut out to be monks. they find one promising recruit, though, a young orphan named kai, who starts out as a bit of a thief and a con artist, but eventually becomes part of the family. but now in a secret prison on top of a mountain is zaheer, a villain with a zen-like philosophy and a super cool voice. lahima once wrote, instinct is a lie told by a fearful body hoping to be wrong. he was so dangerous he was locked up here without even being a bender, and now he has air bending. so he busts out of there no problem. he travels to a wooden prison in the middle of the ocean and tosses some rocks to his earth bending buddy, who's mastered a special technique of lava bending. in a metal prison in the middle of a volcano. is a woman with no arms, but when they give her some water, oh, she's water bending arms. what a crazy technique. these three breakouts attract the attention of our boy, fire lord zuko. he teams up with cora's dad to stop zaheer. but here's too much of a badass. he rescues their firebender, a real tall girl with, oh, what's this? the combustion man tattoos. yeah, sparky, sparky. boom. now, unaware of this trouble brewing, team avatar has made it to the grand metropolis of bossing. say. unfortunately, the modern era has only increased the divide between the rich and poor. as the new earth queen is a terrible person who cares more about her shrubberies than caring for her citizens. she tells cora there are no airbenders embossing sei, which seems unlikely. and indeed, the daily are kidnapping them and conscripting them into an airbender army team. avatar won't stand for that and breaks them all out, which unfortunately makes them enemies of the earth kingdom. but all these new airbenders who can't go home are happy to join the new air nation. team avatar's last stop is the super cool, new metal city of zafu. the earth vendors here have turned metal bending into a true art form, and they're led by zhu yin bei fong. yes, that is toff's other daughter. she and her sister lin do not get along though. it's a whole thing going back to their childhood. and eventually they fight it out and then make up. suyun teaches cora metal bending, which she picks up pretty quickly. but bolin can't pick it up at all. but he does pick up her daughter, opal, a real nice girl. they hit it off, and turns out she's the new airbender they're here to recruit. but sahir's gang shows up with a dastardly plot to kidnap the avatar, and it turns into an epic fight. long story short, core attracts him to the spirit world, where he explains he's a member of the red lotus. according to him, the white lotus has been corrupted. they're now just pawns of the establishment that keep people oppressed. the red lotus is all about true freedom, which in his mind, is anarchy. cora is like, you know, governments are bad sometimes. in fact, the villains have been corrupt politicians in every single season so far. but also, you go around killing people, so clearly you're the bad guy. there's some more shenanigans i'm not gonna get into, but basically, zaheer gets to the earth queen and uses his new airbending powers to, oh, create a vacuum and suffocate her. and with the earthqueen dead, he incites an anarchist revolution, embossing say, then he kidnaps the new airbenders, but daddy tens and ain't messing around. oh, he shows him what a real airbending master looks like. so here captures cora, but he's cornered on the mountaintop. but he's been studying teachings of this ancient air master. let go your earthly tether, enter the void empty and become wind. so here's like, all right, let's do this. falls off the mountain, but, oh, he can fly now. all right. the rest of the gang is having some lava trouble, so bolin steps up and, oh, he figured out lava bending. congrats. buddy. so here wants to kill the avatar by poisoning her with some metal. so she'll go into the avatar state and kill her, then is ending the cycle of reincarnation. only flaw in the plan is that when she goes into the avatar state, she's real strong and busts out of there. so coranza here are flying around having a big old fight. but oh, the poison's still in her system. it's weak and herze here's got the upper hand, and he's starting to suffocate her. but wait, what's this? it's all the new air benders forming a big old tornado to give corey the upper hand and take zaheer down. they get the poison out of korra, and zahir is defeated. so the day is saved, except the poison took a huge toll on cora's body. she's grievously injured. will she ever be the same? so now it's time for book four. balance. there's a three year time gap, and the earth kingdom is still in anarchy. luckily, the new airbenders are here to save the day with their updated, modern wingsuit uniforms. cool. but they're not the only ones keeping peace in the earth kingdom on an awesome new metal magnet train. the xaofu security forces are here, led by kuvira. she's bringing order to the chaos and reuniting the fragmented earth kingdom. in fact, bolin is here working for her as well as varrik. but the stability she offers comes with a steep price. these mostly autonomous provinces must hand over full central control directly to kuvira, the great uniter. now, the heir to the earth kingdom is prince wu, a spoiled brat living it up in republic city with mako as his security chief. but khavir is like, hey, does anyone really want this guy to be their king? i think the time of monarchy's over. i declare a new earth empire. what does the avatar have to say about this? well, cora's missing in action. she spent a long time recovering down at the south pole, and finally decided to symbolically cut her hair and travel the world to find herself. she's in a bad way though, being haunted by herself, and finally finds our girl. toff. yeah, just the top we remember from last airbender, except super old now, hermit living and swamp. she can sense there's a little bit of the metal poison left in her system. and, long story short, helps cora get it out of her so kuvira's army is headed back to zaofu to take it by force, if necessary. but the avatar is here to stop her. she fights kuvera one on one, but cora is still not really on top of her game, and kubira absolutely trashes her. around this time, bolin realizes he's working for the bad guy, and varric comes to the same conclusion. in fact, very's been experimenting with spirit vines as a source of energy, but turns out they're way unstable and explode. kuvera wants varric to weaponize it for her, but he refuses. so he's under arrest. but what's this? his loyal assistant, julie, abandons him. she's like, yeah, he treats me like garbage. makes me scrub his feet and stuff. guards do the thing. now, not the thing. luckily, varric and bolin managed to escape and get back to republic city to warn them of a new super weapon. earlier, bolin and opal had a huge fight and broke up because he didn't realize he was working for the bad guy. so now he's doing whatever it takes to win her back, including go on on a secret mission to rescue her family, along with her grandmatoff. the family gets rescued, but the spirit vine super cannon is complete. julie helped build it. but it keeps malfunctioning. and pretty soon kavira realizes that julie was lying to her. she's always been loyal to varric and a good guy. then the bayfongs bust in, have a big old metal bending fight. tough unleashes a huge earthquake, but they're outnumbered and have to escape. bolin's redeemed himself. he and opal get back together, and varric and julia reunited. but she's like, hey, mister, some of the stuff i said about you not appreciating me was real, so you better shape up now. the world can't really stop kugara, so the plan is to just let her have the earth kingdom. but kubira looked at a map and decided that republic city should be part of the earth empire. it's time to invade. now. for public cities not defenseless. they've got a strong, modern army still led by general airo the only problem would be the super spirit cannon, but that's stuck on the train tracks. except kavira has ditched the train and mounted the cannon on a ridiculous giant robot. and once again, it immediately wipes out general ira's fleet. it's up to team avatar to stop this thing, but it is pretty much invulnerable. luckily, we've got two super geniuses on our team, three if you count to sami's dad, who's released from prison. they build a hummingbird robot with lasers that can cut through platinum. and asami's dad has to sacrifice himself to save the day. with the way inside, team avatar leaps into action. korra goes for the rematch with kubira and does a lot better this time. then mako hits the spirit vine engine with lightning and, blam, blows this robot apart. kubira escapes to the spirit forest, where guess what? landed the cannon. boom. point-blank blast. avatar state block and an explosion. it unleashes so much spirit energy that a new spirit portal opens up right here in the middle of the city core. and caviar land in the spirit world, where it's like so you recognize you've become the bad guy in this situation, right? and she's like, yeah, i kind of realized. so kuvira surrenders, and the day is saved. when things were looking bleak, varric proposed to julie, admitting that she's more than his assistant, she's his partner. so the series ends with a big wedding. you may now do the thing. cora and mako do not rekindle their romance though. it's been too much. they're just friends. it's actually a sami that core is talking to at the end. it's like, you know what, screw the boys. let's go on a girl's vacation to the spirit world. and what's this? they're holding hands. well, this isn't coming out of nowhere, though. the attraction has always been there between them, and it's always a sami that core turns to at our lowest points. it's been apparent their friendship's been grown into something more for a while now. so more power to him. and that's where legend of korra comes to an end. hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion 