as the movie starts, we are shown a general. he was hanging some farmers. there were many people gathered two boys named alejandro and joaquin. they were seeing all this while cutting the cloth from a wagon. suddenly a man comes there, asks them, what are you doing here? they say, we are waiting for a zorro. he asks them to move from there. then a man comes and informs the general that santa's men are two miles away from here. the general thanks him. he says, the government is thankful to you for your services. he says, i know santa very well. he will know that we are good taxpayers. then he says to his soldiers to take out all the kids from here. he says to the man, these kids shouldn't see all this we do. the soldier was taking out those boys. meanwhile, zoro comes there. those kids become happy. zorro fights with those soldiers. he says thanks to those boys and makes them wear the silver medal. the people there were saying zoro's name loudly. then sora goes to the general, while jumping with his unique stunt, he asks him, why did you hold those innocent farmers to capture me? with it, he writes zee with his sword on his neck. the general says, i can do anything to kill you. i can kill anyone. after warning him, zoro goes to his family. he tells his daughter the story of zorro. there was a corrupt general to hold a brave prince. he holds some innocent farmers. his wife asks, what did the brave prince do? he says that the brave prince has killed all of them. then he came to his beautiful a wife and daughter. zorro's wife says, his daughter listens to his story keenly. zorro says, when she will grow elder, she will have no time to listen to my story. his wife says, even at this age, i like to listen to your story. why she will not feel good. they were talking, meanwhile, the general comes there to arrest zorro. zoro fights with them. the general shoots his wife. his daughter was weeping inside. when sora goes to see his daughter, he hits him from behind. he says, i want to capture you alive. then he set the house of sorrow on fire and takes his daughter with him. after 20 years, we see alejandro and joaquin became robbers. a man was with them. they were running. joaquin asks alejandro to run from there. then the captain holds him and asks, who are you? joaquin shoots himself. now the man of the general asks the soldiers to cut his head. he says to bring his body. after cutting his head, the medal that zorro has given him fell there. and alejandro was seeing all this secretly. he was aggressive. he holds the silver medal. the general returns california and asks the people whom he trapped, who is the black mask? zoro among you? a man says, i am zorro. they all say, we are zorro. but zoro didn't reveal himself. and they killed a man, considering him zorro. the man was wearing a black mask. after killing the soldier's aura leaves from there, the general says to the people, i know you are not happy to see me. you are paid to come here. then he says, who helped you always? they all say, zoro has always fought for us. we see there is sorrow also in that crowd. he was coming to kill him, but zorro's daughter comes there. she is now a young, pretty girl. then we see alejandro, who was drunk to buy more drinks. he sells that medal. zorro comes there and asks him, whose medal is this? he tells him, this is the medal of my brother, who is dead. now, meanwhile, the man of the general comes there. alejandro goes to kill him. zorro stops him and says, now you are drunk. he has soldiers with him. if you will fight with him, you will be killed. alejandro fights with zorro. zorro hits him. he asks him, will you try more? he says, if you want to take your brother's revenge, we can do it together. he asks, why will you help me? zorro says, because you also helped me. zoro gives him the tough training in which he teaches him how to handle the sword. he says, lesson number one is not to attack in anger. in lesson number two, he gives him a shower. in the next scene, we see they were in a market. alejandro sees soros horse there. it was running from those soldiers while wearing the black mask. alejandro goes to take the horse. there he finds soros daughters named elena. alejandro asks her to be careful. when he releases the horse, it starts moving weirdly. it spreads destruction there. when they all come to know, they capture alejandro. alejandro was fighting with them. a tall man comes there. he lifts him and throws him down. they all say him to kill him. alejandro breaks his teeth with a metal ball. then he set the place on fire. it spreads in the building. he escapes and runs towards a church. going there, he says to father, i'm sorrow and he thinks he is the real zorro. meanwhile, he wasn't the real zorro. alejandro asks him to hide him somewhere. zoro's daughter was also there. alejandro heights and sorrow's daughter thinks he is my father. she asks, many voices are coming from outside. maybe there is some fight outside. alejandro pretends he is the father. she says to him, don't be worried. you are safe in the lord's house. the soldiers come with her, while searching for alejandro. when the girl goes out, the generals man asks her, what are you doing here? she tells him, i come here to confess something. he says he is the priest. he understands alejandro is there. he runs from there. alejandro again, attracts the horse towards himself, he calls it, while whistling, as sora calls it. it comes in. when alejandro jumps on it, like zorro, he falls down, but then he sits on the horse. when he takes the horse to zorro, zorro ignores him. alejandro feels bad because he was expecting that he will admire him. being angry, he says, now i will not take any training or lectures from you. he was leaving from there, but zorro stops him. he says, if you want to take revenge, you have to obey me. he says to him, you have to become a gentleman and enter in the circle of the general. i will be your servant. he agrees. then they go to the general. a party was going on there. the general introduces him to zorro's daughter. he gives her a rose as a gift. after it, the girl invites him to her table for dinner. the general tells everyone about alejandro. then we see zorro is going as a servant. after coughing, he asks the soldiers to help. he hits them on another side. they were discussing zorro. zoro's daughter says, for people. he is a hero. then every gentleman asks the girl, one by one for dance. zoro goes to general's room. when alejandro dances with elena, the people in the hall applause them. the general comes to alejandro. he asks him to join me in the meeting with the other gentleman in the courtyard. in the meeting, the general says, there is still something that we have to achieve. we don't know our destination. now is the time when we have to search for our destination, the destination we have to reach. the time has come to achieve or claim the thing which belongs to us from always. they introduced them to the independent republic of california. they all applause for him. then a man says, you were saying against santa, but we can't even defeat his army. the general says, i'm not saying against him. i am just suggesting buying california from him. he says, santa will do an expensive war, but he has a shortage of money. the man says, we do have not enough money to buy california from him. the general says, i have done a deal with him already. after it, he opens a box in which there was gold. he says, tomorrow everyone will meet me here, so your doubts will be clear. it means there will be no suspicion in anyone's heart. he takes them to a place where he has placed much gold of santa secretly. it means, after robbing it like this, we can but this country from his gold. we see zoro's daughter goes with him. she asks him, when you are with alejandro? he tells, from a long time. then she shares her feeling about alejandra with him. zorro tells her, you to like your mother. he asks, how do you know this? zorro says, i have assumed that you didn't look like general zorro's daughter says, maybe we have met earlier, because you don't seem unknown to me. it is a pleasant feeling. the general's men offer wine to alejandro, in which there was his brother's head. in another drink, there was his hand. he says, you are not the person you are pretending to be. alejandro says, i expect you are considering me the person that i am. alejandro was depressed. he says to zorro, we have to hide our hate for the sack of revenge. he gives him the black mask. in the next scene, we see the general and general's man while talking. meanwhile, the alarm rings. they become alert because soro comes there. the general gives orders to double the security. the general's man says to general, we have to remove all the evidence. the generals secretly pick up those papers. after it, there is a fight between general's man and alejandro. the general also comes there. while fighting, alejandro runs from there. then zoro's daughter comes there and says, whatever you rob from my father, return it. he says, i can't give you the proper instructions right now. then they fight. alejandro leaves form there. in the morning, all the soldiers were chasing alejandro with the technique of zorro. alejandro makes them all fall and moves forward while beating them all. in the next scene, he was telling soro his plan, how they will save all workers of mine. zorro says, i will not go with you. i have my own personal matters. alejandro says, how can you forget that? we have to save them all. he says, i have devoted my whole life to them. he insists him, this is not right. and leaves from there. in the next scene, we see the generals man. he tells the general every place is sealed and there is security. the general was in the mine. he locks the workers because he wants to burn the mine. meanwhile, alejandra comes there. on another side. diego also comes there and fights with the general. elena comes there. the general places his sword on that girl's neck and asks her to fall down her sword. elena pushes him and they fight again. here, diego locks the general with a rope. there was a blast, but fortunately, they all escaped from there safely. in the last scene, diego was taking his last breaths. he gives alejandro's hand in eleno's hand. after a few years, we see alejandro and elena have a son. his name is joaquin. alejandra was telling him the story of zorro. like diego, they live their life happily with it. this movie ends here. 