plan for the worst. i'm here to work. i'm cobalt free. miranda, i've done my hip rehab. i'm better than ever. just tell me deluca is no longer a resident. we have a dissection. uh. i gotta go, babe. i love you. [Applause]. altman. is it still altman? yep. still all men. so no one goes through these doors without full ppe, which is in short supply. yes? it goes against everything. cindy wright, the girl he said was being trafficked. it appears he was right. she's here. i need sex. i need a sex favor, a sexual favor. the people in this room love you, respect you and care about you. and they want you to know that every life i have ever saved. if i could just not feel like this, i know i'm not okay. if you can get over the mortification and stop treating me like crap, i figure we're all good. can we just pretend it never happens? i had a healthy baby with a woman i'm crazy about. it's all good that you need to get over this stubborn ego, stubborn pride, and go call and claim the woman that you love. you're not telling me, tom sometimes the crisis proves bigger than anyone, maybe stay on his neuro attending. but i'm accepting your resignation as chief of chiefs. will accept his job as chief of chiefs. and my apologies for everything i've done to her boyfriend. and i get it if you say no, but my thing is that you just need some stress relief. i don't want to talk to him. so sorry. i will do anything you say to fix this. i don't want to lose our family. i want you to run away. and you don't say no. you don't say that you don't want to. you don't say that you can't because you love me, or even because you have a family. [Music]. one slip something. richard webber here, chief medical officer for the katherine fox foundation. residents will not be able to go into rooms with coveted positive pages. wants to leave to go to a hotel. her pulse ox is above 92 percent. her abg looks good. hey, hey, hey. okay. okay. turn her over. one, two, three. maybe you were expecting dr webber, but today is a day of many surprises. shh, amelia, you'll increase your heart rate. why can't i get anywhere? you're worried about the kids. i don't understand. the sand isn't real. meredith, we need to talk about your p.o.a. i know what alex careb means to you. i know he would have your best interest at heart, but he is halfway across the country. the past few months haven't been easy for me. you weren't here right now because you broke me again. you tested positive for cobalt 19. funny kick a man when he's different. do you want me to have your p.o.a and not maggie or amelia? you've known me my whole life. you don't want to be put on events. there's [Music] in manhattan. is doing a trial with monoclonal antibodies for covalent we got room for two more patients, but we gotta jump on it. george, what are you doing here? derek said, the sand isn't real. yeah, nope. neither is the ocean. it is nice though. is in a really dark place, and seems like he could use a friend. stress, do you still dance it out? no, not so much anymore. [Music], my husband left me the same year that we got married. i need is friendship and sex. i am not, like, really not looking for a relationship. you changed my life, george. i didn't say it then, but it's true. kind storm's leveling off too. look at her. crp ferritin, that is great. he's getting coherent and disoriented. i just saw him two days ago. he was supposed to stop what you're doing and get to silver villas to grab your mom and dad. i've been trying to call the front office, but they're not answering. mom, i haven't delivered you. i don't care. part right. we'll talk you through it. the love of his life won't make it through the night. okay? oh my gosh. okay, okay. i love you. i love you so much, sweetheart. so if you want to have nothing to do with me, then you are just gonna have to get all better and tell me yourself. because, oh my god, tom, tom, tom, can you hear me? what if i changed? change? what? careers programs? is that insane? it's time. and if you don't go in, i promise you will never forgive yourself. really. that's incredible. seattle prayers has reached capacity, which means we should expect to receive about twice the patience per day. converting this cafeteria to covet overflow tonight. and the girls who broke into my house and set fire to it. it could have burned alive in there. he's human garbage. hit these coughs off me. i wanted to be in a room where no one was dying. everyone's dying. that is my name for child trafficking. security. detain her. cheer, of course. i'm just so proud of you, deluca, managing your mental health, taking your meds um give me a wheelchair. alice in my allison, i was in love with her, and she was in love with me. we were. so i know that it's connected. and i know you well enough to know that you you need the whole story. and i just want you to know that i love you and i love our kids. turns out i just never really knew you. oh, and that's not true. you know what true is? teddy. we named our daughter after a lie. her sets are plummeting. she was fine until she got out of bed and tried to resuscitate a coding patient. meredith's lungs are at a breaking point. do it. are you real? i told you the long distance thing wasn't working for me. open your eyes, people. she's selling human beings. i let her out of the hospital once. i'm not doing it again. but i'm driving. [Music]. why can't i get anywhere? you're worried about the kids. i don't understand. the sand isn't real. meredith, we need to talk about your p.o.a. i know what alex korev means to you, and i know he would have your best interest at heart, but he is halfway across the country. the past few months haven't been easy for me. you weren't here right now because you broke me again. you tested positive for kobe 19. funny kick a man when he's down. do you want me to have your p.o.a and not maggie or amelia? you've known me my whole life. you don't want to be put on an event. there's a shortage. i don't want to take one in manhattan is doing a trial with monoclonal antibodies for covalent we got room for two more patients, but we gotta jump on it. george, what are you doing here? derek said, the sand isn't real. yeah, nope. neither is the ocean. it is nice though. wait, the dr karasik is in a really dark place and seems like he could use a friend. stress. do you still dance it out? no, not so much anymore. enough. [Music]. my husband left me the same year that we got married. i need is friendship and sex. i am not, like, really not looking for a relationship. you changed my life, george. i didn't say it then, but it's true. slightly kind storm's leveling off too. look at her. crp ferritin, that is great. he's getting coherent and disoriented. i just saw him two days ago. he was supposed to stop what you're doing and get to silver villas to grab your mom and dad. i've been trying to call the front office, but they're not answering. mom, i haven't delivered it. i don't care. part right. we'll talk you through it. the love of his life won't make it through the night. okay? oh my gosh. okay. okay. i love you. i love you so much, sweetheart. so if you want to have nothing to do with me, then you are just going to have to get all better and tell me yourself. because, oh my god. tom, tom, tom, can you hear me. what if i changed? change what careers programs? is that insane? it's time. and if you don't go in, i promise you will never forgive yourself me feel this way, my girl. [Music], mayor's awake. but really, that's incredible. seattle prayers has reached capacity, which means we should expect to receive about twice the patients per day converting this cafeteria to covet overflow. tonight, the girls who broke into my house and set fire to it, it kind of burned alive in there. he's human garbage. get these puffs off. he wanted to be in a room where no one was dying. see, everyone's dying. [Music], of course, i'm just so proud of you, deluca, managing your mental health, taking your meds. [Music], home. give me a wheelchair. alice in my allison, i was in love with her, and she was in love with me. we were so i know that it's connected. and i know you well enough to know that you, you need the whole story. i just want you to know that i love you and i love our kids. turns out i just never really knew you. oh, and that's not true. you know what truth is, teddy. we named our daughter after a lie. her thoughts are plummeting. she was fine until she got out of bed and tried to resuscitate a coding patient. meredith's lungs are at a breaking point. do it. are you real i told you the long distance thing wasn't working for me? open your eyes, people. she's selling human beings. i let her out of the hospital once. i'm not doing it again. but, but i'm driving. [Music]. you 