european mercenaries, including irishman william garan and spaniard pero tovar, travel to china during the reign of the song dynasty's renzong emperor, searching for the secret to gunpowder. a few miles north of the great wall, they are attacked by a monster. only garen and tovar survive. they sever the monster's arm and bring it with them. upon reaching the wall, they are taken prisoner by soldiers of the nameless order, led by general xiao and strategist huang. the nameless order exists to combat alien monsters called tautai, which arrived from a meteorite and attack once every 60 years. while examining the severed monster arm, the orders commanders are surprised by the monster's first assault, which has come one week early. shortly after, a horde of tautai assails the wall. both sides sustain heavy losses before the monster's queen aborts the attack. during the battle, garin and tovar are freed by ballard, another european who came east 25 years earlier in search of gunpowder, detained. he now serves as an english and latin teacher. garen and tovar display amazing battle skills, saving the life of young warrior penguin, then slaying two monsters, earning them the order's respect. the three europeans secretly planned to steal gunpowder and flee during the next monster attack. [Music] so [Music] that night, two tautai reached the top of the wall. general chao is killed, placing commander lin in charge of the nameless order. [Music] around this time, an envoy from the capital arrives with an ancient scroll, which suggests that the monsters are pacified by magnets. wong believes the stone garan carries enabled him to slay the taotai he fought at the cave. to test the hypothesis, garen suggests they capture a tautai alive, and agrees to help. this delays his escape plans, angering tovar, who nevertheless assists garen, despite ballard's protests. during the next attack, the tautai are numerous enough to cause lin to resort to using arrows equipped with black powder, whose capabilities had been kept secret from the westerners until now. they capture a living taotai and prove the theory. however, the imperial envoy claims the monster and takes it to the capital to present to the emperor. a tunnel is discovered at the base of the wall. the previous attacks had been a distraction so that the tautai could dig the tunnel. at the capital, the envoy presents the captive tautai to the emperor and his entourage, but it awakens and reveals its position to its queen, who signals the taotai to attack. the order rushes to the capital. lynn orders the use of hot-air balloons and sets garen free. before leaving, wang tells him to warn the outside world. but garen boards the last balloon with pang and wang. they arrive just in time to save lin from being devoured. they land in the emperor's palace where wang proposes killing the queen by tying explosives to the captured taotai and giving it meat to be delivered to the queen. while approaching the site, a horde of tautai attacked the band, and peng sacrifices himself to save the others. after releasing the taotai, lin and garen climb a tower so that garen can detonate the explosives with an arrow. wong sacrifices himself to buy time for lin and garen to reach the upper floors. two of garen's arrows are deflected by the tautai queen's bodyguards, but garen throws the magnet into the horde [Music], creating a gap in the shields, allowing lynn's spear to get through. the queen is killed and the rest of the horde is paralyzed. [Music]. with the threat eliminated, garen is allowed to return home and elects to take tovar, whom the nameless order recaptured, with him instead of a reward of black powder, much to tovar's annoyance, 