[Music]. in 1995, on the Cree Empire's capital planet of Halle, Star Force member veers suffers from amnesia and recurring nightmares involving an older woman, Yann raagh, her mentor and Commander trains her to control her abilities, while the supreme intelligence, the artificial intelligence that rules the cream, urges her to keep her emotions in check. during a mission to rescue an undercover operative infiltrating a group of Scrolls, alien shapeshifters with whom the Kree are at war, scroll commander Talos captures beers, subjects her to a memory probe and heads to earth. veers escapes and crash lands in Los Angeles. her presence attracts shield agents, Nick Fury and Phil Coulson, whose investigation is interrupted by a scroll attack. in the ensuing chase, Vere's recovers a crystal containing her extracted memories, while fury kills a scroll impersonating Coulson. Talos disguised as shield director Keller, orders fury to work with fears and keep tabs on her. using her extracted memories. veers and fury go to the project Pegasus installation at a US. Air Force Base, where the discoverer. veers was a pilot presumed to have died in 1989 while testing an experimental jet engine designed by dr. Wendy Lawson, whom Viers recognises as the woman from her nightmares. a shield team led by Talos, disguised as Keller, tries to capture them, but they escape in a cargo jet, with Lawson stowaway cat goose. they fly to Louisiana to meet former pilot Maria Rambo, the last person to see veers and Lawson alive. Rambo and her daughter, Monica, tell veers, who was once close to them, that her real name is Carol. Danvers Tallis arrives and reveals the scrolls are refugees searching for a new home, and Lawson was Marvell, a renegade Kree scientist helping them. Talos plays a recovered recording from Lawson's jet, prompting Danvers to remember the crash. Lawson attempted to destroy the engines energy core to keep it from the Kree, but was killed by Yan Rob before she could destroying the engine herself. Danvers absorbed the energy from the ensuing explosion, giving her powers, but losing her memory. Danvers Talos Fury and Rambo locate Lawson's cloaked laboratory orbiting Earth, where Lawson hit several Scrolls, including Talos, his family and the tesseract, the power source of the energy core their Danvers is captured by Star Force and interface is with the supreme intelligence. during their conversation, danvers removes the Kree implant that was suppressing her powers, allowing her to reach her full potential. in the subsequent battle, fury retrieves goose, who was revealed to actually be from the alien species. flirtin. goose swallows the tesseract before blinding Furies left eye. Danvers destroys the Kree bomber, forcing crea fficer Ronan, the accuser, and his squadron to retreat, before overpowering yon Raw on earth and sending him back to holla with a warning to the Supreme intelligence. Danvers departs to help the scrolls find a new home world, leaving fury a modified pager to contact her in an emergency. meanwhile, fury drafts an initiative to locate heroes like Danvers, naming it after her Air Force callsign Avenger. in a mid-credits scene set in the present day, the pager, which fury activated prior to his disintegration, is being monitored by Steve Rogers, Natasha Romanov, Bruce Banner and James Rhodes. when Danvers appears and demands to know Fury's whereabouts. in a post-credits scene set in 1995, goose climbs onto Fury's desk and regurgitates the tesseract. [Music]. you 