[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition. and it looks like shang-chi is getting even better with the internet getting official news that Jackie Chan is in negotiations with Marvel Studios to play Zeng Zoo in the legend of the ten rings. this comes up the back of the face for San Diego comic-con panel, where the film was officially announced by Kevin Feige. the movie is looking to have a large and wide-ranging cast of Asian actors. and I think it's fair to say that Jackie Chan is arguably the biggest Asian movie star of all time, probably only rivaled by the late Bruce Lee. Chan is reportedly negotiating a small part and shang-chi, and if confirmed, this is rumored to be announced officially at the Disney d23 Expo, which will be happening later this month. but those who don't know, Xing Zhu is Chang Chi's father. so yeah, there's a potential for a lot of ways that the story could go here. soo apparently created shang-chi from forging his heart from the steel of the ebony blade melted in the eternal flame for those who don't know, this is the foundation of Chang cheese legend, and it's one of the reasons why has such a reputation. I definitely think it's a smart move to cast Chang in this role. and him passing the torch somewhat during the movie will definitely add a lot of authenticity to it. Xing Zhu actually becomes a villain in the series. and the fact that this is being listed as a small role could mean that this is a setup for the next film and the series with Chan playing a more prominent role further down the line. I'm really hype for the news, as I think Chan will bring a lot of credibility to the film. and the martial arts legend giving his seal of approval will definitely give the MCU a huge foundation to build off of. obviously, I love to hear your thoughts on the news. and if you're excited to see Jackie Chan in the MCU, if you have the better casting idea, then let me know in the comments below. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my comic-book casting news video on how Kevin Conroy is finally getting to play a live-action version of Batman, which will be linked at the end in October, Conroy rolled. so it's definitely worth checking out you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books. and you can follow me on Twitter, a definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see over there. after this. I also just want to let you know that we're currently giving away a free copy of Avengers endgame on blu-ray to one lucky winner. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the Jackie Chan casting news in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random on August the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then to ever get surprise. so best of luck to everyone he takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] 