woz is a 20-19 Netflix animated Christmas film written and directed by Sergio Pablos. it serves as a fictional origin story for Santa Claus, and the plot revolves around a postman stationed in a town to the north who befriends a reclusive toymaker, Claus. welcome to the Amagi. in today's video, we're going to recap the Netflix film Claus. before we begin. we publish new content every week, so be sure to subscribe to our Channel and ring the bell to get notified about our latest videos. the protagonist of the movie, Jesper, comes from a wealthy family in the postal business, and is a selfish brat with no life ambitions whatsoever. when his father puts him into the Postal Academy, he deliberately distinguishes himself as the Academy's worst student. so his father stations him on an island above the Arctic Circle with the ultimatum that if he doesn't post 6,000 letters in a year, he will be cut off from the family. after Jesper is brought to the islands town of smear ins berg by a sarcastic ferry boat skipper, it gradually becomes clear that the town consists of two feuding families who hardly exchanged words, let alone letters, trying to find a way to post letters from the town. Jesper notices on the map in his office a far-off little establishment. there he discovers a reclusive woodsman named Klaus with a skill of woodworking and a house with lots of handmade toys. Jesper is about to finally give up, when unexpected events unfold that give him the idea of having Klaus donate his toys to the town kids who had asked for them, and who, by doing so, would send letters. Klaus agrees to Jespers proposal of donating the toys, provided the deliveries will be at night so that he can accompany Jesper on them. when Jesper finds out many of the kids can't write, he sends them to miss Alva, a teacher who Jesper met on his first day in town. the increasingly developing actions of Jesper and Klaus delivering of toys becomes the talk of the town kids, with a nature of said actions making them believe Klaus is not only solely responsible, but that he also has certain magical qualities, including entering homes through the chimney in complete silence and riding a flying sleigh powered by reindeer. Jesper tells the kids that Klaus would not give toys to bad kids, knowing when children are misbehaving. the children's attitudes change because of this, and their acts of kindness inspire the other towns folk to do same. eventually, Jesper and Klaus begin to run out of toys to give the children, so Jesper suggests they only give toys on Christmas. one day, Klaus tells Jesper about his wife, Lydia. he explains how they plan to have many children, and he made the toys they have been giving away for them while they waited. but they were never able to have children, and Lydia eventually got sick and died. Klaus expresses how happy Jesper has made him in their mission to spread joy to the children, and agrees to Jespers Christmas plan. they soon receive help from a small community of kind Sami people to fulfill the plan. beyond Jespers and Klaus plan, the heads of the town's feuding families agree to stop Jesper and Klaus to preserve their tradition of their centuries long feud, they come up with a plan that involves making just believe by using his past against him. Jesper, however, ultimately makes his decision final to stay in smear UNS Berg, and proceeds to do everything he can to stop the family heads from destroying the toys, though his efforts are seemingly futile in the end. however, Klaus and alva had already known what was coming and made preparations to foil the plan, replacing the toys with wooden decoys. not only that, but Jasper's actions had caused events that made the families find themselves as in-laws. as things in smear ins Berg keep getting better, Jesper and Klaus continue delivering presents on Christmas, with their operation expanding further and further as time continues on. then on the 12th year, Klaus suddenly disappears without a trace, joining his departed wife. Jesper in Alva get married and have two children together. and every Christmas Eve, Jesper gets to see the spirit of his friend as he continues to deliver toys to kids around the world. did you enjoy our video? be sure to check out these other great videos from the Amagi. and make sure to subscribe and ring the bell to be notified about our latest videos. 