Robin Hood is back on the big screen. and whilst the film is currently being slammed by critics, that doesn't mean that there aren't things to unpack from the film. throughout this video, I'll be discussing everything you need to know about the movie, as well as how it sets up potential sequels down the line. yeah, they're not gonna happen anyway. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers. so if you yet to see the film, then I suggest that you turn off now. for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. the major twist in the new Robin Hood film revolves around will Scarlett, played by Jamie Tannen. throughout the film, will as the voice of the people that really rallies them together. however, when Robin and little John managed to kill the original sheriff, will steps up and takes his place. the reasoning behind this is because will was in love with Marian, and the two even shared a kiss when the original sheriff lied to her and informed her that Robin had died during the Crusades. Robin witnessed this kiss and spent the majority of the movie not entangling her in his vigil on t lifestyle because of the danger it could pose later in the film. well is on the other end of a similar scenario and witnesses Marian kiss and Robin, which destroys him inside. he's green arrow with Edie. well, at this point, has been disfigured by the final battle, and naturally feels embittered about the entire ordeal with the sheriff. now dead, Robin and Marian and their other merry men decide to flee to the forest, but will refuses to join them. the group leave him and probably go off to film a new reality TV show called made in Nottingham. that's like as I am Made in Chelsea joke, like it's a British TV show that you might not get it if here your America. you might get it if you brush. but either way, it's not really a good joke, so I'll stop now. so we then get a scene involved in the Cardinal appointing will as the new sheriff. throughout the film, the Cardinal had been wishing to stop the war effort dead in its tracks. and with the original sheriff gone, this role needs to be filled. well, gladly, takes it as his hate for Robin is now a boiling point. Robin is a cause of a lot of anguish for will, as not only did he become mr. steel made, he also ruined any chances of a peaceful retreat, which was the that well would have preferred the final fight to go. this is obviously put in place to serve a sequel for the film, and I actually think it would be better than the film that we got. unfortunately, the film is currently bombing at the box office, and with critical reception being very, very low, I can imagine that this will be a storyline that the studio doesn't want to pick up on. it's quite clearly trying to be a two-faced sort of origin story. but Nolan killed the building and his masterpiece for a reason, and I doubt we will ever get a resolution to this plotline. so while your thoughts on the reimagining of Robin Hood, do you agree with the critics, and if not, what do you like about the film? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my review of the film, which will be linked at the end of this video. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 