Welcome back to Movie Shortens. Follow us today to a movie titled: Pet Sematary. Be aware, spoilers ahead! The Creeds are on their way from Chicago to Maine to relocate the family. They are doctor Louis, Rachel, two children Ellie, Gage, and their cat Church. Ellie is delighted and begins playing with the swing in the yard as the parents inspect the property, which they adore. Just then, the rope snaps and Ellie falls. At the same time, Louis and Rachel take care of Ellie, a red truck speeds by, and the infant waves hello. Luckily, Gage is saved by a kindly older man named Jud, who warns the family that these trucks can hit quicker than they can scream. While getting to know each other, Rachel asks Jud where the path leads to in front of their house. Jud replies he'll take the family to visit it once they all settle in. While Louis wanders around the new house at night and still questions the mysterious path, Jud calls him over for a beer. The two talks about how awful the road is and reveal the walkway lead to a pet cemetery. Most dogs and cats that get hit on the road will end up being buried there. The following morning, Jud keeps the promise to take the Creeds to the path, where they visit the pet cemetery. Rachel thinks it is unfortunate seeing children upset about their dead pets. Jud explains that the road is horrible, making the children broken-hearted when they lose their pet friends. Anyway, they sometimes have to learn about death, so the pet cemetery's idea is actually humane. That night, Ellie asks her father what if her pet Church dies. Louis tries to console her by telling her that the cat has a long life ahead of it. The next day, Jud arrives at work for the first day at the University of Maine. An injured youngster who others are claiming was hit by a truck. They hurry him into the emergency room, covered in blood, and summon Dr. Louis. As Louis sits next to him, the youngster appears to be dead. Suddenly, the boy opens his eyes and aggressively clutches Dr. Creed, peering into his eyes and whispering his name, saying his last words that he'll come for Louis. The doctor becomes astonished as the patient figures out his name. That night, as Louis is sleeping, he is startled awake by the young man from earlier in the day, who appears in the bedroom doorway, still bloody from head to toe. The two start strolling down the pet cemetery route together, with the boy leading the way. He says this is where the dead speaks, but don't go any farther because this is where the dead walk. Dr. Louis claims that he wants to wake up before laying down on the ground. Just then, Louis opens his eyes in bed, but as he pulls back the covers, he notices that his feet are covered in mud, and that grass has clung to his feet. It's Thanksgiving Day, and Rachel will be spending the day with her father's family, who, we learn, dislike Louis so that he will be alone at home. Louis gets a call from his neighbor Jud, who says there's a dead cat on the edge of his lawn. Louis discovers that it is Church as he makes his way across the busy street. Now he is concerned that Ellie will suffer as Church is her best pet. Louis says he'll bury him the following day and that he might lie to Ellie, saying he hasn't seen the cat. Jud says that there is a better way and guides Louis into Pet's Sematary, armed with a shovel. According to Jud, Louis must follow Jud's footsteps since he knows the route over a massive wooden barricade. The two reach a burial place after a long walk. Jud remarks on the shallow dirt and hands the shovel to Louis, telling him he must do it independently. Louis finishes excavating and finally places the cat in a hole after it gets dark. Returning home, Jud tells Louis not to tell anyone about what they did tonight. The following morning, Louis finds Church is not dead and comes back. While examining the returned dead cat, Church scratches Louis in his face. Louis mentions the cat with Jud later. Jud also describes how he learned about the burial area from an Indian after losing his pet dog in 1925. The dog did reappear after he buried him, but he was a different dog. Jud claims that he decided to revive Church primarily for Ellie because she is too little to understand. Louis inquires about persons being buried in the cemetery, to which Jud responds that no one would do so. During this time, Church continues to act strange and dark, making Louis worried and scared. When the family returns home, Ellie inquires about Church. She tells Louis that she had a dream of Church being dead and that dad and Jud buried him. Louis comforts his girl that the cat is totally fine. At night, Louis and Rachel start talking about Rachel's sister, who suffered from severe illness years ago. Rachel was forced to feed the sister by herself alone when she was only eight. The family wanted the sister to die because she had begun to resemble a monster and was never satisfied with Rachel's care. Finally, she died, which relieved the family, including Rachel. Louis tries to console Rachel, telling her that it was her parents' fault and Rachel was too young at the time. Sometime later, Gage enjoys the picnic time with Jud and his family. He chases a kite as it continues to move forward until it reaches the roadway. Meanwhile, a massive red truck rushing down a hill as Gage approaches the road. The entire family chases after him, but in the center of the road, Gage is run over. The whole family is grief-stricken. When Louis starts drinking and conversing with Jud, the topic of the burial ground comes up. People have been buried there, according to Jud. Timmy Bateman was a young boy and died near the conclusion of World Wide II. Timmy's father, Bill, placed his son's corpse into the Micmac burial ground, only to have it reanimated. However, when Timmy returned after 4 or 5 days, his mother declared him an abomination who needed to be dealt with, so Jud and other men went to the house and set fire while Timmy was still inside. Judd resents himself for introducing Louis to the sour grounds, admitting sometimes it's preferable to be dead. The person being put up there isn't the same anymore. Whatever exists outside of the pet cemetery isn't human. However, Louis seems firm with his intention After the funeral, Rachel's family takes Ellie and Rachel to Chicago to make them feel better, leaving Louis alone yet again. Later, Louis arrives in the cemetery with a tool bag and sitting next to Gage's grave, where he encounters the bloody Pascow, who cries and tells him not to contemplate his dark deeds. Elsewhere in Chicago, Pascow continues to haunt Ellie and Rachel in their dreams, attempting to stop Louis. However, Louis begins digging Gage's grave late at night. Rachel runs home from Chicago, accompanied by Pascow, attempting to warn her about what Louis is planning. At the same time, Louis begins his journey up to the burial ground while carrying Gage. Louis arrives at the cemetery late at night, just as Rachel is speeding home in a rented car when she crashes into some trees on a dark road. As Louis finishes burying Gage, he returns home being exhausted. Gage's new burial spot begins to move, and a small hand is seen lifting rocks from atop his tomb. During the night, the door is shoved open, revealing Gage's tiny legs. Gage is grunting and cooing around the house. He comes across his father's medicine kit and opens it to reveal a gleaming silver scalpel. Jud wakes up on his porch, noticing something going on at Louis' house, and hurries over to investigate. He can hear Gage laughing as he enters the house, so he looks around and finds the boy. Gage's hand appears from under a table clutching the scalpel, pierces through Jud's achilles heel, and straight through his lips. The evil boy takes a big bite out of Jud's neck as Church looks on. When Rachel returns home from her journey, she notices Church outdoors, licking his injured paw. She shouts out for Jud as she walks into the house, but she hears a voice calling her name. Her sister's ghost greets her as she enters an upstairs room. She then takes Rachel to Jud's house, where she finds Gage in an upstairs bedroom. Gage says he brought her something and shows her Louis' scalpel. Rachel hugs her son in disbelief, and her fate is unsure. Louis wakes up the following day and stumbles out of bed. He sees numerous small muddy footprints leaving the room and the absence of his scalpel. Preparing shots of morphine, Louis heads to Jud's house, running into Church once more. He distracts the cat with a raw steak, then kills him with a shot of morphine. As Gage laughs in the background, he uncovers Jud's body. He makes his way down the hall, where Rachel's corpse emerges from the attic with a rope around her neck. Gage then jumps down on top of Louis and cuts him a few times using the scalpel on the face and body. At this point, Louis injects the boy with a morphine shot, making him ultimately slip down and die in the corridor. Then Louis pours gasoline all over the house and sets it on fire. Louis flees the scene with Rachel's body in his arms, bringing her to the ground yet again. After he buries Rachel, he returns home and waits for his wife to come back. Just then, Rachel does return, and they start kissing each other passionately. Meanwhile, Rachel lunges for a kitchen knife on the table, followed by a scream from Louis. Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to turn on your notifications. That really helps my channel. Thanks for watching! 