neville has not eaten any meat for three years. he was focusing on shooting a deer, but when he was about to open fire, a lion suddenly rushed to attack the deer. neville was about to shoot it, but he saw a few more lions coming. seeing the scene of a happy family, he was touched. he hesitated for a moment, and then slowly lowered the gun. now the alarm rang from the watch on his arm. the sun was about to set. he hurriedly left with his dog, sam. three years ago, the earth had an accident that caused humanity to perish due to a virus attack. when infected with this virus, humans will turn into monsters. perhaps. neville was the only survivor in the world. every morning he wakes up to exercise, then takes a walk with sam to find food and essential supplies. in the afternoon, he goes to the southern seaport to send signals, hoping to find the other survivors. in his spare time, he often plays golf for fun. one day, sam chased a deer into an abandoned building. neville horribly went after sam and didn't stop calling his name. neville knew for a fact that the place was a favorite haven for those monsters, or night hunters. because of his only friend, he was not afraid of danger. he ran into the abandoned house looking for sam. the dog was found hiding under the table. it suddenly backed away as if it had seen something terrifying. a night hunter was about to attack neville from behind. after a period of intense fighting, neville kicked down the glass door and jumped down. the night hunter fell down with him, and it was burned to death by the sunlight. after learning of the whereabouts of the night hunters, neville came up with an idea. he set a trap and put his blood on and waited. soon after, he successfully captured a night hunter. [Applause]. another night hunter chases after neville, but the monster was afraid of the sunlight and withdrew. the night hunter neville caught was a female. he performed a series of experiments on it to try to turn it back into a human, but all failed to prevent it from dying. he injected more viruses into its body. in his spare time, neville often goes to the record-selling store. he considered the mannequins there as friends. and waved goodbye to them when he left. the night was a time of vigorous activity for the night hunters. when the sun goes down, neville closes all the doors and hides in the bath, holding the gun tightly to defend himself. the next day, neville discovered frad a mannequin in the store was standing in front of the grand central terminal building, and he started firing in it. later, neville was trapped in the same trap he used to capture the female knight hunter. neville was unconscious and it was getting dark. when he woke up, he cut the rope and managed to escape the crack. as the sun went down, neville was attacked by the dogs infected with the virus. there was only a little light as the boundary to threaten the dogs. but then the light quickly disappeared. all the dogs rushed to attack neville. sam helped him to stop one. neville quickly destroyed another. the third one rushed to attack neville, but one so got killed by them. one with a super strang overturned neville's car and was about to bite him. suddenly, there was a powerful light shine that made them ran away. when he woke up, neville was surprised to find himself at home with two other people in the house, anne and ethan. it turned out that they got neville's signal and came to save him. the next evening, many night hunters attacked the house. neville detonated the bombs, but there were too many of them. he took the mother and her son to hide in his lab, but the monster also quickly banged on their door. they were very aggressive, but the leader stopped them and painted a butterfly on the glass window. neville recalled that the same pattern was on the night hunter's neck that he caught. it was a tattoo of a butterfly. it turned out that he caught the leader's wife. what kind of monsters have such sincere feelings? do they still have consciousness? neville opened the door, handed the wife back to the leader and apologized. it generously spared him. never realized that maybe in the eyes of the night hunters, he was also just a monster that kept capturing their species for experiments. i've heard that the movie has another ending. if you know it, please comment below. 