[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna continue in our secondary series with Return of the Living Dead 2, which was released in 1988. let's get to it. we open on narration explaining the history of 245 trioxin and it's reactive fication properties. it's believed that all trioxin has supposedly been destroyed, but only because they didn't do a proper headcount of the barrels that were under the care of private stoner. here. we then transitioned to a quiet morning in suburbia. Jesse leaves through his comic collection, picks the perfect one and increases the [ __ ] out of it. we find that he's offering it up as a tribute to become part of Billy's club for neighborhood [ __ ]. when Jesse discovers these edge Lords hold their meetings inside a mausoleum, he scampers off, hiding in a nearby storm drain. he's quickly found along with his sweet barrel. Jesse's comfort level is ignored again in favor of some good old barrel action. since Jesse won't stop whining about it, they basically attempt to murder him by locking him in the mausoleum. and and Joey arrived at the cemetery. Ed's there to get some bitchin skulls, and Joey's there to earn a hundred dollars for a hard night's worth. when they open the door to the mausoleum, Jesse uses the opportunity to scurry out like a rat and run home. meanwhile, the boys go out to see about their new barrel and start pressing random buttons. as any super genius would, they get hit with the gas, which settles in on the cemetery. and we all know what that means. things are still going well for ED and Joey, in all but ethical terms, of course. since the dead don't need heads, Joey was on board, but he draws the line of fingers. although this momentary bout of conscience is subverted quickly with shiny trinkets. Jesse finishes his homework and looks out to notice the neighborhood boys acting strangely. this raises his hackles, so he sneaks out to talk to Billy. finding him sick in bed, but still capable of manhandling him, Jesse runs off to get the number on the side of the barrel. while there, he meets tarmin 2.0 momentarily, before telling him to shove off and heading home. Joey's girlfriend, Brenda eventually gets fed up with sitting in the van smoking and goes to check in. she has a run-in with the zombie right around the time the boys are having a similar experience inside with a party forming in the cemetery. and grabs a couple of quick Hail Marys and they get to the truck. back at home, Jesse runs in to shoveled and babbling, and can't find a sympathetic ear. Lucy actually ends up trapping him in his room. not wanting to risk missing a single beat from the original movie, Jesse MacGyver's his own escape into an adjacent room with a phone, which he uses to dial the army. meanwhile, outside, etta Joey steal the cable van at Jesse's house and get into some classic hijinks as they drive down the road, resulting in them taking out the phone box and ending Jesse's call. a neighbor comes out to examine the twice dead victim of their hit-and-run, and ends up giving a hands-on anatomy lesson. in response, everyone continues running, eventually ending up in the same spot, confused and yelling heads. sack is particularly active, so he pulls out his evenings wages to both bring everyone up to speed on the situation and force this old finger gag. head, you are a card. Tom, the Cable Guy, tries to kill it like he's squishing a bug. but they're distracted. when Jesse gets scrapped, they decide to save him, you know, despite everything, and they run off to find a working phone, except Tom, he hangs back for no other reason than to attempt to pull off this old chestnut. as they work their way across the neighbor's lawn, we see Billie expire. they make it to the doctor's house where they tried to impart the severity of the situation, and are met with non-stop zingers and one-liners. they burst out of the garage and float down the road in their boat. it's relatively smooth sailing, until Edie pops his head out to puke and gets attacked by a stowaway. we can tell he's being choked because he sticks his tongue out. they managed the situation, and eventually arrived at the hospital, which is vacant. luckily, they have a doctor in their party, who begins a somewhat standard physical examination, the outcome of which we can all likely surmise at this point. the rest of the game continues to search for help, but finds the whole town vacated, other than roving gangs of zombies. so they make a quick detour to Grandpa's house for firearms before heading back to the hospital, where ed and Joey are trying desperately to recreate the magic of the first film, demonstrating the impact that directing an entity cap on a movie's atmosphere. Jesse wanders often finds a communications room, but doesn't get far with communicating before he's confronted by a zombie. he blasts in the face, but this only slows it down. luckily, Lucy exits the elevator in time to shoot him in half. and they all take turns as they have a much harder time than necessary escaping from the danger. when dr. Mandel recommends separating and Joey, they decide to go it alone. taking the car, they find the exit to the town barred by the military. and while Brenda is in the process of pleading their case at expires and munches one of the soldiers. the rest of the gang boosts an ambulance and take off. momentarily angered by animal cruelty, Tom finds his road rage pays off as an abundance of electricity appears 2d animate the dead. meanwhile, Joey and Brenda's story ends when Joey finishes turning and makes his case for eating her brain. she's not down with that at first. it actually takes a surprisingly minimal amount of begging before she much liked the audience just kind of rolls over and gives up. the rest of the gang also finds the town exit barricaded, requiring them to enact their final for survival. they go to the meatpacking plant and acquire a box truck to fill with boxes of brains. they then roll through town, leaving a trail of brains that lead to the local power station. they turn off the main switch so they can lay some brain and scatter some errant wires in the puddles. Billy jumps the fence, allowing the dead in early, forcing them to retreat into the truck. but Jesse hops out of a small hole in the front, as I'm sure is standard on every meat truck. he learns to drive a clutch through a wall, and then makes his way to the control room where he flips the main switch back on, electrification everyone, including Billy. then the army moves in to take all the credit, while all of our survivors continue to rip off one-liners like their Rodney Dangerfield. and that was Return of the Living Dead, part two, the pale shadow. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of this channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. [Music]. 