welcome to the man of recaps. this is the mandalorian, episode 6. mando pulls into a space station. he's talking to grumpy Santa Claus here. he's a mercenary captain. it seems like most of his jobs border on the illegal. you know, the policy, no question. apparently they worked together a lot back in mandos young, trigger-happy days. he's got a job for mando to Prison Break one of his crew. and so mando is teaming up with his current crew, who are basically the evil guardians of the galaxy, evil star Lords. a classic douchebag, big devil guy is basically Drax, evil gomorrah's a Twi'lek girl, and she's given off serious crazy, like Harley Quinn vibes. their friends a prisoner on a New Republic prison ship. mandos not sure about busting in and fighting the New Republic, but they assure him the whole ship is man by droids, which he's totally happy to kill. in fact, there's a droid on the team, and they need him to pilot mandos ship, because it's off all the records, i guess, and only the Droid could pilot it good enough to fly under their radar. mando needs the money, so they're off on a prison break. now, the question we're all asking, where's baby Yoda? Amanda was trying to hide him in the compartment, but they found him. what is it? I got pet or something? yeah, something like that. they drop out of hyperspace, and the Droid pulls his sick piloting maneuvers forgot to tell him to buckle up. so they're sneaking around the prison ship. pretty soon though, the droids notice some and now it's mandos time to shine. he sneaks around behind the droids and, oh man, epic fight. he takes them all out single-handedly. they get to the control room, but there's a problem. ohoo. there's a live dude in here. he's just some rookie prison ship guard, the only one here all by himself. even guardians the Galaxy would just kill him. but he's got a tracking device. yeah, if he pushes that panic button to New Republic fleet's coming in to kick their butts. mando tries to talk the kid down, but the other guys are gonna kill him. so, boom, they're in a Mexican standoff. but then, BOOM, Oh, knife to the neck. yeah. psycho Twilight Harley Quinn chick just took charge there. unfortunately, that kid hit the button. they got 20 minutes before the New Republic comes down on him hard. they get over to the cell where their friends being held, and, oh, it's a buff Twilight dude. apparently he had, mando had some beef from back in the day. and, oh, he kicks man, oh, into the cell. this whole thing was a setup. things look bleak for our hero. but DeLoreans not going down easy. he blows up, passing guard droid and rips it Sarma, uses that to open the cell, and the Mandalorians on the loose. he gets to the control room and shuts off the lights, starts closing the doors, leading these guys around. and now it's an epic game of cat and mouse. first up is devil dude. mando tries to choke him out, but all this guy's too strong. manda tries his go-to trick, the flamethrower, but, oh yeah, Devils immune to fire. then he tries his trick from episode 1, remember where he shot the door and closed it on the guy. unfortunately, devil dudes too strong for even that. yeah, he's getting that squat in. unfortunately for him, there's another set of doors that boof back though sideways. next is Twilight chick. she's a master knife thrower, but she brought a knife to a best scar steel fights. oh, man. who takes her out - then it's the human dude. he's got a robot backpack armed with a gun on it, but that doesn't help him. it's a sweet scene cuz the lights are flickering in a home, and O's coming in close to him. he basically pulls a Batman on the guy. and, yeah, another one down. so finally, it's buff Twilight brother. instead of fighting, no, it's like, hey, man, know, if you kill me, you don't get paid. let's let bygones be bygones. just take me back home. you get the job done. meanwhile, on the ship, the droids been having a hilarious game of cat and mouse with baby Yoda. in the end, the droid finds him, and, oh no, he's gonna blast him, but baby ona raises his hand. he's gonna use some force powers. again, Kumail explodes the droid. oh, never mind that. that wasn't him. that was mando. so mando flies back to the station. and yeah, he brought buff Twyla comb. it's like, what happened to the whole rest of the crew? no questions asked. that's the policy, right? yeah, no, that's fair. actually. they give him his pay and send him on his way. unfortunately, as soon as he's away, they're gonna send out a ship to shoot him down. but buffed while looks like, wait a minute, what's this in my pocket? oh, if they're a public tracking beacon, ya, Mentos snagged it and hid it on the guy. so as mentos getting away, whoo-hoo, max wings come in, ya. the station's not ready for that. they shoot down their ship and theoretically arrest those dudes. turns out mando didn't kill the rest of the evil Guardians either. he just shoved them in a Cell. so the Mandalorian wins the day. he tried to go back to his roots of running with a bad crew, no morals, just do the job. but he just can't do that more. he's a good guy now and kind of a dad. so the mandalorian and baby Yoda fly off to their next adventure. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out 