welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. this episode we're covering the 2019 adaptation of Pet Sematary. the film is packed with hidden meanings, changes to the source material and Easter eggs that hint to the larger King universe. and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the movie's plot and ending. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen the movie yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you stick around until the end of the video for my review of the film, and leave your thoughts in the comments if you agree or disagree with me. without the way, thanks for clicking the video. and let's dive into my ending explain breakdown of Pet Sematary. Pet Sematary opens with the Creed family home in ruins. and instantly the film lets you know that this isn't going to have a happy ending. this sets the tone for the movie going forward. and we flash back to the Creed's driving to their new family home located on the outskirts of the forest in Ludlow. isn't it weird how most horror movies start with a family driving somewhere? you've got us The Shining the Evil Dead. the next time you want to go somewhere, just stop the car, turn around and go back. anyway, the Creed's are made up of father Lewis, mother Rachel, daughter, Ellie, son gage and cat Church, who, may I just say, is the best actor in this entire film. throughout the film, we learn that rachel is haunted by the death of her sister, who suffered from a degenerative spinal disease that twisted her bones and left her bed bound. Rachel's sister, Zelda, used to taunt her by saying that one day she too would get the disease. and his terrified her to the point that she was too scared to take food up to her room. one day, when Rachel was left alone with her, she sent food up in a dumbwaiter. however, the lift broke and Zelda tried to climb in to get it, causing the elevator to collapse and killing herself in the process. rachel lives with the guilt of this accident. and has been psychologically scarred to the point that she is unable to discuss death open the death of Rachel's sister, and Zelda's clear dislike for her sets up the motif of a deceased family member coming back to haunt the one who caused their death. and this plays into the film's ending heavily, which I'll get into later. anyway, the kree's led Nia, an extremely dangerous Road that large semi trucks often speed along with little regard for the homes that peppered the road. there's a lot of foreshadowing of this. and Creed, who is an ER doctor, one day has a patient rushed into his surgery that has been hit by a car on campus grounds. the patient, named Victor, is pretty mangled, with his bones and brains hanging out. and unfortunately, he passes away due to his injuries. lewis is haunted by victor, who seems to be trying to warn him not to break the barrier between the living and dead. this highlights that, spiritually, the town has something up with it, and there's ghosts throughout that kind of horn the characters. on Halloween, Lewis finds his dead cat by the side of the road. and with advice from jarred, his neighbor, he decides not to tell his daughter. instead, informing her that the cat merely ran away, Jody, who has grown close to Ellie, tells Lewis that they should bury the cat at night. and in the dark hours of the morning, the two venture up to the pet cemetery located in the woods near the home, should it. desperate not to see Ellie's heartbroken by the death, tells Lewis of a place further in the forest, and the to go there and buried the cat. the next day, Church returns, and after getting some bad cattitude from him, Lewis finds out that the ground is a place located on sacred Native American lands. you can't say Indian burial ground anymore, so don't even think it. you're racist. anyway, this land is used to bring back the dead, and a Wendigo is said to horn there. and the Native Americans ended up having to move because the ground went sour. now we never see the Wendigo, but there's definitely something there that can be heard moving in the dark. and it's altogether pretty creepy. for those who don't know the Wendigo is a major villain in Stephen King's the girl who loved Tom Gordon, and also the novelization of Pet Sematary. the Wendigo is a demon worshiped by Native American tribes, and it's steeped in King's work and in the girl who loved Hon Gordon. a family that go hiking or run into the creature. if that book is ever adapted, I can definitely see you picking up with the Wendigo from this film. anyway, back at home, Ellie begins locking her doors at night so church can get in. and when Lewis finds the cat engages crib about to attack him, he decides that Dead is we better. lewis goes to put the cat down, but after a gibson puss-in-boots eyes, he decides to take it far up the road and leave it. there are some warning signs here not to trespass, and this could perhaps hint that there are the part in the area that have been purposely cordoned off due to their ability to raise the dead. anyway, life seems to return to normal for the family, and they throw a ninth birthday party for Ellie, who still misses her cat. I'm playing hide and seek. she runs near the road, and, after seen walking down it, decides to run out in the middle of it. gage follows her, but he clearly does engage the situation well, and Lewis has to run into the road to save him. now this is where the movie differs slightly from the original and source material, as in that it was gage who died, whereas here it's le overall, I think it's actually a better choice to have le die, as they do some fantastic make-up effects with her. and with her being slightly older, she's able to talk more and be more of a threatening force. anyway, le is killed. they hold a funeral, and Rachel engage go to stay at her parents. Lewis, aware that Jude will try to stop him if he brings Ellie back, goes over to his house. Cordy bees him and takes Ellie up to the pet cemetery where she returns in the dead of night. clearly she's messed up, but Lewis looks past it due to the grief. Rachel engaged drive home and passed through dairy, which some King fans may recognize. in case you don't, dairy is the town in which Pennywise the clown lives, and it's the setting of it. so this is a nice little reference to the larger King world. anyway, Rachel drives home horrified at her daughter's return. and Lewis leaves the house to discover that Jude has been murdered by Ellie. they do an awesome fake out on the Achilles heel stabbed before bringing it back. and fans of the original will love this callback. at this time, Ellie has went into full rampage mode, and she's able to catch him mother off-guard. due to her psychosis and believing that her sister Zelda is haunting her, le murders her mother, but rachel is able to pass gage out to Lewis, locks him in the car in order to keep him safe. Ellie knocks Lewis out and drags her mother up to the pet cemetery, and on her return from burying her is attacked by Lewis, who attempts to kill her, but hesitates when she tells him that they can still be a family. it's at this point that Lewis has stabbed through the back by a reanimated Rachel. and a to drag his body up to the cemetery to bring him back to life. the film ends with the darkest King finale since the mist with the Family Circle engage in the car before unlocking it, probably murder him and bring him back as the undead. obviously, there's a lot to take from this. personally, I think the movie is a commentary on how grief can cause us to do out of character things that have the potential to lead to our home demise. the family in the film are destroyed due to their inability to accept death, and ultimately, this leads to their downfall. they should be embracing all aspects of life, but instead, they only want the things that suit them, and in the end, this causes them to become part of the undead. Rachel cannot accept that she caused her sister's death, and the shielding from the truth throughout the film causes the family's downfall. this is about accepting life, and, no matter how short, as a beautiful thing, and not trying to subvert it in order to get our own twisted view of what reality should be. as mentioned earlier, the film has several major differences from the book, and in that it's gauge, who is killed and resurrected. the film also makes no mention of the last person who was resurrected by the burial ground, Timmy beggarman. after beta man was buried, he came back as a malevolent zombie and terrorized the town folk before they tracked him down and killed him. in the book, Joe believed that a demon had possessed the corpse, as when attempting to kill it, they a mentor knit them with indiscretions from their personal lives. whilst there are hints that Elie is possessed by something, this is never fully confirmed in the book. Lewis returns to the burial ground with Rachel after gage kills her, under the notion that if he buries her faster than gage, something better will happen. however, it's hinted that this doesn't change a thing, and upon her return, there is definitely a sinister side to it. Lewis also kills gage with a lethal injection, whereas in the film, the family are still alive, if you can call it that. and now on to my review. okay, so the first question you may have is, is this better than the original film? well, you'll be happy to hear that I think it surpasses the 1989 film in pretty much every way. the atmosphere is creepier, the acting is a lot better, and the narrative changes definitely elevate the plot and make more the second question that you may have is, is this better than it unfortunately, not, at least in my opinion. whilst the narrative is a lot better, the lack of a true villain here really makes it less engaging for me than it was. it feels rather run-of-the-mill story wise, and the movie misses out on certain chances to improve on the self containment of the original story. those who've seen the trailer will probably know the majority of the plot beats here, and it's strange that so much was spoiled in the promotional material for the film. there are also certain plot points, like Rachel's sister, that don't really have any impact beyond being in the characters heads. and this feels like a slightly missed opportunity. the film is still very enjoyable. oh, and it's definitely worth checking out in cinemas. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on Pet Sematary and if you prefer this version or the original, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the Twilight zones new episodes, which would be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 