welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where they all float. with the release of a chapter - I thought I'd go back and break down everything that you need to know about the apparent way to defeat Pennywise the clown once and for all. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down the ritual of tchard, including the main differences between the book and movie, and how to use it in case you ever come face-to-face with a killer clown. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch it chapter 2 yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly recommend that you turn off. now, with that out the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into my breakdown of the ritual absurd. the biggest question in both the book and movie versions of it is, how do you actually defeat an interdimensional, immortal, psychic being made of pure light when all you have is an inhaler and a shower cap? simple. the ritual of tchard dumb down to its most basic form. the ritual of tchard is a battle of wills that takes place between the minds and hearts of the losers Club and Pennywise. in the film, the ritual itself dates back to an ancient Native American tribe that initially inhabited the land that would become to known history. the Native Americans believed that it was an evil spirit or demon similar to the Wendigo, and that the only way to get rid of it was to trap its essence in a container. depending on which version you check out, either Bell or Mike discover this ritual, and according to the legend, it's the only way to defeat the creature. in the original source material, the losers Club performed the ritual as children and later as adults. in the first ritual, the group believed that silver would kill it, due to its prominence in horror movies, where it was often used to defeat vampires and werewolves. however, we later learn that because the children believe that it was powerful, that it took on the powers. after Bill researches the creature, he discovers that the ritual originates from a Himalayan tribe. and during the ritual, if the creature you're performing it on sticks out its tongue, you must stick out yours too, and these will overlap, and you can bite into the creature and thus enter its mind. it's very sort of metaphysical, and is to do with a connection that will be brought from being locked I to I with the monster. though, anyone who asks the french-kiss Pennywise is asking for trouble. as a child enters Pennywise his mind and meets a giant space turtle called michurin, which i promised to cover in another video down the line, but for now, let's just stick to this. anyway, mature and vomited up our universe, yes, really. and bill lens that he must bite on the tongue, not with his teeth, but with his mind. and this defeats Pennywise for the first time in the book. the group, as adults, are able to perform the ritual once more, strengthened by their love and friendship, during which point, Ritchie bites the tongue instead in its mind, with Ben beside him, and they are able to crush the creatures heart, whilst Eddy distracts it on the outside, which allows them to overpower and kill it. in the book, as the child's storyline and adults play out at the same time. we are able to see why the first performance of the ritual only delays Pennywise, whilst the other one succeeds in killing it once and for all. it's clear that as the losers became older and more successful, that they too grew in self belief, and therefore were able to vanquish it. now where it differs from the book is that in the film, after making their way to penny wises lair, located below the Neo bolt house, Mike, along with the rest of the group, perform the ritual, but it completely fails. they use tokens from their passer are connected to happy memories and join hands in a circle, only to discover that they simply aren't powerful enough to defeat the creature. after bursting their bubble literally, Mike reveals at the previous time that the ritual was performed by the Native Americans, it too did not work, but he believed that it would for them due to their connection. the losers clubs still end up beaten Pennywise. however, this is through pure belief, even without the aid of the ritual. this is because they are no longer afraid of the character and believed that even with just words, they are stronger than it and can overpower it. whilst the ritual is seen as a failure, it still helps in some ways, as it allows them to know their belief is strong enough to manipulate Pennywise to revealing its true form. and thus it's possible to use willpower to end the creature. whilst I've seen some people say that the losers club managed to defeat Pennywise by making it feel like it had no day for the prom it's actually a lot more complex than that. Pennywise exists because of fear, and it beads on it. this is why the creature tends to attack people when they're vulnerable. we see this when Ben is scared to enter the library basement, when stan has to walk past his father's scary painting, which I still have no idea where that exists, when Adrian Mellon is drowning and when the losers Club have just been attacked by Henry Bowers. therefore, if there is no fear, Pennywise cannot be empowered, and thus it shrinks down to become almost baby-like. and the losers are able to tear out its heart and crush it. now none of these guys are like Lloyd Christmas in Dumb and Dumber, but because they believe that penny wise has a heart, they are able to do it. if they weren't in its lair and performed the ritual, it would probably flee, similar to how we saw at the end of the first film. but as it has nowhere to retreat to you, they're finally able to kill it and take the big jump into the ravine to celebrate finally getting rid of that killer Klown. so everyone, next time you walk past the sewer and see a clown standing there, you know what to do. just wrap your tongue around its tongue and stare into its eye, enter its mind and overpower it with your will by calling it Ronald McDonald or something. yeah, just make sure you drop a like if I've saved your life. best of luck with that. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the ritual absurd and how you'd fight a killer Klown if you came face-to-face with one comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up and make sure you check out my breakdown of everything you need to know about penny wise, which will be linked at the end. I go over the characters, entire history, origins and more. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want something to watch after this. if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me on twitter at definition YT. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. also, just one let you know that we're giving away a free copy of John wick 3 and blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the ritual absurd in the comments section below. the winner will be chosen tomorrow, on September the 10th, and the blue arrow be shipped out from then to a baguette surprise. so best of luck that everyone who takes part. a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this I've been definition. you've been the best. see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 