welcome to the men of recaps. this is Deadpool 1. meet Deadpool. he's an r-rated superhero whose greatest power is being able to break the fourth wall and wisecrack about looking Wolverines balls. the movie starts with him leaping from the overpass and lengthening in the car full of bad guys beating them up. things get quickly out of hand. more bad guys show up, and he only remembered to bring 12 bullets with him, so he has to make each one count. he's after this one bad guy in particular, named Francis, who, in his backstory made him super ugly. someone shows up, though. it's Colossus from the x-men. he's brought with him negasonic teenage warhead. these were the only two x-men in the studio could afford. they've come to put a stop to his very public murder rampage. but while they're talking, Francis gets away. Colossus, if you can't guess by looking at him, is not someone you want to punch. so they dragged him out of there, but Ted Poole cuts his hand off to escape. now it's a flashback backstory. Wade Wilson is a mercenary type. he threatens pizza boys to stop stalking teenage girls. his best friend is Erlich Bachman, who's a bartender at the mercenary bar, where they've all got a bet going on who will die first. they call the Deadpool. one night he meets a hottie named Vanessa. and long story short, these two fall in love. but Wade gets the cancer. he's approached by the sketchy agent guy who's like, we can hear your cancer. we're doing a super-soldier program. but this isn't apt in America. it's run by bad guys, and they fix you with the shot-caller after to make you a super slave to sell to the highest bidder. it's run by this guy named Ajax, but Deadpool likes to call him by his real name, Francis. they try to unlock your latent mutations by injecting you with super drugs and basically torturing you. and it works. he's got super powers, but unfortunately now he's super ugly. Francis is like, huh? I could have you keep your powers and make you not ugly, but I'm not gonna cuz you're a dick. so he busts on out of there, but Ajax beats him up and leaves him to die. but he survives because luckily, his power is he's got ultra regeneration. he wants to see his girlfriend, but he realizes he'll just scare her off looking like this. so he wants to hunt down Francis, make him reverse it. he wears white on his first outing, which is not great for blood stains, so he changes to the red uniform, and he's the Deadpool we all know and love. he finds the agent guy who gives up Francis's location. so Deadpool hops a cabbie, helps the driver with his love life, and then it's the whole highway scene. and it brings us up to the present. Deadpool goes home to his roommate, who's a dirty, old blind woman. they build an IKEA cabinet together while he waits for his baby hands to grow back. but the bad guys go to the bar, find a picture of Vanessa. so Deadpool's got to go warner at her place of business, a strip club. he's still too scared to talk to her though, so the bad guys get her first. so Deadpool goes to the x-men house get some backup, and the three of them go on in for the final battle. the bad guys have this super-strong girl who fights Colossus. they got a bunch of nameless henchmen too, but deadpool takes care of so that's the final battle between deadpool and francis. though deadpool can heal anything, a knife to the head slows him down quite a bit. but down below, negasonic teenage warhead is doing her thing. so the whole whatever they're fighting on falls down. Vanessa survives, and Deadpool finally gets francis. like, alright, man, time to make me pretty again. but he's like, well, it was lying when I said I could do that. this is irreversible. so Deadpool's gonna shoot him. but colossus like, wait, no. a true hero doesn't kill someone to play him. Deadpool's like, yeah, i don't care. and then he finally shows Vanessa what's under his mask, another mask of Hugh Jackman. but under that mask, she sees his true face. and she's like, wow, yeah, you're hugly. but it's okay. she still loves him. and that's how deadpool 1 comes to an end. [Music], 