i never thought they'd put a bucky scene in a dc tv show, but, well, not my proudest one. oh, hey, didn't see you there. uh, how's it going? so the finale of doom patrol, season two has just dropped. and throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down everything that you need to know about the ending. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you haven't had a chance to check out the final episode yet, then i highly recommend that you turn off now. you better subscribe to the channel, as we do videos like this every day. and also, yeah, please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video. with all out the way, welcome to the heavy spoiler show. this is the death patrol. now let's get into the breakdown. okay, so season two has very much centered around the relationship between dorothy and her dad, niles. i kind of feel like this season has focused a bit too much on her, and with the finale being cut short due to covid it does feel slightly underwhelming. now, that's not to say it's bad, but you can definitely feel the pandemic forcing the creative team to cut a few corners in order to try and wrap this up in a satisfying way. now, throughout the series we've had some interesting plot elements, such as cliff trying to build a relationship with his daughter, cyborg getting a new love interest, and ria trying to create a career in showbiz. once more. lawrence also very much sees the truth behind his relationship with his family. and the season as a whole thematically centers around the children and their parents having to make good on their mistakes. there's more family motifs here than a fast and furious film. and i really got the feeling that it was about the doom patrol, casting aside the family that they had biologically in favor of the one that they formed as friends. that's all kind of surface level stuff, but it does feel laced throughout the entry. there's there's also a good bit with steel and stone in episode five. that was probably probably the height of the season. and you know what, that avengers parody in episode eight, in case you don't know, that used to be a crime fighting tv show, and it's actually the reason that the avengers movie had to be called avengers assemble in the uk. a little bit of trivia for you there that i'm sure you don't care about. now the more we learn about dorothy, the more we discover how dangerous she could be. dorothy has the ability to bring her imaginary friends to life. and throughout the season, the evil candle maker slowly starts to manifest in the real world. now in the comic books, the candle maker was actually created through unconscious tensions that arose in the wake of the second world war. the planet was in a constant state of paranoia. and whether it was countries developing nukes the cold war, or people thinking we would never see the snyder cut, this anger manifested into the character. through dorothy's abilities, the candlemaker saw a way to come into our reality. and by posing as an imaginary friend, it snuck in with the creatures that existed in her mind, waiting for the perfect opportunity to break free. that's pretty much the basis of how it came to be. and we watch as niles tries to stop dorothy from maturing and unleashing what could be the apocalypse. now though niles has tried his best to stop her from growing, due to the repercussions it could have, the character gets a period in episode 8 to show that she's indeed aging. this blood coming on also acts as a metaphor for the bloodshed that the candle maker will bring forth. and as always, doom patrol kinda kind of uses things we don't normally talk about in the open to signal the way things are gonna go. cliff also learns that he will have a grandson and gets a wedding invite. and we also discover that cyborg's girlfriend is a suspect in an fbi investigation. the two go their separate ways, with borg likely having to go after her due to her fugitive status. rita gets a chance to stop her, but doesn't. but you know what? i'm not mad at her. you go. beekeeper. lawrence and jane also go on a mission to find a primary personality in order to inhabit the latter's body. and it's here that miranda is able to slip in and take over. i'll talk about this later in the video, but it's something important to bear in mind. elsewhere, niles and dorothy go to a fun fair in what could be their last day together. here she has a vision of a mother who tells her that it's time. she transports her to their home and i love the little inclusion of the red boots. dorothy, of course, wore ruby slippers in the wizard of oz and these granted her the wish to return home. i actually think that they may be used as a way to grant a wish for doom patrolled dorothy, and they will likely be the key to defeating the candle maker. now, these boots also have another meaning. when she's in the bathroom, the show hovers on our white trainers and the blood that appears on them. the fact that we go from the red blood on her trainers to her red boots showcases that she's growing as a person and is now ready to take on a bigger role. how to make matters worse? niles starts to succumb to his sickness due to losing his immortality. and the stakes really rise as we head into the finale. the candlemaker manifests at the carnival, and the doom patrol are called in to save the day. this causes issues for cliff, who promised to be at the birth of his grandson, but because of the bigger matters at play, he's unfortunately called away. i do think that he will get this opportunity in the 10th episode, but the way things are left, yeah, it doesn't seem too good for him. now, upon arriving at the carnival, kipling is taken away, and they're attacked by their imaginary friends. rita comes face to face with a collage that she made as a child, who's also known as roxy. this was her idea of beauty. and as she's become someone whose looks led to her going on an internal downward spiral, it's cool to see her face off against it. we learn that the eyes she used actually belonged to her mother, but that she cast roxy to the side after the two became estranged due to her, let's say, discovery. i'm trying to keep it as pg-13 as i can. now, cyborg faces off against a version of his father, also known as dr cowboy, and cliff against jesus. the last one is hilarious, and it lets us know that cliff's family were probably bible bashers when the guy was younger. jane, or rather miranda, who is, of course, pretty much built upon multiple personalities, takes an inward journey into her own mind and remembers the first time that she lost control this was because of her boyfriend, who tried to host an orgy in order to add some spark back into their relationship. but she never saw her as missing anything, and thus was completely torn apart by it. miranda felt uncomfortable because of what was going on. and it's at this moment that she stepped back as the primary personality, though i thought she would have been used to having multiple people inside a yeah, you're having that. now we learned at this moment is what fractured miranda in chain completely, and that it allowed the latter to step forward and become the primary personality over her. however, there does come a big twist with this, as we do learn that miranda stepped back and killed herself. in the show, the miranda that we've seen isn't really miranda, and it is possible that it may be some facet of jane's father. now we don't know that for definite. and yeah, there's very little to go on, but let me know your thoughts in the comments below, as it's something i'd love to discuss. this is the moment that made jane take center stage and guide the group. but as we learn this false miranda has now taken back control. now, the candlemaker is, of course, the one causing their imaginations to run wild in the real world, and it showcases the power that he's come to possess. the showdowns at the patrol have leads to them being covered in wax, and cliff is shattered, whilst the rest of the group are frozen in place. niles crawls along the floor dying, and dorothy comes out of hiding to find him. and a mother, she has the choice to sacrifice herself or not, but she puts on the red boots. and thus the candle maker comes forward. her mother goes to give her a weapon, but instead she forms a staff, and she goes to the villain and is pulled into a fire, which is when nile screams, dorothy, and we cut to black. now, what exactly is going on here? well, in the original candle maker arc dorothy actually defeated the character by using wishes. i think that in the reality she's just been pulled into, she will use his power to take him down. and niles might actually end up joining her, sacrificing himself to save his daughter. dorothy manifesting a cool spear shows that the childish side still exists within her, but that she's also able to pull on her own powers and bring things from her imagination into the physical form. i think in the show that the channel maker exists very much like pennywise, and that due to it being a creature that preys heavily upon the imagination of its targets, that in order to defeat it, one must use that as a weapon. with dorothy still being a child, i imagine she's got a brilliant imagination, and she can massively pull from this. and it will hopefully lead to a big shout out between the pair. now this, of course, was not supposed to be the finale, and thus it is difficult to really talk about the ending as it's incomplete. however, i do think that in the dimension that dorothy's been taken into, we will see her imagination come forth alongside her greatest fears. now there are lots of theories that dorothy is actually dead, but i disagree with that, and i think niles will instead take her place. his arc this season has shown us how much of a bad dude that he is, and i think it would be fitting that in his final few moments he actually did the right thing obviously, as soon as the next episode, or rather, the real finale, is here, i will have a breakdown on it. but for the moment, those are my main thoughts and theories on where things could be going. now i'd love to hear your thoughts on the season, so comment below and let me know. and also, if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up and make sure you check out our breakdown of season 2 of the umbrella academy, which is going to be linked at the end. also shout outs to beyond gaming, who have been going back and forth with over the season for the last couple of hours. i know he's got some big doom patrol videos coming soon, so definitely check out his channel. don't forget that every month on the 15th, we give away free blu-rays. and all you have to do to be on the chance of winning the mcu infinity saga boxset is leave a like and subscribe with notifications on if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us on our discord server, linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. definition i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 