welcome to the man of recaps. this is fear the walking dead, season 6, episode 11. and remember, you can watch all these new episodes of fear the walking dead on amc plus. plus check out their other awesome shows and dive into their immersive, expansive, epic worlds. this episode we finally learn more about this and is the beginning group. apparently they're living in some underground bunker, and it seems like they've got a nice, happy thing going except over the pa system, it's some guy talking some deep philosophical stuff like, the end is the beginning. all death leads to new life. open your eyes to see the truth. here's a little tip for you, if your workplace doesn't play music, but instead your boss's philosophical ramblings, you in a cult. apparently they've just rescued some new people, and coming on down the elevator. it's our crew. they're sort of undercover on a scouting mission to find out who the heck these end is the beginning people are. they do interviews with this main guy, but apparently they're led by their big cult leader, teddy. as their final interview question, this guy takes them to the zombie they've got tied to a post, who's like, growing all these plants. he's like, tell me what you see. based on their whole mantra, i assume you're supposed to say something like, oh, i see new life springing from death. but for now, our group's just like, yo, i see a zombie tied to a post. and they're like, ah, don't worry. everyone says that at first, but teddy will open your eyes. this guy doesn't answer any of their questions, by the way, but he does say they're planning something big, and pretty soon they're gonna shut the doors for good. as viewers, we know they have a nuclear submarine, so looks like they're planning to start a nuclear apocalypse. now, remember wes who met alicia in season five, and together they painted all the trees? while he's looking at the paintings they got here, and he's like, huh? this art style looks just like my dead brother derek's. and guess who's coming home right now? it is his brother derek. yes, he's alive. it's like, yeah, man. when we got separated because of the zombies, eventually this group found me and took me in. west is like, so bro, what is this place? what are you guys planning? but derek's like, ah, bro, you'll see once teddy helps open your eyes. and so it's obvious to our group that even though everyone here is super nice, they must be secretly evil. they go snooping around, and first off, finds a bunch of the documents from the crm. yeah, the civic republic military. al knows about them because of her helicopter girlfriend, a beard lady. but then they find a bunch of maps and stuff of all of virginia's settlements. wes is like, nah, my brother wouldn't blow up tank town. he's a good person. but then there's very specific notes of like, how to blow up tank town. and then was finds his brother painting tank town. it's like, oh yeah. i blew it up. it's like, yo, i was there. i got hit by the shrapnel. you almost killed me. he's like, oh, sorry about that, man, but it's all part of our master plan. like, killing those people is us saving the world. these two have a long emotional conversation. it's more lines than wes has had in the entire series so far. the gist of it is, bro, you've been brainwashed by an end of the world cult. but his brother's like, nah, man, i'm not brainwashed. i've just had my eyes opened to the truth, which is exactly what people who have been brainwashed by colts say. in the end, he convinces his brother to escape with them, but he was playing, not me. gets them captured. now that they know our crew is part of morgan's group, it's like, hey, where's his new secret settlement? tell us or we'll kill you. plus we'll embalm you so you don't decompose and become part of the new earth. derricks like, yo, west, let me open your eyes and show you the truth. so they go up back to the zombie on the post. but now what's his answer? i see someone who's still walking around even though they're dead. and he's not talking about the zombie. he was talking about his brother. yes, his brother's too far gone. he can't save him. he goes for the gun. all the brothers are struggling, and he ends up pushing his brother into the zombie, who bites his neck out. and, oh, his brother dies. so wes comes back down, takes this guy hostage, and our group escapes out the back door. but this door is a zombie storage area. all these zombies have been embalmed. they have their mouths sewn shut. i legitimately have no idea how this ties into their master plan. excited to find out, al finds the crm soldier they must have taken the plants from. she's afraid it might be her girlfriend. i have no idea what she looked like at this point, but apparently it's not her. anyway, these zombies are all full of flammable and bombing fluids, so they're gonna light this whole place on fire. it's alicia who's like, you guys go. i'll stay behind to like the match, even though it kinda seems like she could have just thrown the match from the doorway that they were all walking out of, but for television reasons, that wasn't an option. and so as everyone else escapes, alicia stays behind, and, oh, lights the place on fire. so back at morgan's hidden valley ranch, they fill in morgan on what's going on. apparently alicia was not right behind him. they don't know if she's alive or dead. so they're gonna go back out and find her. dwight to now talk about her crm girlfriend. and it's like, hey, i'm gonna go find her, warn them that the end is the beginning. people are planning something, assuming they don't shoot me on site, maybe we can team up. alicia did survive the fire, though she's a prisoner again. they leave just this one guy to kill her and embalm her. but alicia can take one guy all stabbed in the eye. they have a big old fight, but alicia's a badass. she wins. but now, who's this coming in? it is their big cult leader, teddy. he is a cool, charismatic type of guy who's got this whole like wise guru thing going. and with a beard like that, i mean, i believe him. alicia's like, yo, bro, you can just stop talking. i'm never gonna join your dumb cult. but he's like, oh, i bet you will. i've been looking for someone like you, alicia. and that's where the episode comes to an end. now you already know amc plus is the place for all things the walking dead, but you also get access to a ton of other great shows. maybe you're into the punk fantasy world of the watch, where an unlikely group of misfits have to find the guts to save the world. a comedy adventure with wizards, werewolves and dragons. i mean, come on, i gotta check it out. if horror is your thing, you're just in time for shutters. halfway to halloween month with a packed lineup of new horror shows and movies. catch new episodes of creep show season 2, still the most fun you'll ever have being scared. looking for an action-packed crime drama, you gotta watch gangs of london. enter the violent streets of fictional modern london as sean wallace hunts down his father's killer and rises to the top of the criminal underworld. discover the romance thriller, a discovery of witches, where witches, vampires and demons live among us. a dangerous mystery and a forbidden romance. this kind of thing's my guilty pleasure. so click the link in the description to sign up for your seven day free trial of amc plus. now get all the walking dead content you love, plus explore the rest of their epic worlds. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 