[Music]. Deadpool to seize the return of the Merc with the mouth bigger and badder than ever before. the ryan reynolds led comic book film packs a punch that secures it as one of the most entertaining movies of the year. as with most comic book films, there are several Easter eggs and post-credits scenes that tease potential sequels and plot lines to come. throughout this video, I will be discussing Deadpool 2's ending as well as the movie's post-credits II. there will be huge spoilers, so I highly recommend that you wait until you've seen the film before watching this video. without the way I'm definition. and this is my ending, explained video for Deadpool. tube. after watching his girlfriend brutally murdered in front of him, Deadpool is on a suicide mission. in the film's opener, he attempts numerous ways to end his life, but is unable to do so because of his healing factor. mirroring this is cable in the future. he too has had his loved ones ripped from his arms by the villain fire fist. cable vows to kill his family's murderer before he ever has the chance to take their lives. and this kicks off the main flop. traveling back in time, he hunts down fire fists as a child, before his powers had fully matured. unbeknownst to him, the young boy and Deadpool have struck up a friendship, and the two must battle one another as one tries to murder him, while Silva tries to protect him. in their first confrontation, a cable takes a memento from Deadpool, and this comes into play in the final act. this led coin was from Deadpool and his girlfriend's first day, and obviously has a lot of sentimental value for the Merc with a mouth as our protagonist, friendship with firefish as early on, a prison which uses collars to new immune powers. the boy comes into contact with the juggernaut. they bond, and the duo team up in order to take down those who wronged him in his childhood. after visits to the afterlife, Deadpool knows that he must find Redemption by saving the boy's life. he draws up an uneasy alliance with cable, as neither can take on the juggernaut head-on, and they must work together as a team, even though their goals are opposite. in the final act, cable goes to kill fire fist, but before he can, Deadpool jumps in the way of the bullet and sacrifices himself in order to save him. the character is wearing a collar that neutered his powers, and as such, he is unable to healed, and he dies at the scene. he is reunited with his loved one in heaven. so it's a bit of a happy end. however, cable realizes that this is wrong and travels back in time to place the lead coin where the bullet would hit, so that it deflects. this still allows Deadpool to show that he was willing to give his life to save fire fists and to be the inspiration that the child needed in order to not become the villain. this move has caused cable sigh machine to be depleted of energy, but he vows to stay in the present and help where he can, safe in the knowledge that his family are now safe. the movie isn't finished yet, though, and the post-credits scene is arguably the greatest ever put to film. after the time machine is fixed, Deadpool is able to travel through time and write all the wrongs of his past. he ventures back to save his girlfriend from being murdered, before completely shattering the fourth wall and killing the version of himself that appears at the end of x-men origins Wolverine. I absolutely love this reference. and it gets even better when we watched the character travel back in time to kill Ryan Reynolds as he reads the script for green lanten, basically so he could never make that terrible, terrible movie. I thoroughly enjoyed that pool - due to its crass humor, outstanding action scenes and overall charm. I was never a huge fan of the first film. however, this writes a lot of its wrongs, and there are several moments throughout that really shown for me Josh Brolin was phenomenal. and whilst I don't think that he topped his Thanos before moments, he still was very good in the role. Deadpool 2 was a blast from start to finish, and I can't wait to watch it again. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the film. so if you've seen it, please let me know what you liked and didn't like about it, and tell me if you think the original is better, if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and subscribe to my channel. as I do ending explain videos across a wide range of media, from TV to games, movies and more. they'll definitely be something on the channel that you love. and if you want to see more, then check out my ending explained videos for Avengers infinity war and the new Netflix horror family blood. thanks very much for taking the time to watch this video. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 