listen. so extraction was a comic book written by the russos who, after end game, they they pretty much have the funds to do whatever they want. they got sam hargrave, the stunt master behind a lot of the marvel movies, atomic blonde, the hunger games, to direct it. and while this action is a solid combo price, in my opinion, that ending is a straight up cop-out. let me explain. so pretty much, the story is about an extraction. there's a crime lord whose son gets kidnapped, and thus two trained mercenaries are tasked to go get him before both of them get screwed over. saju's family is put in danger, so he's willing to do anything to protect them, including getting hit by a truck. meanwhile, tyler rake is still grieving the loss of his child his divorce. he's like end game thor but ripped after reaching his breaking points. and he's also getting hit back. [Applause]. the whole movie is a fast-paced cat and mouse game with superb action that i'll get to. but i can't have y'all falling for that ending. pretty much the extraction happens, but tyler ray gets shot in the neck, left or dead at the bottom of the water, and then a while later, maybe appears to ov really what we have is a movie, and where the producers who wrote the comic have him living and even texting the child that he saved. but then you have a director who directed with the intention that he's supposed to be dead and did not want a sequel. and then there are test screenings where they realized that audiences were split right down the middle, with him either dying or living. so in order to appease both sides, they just didn't answer it. they just have a blurb appear right at the end to ovie, and then just, you know, they just called it a day. i mean, it looks like him, tyler, never saw the ghost of his kid previously in the movie we were watching. so i think they just confused the not making up their minds with an ambiguous ending. pretty much, they couldn't make a decision, but netflix didn't even flinch at the thought of it. hell, now there's a sequel in the works, which makes it even more pointless. like, if it's a prequel, i can't wait to sit through all of those prolonged, tense sequences, wondering if he'll live long enough to die in the sequel, which was the first, and if it's a follow-up with him, then clearly ambiguity can be answered with a paycheck. but if it means they can go crazy with the action, i guess i'm down. if there's one thing working on big budget movies can get you, it's big budgets to work with. seeing the russos partner with new directors, getting their stars producing credits as they expand their production company, i think it's really dope. i love hearing that they're working with the daniels, and getting hargrave to direct with his action experience really shows, because this is someone who knows what he wants when it comes to the genre. i think, coming from an action background, there's a language that i speak fluently, because when i would perform these things or design action to be seen in a specific way, that was not the right way, wrong way, just different. it was how i saw it. oftentimes the director that i'd worked for would shoot it a different way, edit it a different way, that would sometimes not be in alignment with how i kind of designed it to be seen or experienced. it's been the new trend to have stunt coordinators take on the role of directing. and i'm for it if they can balance the story, since who would know this shot better than the person who straps himself to a car to get the shot? whatever i've asked chris or any other stunt performer to do, i've either done myself or have designed. uh, you know, to some degree, i love how the director wants to start in every one of his movies, he he just wants to kenny himself in more and more creative ways, which i guess is one way to ensure a director's cut. but considering his influences from old westerns, hong kong action flicks, it's no wonder the 12-minute winner is absolutely incredible to the lme. listeners, you've heard me gush over the one take in the raid where the camera guy passes it to another camera dude dressed as a car seat. i made a whole video on the stunts from mi6 and the literal fallout from the plane that included the cameraman doing it as well. and hargreave himself was in there shooting this scene, falling from the rooftops. our warner sequence is officially 11 minutes and 29 seconds of a continuous one shot. but i believe it was 36 different segments that we had to put together to look like one continuous take. now, the action may not be boggy iii style, but i love the variables of the busy street passing them by in the middle of their fight. cause, you know, it's india. it's not just the people they had to worry about coming out of their houses. they had people set up on all the doorways to make sure chickens, cows, nothing else was coming out. on top of that, they had a ban on guns there, so they literally had to say pew, pew on set with the rubber guns being digitally fixed in post. it'd be interested to see if anybody, if they didn't hear this interview, knew that we shot the entire sequence without a single blank firing gun. they were all rubber. the shot where they jump off the balcony, like i said, is dope because the director jumped off with them. this man was hopping in between vehicles. he's on the hood of the car, buckling his knees for impact. and there's chris just straight up joe passing dudes. had me looking like ovi with every kill he made. even my boy had some assist. and then came back and shot it again. i was like, oh, that's it. got it in the can. and then you came back and said, i want to tweak some stuff. i was like, ugh. i'm gonna tweak you. overall, i do think it's a decent action movie, and i'm excited to see this crew team up again, because i really like their action sequences. i just don't think it needs to be a sequel. i would love to see something original coming out of these guys, but in the world of franchising and streaming, i get it. it sounds like they're banking on this being their new rambo. i just hope that their future endings land as hard as their punches. for me, action is a way to tell a story in a dynamic way. and if you're not able to see what's happening, if you're not able to experience it as the characters do, then you're missing a lot of the impact of the moment. that said, what was up with the urine filter? they had more yellow than my thumbnails. thank you guys for checking out this video. i'm kissing your thoughts down below in the comment section. uh, your thoughts on the sequel as well, whether it directly follows the first or if it's a prequel? uh, i don't know about his tattoos, a side queen or quibby series. it could be literally anything. i don't know what they're gonna do with it. uh, but i'm curious to see where it goes. i don't want it to be dependent, you know, i don't want the ending, that's my biggest thing. i i hate that the ending is dependent on if it got green lit by a sequel. like, no, i don't want it to be that. the future of movies, especially when they're streaming, is you decide the ending. uh, y'all want him to live, retweet, like, i don't want to be seeing that when it comes to these streaming services really getting integrated with social media. uh, and test screenings, really just doing anything based off if the audience will like them or not, even to the point of not answering the ending. i do like the cast and crew behind it though, and i am excited to see them do more things. just wanted to answer the endings. uh, but it is interesting to see joe russo was talking about in one of the watch alongs how he's worried that, you know, movies like this aren't being made. like, imagine directing the highest grossing movie of all time, and you're worried about the space for these kind of movies. so i guess it really is that messed up over there. so if that's the excuse to stick to franchising, i suppose. but i think they have enough to be able to do and spawn a bunch of different stories, um, that have proper endings. other than that, i'm questioning your thoughts down below in the comments section. let me know any other action movies that stick out to you that you want us to cover. and until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and liam hemsworth will extract you. 