because the black coat store is a sinister tale of demonic possession and murder. well, starting off slow, the movie intensifies throughout. it's quite normal to begin with, but as it goes on, it becomes more depraved and twisted. you the way that the film manipulates time and recast characters, it can be quite hard to follow. so I just thought I'd put together a little plot synopsis, which hopefully explains the film and also gives my theory towards exactly what I think it's about. the film follows Rosen cap students at a prestigious boarding school who are prepared to be picked up by their parents. cat has a premonition which she sees a parent's car horribly smashed up, and begins to worry that they might never arrive. Rose also worries about something. she thinks she may be pregnant, and delays her parents arrival in order to tell her boyfriend. after never being picked up, on the final day of school, both students must remain in the boarding dormitory until their parents arrive. Rose sneaks out one night to inform a boyfriend that she may be pregnant. and you this will be getting a termination. if it is the case. upon return the school, she travels down in the basement where she sees cat performing a ritualistic prayer beside an open furnace. meanwhile, a girl named Joan arrives in upstate New York, and, whilst waiting for the bus, is greeted by bill, someone who offers her a ride, much the anger of his wife. so that kind of introduces the characters into it. and throughout the film that focuses on their from normality to the very twisted. John awakens in a hotel room. she takes a shower, and a bullet scar can be seen on her shoulder. in a flashback, the police officer shoots a rifle at her. bill knocks and tells Joan the reason he picked her up is because she reminds him of someone. he invites her to have dinner with him at the restaurant next door, where he shows Joan a picture of his daughter Rose. Joan excuses herself and goes to the bathroom where she giggles and has a memory of killing a woman and stealing her identification card. John sees bill talking to a cop, and whilst they're distracted, she steals a knife from a bust ray bill, and informs John that they have to hit the road to beat an impending storm. and Joan goes to the car. well, Linda, his wife, is waving. Linda tells John that bill sees rose and every young girl, but that she doesn't see Rose and Jona. all back at the school, cat tells rose that her parents are not coming at dinner. cat begins vomiting, and when a chaperone tries to comfort her, she lashes out. when mr. Gordon, the head teacher, arrives at the house, he's accompanied by a police officer, the same officer that we saw in John's flashback earlier on. upon entering the house, mr. Gordon grasps his face in horror. in a flashback, cat has seen answering a payphone, and hears the gravelly voice on the other end, which she calls dad, tells her that a parent's oncoming and to kill everyone. late, a cat has seen stabbing the two chaperones to death. well, it's one of the victims. crawls along the floor, mortally wounded. cat casually walks upstairs, returns with two pillowcases, then finishes the job. Rose goes to the bathroom and gets a period. sighing in relief, she hears someone into the bathroom, but then leave. when she goes to the dormitory stairwell, she sees two bloody heads wrapped in pillowcases. and hurries back to the hall. cat appears and stabs Rose to death before decapitating her. the police officer finds cat in the boiler room, kneeling in front of the lip boiler and surrounded by the heads of the three victims. cat stands up and weirdly goes, and when she failed to drop the night, she gets shot. Joan is in the car with Bill and Linda. Linda reveals to Joan that Rose was brutally murdered nine years earlier and decapitated. Joan say she's going to be sick, and bill calls over. Joan then leans forward, slashes Bill's throat and stabs Linda to death. she cuts off their heads and puts them in a suitcase, which she carries at the boarding school, which is now boarded up. father bream visits cat in the psychic ward and performs an exorcism. cat seems to see a shadow, demonic figure. she asks it to stay with her, but it disappears. Joan, who is now revealed to be an older cat, and as the boiler room with a suitcase, only to find the room dark and cold. she exits school and looks back as she begins to sob, hit with the realization of what she's done. there's a lot to take in here, and there's certainly no clear answer. whilst the film centers around demonic possession, I personally think it might be a metaphor for how the Catholic Church operates towards young girls. Rose, when worried that she's pregnant, states she might have an abortion, and the two chaperones that are killed are rumored to be devil worshippers. obviously, the Catholic Church doesn't agree with any of those things, so I think the demon might be a manifestation of all the bad will that Catholics have towards doing these sort of things. there's also similarities to the Slenderman murders that recently happened, in the fact that there's a girl who's very clearly manipulated by a malevolent force. so I'm kind of sure that the producers and writers took inspiration from that. I've also seen theories that the film is meant to be a sequel of Donnie Darko. they both contain demonic, bunny geared villains that will the protagonist to do things. and I can sort of see this. both the characters seem to go along with devilish plots without really resisting them. and there are certainly some similarities there. I don't know for sure though, and the film is very hard to analyze, especially after just one view it. I'd love to hear your theories on it. I'm sure you've probably got better one to mean. so comment below and let me know. or do you agree with what I said? who knows. if you want to see more film, game, TV reviews by me, then make sure you head over a definition car at UK, like and subscribe my channel. Cheers. 