Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain an apocalyptic, drama, sci-fi, and thriller film called "Right at Your Door." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. On a typical Monday morning in Los Angeles, an unemployed musician named Brad prepares coffee for his wife, Lexi, and wakes her up to get her ready for work. Before Lexi leaves the house, he warns her that there's heavy traffic on route 101, so he advises her to take the side streets. As Brad brushes his teeth to start his day, he hears some troubling news about multiple explosions across the city. As he learns more about the incident, he begins to worry about his wife, so he tries calling Lexi on her cellphone. After failing to connect to a line, he decides to go out and see what's happening on the streets. Although their street appears to be quiet, he hears sirens blaring not far from their house. He immediately runs back home when he hears the phone ringing. When he answers the call, his friend Steve asks him if Lexi is in downtown, which has been affected by the blasts. He hangs up to call Lexi again, but he still couldn't contact her. While trying to get reception on the T.V., he hears the reporter on the radio mention plumes of smoke rising from the downtown skyline, so he goes out to take a look. By that time, a red alert has been issued throughout the city. Brad leaves Lexi a message, telling her that he's going downtown to fetch her. He asks her to give him a call to let him know what route she's taking when she heads back home. Brad tries heading downtown while listening to the radio in his car. The reporter advises people not to enter any disaster zones because the streets need to be open for rescue vehicles. A field reporter describes the chaotic scene on the streets, noting that people are screaming as they run around trying to find their way out of the disaster zones. Brad sees another car being blocked by the police, so he backs away and tries to find another route. As he tries to avoid another vehicle, he accidentally drives into the curb, blowing one of his front tires. He goes to a hardware store and asks if they have a tire patch, but the clerk tells him that the store will close soon because the news advises everyone to get off the streets. He gets out of the store empty-handed, but when he hears the news about toxic chemicals spreading through the air, he goes back to buy a few rolls of duct tape. The store closes as soon as he leaves. As Brad goes on his way, he witnesses the police stopping a car, saying the occupant needs to be quarantined due to contamination. A police officer approaches Brad advising him to leave his window up. When the officer tells Brad to go home, he explains that he needs to fetch his wife downtown. However, the cop tells Brad that all the streets heading downtown have been shut. The police officer warns him that the smoke is moving in their direction and the ashes are poisonous. Not long after, the driver of the other car gets out and tries to leave on foot, but the police shoot him. Brad decides to drive back, fearing that the cops will also shoot him if he insists on driving downtown. On his way back, he sees a child watching the smoke rising to the sky. Brad gets out of the car and tells the kid to go home, warning him that something terrible has happened. When he arrives home, he tries the phone again, but he still can't get an open line. A man suddenly barges into the house, begging Brad to let him stay there. The man, named Alvaro, explains that he works next door but his boss is not home. Alvaro can't go home because there are no more buses on the road and he has no car of his own. Alvaro turns on the radio while Brad tries to contact his wife again. He tunes into a Spanish radio station and tells Brad that they should seal the house. Brad hesitates, knowing that Lexi is still out there. He tells Alvaro that they're not going to do anything until Lexi gets home. After some time, Brad decides to seal the house after not hearing anything from Lexi. Alvaro helps him move the furniture and seal the doors and windows with duct tape and plastic. Meanwhile, riots have started to break out across the city as the people try to leave the quarantine area. Brad takes some blankets and bottles of water outside the house for Lexi if she comes back. As the ashes start to fall in their area, Alvaro tells Brad that his wife is probably safe. The news announces that authorities will distribute antibiotics to houses within the disaster zones soon. The report further advises people to avoid contact with anyone who was near the explosions. Soon, Brad receives a call from Lexi's mother, Mrs. Fontana, to ask them if they're doing alright. Brad tells her that they're okay and they've sealed the house. When Mrs. Fontana asks to speak to Lexi, Brad hangs up to avoid explaining that her daughter is still out there. Brad tells Alvaro that he regrets not going out there for his wife. Alvaro, however, asserts that Brad probably would've been killed if he went out. Brad breaks down and cries, not knowing if Lexi is safe. In Downtown L.A., Lexi had managed to survive the explosions, but she appears to be affected by the toxic ash. After a few hours, Brad hears Lexi calling for him outside the house. She asks him to open the door, but Brad hesitates, with tears flowing from his eyes. Lexi explains that the blast was about half a block from her car. She discloses that she's already having a hard time breathing. Brad assures her that he'll get her to a hospital, but he still won't open the door. Lexi starts begging Brad to let her in, but he explains that he can't open it because she's contaminated with toxic chemicals. He points out that the news advised people who were in the red zones at the time of the blast to undergo quarantine. Brad assures Lexi that she won't stay outside for long. He tells Lexi to go to the back of the house, so she walks over there and sees the blankets and water bottles that Brad prepared for her. She starts to wonder if Brad had planned on locking her out of her own home. Brad then reluctantly tells her that the neighbor's handyman is inside the house with him. Lexi is furious to hear that Brad won't let her in, but he allowed a stranger to stay. As Lexi cries in despair, Brad tells her to calm down and wait for more information. He assures Lexi that he'll stay with her right behind the door. Meanwhile, the news reveals that the toxic chemicals also contain an unknown viral strain that is very lethal to humans. Later that night, Brad explains that he left the door open and waited for Lexi as long as he could. When he decided to seal the house, he hoped that Lexi was safe somewhere. The news soon announces that those who were in the affected areas should remain quarantined for several days. Lexi gets impatient and breaks the door with her cellphone. Brad quickly covers the hole with a blanket and cuts his arm on the glass. Lexi keeps trying to break in by throwing a chair at the door. Alvaro runs over and helps Brad reseal the door. He then claims that the radio announced that a medical team would stop by the neighborhood in the morning. Lexi asks Brad if he wants to go on without her, but Brad assures Lexi that he loves her and will get some help for her. Brad tries calling 911, but an automated message tells him that the system is experiencing a high volume of calls. Meanwhile, Alvaro tries calling his wife, but no one answers. When Lexi's phone rings, Brad looks at the caller and finds out that it's her mother. He discloses that her mother also called earlier, but he hung up on her after telling her they're okay. Brad goes to the bathroom and washes his wound with bleach, but he feels unsatisfied, so he decides to pour the whole bottle all over his body. The following day, Brad starts worrying when he doesn't see Lexi outside as sirens blare on the streets. Not far from the house, Lexi sees the police detaining people, so she hides from them. When she sees the cops load the person into the back of a van, she runs back to the house. Brad tells her not to let the cops see her because he witnessed them shooting someone when he went out to get her. Lexi is somewhat pleased to hear that Brad tried to fetch her. When she asks when the doctors would arrive in the neighborhood, Brad tells him that Alvaro had lied to keep them both calm. Lexi asks Brad for her phone, so Brad goes back inside to seal the doors to the bedroom. When he's done, he tells Lexi to go inside. Brad reveals that he was able to contact the hotline, but they didn't tell him anything useful. Lexi senses that Brad isn't telling her everything, so she speculates that the authorities must've told him some bad news. Brad tells her that they should just talk, adding that nobody is sure about what's happening. Lexi, however, loses hope and breaks down crying. When Lexi receives a call from her mother again, she tells her mom that she's not feeling well because she was near the explosions. Mrs. Fontana urges her in a panicked voice to get some help at a hospital, but Lexi points out that she can't go anywhere because the police are arresting everyone outside. As Mrs. Fontana continues to press her to find help, Lexi gets frustrated and tells her that she's stressing her out. Lexi is suddenly distracted from the call when someone outside activates the car alarm. When she sees that it's a child, Lexi hangs up and tells the kid to come over. Lexi takes the child named Timmy into the bedroom and gives him some water. When the landline starts ringing, Brad refuses to answer, saying he doesn't want to keep telling people that everything's fine while they're going through a catastrophe. He advises Alvaro to leave the house if he has any problem with what he's doing. Lexi tells Brad that she wants to give Timmy a bath to wash off the ashes on his body. Brad reveals that he also saw Timmy on the street the previous day, and he told him to go home. When Timmy asks why he can't go inside, Brad explains that they're trying to keep the dust out of the house. Timmy discloses that he wasn't able to go home because he got scared of the bomb. When Brad goes to the kitchen, Alvaro notifies him that he's leaving the house. Brad tells him that he didn't mean what he said earlier, but Alvaro says he needs to be with his wife. Alvaro has managed to contact his cousin, but his cousin hasn't heard from Alvaro's wife. Brad suggests calling his neighbor to find out if his wife is there. Alvaro advises Brad to stay with Lexi and let her know that she's not alone. He tells Brad that he'll exit the house through the office, so Brad must seal the door to the hallway. Alvaro asserts that he never should've entered the house, but Brad points out that he wouldn't have been able to seal up the house in time if Alvaro wasn't there. After sealing the door, Brad knocks to let Alvaro know that he can leave. Brad watches Alvaro as he goes on his way. Later on, Brad seals up the hallway to the bathroom so Lexi and Timmy could take a bath. Brad has started to feel disdainful of the authorities handling the catastrophe. He sarcastically tells Lexi that the authorities called earlier to tell them that the water is free from toxins and boys like Timmy are immune from the chemicals. He quips that everyone is immune to the toxins, and the disaster is just a big public service announcement. While getting ready to go to bed, Lexi hears a noise outside the house. Brad gets a flashlight and sees a man in the backyard, so he tells Lexi to get away from the back of the house. Lexi takes Timmy to the bathroom and goes back to see what's happening. Soon, the man outside starts knocking at the window and calls out to Lexi. She realizes that it's her friend Rick, so she opens the window. Rick tells Lexi that he will find the children's hospital where the authorities are setting up an airlock. He invites Lexi to go with him, but she points out that the authorities will soon distribute antibiotics in the area. Rick is skeptical that help will arrive in the neighborhood, so he points out that there's a Navy medical ship docking off San Pedro. Lexi tells Brad about the ship, but he urges her not to go near Rick because he could be in a worse condition than her. Lexi points out that she's dying too, so she goes back to talk to Rick, who tells her that they only need to get on the right side of the barricades at the hospital to get treatment. When Lexi returns to Brad, he apologizes to her, saying he should be the one taking her to the hospital. Lexi tells him that she'll also take Timmy along with her, noting that it's their only chance to survive. She promises Brad that she'll come back to him after getting treatment. That night, several soldiers arrive at the house trying to find out if Brad is contaminated. The man identifying himself as Corporal Marshall asks Brad to stay inside the house until he goes through a pre-screening process. When Brad asks if they have any medicine, the corporal tells him they're just gathering data at the moment. When they learn that Lexi broke a window, they ask Brad to gather a toxin sample that got inside the house. After giving them the sample, the corporal urges him to keep his house sealed. He advises Brad to avoid close contact with his wife if she returns. They put a red tag on the house but don't explain to Brad what it means. When they inspect the bedroom, Brad repeatedly tells them to get out of the house since they're not providing him with any medicine. Later, Lexi comes back to the house and tells Brad that the authorities took all the children in the crowd, including Timmy, and gave them medicine. However, the police took Rick and shoved him into a van along with four other people, so she started running. Brad tells Lexi that soldiers stopped by the house earlier. Lexi is alarmed upon seeing the red tag on their house, surmising that it's probably a bad sign. Lexi goes to the back of the house and recounts the chaotic scene at the hospital. She doesn't think that anyone is still coming to give them medicine because the hospitals appear to be overwhelmed. When Lexi hears a loud thud in the backyard, she investigates with a flashlight and finds out that birds are falling from the sky. Lexi is unable to sleep, so she starts listening to her voice messages to pass the time. When she hears a message from her brother Jason, she decides to give him a call. Jason asks her if she went to get help, but Lexi insists that there's nothing she can do anymore. She tells him that she called because she just wants to talk. Jason calms down and starts talking about their old house. Soon, Lexi starts feeling unwell, so she tells Jason that she loves him and hangs up. The following day, Brad tells Lexi that she did something amazing by saving Timmy. She starts apologizing to Brad, saying their fights in the past few days seem stupid considering their current situation. As they run out of things to talk about, she suddenly tells Brad that she had some doubts about getting married. Brad, on the other hand, never once had any doubts about her. Brad suggests talking about the children they never had, but Lexi hints that she's glad they didn't have kids because they probably wouldn't be able to raise them right. Brad surmises that they'll end up on a talk show to explain how they managed to survive. He will also have to confess how much he loves Lexi and how she makes his life complete. When Brad sees Lexi spitting out blood, he apologizes, but Lexi tells him it's not anyone's fault. Suddenly, two soldiers arrive at the back of the house and take Lexi away. As Brad yells at them, a soldier brandishing a gun tells him to stay put. A few minutes later, the soldier informs him that his wife is safe and he did the right thing to keep her sealed outside. The soldier reveals that the level of toxicity in the house has become irreversible, and it has become a breeding ground for the poison. The soldier further notifies him that he has become a lethal carrier and there's nothing they can do. The soldier tells him not to struggle as they begin boarding up the entire house. As Brad calls out to them to ask more questions, they drill a hole through the door and inserts a pipe. Not long, the pipe starts expelling an unknown gas, causing Brad to cough profusely. Brad tries unlocking the doors, yelling that he's still in the house, but the soldiers keep boarding up the doors and windows with plywood. Brad manages to break through the plywood at the door, but he finds out that the house is already covered with a fumigation tent. He repeatedly tells them that he's still alive, but they ignore him and continue securing the tent. Lexi tries to break free from the soldiers to help Brad, but they hold her back and bring her to a van. As Brad struggles to get out of the tent, a soldier hits him with the butt of his firearm to knock him down. Brad soon stops struggling as he takes his last few breaths. Moments later, a nurse tells Lexi that there's nothing they could've done for Brad because the virus inside the house has grown out of control. Lexi stares into space in shock from what happened to her husband. The nurse advises Lexi to pray, saying she still might survive. 