welcome to falcon and the winter soldier. episode one, cram in tunisian airspace. sam wilson is working for the u.s air force as the falcon to intercept a criminal organization known as laf that's kidnapping a military liaison called captain versant. and it turns out the laf is run by betroth, the french algerian mercenary from the days of captain america. and the winter soldier, falcon flies in for some close quarters combat, making use of his armored wings and jet pack fighting techniques. but batroc and his goons turn for kidnapping into an extreme sports event by putting on wingsuits and gliding through canyon terrain with helicopter gunship support. the falcon, however, has claws of his own, deploying the drone, red wing and other explosives on the mercenaries in order to take the fight back to them, giving us lots of high-speed action. while sam makes use of the suit's agility, he saves versant before they cross into libyan airspace, managing to make batok look very silly. so he chills out with first lieutenant torres, who's there to provide intel during his operations. it's been six months since the unsnapping of avengers endgame, and there's all sorts of crazy theories over what really happened to captain america. but the thing is, he's passed the shield and its responsibilities over to sam, who, despite being an excellent soldier, does not feel right about taking up the mantle. he hangs up the shield instead to honor steve's memory. but rodie, the war machine, reminds him that the world is still recovering and needs heroes to look up to, something to think on. meanwhile, we take a look back to find bucky barnes is reliving a lot of his past hydra assassinations in his nightmares, coming to terms with the damage he's done. he has to attend counselling meetings, as well as using his memories to help uncover some of the former hydra pawns that are still out there being [ __ ]. and he also makes amends with them, letting them know he's no longer a killer, much like the final steps of a drug addict recovery program. for some reason, his only friend is a japanese grandpa who sets him up on a date with a cute waitress, but he grieves for death of his son, who is killed long ago when working abroad. so the next night, the young lady gets to know the 106 year old who's a little out of touch. they discuss family, like bucky's sister, over some beer, and she mentions how cute it is that he's hanging out with yori, who never got any closure over his loss. and it turns out he's yet another name on bucky's list of amends, being the one who killed his son, who was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time. but it's still too much for him to admit. meanwhile, lieutenant torres joins a meet-up in switzerland he heard about on the dark web where a group of activists run diversion for a terrorist group called for flag smashers, who've just robbed a bank, led by an unusually strong masked villain, something that sam seems keen to keep an eye on. also, sam's sister, sarah, wants to sell their parents failing shrimp boat business because she's falling into debt and doesn't want his help. plus, the bank won't give them an fda loan because, as far as they're concerned being turned to ash for five years looks just the same as having no income. so the home life is kind of tough, and they have some stuff to work through. but that's put on hold because the department of defense has made the tasteless and disrespectful, committee thinking decision to hand the shield over to a brand new captain, america. oh my god. so thanks a lot for watching. i will be cramming the whole season once it's done, but thought you might like some weekly catch-ups along the way. hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on more, and i'll see you next time. take care. 