welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and you now locked into the channel where we break down all the latest movies, new game releases, TV shows and comic books. with the release of Star Wars, the Mandalorian on Disney. Plus, it's time to go back to a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, with our new series that we'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the show. throughout this episode, we'll be discussing the first entries, overall plot, the Easter eggs and its cliffhanger ending to let you know what could be happening in the future. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the premiere yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into a breakdown of the Mandalorian. okay, so the first thing that you need to know about the Mandalorian is that it's set five years after the events of Return of the Jedi. the story on the surface is pretty straightforward, with the Mandalorian, a played by Pedro Pascal being tasked with tracking down a mysterious bounty that we eventually come face-to-face with in the climax of the episode. the contract has been taken out by a character known simply as the client, played by Werner Herzog, who seems to want the asset terminated. dulles comes into conflict as the episode draws to a close. we open with the Mandalorian on a snow planet that has many similar scanners to Tatooine, and it also has one of the scummiest places in the galaxy, a bar that we see our titular character taking a target from. it's a great reprise on the original bar scene in a new hope, with two characters kind of ganging up on our protagonist. but unlike Luke, the Mandalorian isn't here to apologize, and he kills both the villains, trapping one in a door as it's closing. there. really should put safety mechanisms on them. it seems like a pretty bad design flaw. anyway, there's also a return of what could be the spy from a new hope that snitched on Luke and obi-wan. and I took this as the same character as in that film, as they're both clearly connected to the underworld, and the characters have a lot of similarities. now from the off, this series instantly recaptures the atmosphere of Star Wars. and whether you love or hate what Disney have done to the franchise as a whole, you can't deny that they know that look of the original films. with this opening entry, this really knocks it out of the park and reminds us from the beginning of just how dangerous these planets can be. the introduction really keeps up the pace. and watching the mandalorian having to electrify a creature that has attached itself to his ship is an awesome way for the series to get its hooks into you. we learn early on that Mandalorians never take their helmets off, and apparently this will be true for the entire series. with Pascal not showing his face once in the season. I guess Jango Fett just liked the feel of Kamino on his face, because he seems to have dropped that. but it also imbues the series with a sense of solidarity and gives our character a real mystique to him that feels akin to dread and Master Chief from Halo. in the basement of the Mandalorian ship, we discover that he has a Carbonite processing unit that he uses to transfer cargo. and I'm guessing Bespin must have mass-produced this, because I'm sure it was mainly used for moving minerals and not for people. but hey, it's a nice callback. man. oh goes to meet his handler, played by Carl Weathers, who assigns him the task to hunt down an asset for the client. it appears that, after the collapse of the Empire, fuel credits and so on are in short supply, so when the handler offers him this high-paying job, naturally, he takes it. we see a return of the door scanners that were in Return of the Jedi, and the same species as salacious Chrome, which is being used as a food source. the Mandalorian also comes face to face with stormtroopers possessing dilapidated armor. it looks like they become mercenaries now in the wake of the Empire's destruction, and are working freelance due to their state and fact that their clothes are in disrepair. now we don't learn too much about the asset and exactly why it is. but I'll give my thoughts and it later as we get further into the recap. anyway, the client seems to be okay with the target being terminated, whereas dr. Pershing his ally, who wishes to have it brought in alive. it seems like he wishes to study here. and this could be because of its unity with the force, but I'll get into all that later. our protagonist isn't the only Mandalorian in the episode either. and we witness a blacksmith with their symbol above their door in this scene. as also, lip service paid to the Mandalorian purge. though we don't have all the ins and outs of this, it's clear that our hero lived through it. and the purge was a devastating war that vastly reduced the Mandalorians numbers. it involved the zone T who, at one point we're allies with the tribe, turning on them and killing them, wiping out warriors, families, children and more. it looks like our boy was hidden during this, and this is how he survived it. after leveling up, he sets off to the planet where the asset is held, and runs across someone who says that many people over the years have set off in search of this bounty, but all have failed. this kind of hammers home how dangerous the asset is, and over the last 50 years, it has provided a lot of difficulty for those that have set out to get it. we do learn that the locals of the planet just want the bounty gone, to stop bringing in the hunters and mercenaries to the area. and we discovered that this is why our guide has decided to help the mandalorian. after falling off the horse pretty literally, mano decides to get back on it, and upon arriving at the compound, finds a bounty hunter droid named IG 11, played by Tyco with tte. IG 11 is a clear play on ig-88, the bounty hunter from the Empire Strikes Back. he was defeated in shadows of the Empire by dash Rendar, but it's great to see something similar to him popping up here. similar to the Mandalorian, IG 11 has to been commissioned to retrieve the asset. he's probably the standout character of the episode. and whilst he's not as funny as Korg, it's awesome seeing him blast people and work together with mando. Star Wars was always good at putting together sidekicks. and though his appearance is very short-lived, he definitely steals the scenes that he's in. watching him constantly go in to initiate self-destruct mode has a hilarious undertone to it, but it also showcases just how good the Mandalorian is when he's under pressure. together, they managed to make it past the guards and get to the asset, which is revealed to be a baby that is the same species as Yoda. and yet, all though it's 50 years old, as we know from Yoda, who lived to be 900, this species ages a lot slower than most of the creatures in Star Wars do. IG 11 goes to kill it because his orders have been terminated, but mando shoots the Android before he can. now this makes me think that IG 11 was commissioned by someone other than the client and dr. Pershing, who didn't really put mando and a completely strict orders to kill it, though there were undertones that the client didn't care either way. the Mandalorian stands over the baby and reaches out his finger, which is when we cut two credits and the episode. so I actually have a theory that everyone who has tried to take the asset so far, over the last 50 years, has tried to terminate it, and this is why it has left a wave of bodies in its wake. as the mandalorian does not, he does not fall victim to the same fate that his predecessors did, and therefore is okay in the end, especially since he demonstrated that he is there to protect it. though we don't get any confirmation of this due to things that have been hinted at in this series thus far, I think we can assume that the creature is force sensitive, and therefore, at this time in the galaxy, something that, if trained properly, could become a powerful weapon. to me, this is why so many people have been after it, and why dr. Pershing wishes to study it. as for Yoda species, George Lucas has never actually given them a name, and nowhere in the Canon do we get confirmation and what they're really called. this was because Lucas wanted to keep it all a mystery. and the only other version of this creature that we've seen is yellow in the prequels. and we still don't know whether homeworld is and so on. this makes it difficult to discern exactly what's going on. but saying as the only other time we've seen these creatures, they've both been Jedi's, there is potential here that the story of the show could be traveling the same route. now I may be completely wrong, but it's the only thing I can really assume at this point in the story. from the age of the creature going forward. off the episode synopsis for the next two shows, we know that the Mandalorian next time runs into trouble with people trying to take the acid from him. so once more, we can take from this that it is a very valuable target. for episode three, the Mandalorian is said to make it back to the client, and hopefully from dr. Pershing, we will get a bit more clarity on exactly what's going on. now as for the episode itself, I actually really enjoyed it. and the high production values and engaging plot narrative really start the Disney Plus platform off with a bang. there is very little, if anything to really fault here. and most of the criticisms that I've seen lobbied at the show is that the main character doesn't remove his mask, which therefore makes him difficult to relate to. but I kind of disagree with this. boba fett always had an air of mystery to him, and that is one of the things that made him so engaging. and no doubt, this show is following a similar aesthetic for the exact same reasons. I am already hooked on this show. and this is one back a lot of the goodwill for Star Wars in me making a really top-notch first episode that, as far as Premier's go, really stands out as one of the best. the Mandalorian is awesome. and if you're unsure about whether to join Disney plus or not, and this is a strong indicator of why it's a good idea to sign up. I really can't fault the show. and it was an amazing 40 minutes that I'm desperate to see more of. the Mandalorian episode one was great, and that's why he gets a 9 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the Mandalorian episode one, as well as what your theories for the future are. make sure you leave them in the comment section below, because I'd love to read them. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you stay locked to the channel for breakdowns of every episode as they're released. if you want to watch us discuss more TV shows in depth, then don't forget to check out our breakdown of the new HBO series Watchmen, which be linked at the end. we go over everything you need to know about the show. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to come chat to me after the video that, make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, then that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3, part 1 box set on blu-ray, which contains Civil War, Doctor, Strange homecoming, Ragnarok and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the mandalorian in the comment section below the winners gonna be chosen on the 15th and November, and the set will be shipped out from the intro. ever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 