so I think there's a big question when it comes to film discussions, and that is, which WWE star transition better? I'm always say the rock, since the home we made the gameplan. but in second place, in second place, I put John Cena, and then probably the Undertaker for the win. this that long. well, John Cena's got a movie name blockers, about girls having their own version of super bad, and the parents trying to stop them. and I think, I personally think it's a solid run too. I would never watch with my daughter. let me explain. so if you're here to find out which one of the girls did it, you dirty Lola. it's the blonde chick. the blonde shakes, literally, the only one who does it. her backstory is that her mom pulled in almost famous and had to raise her by herself. so she kind of wants to avoid her daughter doing the same thing and, you know, ending up as one of the groupies. and it turns out that she's the only one in the group who does do it. well, her mom watches, but at least the guy who she does it with is going to college. John Cena's girl is, well, John Cena's girl, so she knows how to hit him with the attitude adjustment, and she can defend herself. but she ends up not doing anything with man-bun hipster guy over here. but Johnny boy does take a beer up the butt for her, and he ends up going to meet the guy and hits him with the fu. and I'll just say that, while he is funny in the movie, he ain't the best comedian like my man right here. and I said this before, my brother has said this before, the best dramatic moments can come from comedians. and so the see where he's connecting with his daughter, they're seeing what she's disclosing her sexuality to him, and he can finally be there for her, is better than Michael stahlberg's scene. and call me, but I'm just kidding it, it's not. it is better than Jennifer Garner's scene where she treats her sound like a dog. though, since it's a comedy, you kind of got to hear the whole joke in order to really get the punchline. so there's not much of an explain that I can do for the rest of it, but there are a bunch of things that I felt were like, kind of done halfway, or rewritten. there's a scene where they have like, Co sex, when they sneak into a house, and there's a couple there who's naked. and when they sneak into their house and they're like canoodling with them, it just cuts to the next scene. there's a girl who I swear was cast for fantastic beasts and where to find them, but got put in this one instead. and I honestly believe the Hannibal Buress didn't get enough scenes. overall, I think there's some good jokes in the movie there. there is a handful of cringe in there, and it's just a reminder that girls can be horny too, and the confirmation, without a doubt, that the rock is still the better you actor. thank you, guys for checking out this movie. I'm curious to know your thoughts. let me know, if you saw this movie, what your favorite joke is down below in the comment section. let me know your thoughts about this. don't forget to come and like and subscribe, and I'll, I don't know, send you a chicken 