[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna embrace the male gaze with the sleazy, yellow classic tour. so let's get to it. the movie gets right down to business, opening on a sensual photoshoot with dolls. and lets us know upfront were in for blurry lovemaking. we then hard transition into a college lecture on the merits of the art of para genome. after class, a small grumble of students approach the professor to critique his critique, setting the cultural bar fairly high for this type of movie. goo'bye. stefano offers to take Danny home, but she's leaving with Jake, so he wanders off heartbroken. we discovered through her subsequent conversation that they have a history, and he's remained creepily devoted to her, despite being continuously rebuffed. later, under the bridge downtown, we find two coeds who just can't get enough. they're being spied upon by an expert-level cat-and-mouse creeper. he's discovered, but only in the context of his plan. because when Shawn runs off to find him, the stalker is able to circle back, cutting the lights, strangling her, and then splitting her from stem discern. the next morning, were treated to a variety of creepster activity, making everyone as suspect in our minds. Carol takes it as good fun, until she's shown an article about her slain friend. she runs off crying, despite the fact that the article is gibberish. we then hop over to Jane and the professor having a good flirt session, successfully sealed with a handshake, before parting ways. that evening, Stefano tries to get Danny out of his system by trolling for some high-class hookers. unfortunately, he gets the flop sweats and some performance anxiety, resulting in a brief but violent outburst. the next morning, we see Roberto creeping around again, carefully watching as Carol hoists herself onto the back of his hog and then rides off. she and her gentlemen collars find themselves at a hippie lovin of some sort. they smoke a joint and then begin a lethargic three-way until she decides she's not interested in wanders off. it is a nice day for a barefoot swamp walk. she stops short, however, when she sees a shrouded figure in the distance. she gets disoriented in the fog, and he manages to catch up with her. Carol only makes a marginal effort to escape and gets mutilated as a result. the next day, the police addressed the class to show off how good they are at evidence, and asked if anyone could tell them who did it. perhaps everyone looks at everyone else, casting numerous aspersions. that evening, Danny receives a menacing phone call telling her to forget about the scarf previously mentioned in class. unfortunately, now that's all she can think about. on the verge of a nervous breakdown, her skeevy uncle Nino recommends a vacation in the country with friends to get her mind off things. the next day, on her way home, Danny is confronted by Stefano in an alarming fashion. he professes his desire to own her at any cost, and she has a recollection of him wearing the scarf. she breaks free and he runs off to avoid further attention. she then calls Jane over as her most trusted confidant, rather than the police. and pervy uncle Nino earns his nickname. the next day, the Gauss head to the country while Jane goes to talk to Stefano rather than calling the police. his door is ajar and his apartment is only mildly perverted. but he's not there. the landlady jumps in to confirm he hasn't been around lately, which makes me suspicious. Roberto reveals his presence on the train. in town, the ladies demonstrate their ability to attract the attention of farmers and tradesmen alike. they hang around a bit, and Jane eventually shows up and confirms Stefano didn't do it, although it's not clear why she thinks this. Danny then convinces herself the scarves were indeed different, although I don't really see it. back in town, we establish how much the menfolk enjoy casually discussing how moist their loins become at the thought of sexually assaulting the cosmopolitan ladies. I mean, after all, they use lotion and everything. back at the Villa, we see a creepy gloved hand grasping the window bars as the ladies grasp each other, and the Cobblers here as well. he runs back to town and patiently waits in his workshop for the killer to come. and slowly murder him. what a good sport. the next morning, Jane gets overstimulated and takes a tumble injuring her leg, and revealing Roberto as the town doctor. there's no major damage, so he provides some narcotics and recommends a follow-up appointment. later on, the girls are bathing at the grotto, and Stefano totally gets busted. people, nothing. I'm just a tree. but he disappears, successfully putting on a masterclass for shy perverts. that evening, Jane doses up on painkillers with a champagne chaser, and passes out. the girls are relaxing when they hear a knock on the door, and, surprise, it's a dead Stefano delivery. the next morning, Jane wakes up in the Nightmare Realm, but is unaware. she calls out for breakfast, but receives no response. she hobbles downstairs to find evidence of shenanigans afoot, which is quickly confirmed. those are definitely shenanigans. when the killer returns, she has no choice but to hide nearby and watch in terror as the sicko disassembles her casual acquaintances. he completes his work and carries off his lady parts in a burlap sack. Jane takes this opportunity to check the phone, which is dead. this results in an excess of mouth noises. now in a panic, she closes herself in her room and quickly works to make it appear unoccupied. she attempts to attract attention, to no avail. but we do come to find that Roberto is wondering about that follow-up. Jane accidentally bumps a chair, attracting attention, but she manages to hide. he only finds a room with turndown service and a loud shutter. the killer leaves and locks the door from the outside, trapping her while he finishes his dark business. it takes all day, and he hits the lights on his way out. unfortunately for Jane, the neighborhood horn dogs are back at loudly exclaiming their lustful desires for the four young girls at the villa, enumerated in terms of their womanly parts, and in front of mixed company. meanwhile, Roberto gets word that no one has been up or down from the villa, and he gets a bug up his ass. about him at the house. Jane is a very clever method for escaping her prison, using a newspaper to acquire the room team with some help, she's immediately choked, only to learn the killer was her doll obsessed professor. the whole time, he's shocked to see her, because he doesn't view her as a mere meat doll like the others. so he emotes about their filthiness and the trauma that led him to this point, as if we care. I mean, go fly a kite, bro, but since death is the best keeper, he tries to put in work with Jane, only to be thwarted by Roberto. they have a classic 70s scuffle in the barn, and it spills out to the nearby cliff face, eventually sending professor Franz over the edge, and ends happily ever after with some sort of moral, but I don't know what, because I didn't have the subtitles on Coursera sutured a video screen to welcome okichi, request say no me [ __ ] chromatic Picasso a good distribute order. and that was torso, a 1973 hollow film that, for all its craziness, had some stunning visuals and a third act that was way better than expectations. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 