after their plane crashes in alaska, six oil workers are led by a skilled huntsman to survival, but a pack of merciless wolves haunts their every step. in today's video, we'll be recapping a film called the gray enjoy this video. [Music]. john otway works in alaska, killing the wolves that threaten an oil drilling team. we see a scene of him shooting a wolf and then watching with his hand on it, almost as though he's sorry for it, as it breaths more and more slowly, and finally dies. on his last day on the job, otway writes a letter to his wife, anna, who has left him, that he plans to commit suicide. he goes out that night and holds the barrel of the winchester model 70 to his mouth. when he is about to pull the trigger, he hears the howl of a wolf far away, which stops him. he goes back inside and joins the others. that same night, the team in otway head home on a plane. he meets one of the drilling team members, todd flannery. otway then takes a nap, and the plane takes off. they experience quite a bit of turbulence during the flight. but it eventually settles. later on, while dreaming of his wife, otway is awoken by a loud thudding sound and is met by extremely cold temperature. he looks out the window and sees the wing on fire. he secures himself with the seat belts of his in the adjacent seat. the roof is ripped off the plane, and then it crashes in the blizzard. otway then sees a vision of his wife, but awakens to find one of the team lewindon, mortally wounded. ottway calms him, letting him know that he is going to die, and then lewinden dies peacefully. otway sets the survivors to task collecting material for a fire. he sees a woman in need of help, but finds her being eaten by a gray wolf, who also attacks him. he is rescued by the others and explains that they are most likely in the wolves territory. after starting a fire, the survivors take turns keeping watch. while urinating, hernandez is killed by two wolves. the remaining survivors find his body in the morning. and otway suggests that they leave the crash site because they are wide open to attack. before they leave, atway and the others remove the wallets from many of the bodies with the intention of returning them to surviving family members. hendrick says a prayer and thanks god for allowing them to survive the crash. and then the survivors leave the crash site. while hiking across the snow, flannery falls behind and is killed by three wolves. the remaining survivors continue on. nightfall soon arrives, and it's noticeably more difficult for the group to trek the snow. diaz spots something in the distance moving quickly towards them. they realize that it is a pack of wolves that is chasing after them. they run towards the nearby trees to take cover quickly. they collect some small branches and use a lighter to make a fire. while the wolves can be heard violently rustling and howling in the surrounding trees. they make camp in the woods and set up small perimeter fires around them. otway tells them that they will need to fight, so they sharpen some branches to make spears. diaz begins to question and defy otway's plans. tension soon arises between the both of them. diaz threatens otway with his knife, but is disarmed by otway. the survivors then meet the alpha wolf who has been watching them. it then returns to the trees and sends an omega to test diaz. however, the survivors are able to kill the wolf and eat it. diaz then severs its head and throws it back as a symbol of defiance. the wolves begin howling all throughout the trees. the group then travel further and eventually stop to build a campfire and get some rest for the night. they start a conversation. diaz tells the group how the men who died aren't in heaven and that there is no god. talget states that he believes in god, but otway confesses that he is also an atheist, but he wishes that he could believe. burke is really sick. the effects of hypoxia are wearing him down drastically. he awakens and he begins to hallucinate. he calls out for emma, his late sister, who died when he was just a kid. he goes back to sleep. this leads talgat to talk about his daughter, mary, who he misses very much, and wants to get back home to the group then bonds over personal stories. otway talks about his father, who had a love for poetry. he speaks of one poem his father had framed above his desk in his den, an entitled poem only four lines long, and he had only realized when he was older that his father had written it. a blizzard approaches, and they try to preserve the campfire to prevent hypothermia. despite their best efforts, otway finds burke's frozen, lifeless body in the morning. further in their travels, the survivors come to a dead end, a high canyon wall. they can hear water and realize they must be close to a river, which suggests a higher chance of finding shelter. they decide that they will have to find a way across or be eaten by the wolves. they tie some cloth together to create a line, and then tie one into a tree and the other end to hendrick. he jumps to the trees on the other end to secure a line as a means of traverse d as in ottwe make it across the line to join hendrick talget, who is afraid of heights, then makes his way. after everyone else has crossed, he moves slowly and cautiously, and ends up losing his glasses along the way. he looks down and immediately freezes out of fear. he reluctantly continues across, but soon finds his injured hand has begun bleeding, and his leg gets caught up in the makeshift rope. he struggles to untangle himself, but the line breaks and he crashes through the trees and onto the ground. now wounded, he sees a vision of his daughter, and he hears her tell him that she loves him, before he is dragged away by the wolves. otway, hendrick and diaz make their way down the tree to rescue him, but are too late. while climbing down, diaz falls from the tree and injures his knee. the three continue their trek and make it to the river, but an exhausted and hurt diaz can make it no further, preferring to stay and die then go on. hendrick tries to convince diaz to carry on, but diaz says that he's given up. he sees no point in going on, and even if he were to survive, he'd have to continue living a life that he has grown tired of. he gives hendrick his wallet. they give each other their final goodbyes. in otway and hendrick leave diaz on the riverside. as the crackling of branches caused by wolves is heard in the distance. otway and hendrick continue, but are soon chased by wolves. again, fleeing, hendrick falls in the river and he gets his foot stuck between underwater rocks. ottway jumps into the river to attempt to save him, but hendrick drowns in the river, freezing in alone. otway then curses god and asks for his help with no response. otway continues on without his wet coat, but he is eventually dazed from hypothermia taking effect. he then stops and pulls out each wallet collected from the dead, examines the mementos they contain and places them in a pile on the snow, adding his own wallet as well. suddenly, the pack of wolves surrounds him, leading ottway to discover that he has walked right into their den. he is soon spotted by the alpha wolf, while the other pack members back off. otway sees another vision of his wife, which now reveals that she was dying on a hospital bed, and suggests the reason for his earlier attempted suicide. deciding to make a stand, he tapes broken miniature alcohol bottles to his fist and a knife to his other hand. he recites his father's poem aloud to himself. the meaning of the poem is that everyone has to die at some point, but it is what kind of a life someone lived that will determine their outcome. on the inside, though, it reflects a man struggling to keep moving on in life. otway then charges the alpha wolf before the screen goes black. in a post-credits scene, the back of otway's head is seen laying on the side of the presumably dying alpha-wolf's stomach as it breeds more and more, slowly succumbing to its wounds. [Music] 