Superman is arguably the world's most popular comic book character. since his creation in 1933, the superhero icon has went on to influence countless others. and over the decades, he has appeared in all forms of media, from movies to games, television and more. there is, however, a darker side to the character. and throughout this video, I will be discussing all of the real-life tragedies that have surrounded Superman ever since his creation. with that out the way, I'm definition, and this is my breakdown of the Superman curse. Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. whilst Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster are now recognized as the creators of Superman, this wasn't always the case. despite coming up with the concept of a hero and his mild-mannered alter ego, do you oh, sold the rights to the character for a hundred and thirty dollars early on in their careers. because of this, they were enabled to bask in the welfare he garnered. penniless and out of work. due to the court battles that spanned decades, the two lived on the breadline and didn't receive any profit for a long time. practically forced to sign all exclusivity over to DC. they were informed after the initial deal that DC already owned the rights to Superman, and should they disagree, that their contracts would be terminated. fearing for work, they of course signed more paperwork that eventually tangled them in so much red tape it was difficult to escape from. another way that DC screwed over the pair was that they rejected their idea of Superboy comic and then went on to publish them. when the duo was serving in World War two. they also removed their names as creators in all publications until decades later. and even now, have used their lawyers to assure that the families of the two received very little. both sadly passed away in the 90s and never got the Justice that they deserved. George Reeves, grieves, not to be confused with Christopher, played Superman in the 1951 film Superman and the mole men, and went on to perform as him in the ensuing television series, Adventures of Superman. due to typecasting at the time, Reeve struggled to find work upon leaving the role. and because of this, dealt with heavy debt. on June 16th 1959, at days before he was to be married, Reeves was found dead of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound. at the time, the death was ruled as a suicide, but controversy quickly followed due to the fact that Reeves had been having an affair with the wife of an MGM executive, and his fingerprints were never found on the weapon. Superman, the movie. Superman, the movie has by far the most common occurrences of the curse, and there are several that substantiate its existence, such as Lee Quigley, who played Superman as a baby in the 1978 film and died in 1991 at the age of fourteen because of solvent abuse. Marlon Brando, who played jor-el, who is part of the curse for the misfortune that he suffered in his private life. his son, Christian, shot his half-sisters boyfriend and was imprisoned because of this. and Brando himself cite his reclusiveness as being the cause of his daughter's 1995 suicide. Margot Kidder, who played Superman's love interest, had bipolar disorder, and in April 1996, she went missing for several days and was found by police in a paranoid and delusional State. Kenner suffered from alcoholism and found it difficult to gain work after playing the part of the plucky reporter. Christopher Reeve. when you think of Superman, you think of Christopher Reeve. and if you like me, then the actor was an icon of your childhood. however, this was a detriment, and like several of the actors before him, Reeves struggled to find work outside of the part. unfortunately, in 1995, when horse riding, the actor was thrown from his steed and became paralyzed from the neck down. Reeve died on October 10, 2004 of heart failure, which was cited as stemming from his medical condition. though tragic grief, should be commended for the charitable work and awareness that he raised for paralysis. and he definitely became a positive role model for all those who live with a disability. Zack Snyder, known for directing Man of Steel and Batman V Superman. Snyder was part of the Lakers rebuttal zatia of the character on screen. Snyder's work was divisive, but personally, I enjoyed his portrayal of the character and found his work to be stylistically in line with the comic books of the new 52 era. unfortunately, tragedy struck when the creator was working on Justice League. and the director had to depart from reshoots to be with his family after his daughter, autumn, sadly commits suicide. it is unlikely that Snyder will return to work on the DC Universe that he began building, and he has asked for privacy during this heartbreaking period. aliceandmac, the most recent example of the curse. aliceandmac has hit headlines due to her involvement in the cult nexium. Mack is known for her portrayal of Chloe in the Superman centric show Smallville. since leaving the role, Mac struggled to find work, and this saw her being drafted by the cult leader, painted out as a key figure in the sect. Mac was recently arrested by the FBI and charged with sex trafficking, sex trafficking conspiracy and forced labor conspiracy. according to prosecutors. after she recruited women to join the organization, she used tactics such as blackmail to force them into engaging in sexual activity with the cults leader, in which she was allegedly paid. if convicted of all charges, Mac and the cult leader could be imprisoned for a minimum of 15 years. and this is by far the most shocking thing to come from the legacy of the Man of Steel. so what do you think of the curse of Superman? do you believe its existence, or do you think that all of the tragedy that surrounds the character is merely coincidence? comment below and let me know. and if you can think of any other examples of the curse, except for the terrible mustache in Justice League, be sure to leave your thoughts. if you enjoyed this video, please like it and subscribe to my channel, as I create content like this weekly. and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of film. thanks very much for taking the time to watch this, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 