watching you hit as hard as you can. hi, I'm Luke Ryan for Joe. Blow calm and welcome to movie endings. explain where we'll be taking a look at some of the more ambiguous and discussed movie endings they've left audiences debating their true meaning long after the credits of role. for this installment, we focus on John Carpenter's seminal sci-fi horror from 1982, the thing, sort of by many to be a remake of the 1951 film, the thing from another world. it's more accurate to call it another adaptation of the 1938 novella, who goes there? and John Carpenter's big-screen version toes a little bit more in line with that original source material. the entire film is set on an American research outpost in the Antarctic, where a group of Mana faced with an aggressive alien life-form that assimilates and absorbed the organic beings it comes into contact with, from dogs to the men themselves. while the incredible practical effects work that make the titular thing so jaw-dropping to watch in its transformative moments, the majority of the film revolves around the creeping dread and paranoia that envelops the entire camp. when it becomes clear to all the researchers that any of their fellow colleagues could in fact be the thing. distrust spreads through the ranks, eventually leaving Kurt Russell's character, McCready, in the assumed position of leader. like most horror films, the body count ends up being high, leaving McCready on his own at the end to blow up the monstrous creature and to be left as the last man standing. [Music]. however, Keith David's character, child's re-emerges at the very end. we last saw him some 15 minutes earlier, when he stayed behind on guard with a flamethrower. he asked McCready if they killed the thing. and McCready asked the question we all had at that point. he explains he thought he saw Blair, who they had all suspected was the thing, and got lost in the storm looking for him, which is a sketchy story, especially considering the Blair had in fact gone underground. child takes a seat opposite McCready, and the two apparently except the fact that they're the last two left alive. and the film ends like this. what do we do. why don't we just wait here for a little while see what happens? it's a very nihilistic finale to a film that was fairly bleak to begin with. it doesn't answer the one basic question that most people likely had, are they really human? the film quickly establishes that the thing can assimilate a human so perfectly it's hard to tell the difference. there's a few combinations of outcomes in this final scene. one that they are both human and wait to simply freeze to death with the thing finally vanquished. - the child is the thing, leaving Macready to either gasps simulated himself, or to kill it once and for all, or three in an interesting twist, that McCready is the thing and child is the last one alive. you could also round off those speculations with the idea that they're both the thing, but that makes a little sense, as it wouldn't try to fool itself. it's a bold way to end the film. and ultimately, you really can just decide for yourself what happens after the credits roll. but let's look a little more closely at the most popular theory, that child's is the thing. it makes a lot of sense. we didn't see him for almost a quarter an hour in the film, and he conveniently appears at the end. it just slots very neatly into place. in fact, a hypothetical ending where child's is revealed to be the thing, leaving McCready to kill it and then die in the cold, satisfied that he stopped the parasite from spreading to the rest of humanity, would have been a fine way to close out the film. so what points towards child's being the thing? first of all, he's wearing different clothes. the last time we see him, he's wearing a blue jacket, and when he reappears, he's wearing more of a brown overcoat. it's entirely possible he changed clothes, of course, but why? unless the blue coat was destroyed when the thing ripped through child's, leaving it to grab an extra on the way out. the first thing child says in the final scene is this, and the Creed he clarifies as the only one. it's almost as if he caught up on child's, or indeed the things, poor choice of words, you're the only one who made it. then there's the bottle of liquor that McCready offers to child after he says they should just wait it out and see what happens. child's takes a sip gratefully, and McCready chuckles dark now when the others were destroying the facility, to eradicate any possibility of the thing surviving, they used bottles filled with gasoline. some have speculated that the liquor bottle was McCready's final ace of his sleep. if Charles was the thing, how would this alien life-form be able to taste the difference between liquor and gasoline? just as he begins to sip, the music starts up again. now you can easily read this as the beginning of the end of the scene, the music playing over into the credits, and maccreedy is merely chuckling at the apparent hopelessness of the situation. yet there does seem to be some weight behind the theory. when you watch the entire scene play out from Kurt Russell's layered performance, he really does appear to be studying child's reaction to the liquor in an expectant way. that being said, the bottle in his hand, if you look really closely is the same bottle, or at least brand, that McCready was drinking from at the beginning of the film. and just before Charles makes his presence known, McCready seems to be about to take a sip from the bottle himself. it's impossible to definitively prove anything here, as he could have just as easily spotted child in his peripheral vision and was motioning to drink to make his plan more believable. there's also the commonly cited clue that McCready's breath is very visibly seen flowing out of his mouth throughout this final scene, but there is no sign of data leaving Charles's mouth. well, I hate to quash this one, but this can be proven to be false. you do see Charles breath, it's just no one there, is obvious, which makes sense, given the fact that McCready has just been running around and fighting off the thing, whereas child has allegedly just been walking around in the storm. the last piece of potential evidence comes from an interesting piece of trivia recently divulged by director of cinematography Dean Cundy on the new audio commentary for the movie. he says this. so we were looking for some kind of subtle way to say which one of these might be human. you'll notice there's always an eye light. we call it a little gleam in the eye of the actor. it gives life. so when the nerve-racking scene where McCready tests the blood of the other researchers, you can see the eye light in almost everyone's pupils, except for Palmer. he turns out to indeed be the thing. so applying this to the ending of the film, what do we see? an eye light in the creedy's pupils and nothing in child's dead eyes. lightless the thing. lock stock and barrel proved all is it? once again, I hate to potentially break the illusion, but Keith David's eyelids are rather droopy, and in this, excuse the phrase, blinking, you're miss it, moment, his eyelids open up a little higher, and we see, yeah, and I liked Dean can be also said that it was discussed that it be revealed, or made explicit, that one of the two men were the thing. but that John very deliberately wanted to leave the question of if one or both, or neither of these guys, is the thing. Kurt Russell recently had this to say about the movies open-ended conclusion. John Carpenter and I worked on the ending of that movie together for a long time. we were both bringing the audience right back to square one. you've heard McCready say, I know, I me. well, you either believe him or you don't. and child's, you know, one of my favorite lines in the movie is, where were you Charles? and I think that basically says it all. I love that over the years that movie has gotten its due because people were able to get past the horrific mists of the monster, because it was a horror movie, but to see what the movie was about, which was paranoia. so like most of the best head-scratching endings in film history, there isn't really a cast-iron explanation that points to a definitive conclusion. all I can say is that the very popular theory that child isn't breathing and you can't see his breath is baffling to me, as you can see it if you just watch the entire scene closely. of course, the evidence for child's being the thing, quite quickly stacks up. but everything that happens after those credits roll are really up to you. finally, McCready actually did survive, in a few different ways. mostly John Crompton was convinced to shoot an alternate ending in which McCready is found and administered a blood test that proves he's human. but ultimately it was never used and has never been released. then there's the offshoot comics in PlayStation 2 video game that both presents sequel stories in which McCready survives. but the idea of whether or not comics or video games or alternate endings that the director didn't end up using being truly canon is a minefield, unto itself, who's to say that they counsel not sometimes, when it comes to a story so tightly wrapped up in the theme of paranoia, the answer to whether or not we should try and figure out this particular movie ending is simply this, maybe we should. thanks for watching. movie endings explained. let us know if there's any details on the thing we missed out this time around, and we'll see you next time. [Music], you have to finish off their story. I thought your ending line, I thought this entire ending of the movie was incredible. it would be, it would be what I would would want, and I was extremely happy with it. that's where he explained what he was doing, looking for Blair's irony. the only thing we did know at this point was that McCready was not right. then he could have been. I mean, he was just weed on him for a while. the two men are gonna freeze or die or something. they both got a weapon. they can kill each other. what are you gonna do? [Music]. 