[Music]. welcome to the braid man, when we break down the mostess third movies. my name is spooky, and today we are explaining, in 1997, dystopian art film, gumbo. gumbo is about two young kids in the town ravaged by tornado about 20 years earlier. and the town has been in a third world as period ever since. this movie can be considered disturbing because of his animal cruelty and overall unnerving tone. this is my second video on this famous, classic movie that proves historical for me and starting many of the routines that I still do, even many months later. anyway, let's get to the breakdown. the movie starts off with a young rap star singing that peanut butter [ __ ] song and just counting how many females he know that has a little tiny [ __ ]. then the main character, Solomon comes on saying, a few years ago in Xenia, Ohio, I'm sure I said it wrong, a tornado butchered that place, killing people and animals. like you can see, people with battered bodies and lost remains. Solomon even saw a girl fly through the sky, but rather just points out how he lifts up her skirt after a bit more gritty voiceover title screen, then the mascot of gumbo shows himself pissing over this walkway, smoking cigarettes and shivering in the cold. bunny boy shows as centric randomness that sort of shows you that this is what the rest of the movie will be like. then we see a boy, tumbler, holding a wild cat, who is then stuck into the water to drown as it tries his best to escape. then we see that same boy who got himself a little action. they are fun to link each other, getting to know their bodies. I guess tumblr touches her chests, filling a lump on her titty. that lump is what stares down the fondling of the tube. then we see Solomon and tumbler riding through their Skid Row, trying to get out of rolling Heights Bhalla country. they ride in through that [ __ ] like some vigilantes ready to protect their set. then suddenly we could and Solomon explains that tumblr is a downright legend, a necessary evil of a marvelous persona, showing our friendship is strong between these two. we see tumblr about the shoot a cat, but Solomon roll up like, don't kill that [ __ ] tumblr says funny stuff like this alive, even saying he's gonna get a raving beauty from an insane asylum. good thing they didn't kill foot foot here. but according to a darby here, darby brings foot foot through the house to her sister's helen on the left and dot on the right. play by Chloe Sevigny. I'm sure I said that wrong too. according to her, the cat stinks like a [ __ ]. I like their dialogue. but they turn over to see if she is pregnant, saying that a pregnant cat is a [ __ ] cat, and they will have to drown her kitties in the creek. then Helen and dot work on their titties to, I guess, make their nipples fatter and pop out. but then the three sisters jump in a bed, bumpy after the jump party. that does her best to seduce me, or somehow know what she doing. but he then cuts the tumbler in Solomon, collecting another dead kitty. they plan on getting their money so they can buy milkshakes. then tumblr asks if his mom makes them fool. it's a normal question, considering a territory. they write off they hit the block. but then what sounds like tumblr gets behind the mic and sings a little rap song about gravy. then we hear Solomon describe these two skinhead brothers who I think killed their parents. I may be wrong about that, but whatever. he describes them as if they change from being these good, upstanding boys to these creepy skinheads who literally skit in this kitchen, beating each other up, seriously, but in a fun way. then we cut to another familiar scene for me, a girl explaining a story of being molested by her father. [Applause]. [Music]. y'all can watch and listen to the scene here, but I've heard this voiceover of the girl is actually from a song, and the movie paints a story to the Leary's. then our dynamic duo brings the short amount of cash they kill to this black dude. the man tells them a kid named Jared Wiggly is killing cats to some competition is present, but tumbler got something to say. I'm pretty smart, if I say so myself. walked into a good start. those apples will be 2 bucks each. it tells me. that's why I outsmarted him. and over a five. unless he's about to give me a dollar change, I say, keep it weird anyway, and I stepped on a grape. brilliant. the clerk ain't hearing that and gives them $13, also giving them some glue for them to sniff up later. we then cut to a home video showing first a dead stray cat, but then this man tells the story of a cat being killed from Forrest gasoline consumption, and this woman explaining how somebody put a cat in a microwave. the same woman also tells a story about how, I'm guessing all of them went up to jail, but we got a racist among these ranks. we didn't see. the duo actually did get milkshakes, but didn't do well in the forest way. Scituate and Huff glue to get high. a lot of rambling here, but tumblr sings Wario Burson song crying, apparently Tumblr's brothers favorite song. his brother abandoned tumblr and went off to a big city. tumblr even recalls him being a queer, saying he dressed up in women's clothes and everything. but one nice thing, he does say he was pretty. then we see two boys playing around in this junkyard, cursing cops in a way that would make IceCube proud, as we see here. bunny boy walks up, almost like he pulled up in the wrong hood. and evidently he did, because they light his ass out like a Christmas tree. come to my [ __ ] house. they leave them there to bleed out. and then we see a girl named Ellen who is a bit slow, but sings her ABCs way better than I can. so there goes that Ellen Mesa with dot and Helen, who are lusting after this do Eddy practicing his moves. they have a little crush on him. and he explains how his adb influences his tennis prowess. the two girls walk away clowning Eddy last girlfriend for being too skinny and possibly bulimic. next, the director, harmony Corrine, plays a homosexual man, inebriated to all hell and talking about his menopause bound hateful mother. it's almost like this scene was unscripted. and this little man here reacts honestly. harmony has more distortion to the story by saying he was abused and raped by having stuff forced up. but at least he asked himself, a little man to take care of them. well, here goes Solomon explaining how his father was mugged on MLK Jr day, and as a result, he never cared for the holiday. then Solomon and tumblr visited this. in the script, they visit Timmy Thicke and his Tom girlfriend here named Jared Wiggly, who explains to the two how he kills cats. he also explains his grandmother's in his care, who was very sick and catatonic. she's depended on girlie looking giri to take care of her. right after, tumblr goes school shooter mode, hating on all people, basically. next, tumblr and solomon come to this man's house who prostitutes his Down syndrome shrieking sister to whoever is paying. tumblr goes in first, but solomon's turn is what really gets our hairs turning. fortune this big bond says, you're gonna be a memo in there, you know. hey, fire, but i don't have wood here winding me. but after we see the duo whipping a dead cat, even is showing us the aftermath. the depression increases when this random man explains on video how much life sucks and that suicide is the only way out. we didn't see the three sisters grass skating under the video comes up showing two kids talking about a dislike a lesbian ship. people always find time to dislike and hate on stuff that obviously don't concern them. then we see solomon fashioning his own little workout tools to be about his purpose. this gets super comical when my favorite character, the mom, comes in, putting on her husband's tap shoes and obviously just enjoying her own special quality time with her son. then, and our final woman here, films a video basically telling what she wants in a man. sweet lady, really. i hope she gets the Patrick Swayze she deserve. the next scene has tumblr talking about a cocaine addicts who used to live around these parts, who gave cocaine the girls and have sex with them in front of kids. hopefully one of those kids isn't Darby, who is helping wash foot, foot here. but also saying, can anybody please explain any non-obvious significance in that phrase? I mean, it's cute, I guess, but there seems to be some inside joke thing about it. we didn't see tumblr and his dad a ride around, talking about his past mother she must have died when he was really young. but at least father and son are still together. strong. speaking of strength, father and son have a little arm wrestle and a little hanging out with people we seen earlier, including the molesting dad in the gate. little man packs a beer. can cause a lot of craziness with you adults, but at least dad finds it good to spit a few bars before I skip over this damn scene. [Music]. anyway, later, the duo, along with a woman sitting with a human child, are huffing chemical products to get high. it sucks to see kids getting high in front of smaller kids. then we see the girl from the beginning, who was hospitalized for other reasons relating to the lump on her titty. she sadly has to get that breast removed, and also, depressingly, talks about how it will remove all her attractiveness. just another scene the show that sometimes the cars we are dealt suck donkey balls. we didn't see tumblr expressing more nihilistic views, even saying he thinks it was a mistake to ever be born, just like some kin park. [ __ ]. we didn't see demonic scenes. I'm guessing, some type of satanic ritual, I guess. after that, contrasting with tumblr, Solomon, air racing, life is great, full of beauty and illusion. speaking like an aspiring poet, the two friends didn't break into a house which supposedly belongs to Jared. I'm guessing they want to hurt him or something. but lucky for him, Jared ain't home. Salomon looks around Jewish room, finding a bunch of pictures showing Jared dressed up girly, even seeing a little videotape of him during a little photo shoot. whatever floats his boat. man, that's all I gotta say. tumblr then comes in and shows Solomon Jarrod's grandma, kept alive only by a machine. she seems to be a bit before it did, and doesn't wake up from being shot in the foot with a BB gun. tumbler then turns off her breathing machine, officially killing the woman. well, at least until somebody in the comment section tells me otherwise in a rude manner. the duo then dip the spot, and later we have an interview with Ellen here. Ellen is really sweet, but then we say she shaves off her eyebrows to give the hair to darby so she can have a mustache like Burt Reynolds. afterwards, we see bunny boy killed the accordion solo in a public bathroom. but then we see lost cat pictures of foot. foot. that sucks, but it's possible. Jerry's trapped scutum or the duo, after asking many unwilling people for help, we see two deaf people arguing. the three sisters look on. but then a man comes along, offering to take their girls to their cat, eventually setting up in a parking lot with some sexual intent. [Music], listen up, guys. don't go around trying to touch on girls. Cochise, are you gonna get [ __ ] up? I know how your little highschool boys do. then we cut to arguably the most classic scene of the movie, Solomon sitting in all types of dirt in STD field water. he's probably better off just being in some toilet water. but his mom then moves through the thick house to deliver some spaghetti and milk. she was kind of stingy on the ragu sauce. but Solomon Easter spaghetti as his mom washes his hair. but this August interrupted when two fresh ass kids knock on the door selling Crunch Bars for kids with cancer. mama by Salomon some but Solomon drops the bar in water, picking it back up and still eating it with no hesitation, no element of couthe next because to the twins who start flexing their coop. I feel these two are billionaires. now, we didn't see bunny boy kissing two snow bunnies in the pool as it rains. that seems like an interesting experience. we didn't see the duo shoot and foot foot, meaning they were the ones who at least killed him after he went missing. we see a tornado, probably the one that started the decline of the town. then famously, blendy boy runs towards the camera, showing foot foot to us, breaking the fourth wall. the movie ends as Ellen sings, jesus loves me, before she gets interrupted. well, it felt good to revisit this movie. now, I'm sure some of y'all didn't see my original video on this, so I'll give y'all a short little recap of that. welcome to the breakdowns. when we break down two most disturbed movies, we can introduce to a boy wearing a bunny hat. and the entire intro consists of him doing crazy stuff up on this bridge walkway, covering this dude. the guy's a DD the two girls walk after that is him to get a cut to a black [ __ ] talking to some fruity eyeballing. got his mother's sure. he finds pictures of the cat killer from earlier in Holi. he's a real trap, because a bunny boy running towards the camera and a fourth wall brick with a dead cat in his hand. music, well, that was a weird movie, guys. not much spot, so I encourage individual watching. anyway, let's talk about that spooky stuff. yeah, crazy and desperate for a remake. now, if you're expecting some worded analysis where I'm saying [ __ ] like gumiho is an artistic representation that heavily expresses the intense filthiness and perversion of overall society and blah, blah, blah, I hate hearing or reading [ __ ] like that. this was a pretty weird film, but a pretty real film about how life can be for different unfortunate people and communities. that's all you gotta [ __ ] say. now, I'm gonna finish this off by saying what I said in the original video. well, that was a weird movie, guys. not much plot. so I encourage individual watching. anyway, let's talk about that spooky stuff. [Music]. so I definitely liked how the movie wasn't too narrative. I guess, like it was really all over the place. two questions I gotta ask y'all this one, what do you think the purpose or a message of the movie is? I have an answer, and I'm gonna just tell you straight up. I hate it when anybody says the movie is pointless. everything has a point to make. number two, what do you think, buddy boy? represented that's another point of these breakdowns. I'll show y'all the most important of what happens, and y'all can come up with your own conclusion. that's what matters most, not what I think, not what I gotta say. anyway, the mostess tournament is probably, I don't know, guys. I mean, originally I set the scene where the girl recounting molestation from her dad, and I think I will personally say the same here. if anybody wants to disturb me, showered mistreatment is how you do it. the most enjoyment is always gonna be when those two little Sheriff Cowboys disrespect bunny boy, it was just funny how they were acting with their funk booty mouth. anyway, next is to redo bunny game, a film that is honestly, probably one of the most disturbing movies out of all of them for watch, but my early sub couldn't capture the shock enos of the movie. here on the left is kim park, a film directed by larry clark that follows the whole disturbing teen theme. on the right is Antichrist, the video that got over 200k views. thanks for watching. spooky out 