a group of technology-dependent teenagers goes to offline camp, and soon they are encountered by deformed creatures that are results of horrific science experiments. welcome to total recaps. today we will explain a 2020 action horror titled nobody sleeps in the woods. tonight, get ready for some spoilers. take a seat and enjoy. at the very beginning of the movie, there is a postman, and he is visiting a woman who lives deep in the woods. he hears a very strange noise in the basement and suspects that someone is being tortured there. he examines the commotion and even expresses some sympathy and worries. he does not know what it is, and we can only guess. but one thing is certain, does not have good intentions. we hear screams of terror as the postman is dragged in. next at another location, we see a lot of teenagers being sent to the camp and having their phones taken away. in the next scene, it's been a few years since the postman incident we witnessed moments ago. there are many teenagers in the camp, but we will focus on a smaller group of five of them. there is also isa, who's their leader on this journey to unknown without technology. sasha is the quiet one, and she dresses modestly. anjela is an attractive young lady who is popular in her school. she likes to play with her hair and draw boys attention. the team spends the night in the camp, and in the morning they start their journey into the woods. as they were walking in the woods, two boys have a chat and start to argue. daniel engages in a fight with bartek and pushes him. iso arrives to chastise daniel, while julie goes out to accidentally urinate on a dead deer. when he sees the deer, which is right next to him, but he doesn't see for some reason, he freaks out. isa arrives to examine, and her looks indicate that she does not believe the deer was taken by an animal, but rather by something considerably more frightening. isa, on the other hand, is a risk taker and carries on rather than reporting an unusual encounter or taking measures. meanwhile, somewhere in the woods, in a small cabin, a woman is seen bringing an animal into the cellar, before tripping and falling. whatever it is down there, it consumes the dead animal in seconds. we are back with the teenagers and it is night time. it seems like they will all sleep in the woods tonight, although the title says they won't. anjela is bored and wants to have some fun. she goes off and flirts with daniel, and the two of them wind up going on a date near the lake. they start to kiss each other, and on yellow wants more, so she jumps him and offers him her body. after they had some fun, on yellow leaves, leaving daniel alone in the dark, which turned out to be a huge mistake. daniel is attacked by a horrible man with boils covering his entire body. daniel has smashed against a tree with an incredible force while wrapped in his sleeping bag. the group searches for daniel the next morning, but is unable to locate him. sasha notices blood on the tree, but isa ignores it, saying it has nothing to do with the missing person case. she discovers what anjela was doing instead of sleeping at night, and still does not believe it is a good idea to inform anyone else. they are really fortunate to have chosen the exact location where the psycho killer is on the loose. isa advises that everyone break up and look for daniel separately. she refuses to seek assistance from the other counselors. while isa, sasha and julik are searching for daniel. anyella is with bartek, and she starts to seduce him. he reveals he is not interested in girls, so she can leave him alone, because she is determined to sleep with him. he's in the middle of giving an emotional speech when he notices onyela is silent. he turns around and discovers the cause. she's been stabbed in the mouth with a metal rod. so obviously she is dead. when bartek sees the monster, he freaks out and flees. meanwhile, the others stumble upon a cabin in the woods, and they go in to investigate. they search around the house, or stumble upon an entrance on the floor. they open it and immediately realize it is a feeding ground for some creature. they find daniel's body down there. and they think about searching his body for a cell phone, but before they manage to do so, the creature itself appears. they seek shelter in the cellar, while the beast roaming upstairs. it hears the group hiding in the basement, so it reaches for them. teenagers escape the room, while isa wants to be a hero and confronts the monster, but it only decapitates her and throws her head outside. meanwhile, bartek escapes the other monster. he locates a church and approaches the priest for assistance, but the priest instead ties him up due to his conservative beliefs. as bartek is talking to a delusional priest, he hears something outside and goes to investigate. there is a wood chopper running. and when priest approaches it, the monster appears and pushes him inside. bartek is able to break free and take refuge in the confession box. however, when the assailant enters the church, the scene shifts to the next julic informs zasha that they need to get back to grab daniel's phone. but julie isn't keen on stealing from the dead, and instead thinks it's a better idea to dig for the monster's backstories. as a result, they venture into the woods and stumble across an elderly man living in a cabin. he enjoys having visitors with whom he can chat about his neighbors. he tells them about two brothers who grew up with their mother. when an asteroid-like object fell from the sky one night, the mother didn't bother to check if her twins were still in bed. outside, the twins decided it would be a good idea to carry a smoky rock inside and place it under their bed. the rock oozes black gunk later that night, corrupting the lads, who immediately want to go on a killing and eating frenzy. their dog is their only source of food they could find, so they ate it. the mother is horrified to discover her son's munching on the dog. the next morning, she indulges her new monster sons by bringing them animal meat, rather than doing anything else about it, like finding a cure or whatever. zasha wants to reconsider her plan to go grab daniel's phone, and julik is attempting to impress her, despite the fact that he knows he doesn't stand a chance. if he puts his life on the line for her. he believes she would reconsider him. while zasha tries to steal the phone, julik distracts one of the monsters while zasha is searching for the cell phone, the monster appears and attacks her. juliet then appears and stabs the monster, only to have its tongue torn out with a single bite. because zasha is the final girl, the monster knocks her out and chains her up. the others are slain right away, but she isn't. julic is barely alive. when she wakes up. he receives no love gestures from sasha, only a knife in his gut as he begs her to kill him and put an end to his misery. zasha uses the knife to free herself from her shackles and goes upstairs to slay the snoozing monster with a machete. she stabs him many times as hard as she can. she believes she has killed him and rushes outside to seek assistance. meanwhile, the old man at the cabin hears a knock and believes it is a monster. he doesn't ask any questions, and he doesn't check to see if it's the monster or not. he fires a shot and later opens the door to discover a dead teenager, not a monster. bartek had been spared by the beast for whatever reason. meanwhile, zasha is wandering around the woods and eventually runs across a police officer. he takes her on a ride. as she persuades him that there are monsters wandering these areas and that they killed her friends, he suddenly stops the vehicle because he thinks he hit something. even as sasha attempts hopelessly to warn the cop about horrific monsters that are lurking in these parts, the monster comes over to kill him. she quickly breaks the window and climbs into the driver's seat. she uses the vehicle to run over the creature some few times, and believe she has killed him, she manages to flee. but the monsters are not some ordinary they are not dead yet. the rock has endowed them with many special abilities, one of which is an eternal life, meaning they cannot die for good. they get resurrected if they do. [Music]. thank you for watching. if you want to see more, make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications. see you later. 