[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. with the x-men fox franchise finally wrapped up due to dark phoenix, we can now close the lid on the franchise and make sense of its rather messy timeline. throughout this video, i'll be making sense of the x-men movies to let you know not only how best to watch the films, but also to explain how they work coherently. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen dark phoenix yet and don't want major elements of that movie room for yourself, then i highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, i just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. i hope you enjoy it. now sit back, relax, and let's get into my breakdown of the x-men movie timeline. our timeline begins back in ancient egypt with apocalypse being put into hibernation after having his consciousness transferred to an immortal. this is one of the only fixed points in the timeline that is unaffected by the time travel that takes place. later, and can be cited as the birth of mutants. from here on, our predominantly be viewing the timeline from the perspective of wolverine, as he is the only way to really make sense of everything. and he's also by far the best character in the franchise. sorry, quicksilver. anyway, we travel to the 1800s for the next major event, which is the birth of wolverine and his stepbrother sabertooth. together they journey through many of the major wars throughout the past couple of centuries. this includes world war ii, most notably the holocaust, in which magneto was created. also during this period, wolverine becomes a prisoner of war at his japanese pow camp, and he witnesses the bombing of hiroshima, and this ties into the timeline. later in the 1960s, professor x and magneto meet for the first time attempt to recruit wolverine, and though they fail, they still create the x-men. whilst mystique is originally charles friend, she eventually sides with magneto, which explains her allegiances. later in the run, after first class, we go to the 1970s, and wolverine becomes a part of the weapon x program. and during this period, charles loses his way, slightly similar to what we saw in days of future past. however, wolverine is not there to rehabilitate him, and thus this takes slightly longer. it's also during this time that mystique murders bolivar trask and sets in motion events that will have massive ramifications. we then jump to our first film in the franchise, x-men, from the year 2000. in this we follow wolverine, who has amnesia, as he discovers the group and decides to join them. the events of x2 and x-men, the last stand play out, and wolverine ends up killing jean grey. professor x is seemingly killed in the film too. however, he manages to transfer his consciousness to another body, and thus is able to live on logan. racked with guilt, shuts himself off from the rest of the world, but is eventually called to japan for the events of the film. the wolverine. at the end of that movie, he's recruited by magneto and professor x to stop the rise of the sentinels, which ties into our next film, with mutants and mankind left on the brink of extinction due to the rise of the sentinel certain motion. when mystique murdered bolovatrask, wolverine travels back in time to the 1970s and stops this event from happening. and thus, in days of future past, a new timeline is created. at the end of that film, mystique, disguised as william striker, pulls wolverine from the river. and whilst this stops the weapon x procedure from happening in the 1970s, it merely delays it to the 1980s, which is when the next movie, x-men, apocalypse, takes place. as things have been slightly shifted in this new timeline. moira mctaggart now discovers apocalypse and accidentally awakens him, which sets in motion the chain of events. in this movie, this plays out like normal, and wolverine is set loose in the weapon x compound, thus allowing him to still join the x-men in the early 2000s. dark phoenix follows in a decade after this. and as the titular events happen here, and not at the same time as they did in the last stand, jean is not killed by wolverine, a phoenix impression can be seen in the sky at the end of the film, which allows for her reappearance later in the new timeline. thus she is alive. mystique, however, does die in the film, which is why she doesn't appear later on, which i'll get into when we talk about the ending scene of days of future past. from here, the events have been pretty similar to the original x-men trilogy, though some events have been nudged slightly, so it's not all exactly the same, but it continues roughly how it did until we get to the end scene of days of future past, in which wolverine wakes up in an altered timeline, having saved the world. this explains why, when he walks through the mansion, he sees gene, but not mystique. and this lines up with their fate in dark phoenix, as gene wasn't killed, but mistake was deadpool 1 and 2 happened roughly around this time. but the next major event doesn't take place until logan, during his period professor x, accidentally killed all of the mutants at his mansion. and he, caliban and wilby are some of the only few that remain due to the genetic extinction that was carried out by dr rice whilst wolverine says in this movie, when looking at x-men comics, that the events did not happen the way that they were portrayed in the books, you have to remember that this is because he only has memories from the original timeline. thus when he changed things and nudged the big moments slightly, they would seemingly happen differently for him in the comic books, and thus not line up with his memories. logan dies at the end of the film, and we watch as a new group of mutants go out to carve their own destiny, thus ending the timeline. and that's pretty much how i view the x-men movies happening and how the timeline makes sense. obviously, there's some unavoidable inconsistencies, like emma frost, but on the whole, i think this works and explains a lot of the plot holes. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on my take of the events. and if you agree or disagree with me, make sure you comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and make sure you check out my ending, explained breakdown of dark phoenix, which will be linked after this video. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. i've been definition. you've been the best. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 