welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going urban, following the kreitz into the big city with critters 3. if you prefer your crites in close quarters, you should subscribe to the channel. let's get to it. we open on an rv occupied by a completely new family that just loves singing. but are interrupted by a flat tire. they make it to the next rest stop, which is swollen with other weary travelers, and we learned they're heading home after their first vacation since mom died. almost as soon as they unload, little johnny runs straight at the edge of a ravine, warranting a vicious tongue lashing from josh. and he witnesses this and intervenes, leading to their mutual acquaintance. however, this quickly leads to trouble, as josh unloads the sling disc deep into the danger zone, and they all pursue it with no consideration for their safety. when they find their toy, they also discover the nest charlie's been sleeping in lately. he warns them all of the events of grover's bend in the crite scorch, leaving them with a parting gift a space crystal that warns of a crite presence. they all return to their respective vehicles, where annie believes, incorrectly, that her dad will have any interest in her boring story about the strange man they met in the woods. and they head home, fresh krite eggs stowed away snugly below deck. when they get there, they come in hot and are required to use poor mario's datsun as a makeshift braking system. preoccupied with inspecting the damage, they fail to notice the new crite that hops off and begins the infestation of their building. inside, we learn annie's trying to utilize marsha's connections to find her father a job with ma belle so he doesn't have to leave them to ride the rails. then she visits her favorite neighbors, the menjeezys, for some ham and beans. downstairs. their building maintenance man, frank, takes a call that informs us he's being paid by the property owner to help drive the tenants out of the building. afterward, he barely gets a chance to creep on some delegates before pursuing a strange noise that results in him getting necked by a crate. he hangs in there momentarily, but falling down pretty much seals the deal for him. when his boss calls back and he's unable to provide any satisfactory answers, he decides to come down there and show frank how it's done. and he's bringing his stepson with him for educational purposes. at the manginas, pappy is struck by the name, grover's ben and finds the story in his archive of tabloids. when innocent johnny sees a picture of sheriff charlie, it prompts him to pull out his space. crystal, now glowing green, on her way back downstairs, we catch cliff watching bowling, the surest sign he's given up on life, before catching rosie at laundry time, you pervert. what do you think he did? she's then attacked by the krites, and manages to panic loudly enough to attract annie's attention, allowing her to eventually secure her rescue. they try to convince cliff of the existence of aliens. he's hesitant to fall for their trick. but extraterrestrials or not, something was definitely eaten on her leg. and then, of course, a quad of krites show up and remove any lingering doubts. back in the basement, briggs is teaching josh about the different classes of people and fomenting panic by cutting the phone lines in power. they then follow the sound of the battery-operated tv, thinking they have identified a tenant who illegally patched into the auxiliary power. fed up, josh speaks his truth, i wish you were dead. and manifests this vision. marsha shows up, but finds briggs beyond help. so they retreat upstairs to where the adults are being tended to. and josh and danny are reunited. but they don't have long before the krites start ramming the door. the group decides to retreat to an attic space with access to the roof elevator and a phone box they may be able to patch into. hey, i can do anything. okay, calm down, marcia. and they make it up right in time. as the krites found back entrance through the cupboards, missing their prey, they opt to hang out for a quick dinner break and make believe like they're gremlins or something. upstairs, they find the roof entry locked. in their moment of quiet despair, josh comes clean about why he's there, and they agree that life is bleak and seemingly devoid of meaning. marsha interrupts to announce she's found an accent point and plans to use it to call for help. she warns them that the building appears to be on fire, before taking the quickest pathway to ground level and then the hardest possible route to the phone booth. annie gets fed up and takes the shaft, making it to ground level and discovering a new krypt power. she's backed into a corner, but rescued by charlie, who has enough ammo to kill one krite before they have to retreat. when grouped back up, charlie recommends staring their attackers down, as they tend to telegraph their every move. this seems to work pretty well, and they manage to blast their way onto the roof. the final krite arrives and does a sonic power spin at slo johnny. charlie deftly deflects it off the roof, but also still knocks johnny over the ledge cliff. finally decides it's time to do something and saves his kid. while we see charlie as again narrowly avoided a near certain death, touching down gracefully on the camper. the next morning, they get all patched up, and we learn cliff is turning in his conductor's pants to find a new job. josh's mom then arrives to offer everyone their court-mandated relocation money to help keep them on their feet during reconstruction. in the credit scene, we find charlie warned away from the final two krite eggs, as they represent the last two crites in existence, and the death panel only supports murder up to a point. a collection pod then arrives to retrieve them. craters 3 was about as good as any of them so far. it works well as a self-contained story, but also moves the krypt even further in the direction of becoming ripoff gremlins. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 