[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we are talking about the 2015 superhero film, Avengers, age of Ultron. so let's get started. this summary relies in part that you have seen the previous films. if you would like to see a summary, check out the links below. the film opens with the Avengers rating a Hydra facility in segovia commanded by Baron Wolfgang von Strucker has been experimenting on humans using the scepter previously wielded by Loki. they encounter test subjects, Pietro and Wanda, Maximoff, where Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch, as well as apprehending Strucker and Loki scepter. as quick sidenote, either actually the kids of magneto from the x-men universe, but due to licensing issues, they cannot refer to this. stark and banner the Hulk discovered artificial intelligence with a new scepters gem, and secretly use it to complete Starks. Ultron goes with the French program. it creates a sentient being who believes he must eradicate humanity to save earth. it destroys Starks AI Jarvis and attacks the Avengers at their headquarters. Ultron escapes with the sceptre and use the resources at the Hydra base to upgrade his body and build an army of robot drones. having killed Strucker, he recruits the maximal siblings and sets off to obtain run khandha vibranium. the Avengers arrive and attack Ultron, but the Scarlet Witch subdues him with haunting visions. the team goes into hiding in a safe house, reeling from the visions. Thor departs to consult dr. Erik Selvig on the meaning of the apocalyptic future he saw in his hallucination. Nick Fury arrives and encourages the rs.15 not to break part and a former plan to stop Ultron. meanwhile, Ultron forces the team's friend, dr. Helen Cho to use her synthetic tissue technology, together with the vibranium and the scepter gem, to perfect a new body for him. as Ultron uploads himself into the body, The Scarlet Witch reads his mind, discovering his plan for human extinction. the maximal siblings turn against Ultron. some of the team find Ultron and retrieve the synthetic the ultra captures Black Widow. the team fight amongst themselves, while Stark secretly uploads Jarvis, who hid from Ultron inside the internet, into the synthetic body. so returns to help activate the body, explaining that the gem on its brow is from of the six Infinity stones and was part of his vision. this vision and the maximal siblings accompany the Avengers return to sokovia. we're all Trent has used the remaining vibranium to build a machine to lift a large part of the capital skyward, intending to crash it into the ground to cause global extinction. banner rescues Black Widow. why the Avengers fight Ultron's army. fury and others evacuate civilians. Quicksilver dies when he shields Hawkeye from gunfire. an eventual Scarlet Witch abandons her post to destroy Ultron's primary body, which allows one of his drones to activate the machine. the city plummets, but stark and Thor overload the machine and shatter the landmass and the aftermath. the Hulk departs, while the vision confronts Ultron's last remaining body. later, the avengers establish new base. Thor returns to Asgard. stark leaves. hawkeye retires and Captain America with Black Widow prepared to train new Avengers. and amid credit scene, we see Danos vowed to retrieve the Infinity stones for himself, hinting at the next Avengers film. so that was the spoilers for Avengers age of Ultron. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. remember to like and subscribe and visit us on our various forms of social media. thanks for watching. [Music]. 