Liz, if you haven't seen this fantastic documentary, I'm mr. Rogers, I highly recommend it. it's even one of our favorite elimedia tits. I've talked about how influential mr. Rogers was for me growing up, that I had myself three good cardigans ready to go at all times. but as bias as I may come out for the show, I was really skeptical when I heard they were going to be making a movie. see Jim Carrey's kidding show, that's one thing, but someone trying to embody Rogers himself, I just couldn't see it. I couldn't fat Lee's boat. you be my neighbor. oh, okay. on top of that, they got Mariel Heller, who already has two great features under her belt. they got the approval of the Rogers estate. mrs. Rogers even gave Hank all of Fred's actual ties for the movie. and wouldn't you know it, miss Joann Rogers let them know that Hanks was, in fact, mr. Rogers favorite actor. I think that Fred saw, was it Forrest Gump, in the movie theater 40 times. she said, Tom Hanks was my favorite act. was his favorite actor. he loved him so much. and it it all come from big he had loved big boy. you really got the essence of childhood, right? I'll say this, Mary O'Halloran get nominated for directing, because if she's not, I'm not lying, I'm not covering the Oscars. because when I caught this at TIFF, I came out thinking that Mary, oh, hello, really just recreate a feature-length episode of mr. Rogers neighborhood? and then I heard we filmed on these Ikegami cameras, these two cameras that were just like the original cameras. they filmed the real program on. we had a live feed going to these monitors. and then we were filming on a digital Alexa camera. so turns out she did. let me explain. so the story is based on Tom Geno's the Esquire piece on mr. Rogers that came out in 1998, but the movie itself swaps Tom for the fictional journalist, Lloyd Vogel, who, in the first 15 minutes of the mr. Rogers feature film, gets into a fistfight with his father. just a joke to you. that's when I knew we actually had a movie though. cuz see, when it comes to Mister Rogers, I think a lot of people would like to see him as soft or very quiet, but his show always covered things darker than Lloyd's right eye is a summation me. so with Lloyd being the main character of the movie, it technically makes Hanks portrayal of Fred a supporting role, which, you know, supporting, that's just like mr. Rogers. what's crazy is that Hanks originally passed on the role, until Haller convinced him to do it, proving even further that she's a master at her craft, to the point that she's directing actors before the shoot even starts. oh, I just read this interesting article the New York Times about female directors. have you seen it? and she said, I'm in it. please let me remove my shoe from my mouth. one of the things that's always motivated me, besides the kindness and mr. Rogers and everything that he showed through his work and his everyday life, are the people who waited his work guide his everyday life. realizing people are always going to hate, you know, just I hate. even in the case of someone like mr. Rogers, I think that's an extremely important lesson and something that all. that'll take so much weight off of your shoulders. Fred embracing those people though, yo, that's a saint. nobody from Fred's camp of people likes it when we refer to him as a saint. and it was sort of the first thing people would say is, oh, man, he was a saint. and she was the one who really said, you know, if you think of him as a saint, he's not accessible. it's something that we can't attain if if we're viewing him as a saint. and you need to know he wasn't. he was a person. I know, I know, but like, come on. the Rogers estate never sold any merch. so then opening up the archives for the writers of this movie, allowing him to go through every single letter to make a better picture, that's a big deal. they remade the trolleys from the original set and had them running all throughout production. they shot it in Pittsburgh in that same studio with the same cameras, and cap down every little detail, from handed sweaters to the buttons on the puppets, and then turned it into a feature-length episode of Mister Rogers neighborhood for adults. and even with any creative liberties ant, constant back and forth with mrs. Rogers and really the city of Pittsburgh. I was going up in the elevator one day, and all the Pittsburgh knows you're there shooting a movie there. but he's very cool about it. and just as the elevator was cool, he got out before me, just the elevator was closing, he said to me, you know, we take mr. Rogers very seriously. he was a veiled threat. yeah, again, it's fictional. so no, mr. Rogers didn't visit someone with a PI in their deathbed, at least that we know of. but Fred asking the father to pray for him was actually based on real Fred's visit with a boy with cerebral palsy, who he felt must be very close to God. and he always sought out that innocence regardless of the person's background. every interview within the movie feels like a therapy session that Lloyd finds himself in three questions too late. Heller is able to capture every single character's emotion within a scene, regardless of how packed it is. like she just knows how to convey everybody's headspace, something she did incredibly well in Diary of a teenage girl. and now she's directed a pretty much universally beloved movie on one of the most universally beloved beams. my secret is, Tom Hanks didn't actually know that I was focusing on him for this scene. he thought we were really just focusing on Daniel Tiger and lady aberlin, and the scene as it was being captured for the program. Heller also fought for French hour days, which pretty much is a schedule that allows the crew to be able to see their families. which, if you've ever worked in a production man, that's not a hassle. it's it's obsolete. Nolan's practically made every one of his movies as a love letter to not being there for his kids, shooting shorter hours, where you don't take a lunch break, and you push through and you shoot the entire day. for me, as a parent, that makes this life more sustainable, and I believe it's one way to get more women behind the camera, is if we don't have these totally unsustainable lives where we work 16 to 18 hour days. overall, I think the reason it works is simple, they can't. so many times we see biopics that try to overly glorify the subject or make them an icon, or drag them down. but just like with the documentary and with his own show, mr. Rogers has always been about paying it forward. he was always less concerned about being the hero than he was making sure you had a here guiding you, there mom, your dad, a sibling or a teacher, anyone who can make your day beautiful. if someone comes into the office to talk to the medicine, they're not to talk about him. they're coming in to talk about themselves. and that's what he was always able to get. he had somebody to do to talk about this. it was always the idea that a neighborhood looks out for each other and cares for each other. Hanks, who's been in our screens for decades, recognize that and somehow transformed even further for this role the way they filmed on-location and embraced the beautiful city that is Pittsburgh. and Heller said, in general, embodied that neighborhood Rogers always talked about. when I made this movie, I said, Fred Rogers would have never wanted us to make a movie about him where we had to abandon our children in order to make this movie. so let's figure out another way. so to come at it from the angle of a cynical journalist, of a father to be who feels beat down, that was just perfect, because he too belongs in the neighborhood. see it as a message of forgiveness. see it as an awareness of kindness, or just a good movie. in the end, I thought it embodied Rogers quote that anything that's mentioning is also manageable. thank you guys for checking out this video, and I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. you know, they say only greats can play the greats. and I entered the shot from the end of the street with a submachine gun, and I butchered 12 guys and shot Paul Newman dead. and I thought, god, I hope it get to plate mr. Rogers some day. I'm curious about this movie down below in the comments section. please, please watch a documentary have and I hope you really enjoy that one. it's one of one of our favorite documentaries on that year, specifically, just cuz it was such an interesting game. like Fred responded to every letter he ever received. that's insane to me. that's what you've got reactions like this. it's amazing what they were comfortable sharing with Fred. what do you think about this? how can I deal with this? and Fred did respond to every letter that came in. it's very rare that you get people like that, you know, like, I think of Bob Ross. I think of mr. Rogers, like, you don't know who is that today, you know? but other than that, I'm curious on your thoughts. what resonated for you in the movie? let me know your heroes. and until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe and protect review bra at all times. 