in today's episode of recap files, i'm going to explain a 2018 american horror film called a quiet place. warning, spoilers ahead. the film begins 89 days after an alien invasion devastates the planet and annihilates the majority of humanity. because the monsters are blind, but have excellent hearing, they hunt wherever they hear noise. the abbotts parents, lee john krasinski and evelyn emily blunt, as well as children, regan, millicent simmons, marcus, noah jupe and bo cade woodward, leave their home to search for supplies in a deserted town. they communicate entirely through sign language and make as little noise as possible. evelyn locates medication for marcus, who is ill. beau discovers a toy rocket that he wants to play with, but lee takes the batteries out and warns him that it will be too loud. regan hands bow the rocket, and he grabs the batteries. when no one is looking. the family walks back toward their house on a dirt path that muffles the sound of their footsteps. beau puts the batteries in the toy and turns it on, making loud noises as they approach the bridge. when lee hears one of the monsters running through the woods, he rushes toward beau. a spider-like creature leaps out and snatches bow before lee can reach him. over a year later, the family is still thriving by remaining as quiet as possible. evelyn is expecting her fourth child. lee created a hearing aid for regan, who is deaf, using spare parts from radio equipment. unfortunately, this, like previous attempts to make a device, does not allow regan to hear. marcus accidentally knocks over a lantern, causing it to shatter and start a small fire, which lee quickly extinguishes. they wait with bated breath to see if the monsters have realized where they are, but they never do. later, lee and evelyn dance while listening to a song on a device. lee takes marcus fishing by the falls, despite his fear of being out there. regan offers to accompany lee, but lee tells her to stay and assist her mother. there is no doubt that lee and regan are at odds. lee assures marcus that it is safe to talk at the falls because the sound of the river is louder than the sounds they can make. for the first time in a long time, they are able to communicate with one another. marcus informs lee that regan blames herself for what happened to beau. and he inquires as to whether his father feels the same way. lee, however, denies it. marcus asks him if he loves regan and tells him that he should tell her. regan walks away from the house and toured the bridge where the family has left a memorial for beau. she cuts the wires of the toy rocket to silence it, but leaves the lights on. as lee and marcus begin their journey back home, they come across a man standing over the mutilated body of a woman who may have been his wife. despite lee's efforts to persuade him not to make any noise, the man screams, attracting the monsters. lee and marcus flee as the man is killed. evelyn's water breaks back at the family's farm. she heads to the basement to prepare because it is soundproof. but she steps on a nail on the staircase, causing her to yelp in pain and drop a shattered family picture. one of the monsters is drawn to the house by the noise. evelyn activates the red lights, alerting lee to the presence of the monsters. the monster stalks evelyn in the house, but lee sends marcus to set off some fireworks to distract the monster away. evelyn can finally scream due to the pain of the contractions, and she is bleeding profusely. lee returns home to discover that evelyn has given birth to a boy. he carries them both to the basement where he puts an oxygen mask on the baby and places him in a box so the monster doesn't hear him cry. lee and evelyn are able to talk because she has felt guilty about beau's death and claims she could have carried him the entire journey. she tells lee that he must promise to protect the children. regan, who was resting near the memorial, sees the fireworks and rushes back home. marcus dashes through a crop field. as one of the monsters approaches. he is knocked out after colliding with the tractor. but he is found by regan. the two go to the top of a grain silo to signal lee to come and find them, but the wind blows out their fire. marcus then falls through the silos roof and is almost crushed by a metal door. regan follows him in, and the two nearly suffocate under the grain. a monster then bursts in, but the children hide beneath the metallic door. regan's hearing aid then emits a powerful, high-pitched frequency, weakening the monster and driving it away. the basement of the house begins to flood. when one of the monsters hears the water running, it approaches evelyn moves quietly through the water as she tries to reach the baby. the creature flees when it hears noises outside. regan and marcus emerge from the silo to rejoin lee. the monster, on the other hand, is nearby. while lee tries to fend off the monster, the kids take refuge in a truck. it whips its clawedly, severely injuring him. marcus cries out for his father, and the monster hears him. lee notices the children and expresses to them that he has always loved both of them. he then screams, attracting the monster, which kills him. evelyn sees this through the surveillance cameras. the kids return to the house and run into evelyn's arms. all of them in grief over lee's death, they flee to the basement in search of safety. marcus is kept in the corner by evelyn to protect the baby. lee's notes and equipment, which he used experimentally against the creatures, are visible to regan. as evelyn arms herself with a shotgun. one of the monsters makes its way into the basement. regan realizes that her hearing aid is powerful enough to weaken the creature, so she employs it to generate a powerful frequency that causes the monster's head to open and writhe in pain. it rises, but evelyn blows off its head. this alerts another pair of monsters who rush toward the house, as evelyn can see on the cameras. however, now that they know how to fight back, regan turns up the volume on the microphone and evelyn [ __ ] the shotgun with a smile. do you enjoy videos like these, then consider subscribing and leaving us a like it really helps the channel out. thanks for watching, and we'll catch you on the next one. 