hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1968 sci-fi classic, 2001, a Space Odyssey. so let's get started. the film opens millions of years ago in a desert with apes discovering a large black monolith, which, under its influence, the Apes begin using bones as weapons. the film transitions to dr. Heywood Floyd traveling to the Clavius base on the moon. another monolith has been found in the crater Tycho, which was buried 4 million years ago. while investigating the monolith, it emits an ear-piercing sound, and a radio signal is sent to jupiter. 18 months later, the ship discovery 1 is heading for Jupiter. dr. David Bowman and dr. Frank Poole are piloting the ship, while three other scientists are in suspended animation. the ship's functions are controlled by its computer, HAL 9000, AKA hal hal states that he is foolproof and incapable of error. hal begins reporting that their antenna control device is failing. after the pilots retrieved the device, they find that there is nothing wrong with it, and Mission Control confirms this, implying that Hal seems to be the one actually in error. the pilot secretly decide to reinstall the device, and if it does not fail, then how is wrong, and they will disconnect him from the ship's controls. Hal, however, finds out about their plans while reading their lips. and while Frank is reinstalling the device, he uses the transport pod to sever Frank's oxygen and send him adrift in space. Dave takes another pod rescue Frank. meanwhile, Hal turns off the life support functions, killing the crew men that are in suspended animation. when Dave returns with Frank's body and asks to be let back in, how states, I'm sorry, Dave, I'm afraid I can't do that. Dave is forced to let go Frank's body and enters through the emergency entrance. Dave then begins disassembling Hal. and his intellectual functions begin to fail, as he is regressing that you began saying the song daisy bell', Hal's earliest memory. afterward, a video plays discussing the existence the monolith on the moon, though its purpose is unknown, only that the signal was sent to Jupiter. and this is the first time the crew has found out why. they're really sent to Jupiter. this is also the last bit of dialogue for the entire mode. Dave arrives and investigates another monolith at its orbit and Jupiter, his pod is pulled into a multicolor vortex the Stargate, and seems to travel across a large distance of space, witnessing a kaleidoscope of different colors and images. Dave finds himself in a zoo like bedroom, and we see his entire life flash from middle-aged to older to dying in bed. we then see the monolith at the foot of his bed, and as he is reaching out for it, he is transformed into a fetus in an orb of light, becoming the Starchild. the fetus is seen floating in the space beside Earth as the film ends. so that was a spoilers for 2001, a Space Odyssey. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoilers on the various forms of social media. check out our monthly Instagram giveaways, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 