Liss and I love all the director of this movie was like, yeah, I know some people are gonna think it's completed at a trash I do not care. see, Netflix has created this genius marketing scheme where they push their movies to go viral, like specifically online, like Twitterverse, kind of like what they did with the bird box success. because it's become one of those cases where you can judge Netflix movies off of what they themselves have to offer, but then you can look at the marketing side of things and the way that Netflix seems to be doing the complete opposite of big blockbuster studios. like, yeah, word of mouth has always been a thing, but Netflix has a cheat code of sorts, cuz you can tell someone to go watch book-smart, but if it ain't playing here at theatres near them, or they don't got the money, they're not gonna see it. they're gonna hit you with the phrase, I'll catch it when it's streaming. well, Netflix is always streaming. I know homeless people who have access to a Netflix account. so now that word of mouth travels way faster, since you can literally watch what everyone's talking about on your phone on the toilet off your mama's account. I think there's an entire Die section that can be made. and how Netflix has embraced memes as a sort of marketing. but what's great about it is that we're really the ones deciding what blows up on Netflix or not. like they can put something on the front page, but it all depends on whether we like it or not. and that's why a lot of things end up going under the radar. I know some people are complaining about Netflix picking up Khan's movies, which i think is the most damn Letus thing possible. they I get that Netflix may not be marketing. they're Indies, the way you may like it, but I will take accessibility over them risking a box-office failure any day. so anyways, this one's interesting because I see people who have been empowered by this little movie on Netflix called the perfection, while others are ready to cancel their cousin's account because they were revolted. see, I think a big factor on whether you like it or not is if you know what the directors inspiration is. because a lot of it comes from Korean cinema. and if you've never seen Eastern films in general, I can definitely see you being taken back by the way that it's it's told, because it's a little bit different than when we have in the u.s. like just the other day, my girlfriend's sister was watching this anime where a guy's hand was being controlled by some parasitic enemy, and then they became best friends while fighting other people with these parasitic bullets. I was just looking at her, and she wasn't even fazed. this was normal to her. Eastern media is a little bit different. but when you got new music from the chromatics in your movie, you got two thriving leads, I'm gonna give it a shot, and then end up going what let me explain. so the movie plays off perspective, kind of like a vantage point, where they replay each act from a different view, so it alters everything you just saw. we begin with a talented cellist named Charlotte who had to leave this SuperDuper special music school because her mom was sick. and at first you think like she kind of regrets leaving. and you kind of get the sense that the first act is all about a rivalry. like Charlotte's upset that this new girl, Lizzie, had a replacer when she had to dip. and now Lizzie's a star pupil and is super successful. she even sees a giant billboard of her with the exact tattoos she got from that school. and so one day, Charlotte travels to China to meet Lizzy at this function the school is running in order to select who's going to be the newest pupil. and right off the bat, they actually really connect with each other, like really connect with each other. now I love reading the behind the scenes to all the movies that I watch, and it was cool to hear that the actress has got a say in those intimate scenes. like they limited the amount of people that were on set. unlike other movies where they have an entire family there for some reason, you they allowed them in the editing Bay to provide input. and that's pretty cool, considering that the Iggie scandal that's going on right now with GQ, one of the biggest magazines out there, leaking are nudes from 2016. like, forget the breach of contract, and trust yeah, that's serious, but can you imagine how many other leaks haven't leaked? and there's a bunch of sleazy productions that are doing who-knows-what with these pictures. it also reminds me of blue is the warmest color, which critics praised. and you know what I always say about this now that that director released a four hour movie at cons, it just follows butts. I'm not kidding. he really released a four-hour cons movie about butts. I've heard it's ass. but it's always funny to hear people backtrack. and now everyone's talking about how blue, his warmest color, wasn't even a good movie. it actually didn't improve LGBT perspectives. it was actually unrealistic. and I'm like, well, y'all still awarded the crap out of that movie. anyways, the two obviously hit it off in this one, and in order to not make it a one-night stand, they decided to spend the next day together before things turned into contagion. at this point, you completely forget about the idea that Charlotte may be jealous of Lizzie, and think that there's actually a disease going on. I thought they had switch John Rah's. I'm second-guessing what's going on here, because Lizzie's vomiting bugs. she is pooping her pants. she has roaches coming out of her hand. and then Charlotte conveniently pulls out a butcher's knife she had in her back pocket and goes, no, you have to do oh, how convenient. [Applause]. so this then becomes the revenge thriller part of the movie. you know, they pull a genie on us and rewind the film to show us how Alison's still not ready to let go of her get out role. and then in the perfection, we're sort of assuming you're coming into it with all the emotional hangover of get out. when you see me on screen, you're not supposed to trust me, and that's okay. and so we see how Charlotte set up the entire thing. she purposefully poisoned Lizzie to make her think she was going crazy, captain cepting her mind with the idea of bug so she could hallucinate them, and eventually drives her to the point of cutting her own arm off. Charlotte's legally safe. Lizzie doesn't have to die, but now she can't ever play the cello again. like, it's actually not a revenge thriller. I don't know how many people saw HBO's The Tale. but I want to plug it here because I would highly recommend that movie. if you liked this movie, I think you'd like to tell. if you hated this movie, I still think you would like to tell because an Act three, we realize how evil this prestigious school actually is. you know how miles got slapped for rushing and dragging? I'll take that over this any day. what's crazy is that there have been real stories of piano players who have placed blades in between the keys of their piano in order to not make mistakes. it became like a Russian roulette type of thing, where in order to reach perfection, you had to pay for your mistakes in blood. and that just makes me go, you know what? I don't know who's reaching perfection, but I've heard the chainsmokers are eaten well, and all they do is play four notes. I'd rather be the chainsmokers who get clowned on every day than to do whatever that held this is. that's how we then get a very different view points of Charlie, one where she's trying to escape the Academy. it wasn't a place she actually wanted to stay in. she wanted to stop being molested, one where she wasn't looking to hurt the other students out of jealousy, but out of necessity. she feels that they wouldn't be able to understand they were being manipulated unless she cut out any ties that they had with it. I don't know if you have to cut my arm of, you know, I think you just slipped me a note and I'll get the point that again, you don't know how effective this brainwashing is. I mean, she went to school there, so Charlotte herself knows how manipulative they can be. and I guess, you know, it's biblical, sometimes you can cut off your lover's arm in order for them to see the truth. the middle then becomes a back-and-forth of not knowing if these two are against each other, like we get trial its point of view, but does Lizzie get it? and remember, it's not just Anton, the teacher who's been doing this tomfoolery. Harvey here has two other brothers who are just as sick as he is, and they're the ones molesting the students. and considering that, they've tied up Charlotte in their special room, a room that's supposed to be so acoustically balanced in order to hear these kids performances in all senses, which is really disgusting. but they forced her to play the cello, and if she messes up, they're gonna punish the newest, youngest pupil who just started. Wow, I am disgusting. I'm now at the edge of my seat, cheering for the girl who I just hated in the last movie I saw because she tried killing her boy, Daniel, when I hero [Music], my disappointment is immeasurable, and my day is ruined. thankfully, they remove the little girl, but that hate you with something even weirder. at this point, Charlotte has to be punished, and Lizzie volunteers to plug her up with her own amputated hand. what the [ __ ] is going on in here on this day? so they were both in on it. it's interesting how one of the main filming techniques that they're using in this movie, besides, you know, rewinding a vantage point style, is the diopter shot, which means that the foreground and the background are both in focus, creating this really interesting plane. you know, there was a couple in the movie us, there was a couple in the movie Mata just came out, but there were more diopter shots in the perfection, and there were Dutch shots in Thor. you can see it as going with the theme of perspective, and how by the end, they were both in the same page per se, so much so that they poisoned the brothers butcher the wife, who, good riddance. you know, these men are sick play. to be complicit, to be as complicit as that way from the tilt, you're disgusting. and then they aim to take out the main boss, the guy who was molesting them all those years. he straight-up filets Charlotte's arm before getting Tim draped. and then they set him down and perform one last duet, complementing each other's missing hands and completing the perfection. well, this was the weirdest fusion dance I've ever seen, as bonkers as it gets. I really liked the lesson that the actress Logan said she got out of it, and that many times we feel so grateful to be a part of something. many times we're just a happy that a group has accepted us, that we allow things to happen. we don't want to push the boundaries, because we should be even thankful to be in there. and it's like, no, you ain't gotta cut my arm off to teach me a lesson. should I have to be this brutal in order for people to understand that there's a lot of other groups that are abusing people? hopefully not. but I guess better that than all of the big celebrities we have now, who, instead of uniting together, spill bad blood over the pettiest things. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. again, very bonkers. hopefully I die. knowing the Korean perspective of it makes you see it a little bit differently. I would highly recommend a lot of Korean films that have this type of psychosexual a lot of Brian DePalma, I guess, is what our American, you know, movies have. that's usually related to but Korean cinemas on a whole nother level when it comes to that. I'm curious to know your thoughts. I know people who hated this movie. like I had asked on Twitter, and the amount of responses I got was insane. it's practically whiplash with spotlight. it's the weirdest thing in the world. I'm curious to see what you guys thought, and I figured I'd make a video for it. react to some of the stuff in there. let me know what other crazy stories are out there. I know a lot of people have been recommending the act from Hulu, and some other stuff that are in theatres, so I'm definitely gonna get to those. but you know, I'm curious. let me know who your favorite character in this was, how crazy you thought it was, if there's even crazier movies out there, kind of like this. let me know. I recommend the tail that's not really on the crazy, entertaining side. that's more on the damn. this is gonna make me think for a long time. if you have an HBO subscription, check that out. I apologize in advance, because it's one of those, like, 12 years of slave movies, where you watch it and it's like you never want to see it again. I don't wanna say grateful, but you're like, damn. I witnessed that, and hopefully I learned something from it. kearson, are your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and we'll consider you perfect 