forgive me. I don't see Prince Doran in your company. he sends his brother, Prince Oberyn, to attend the royal wedding instead. why did you come to King's Landing? Prince Oberyn, the mountain killed my sister. your father gave the order. tell your father I'm here. tell him the Lannisters aren't the only ones who pay their debts. so you admit you murdered qhorin Hovind. the half an believed their only chance to stop mance was to get a man inside his army. while we sit here debating which rules I broke, Mance Rayder marches on the wall with an army of a hundred thousand. there's a band of wildlings south of the wall already led by tormund Giantsbane. I killed their warg and three others. they shot me full of arrows. the orders are to attack Castle black from the south, when mance hits it from the north. they say a thousand slaves died building the Great Pyramid of marine and now an army of former slaves is marching to her gates. I may be a fool. I'm a living fool. thanks to you. I can never repay you you don't need my life. but this, this is worth more than money. now, wear it with pride. Saddam boots, I know him, the small one. his name is polliver. he captured us and took us to Harrenhal. fine little blade. maybe I'll pick my teeth with it. father, if float him peeled a few bits, removed a few others. I needed Theon. I needed him whole. Theon was our enemy. but rake, rake, who never betrayers. Jay has been noticed. Sansa's maid saw you with her. she already told your sister it's only a matter of time before your father hears she won't leave. they've told him this is a dangerous place so many times she no longer believes it. your father has promised to hang the next [ __ ] he finds you with. I can't be in love with the [ __ ]. I can't have children with the [ __ ]. well, when yours have you been with? enjoyed my time with all of them, and I have enjoyed my time with you most of all. but now that time is over. [Music]. [Applause], look for me beneath the trees. no, uncle, you can be my cupbearer. good knees washing down. [Music], you did. he poisoned my son. get him. where are we going? somewhere safe. [Music], I should get back. those are things to look for me. first, you'll want your pay. wait. you did wonderful work on Joffrey. the next one should be easier. in the Seven Kingdoms. plenty worse than me. I just understand the way things are. how many stars they got to behead before you figure it out? Joffrey the user. Joffrey Baratheon, I said those words when I tossed a leech into the fire. the leech filled with bastard blood. soldiers win wars. soldiers on the ground, it's dirty on the ground. we don't have any gold, not yet. I'm running out of time. so Davos, which means you're running out of time. I need you to write a message. go on to the offices of the iron bank of Braavos, from Stannis Baratheon, the one true king of Westeros. what are they saying about me out there? you're to stand trial in a fortnight. so murdering the king. if the wildlings breach the wall, they'll roll over everything and everyone for a thousand miles before they reach an army that can stop me. dear Mary, not Mastin genic 996 on now. Geri clemency. shame of Bourke Easter yelling Jonah's motto. so grace Posey Leo shank Vasquez, Palacio, Nia ryofu's - a mole Valar morghulis, the origin kotas debajo Jeeva Delphis son, buddy UGA, but Jimmy seed, leave us there. Moz MA, [Music]. [Applause]. [Music], where are you taking me? I'm getting married to your aunt Eliza. she's waiting for us at the Eyrie. did you kill Joffrey? did I catch off me? do you remember that lovely necklace Dontos gave you the poison? that was something my new friends wanted very badly. nothing like a thoughtful gift to make a new friendship grow strong. you don't think I'd let you marry that beast to you? I don't understand you. don't you worry yourself about all that the bastards well-liked. you're not what you think. I care if they like me. we're at war for now. but you can't be acting commander forever. there will be a choosing might reconsider his request to march on Craster's let the mutineers take care of snow. well, you might be taking orders from him the rest of your life. Valyrian steel, hmm. you'll use it to defend Ned Stark's daughter. I'll find her. I'm going beyond the wall to Craster's keep. I'm going to capture the mutineers holed up there, or kill them. I'm asking for volunteers to come with me. first of his name, king of the Andals and the first men, and Lord of the Seven Kingdoms. there's other news from young Kai. without the unsullied to enforce your rule, the wise masters have retaken control of the city. and in Astapor, the council you installed to rule over the city has been overthrown by a butcher named Cleon. how can I rule Seven Kingdoms if I can't control slavers Bay? I will not sail for Westeros. what then I will do? what Queens do. I will rule my flesh and blood. it's wonderful to meet you. no one can know you're here. but is in a very precarious position. what wife would do for you? of the things I've done for you, you gave me those drops and told me to pour them into Jon's wine, my husband's wine. but if you like Peter, do with your body unless, oh no, no. our young, pretty body nothing. I'm a bird. you don't lie to me, you'll hurting me. I swear to you that he's never touched me, not once, not ever. who taught you that shines? the greatest swordsman who ever lived. Syrio Forel your friends dead and Meryn trant's not cause Trant had armor and a big [ __ ] sword. get some rest. you move. it's sundown. yeah, that's what [Applause]. five, you want to stay here in Craster's keep burn it to the ground. 