Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before we start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to recap a 2003 Korean Mystery Thriller movie, called Old Boy. This movie is about a man who is captured and imprisoned for 15 years. After he leaves, the outside world is different than he knows. Make sure you watch until the end, because this movie has a plot-twist. So, what will he do after being imprisoned for 15 years? Does he take his revenge? Or does he just live as a normal person? Let\xe2\x80\x99s find it out. The movie starts with a man who is interrogated at the police station. His name is Mr. Oh. He gets caught because he was causing some problem while he was drunk. Even so, he is still drunk and acting weird that makes the police annoyed. He tells the police that today is his daughter\xe2\x80\x99s birthday, so he has to celebrate it with his family. Oh is still arrested for some hours, until his friend comes to pick him up. He leaves the police without any regards and is still teasing them. Before Oh comes back, he calls his daughter to wish on her birthday. He is also forcing his friend to say happy birthday to his daughter. When Mr. Oh\xe2\x80\x99s wife wants to talk with him, but he suddenly disappears without a trace. Few months pass, Mr. Oh finds himself looking up into a small hotel room by himself without any interaction from outside. The only thing that comes from outside is food. He also asks the food servant about the reason for being caught. But, he gets ignored. Few years pass, and he is still trapped without any outside view. Suddenly, a poison gas appears to make him sleep. It is only for some treatment for his clothes, hair and his room. They also took his blood sample. Luckly, He also gets a TV that helps him to learn about the outside world. Even so, he is still frustrated and stressed because his normal life has been taken. He tries many times to end his life, but is always stopped by the captor. They activate the poison gas so they can treat him. One day, Mr. Oh saw the news that his wife was killed and he became the primary suspect. By this moment, he knows that the captor wants to mess up his life and he promises to take revenge on him. He starts to workout, learn from TV and train himself to fight. So, he can kill them all once he leaves. At the same time, he also recalled his memory of his past to find out the men behind this crime. But, he got confused because he had caused too much trouble with so many people in his life. Ten years pass, he tries to make a move. By using a chopstick, he begins to dig a hole through the wall. One by one the bricks have been removed for 4 years, until he can put out and sense the rain by his hand. He feels so excited because he can escape in a short time. But, the captor activates the poison gas. While he is sleeping, a lady comes and hypnotizes him. When he wakes up, he is suddenly at the outside world wearing neat clothes and a watch. There is also a man who wants to end his life. Mr. Oh stop him and ask him anything about the current world. He finds out that he has been trapped for 15 years without communicating with anyone and feels blessed to be able to live again. As Mr Oh leaves, the man falls from the top of the building. While Mr. Oh walks in the city, he tries to take a cigarette from one of the young group men. He misses smoking so much. The young men then want to give lessons to these insolent men but they were beaten by Mr. Oh only using his fist. While he continues to walk in the city, an unknown poor man hands him a full cash wallet and cellphone without knowing anything about who is the giver. Feeling confused, he also feels hungry and stops at a sushi restaurant. While he is about eating, someone calls him and asks about how the clothes were. He is furious and asks loudly who the caller is. He also guessed several names, but all of them are false. The captor says it is not important who he is, but the question should be why. Mr. Oh is trying to ask why he was captured, but the call ended. He tries to think while eating, but suddenly he faints. When he wakes up, he is with the restaurant servant, sleeping in her place. The woman asks him to not do anything foolish, but he is still doing it while she wants to pee. Then, she introduces her name, Mi Do. She also says that she loves him at first sight. Helped by Mi Do, Mr. Oh tries to find his daughter and finds out that she has been adopted and moved overseas. Because of that, he decides to focus on his revenge. He is looking for the restaurant which always served his food during captivity and will never be forgotten. He visits every chinese restaurant there and tastes them one by one until he finds it. He follows the delivery men of this restaurant to the building that has a secret floor before he kills him brutally. There, he finds the man who runs the criminal organization that handles private prison for money. Mr Oh torture him bad until he wants to talk. He never meets his clients ever but he always records their talks. He leaves by taking the records but not as easy as he comes. This organization is backed up by gangsters. Oh fights them all alone by using a hammer on his hand. He's unstoppable even though he's been stabbed in the back. He manages to leave, but he collapses because losing a lot of blood. A pedestrian helps him by calling a taxi and leaves him by saying farewell and with a devilish smile on him. The next day, he finally meets his old friends and asks him for help. They try to trace the captor by using the call records. Turns out, the captor is living in the next Mi Do\xe2\x80\x99s apartment, and his name is Mr. Evergreen. Mr. Oh comes to revenge by killing him by himself. Mr. Evergreen is waiting for him with his bodyguard. Mr Oh cannot hold himself and tries to kill him. But, Mr. Evergreen stops him by telling that he will not know the reason why he imprisoned him for 15 years forever and Mi Do will also be killed. He will also kill himself if Mr. Oh doesn\xe2\x80\x99t find out the answer of the why. Mr. Evergreen leaves Mr. Oh who cannot do anything. While he backs to Mi Do apartment, the previous gangster lead by the crime organization\xe2\x80\x99s owner with Mi Do as hostage. He wants to take revenge to Mr. Oh by torturing them. But, they are stopped by Mr. Evergreen who also brings a bunch of money to free Mr. Oh. After this incident, Mr. Oh tells her everything and they are making love. Suddenly, a poison gas appears and someone is coming. The next day, with suspicious Mr. Oh finally finds out that there is a tracker on his shoes all this time. He and his friends try to solve the mystery by searching out the meaning of evergreen. It leads them to his high school where he found his face. There is also a girl who\xe2\x80\x99s very suspicious that the photo was cropped. From the call, his friend remembers the name of this girl and says that this girl was rumored to be a cheap girl. Appears that the evergreen is there and kills his friend. With his anger he tells Mr. Oh that his sister was not a cheap girl. Suddenly, Mr. Oh can recall his past memory. Mr. Oh comes to the evergreen building with his answer. He explains that the main reason is because he was the one who spread the rumor of his sister as a cheap girl. He also says that the one who played with her is no one but his brother. He saw it by himself and the rumor, that his sister was pregnant, was spread accidentally. Afraid that everyone would know his illicit relationship, he killed his sister. Mr. Evergreen refuses it by saying that Mr. Oh\xe2\x80\x99s tongue and the gossip are the ones who made her pregnant. He starts to tell him the truth. Besides imprisoning him, he also hypnotized him and Mi-Do. Turns out, Mi-Do is his daughter who has changed her identity using hypnosis. Can\xe2\x80\x99t hold himself, Mr. Oh attacks Evergreen but is defended by his bodyguard. They fight until the bodyguard wants to kill him so bad. Mr. Evergreen kills his bodyguard because not want Mr. Oh to die so easily. He must feel the pain for the rest of his life regarding Mi Do knowing that he is his father and they also have an illicit relationship. Mr. Oh begs him so badly and acts like a dog for not telling his daughter about it. Because Mr. Evergreen ignores him, he begs him more by cutting his tongue. Satisfying with his evil plan , Mr. Evergreen promises to not tell her and he leaves. At the end of the movie, Mr. Evergreen kills himself as he is satisfied with revenge. Meanwhile, Mr. Oh asks the woman to hypnotize him to be able to have two personalities, the one who knows everything and the second one who does not know the true identity of Mi Do. After that, Mi Do is looking for her and hugs him. She tells him that she loves him so much. Mr. Oh is happy to hear that, but no longer after that, he must endure his pain in whole life. Subscribe to watch more videos like this. Turn on notifications, like, and comment to help out our channel. Thank you for watching, and see you, next time. 