welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host. definition in this video, we're breaking down the five bloods on netflix. the spike lee film feels like it's come at just the right time, and it features several comments on society. throughout this video, we'll be discussing those its ending the cool little post credits scene and our general thoughts on the movie. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't seen the film yet, then i highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel, and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of the five bloods. okay, so the five bloods follows four vietnam vets returning to the country to search for the remains of their squad leader and gold that they left there during the war. it's a pretty simple concept, but due to the events that happened to the characters, things become a lot more complicated. throughout this video, i'm probably gonna be saying things that may either make you agree with me or disagree. so to keep things balanced, i'll remove my personal opinion from things and just discuss how they're portrayed in the film. i will say, each side has elements that they get right. each side has elements that they get wrong. and i'd of course love to open up a discussion in the comments on whether you agree with the way that things are put across in the movie or not. or you can just dislike the video. it's entirely up to you. anyway, we follow paul, david, otis, eddie and melvin. these characters are named after the group the temptations. and throughout they all deal with their own temptations, which is a terrible pun, one of my worst. but i think that their names were purposely chosen because it shows the bond between the group and the brotherhood that they develop whilst touring. the storyline is very straightforward, and it follows the four in pulse and david as they go to vietnam looking for the gold and the remains of norman. after inadvertently entering a minefield, eddie is killed, and david steps on a mine, but is saved by the rest of the group and three white activists that just so happen to be passing. paul orders them to be tied up, and after having a change of heart, the rest of the group free them, which angers the character. mercenaries arrive to take the gold from them, and it's revealed that they've been hired by a duplicitous character named roche that originally agreed to help them transport the treasure. paul goes into the jungle alone, is bitten by a snake, and he confronts his past. he's killed by the rosh's men before they descend onto the rest of the group, killing the majority of them, except for david, otis, hidy and simon. at the end, the gold is donated to black lives matter, the group hidey was a part of. and otis decides to have a life with the daughter that he never got a chance to that's the basic plot, and there are a lot more nuances going on, but i just thought i'd give a general overview before i discuss about the commentary and the meaning behind everything in the movie. now, one of the main things you might notice straight away is that the film has four aspect ratios that all represent different moods, concepts and ideas. the past is shot in a box format, which was common during the 70s for news reports. and this gives the flashback scenes a feeling of authenticity. it also adds a sort of idealized version of the past, which many of the characters struggle with in the present. whilst in the city. the movie is shot in letterbox format, which gives the feeling of it being a film. this method of filming is used primarily across movies and netflix shows, and to me, it represents how vietnam has become an almost americanized version of the country. even though they won the war, corporations have taken over the major cities. and thus the film is shot with a typical american style. the film switches to a super right format when the group are documenting their journey. and lastly, it goes full screen when they enter the jungle. this is to show how expansive the landscape is and how it almost envelopes them in every way. tamiya also showcases that they have entered the real world and are either a stylized version of the past or an almost corporate version of the cities. these subtle differences really add to the movie in several ways, and it helps us to distinguish between what's really going on in the locations i also love that they use rambo-esque music in the past, and it really helps to bring the historical elements to life. they also ride into vietnam on a boat, whilst flight of the valkyries play, which was often used on helicopter speakers to intimidate the viet cong. it's clear that lee did his research, as the movie is thriving with historical clips and speeches that add evidence to what the director is trying to say. from the off, we hear of squad leader norman, who is labeled as the greatest soldier of all time. he represents an idealized version of the past that shows the contradictions laced throughout how we view history. if he really was the greatest soldier of all time, then one could argue that he wouldn't have been killed. and though we learned that this was actually at the hands of paul, there are clearly faults to his legend. to me, this comments on how we often idealize the past and tend to view it with rose tinted glasses. paul wears a hat that says, make america great again. but it could be argued that if the country was so great, it wouldn't have led to the way that things currently are, where there are heavy divisions. this is something that i've seen the director and cass comment upon, and it's clear from the way that lee talks about things that he definitely doesn't agree with trump. so i think this message is coming across strongly here. but again, i could be wrong, and this is just how i'm interpreting the film from what i've seen people say. it's also worth noting that this hat is passed from porter de roche, showing the symbolic passing of the hard work of the african-american, then being taken by a white figurehead and labeled as theirs. the fact that paul was the one that killed norman and not the viet cong also shows that it is human nature to often bring an end to the ones that are closest to us. and this is done through fear and reacting without thinking. this is something that we see paul demonstrate in the film. and he hides from the past and refuses to accept his deeds until the end, which could also symbolize how we brush over the more darker side of our history in order to not accept some of the atrocities we've committed. paul himself is seen as a contradiction that claims to want the best for him and those around him, but he lashes out, betrays those that help to save his son's life and even calls his own child a backstabber. this is a haunting line, that are his last words to david. though he does get some closure in the form of a letter, it is quite sad that this is the last thing that his father actually says to him. now coupled with this, david represents the american soldiers that fought in vietnam. here is a young man that was promised something greater by his elders, but ultimately this turned out to be untrue. the relationship that the pair have is a harsh one, and clearly paul holds a grudge against david for something he couldn't control, which was the death of his mother and paul's wife. paul's a flawed man that clearly has very different views from his son. and where he is a right-wing trump supporter, david views the president as a clansman. in the oval office, there are also comments on how history has been whitewashed in several ways, such as george washington being a slave owner, even though he's seen as one of the greatest presidents of all time. and paul very much demonstrates the idea of how lee views the vietnam war. this is late throughout the opening, in which we see muhammad ali saying that he refused the draft because he didn't want to go and kill other people in the mud for a country that hates him. because of refusing to go to war, ali was banned from boxing for three years. and though this was overturned, if he had ended up going to vietnam, he would have fought in a war that many were protesting against, and one that we look back on is unjust now. mirroring this speech with muhammad ali, the film ends with one by martin luther king, a man that wanted peace, who was ultimately assassinated because people disagreed with him. norman is very much a martin luther king like figure that wants peace more than anything, and he too dies because of it. norman wanted unity, whereas paul is willing to blindly turn against those that he should have a bond with because someone in power tells him to. he says he suffers from ptsd, through ghosts that visit him, was labelled a baby killer and spat on by those that didn't serve. and it may have changed how he viewed nationality, and in doing so, made him turn to a political figure that claimed to be able to turn the nation back to what it was before he was hated for his role in the war. this idea of trying to dig up the past in order to get something back is echoed in their other quest to find norman's remains. ultimately, trying to go back to this does very little in the grand scheme of things, and they realize that they're still where they were at. i love the line in which paul tells derose that if it wasn't for americans in world war ii, that he would be speaking german. and this carries a lot with it. it shows that he's ignorant to the actual history and how all nations came together to stop the country during the war, and that this version of history in which america saved everyone, simply isn't the truth. this is similar to how african-american contributions are often overlooked in favor of a white-washed version of history in which they didn't play that big of a part, even though the facts tell us otherwise. paul initially doesn't even want to see norman, and he tells him to go away, suggesting that, like many, he's unable to deal with the true realities of the past. african-american soldiers far outweighed any of the demographics in the conflict, yet rambo is often showed as the face of the war. similar eddie is thought of as a rich man that has his face all over companies. but we learn he doesn't really own anything and is broke. so he's labeled as having achieved something, when really he didn't. and it's others that did the work. when they learned that martin luther king has been assassinated, paul wants blood, but norman says that they must have peace. when they discover the gold, others want it for the community, but paul wants it for himself. this short-sighted, selfish view ultimately leads to him being alone and dying filled with regret over the things he did and the way that he treated his son. the others, however, die as part of something, or go on to reach a more hopeful outcome. the movie opening with ally and ending with king. does indeed show us these divisions. ali was a fighter that ultimately refused to fight against those he viewed as similar to himself. and norman was a peaceful man that wished to one day see a version of america that was truly equal. in the film, both figures were killed, but they died with the hope that things would change. it's said that money is the root of all evil. and this is exemplified in paul, who leaves his newly shot son in order to go into the jungle with his share of the gold. his greed is ultimately what does him. this is how the movie challenges us. and now paul is initially thought of as a bad person. in the end, he does stick by the other bloods, refusing to sell them out. this shows that he accepts that they are fighting for the same fight. and after speaking to norman and seeing the reality of this situation, he realizes that it's wrong to go against those he has something in common with in order to serve powers above that don't really care if he lives or dies. derose throws to make america great again. kappa otis at the end, showing that he didn't really care for its ideals and was just perhaps using it as a way to profit. however, he's killed, and otis gets to live, leading to the movie getting a somewhat happy ending. otis builds a relationship with his daughter, a woman he knew nothing about, but finally embraced in order to move forward. this could exemplify how we must embrace all facets of our history, even the ones that we are initially ignorant to, in order to move forward into a new direction. money is given to melvin's family from the gold and also donate it to black lives matter and heidi's foundation for landmines. this shows to me that they're trying to donate to the future in order to get things better, whilst also accepting culpability for the past and the weapons that we use to harm people. during the war, heedi feels complicit for france colonising vietnam, and she's now paying back through helping the country. norman's remains return, and we end on a message of hope, with david teaching black history at school. martin luther king takes us out, saying that there's hope for the future, but we must accept the past wrongdoings and try to come to an understanding with one another, otherwise both sides will suffer. never has this message been more important now and in the air that has truly beaten humanity from all angles, it's a very important thing to embrace. we must look to things that unify us and not divide us. and that is the true message of the film. the movie ends with the entire crew together in a post-credits scene, saying, [ __ ], i know this is very short and sweet. it reminds us well we have, we have been through some sheet, but we can get through it together. it's also a call back to the wire, which i appreciate. now, before we get into my final thoughts, i just want to let you know we're giving away a free copy of the marvel phase three, part two box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the film in the comments section below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 15th of june, and the set will be shipped out from then to over against the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. so what did i think of the film itself? well, i'm sure you can guess, i absolutely love the movie. and i think it's one of spike lee's best i haven't seen his entire body of work, but this definitely stands at the top. and it provides a lot of social commentary without being too heavy-handed. in the wake of the black lives matter protests, this film is needed now more than ever, and it comes at just an incredible time. i definitely think that this provides a hopeful message, and it's something that we shouldn't shy away from. overall, i really enjoyed the film, and it gets a 9 out of 10. now obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the movie and what you took from it. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. make sure you check out our breakdown of the entire mcu timeline, which is going to be linked at the end. we go through the chronology of the infinity saga, scene by scene. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more, if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. if you want to come chat yourself to the show, either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with the channel. and thanks for sticking with me till the end. hope you have a great weekend. take care. [Music]. you 