dexter morgan, good suburban husband, happy father of three, living the dream. i want to know his secret. daddy kills people. it's me again. this isn't crazy, crazy. good. i'm halfway through the ci files you gave me. maybe then i'll finally get some answers. i brought you a copy of my article. my editor. okay, to follow up. you got anything for me? i'd love to take you out for a drink. my favorite serial killer hunter. are you here on a case? actually, i'm retired now. now i have the time to track down the one twisted son of a [ __ ] who got away, mr morgan, the defendant's name is benito gomez. i must have brought the wrong notes. wrong notes, wrong blood type, wrong case. that's what you call a momentary mix-up in a murder trial. i call him the trinity killer. kills and threes. been doing it all over the country for years. trinity's in miami. dexter. it's turning a cycle home an [ __ ] you let walk. benito gomez, ah, now you get it right. found in the bathtub, 1979. right? quinn's leg work may have shown me where to find our friend, but this benny my blood work is the stuff that seals your fate. [ __ ] you one. tonight's the night i finally sleep. do you know where you are? you know, it's what happened. you were in an accident. what i have with anton, it's, it's great. i [ __ ] love you. bad news is that you sustained a concussion. i'd like to keep you here for observation. oh my god. oh, just a little fender bender. doc says i'm good to go. the reason i'm in miami is because i'm convinced these bathtub murders are connected to a series of murders all over the country. you got a minute? i'd uh like to pick your brain. lisa bell, the girl in the bathroom. string of robberies turn deadly in what authorities are now calling the vacation murder. trinity is going to kill again, another woman older than lisa bell this time. but the person that you should really be talking to is my sister. she's lead on. lisa bell, you thought it was a fender bender. well, i'm sure they're the bent vendor somewhere in this mess. oh my god, peter, what are you doing here? you lied to me. dexter, don't sweat it, quinn, i've got much bigger things to worry about. always the same three kills with trinity, a young woman in a bathtub, followed by a mother falling to her death, [Music], and ending with a man getting bludgeoned. bundy has this theory, you don't work for lundy. you're welcome to pursue this, but between the vacation murders and lisa bell, i think you're going to be very busy. if this is the latest victim of lundy's trinity killer, then he's a very different monster than i am. the sandpiper hotel wants to book my band for a one-month gig. best of all, it means no more time away from you. wow, that's great. i have to admit, i'm glad the killer chose this city, knowing i'd find you here. let them miss intently. i need this as much as you do. there's a hunch that the dead woman is connected to this big serial killer case. lindy always gets his man, well, so do i. i'm not gonna tell you who the date's not in my business. but you should know there's no such thing as off the record with reporters. so watch the pillow talk with that woman. super pathways. you have not been the most present father and husband. trinity is likely someone who's gone his own solitary way through life. we're foregone all but the most rudimentary of human connections. lone wolf porter, after she put lundy's name in the paper, tell me, is this conversation gonna end up in the paper too? cause you have no idea the shitstorm you've got me into. find yourself another source. what traffic attorney, jenny, you have to tease another four. so sorry. i wasn't watching where i was going. white mail my eyes blue. something in them. i get a gig in town to spend more time with you. you spend all your time with your ex. i think we should inform the brass about our relationship. it's none of their business. don't go disappearing on me again. not it. deb's alive. they're taking it to the hospital. who did this? he says it's smelling like the vacation murders ammo. and that's lundy. this department can't risk a defense attorney turning your romantic involvement into a courtroom sideshow. every time you work a case together. what are you saying? i am saying i need you to transfer sergeant batista out of homicide. if it was trinity, it'd explain why deb is alive and lundy isn't. i'm gonna follow lundy's theory and check his hotel room for clues. you can't let these be logged into evidence. you got hung up on the phone. your landlord called. oh, i was just hanging onto the place until the lease ran out. why'd you tell me you got rid of it? you made me do this so you didn't have an affair with my father. i don't know who you're looking for, honey, but it ain't me. okay, what are you doing? i've been going over everything collected from lundy's hotel. some of it's missing. trinity is a husband, a father. he's like me. nikki wall didn't kill lundy. how do you know? because somebody stole lundy's trinity research. and there's only one person who'd have a reason to do that, me. trinity. arthur mitchell kyle butler, four walls, one heart. we build homes for the homeless. still so much to learn about handling the kids and the wife just to decide what's more important. my job to each other. it's over. right? sorry. if you could just help me get an interview with deborah morgan, you got to be kidding me. it'd be a hero piece about the shooting. no, i know almost everything about you, arthur, except where you hide. the dates and locations from lundy's books, arthur's been using four walls builds around the country as a cover to kill don't [ __ ] call me dirty. last thing i need is a cop mad at me. he's hiding in plain sight, right in the center of his family. how does he do it? judging from the spray, we're looking at somebody tall, over six feet. smudge you found at the crime scene, cremated human remains. you got the killer's goddamn dna. you need to kill it. no, here's your weapon. or maybe not kill him. now, the killer is related to the human remains, same family, the same dna. he keeps his family with him all the time. the reason you're stalling on killing trinity, i still have things to learn from him. vera mitchell, sister of arthur mitchell, found dead in a bathtub. i am no longer seeing lieutenant. we broke up officially. if i find out this is [ __ ], there will be consequences, severe career-ending consequences. wendy came to miami to hunt this guy. i think he got too close, and i think it got him killed. and me shot. the killer leaves the ash as his signature, making his vicks point at it. either i get a lead that bleeds, or basically i'm done. how tall was my shooter? my height then it wasn't trinity, nope. [ __ ] it sweeps connected to the shootings of agent lundy. i know it's really tough for reporters right now, so maybe instead of this one, i can give you that interview you've been wanting from me. going out of town. yeah, on a four walls build, an out-of-town build. is his cycle starting over again? no, you're mine. arthur mitchell, you just got a reprieve. i'm married. we have this connection. i have dexter. imagine looking into the eyes of the person you love, watching as he takes his last breath. how much did you tell christine about the lundy shooting? i learned my lesson. i never even took the lundi files out of the station. how did she know that? okay, don't touch my sister. all started. mira saw me. i startled her and she slipped, shattered the shower doors. the glass sliced her leg. she was dead by the time the ambulance came. hi dad. you i should have [ __ ] killed you when i had the chance. you sure got to the crime scene fast. there's no traffic at 5am. but dispatch didn't put out the call until 505. you were the first reporter on scene at 5 20. how's this for outside the box. christine's the same height as the shooter. i protected you an fbi agent. blondie, i shot it. no way, christina, anything to do with shooting you or like you've been dating her for, what, two months? she's [ __ ] related to trinity. if i can make the police think the trinity killer is someone else, arthur's all mine, a d coin. i need to make sure the police find arthur's dna. stan beaudry is now the trinity killer. it's not three victims he leaves behind. it's four. oh my god. the boys begin the cycle. [Music], stay the hell away from my wife. did you and my father have a romantic relationship. i was one of his girlfriends. if that's what you're asking your brother, who are you, kyle? what is it you want? i killed lindy. wait, no, don't. don't. hello, dexter morgan. disappear from my life. i couldn't care less about your life. dexter morgan, great. i'll start booking flights to the hotel. hey, gotta go. christine hill just committed suicide in front of you four hours ago. now take a personal date. you're my husband. i have a wife. do we move in together? married people do that. the extra killer. brian moser, laura moser. she had two little boys down here. let's check every trinity city for missing ten-year-olds. we may be looking at a whole new pattern. brian and dexter moser [Music]. [ __ ], someone stole something from me, and i'm gonna find him. my father, c.i. lara moser was murdered in that shipping container. he grew up to be the ice drug killer. debra morgan, [ __ ], deborah astor and cody disney world awaits. they'll be safe. there a few loose ends of time at work, and i'll see you tonight. can't wait. i found another ci. dad was sleeping with a woman named laura moser. does that mean lara moser is your biological mother? you've been the one constant, the one constantly good thing in my life. [Music], hello arthur mitchell. you can't control the demon inside of you any more than i could control my dope. it wasn't such a rush to get harrison organized. i forgot my id for the plane, so i'm zooming home for it means it'll be hey. [Music], but it doesn't matter what i do. [Music], what i choose. i'm what's wrong. [Music], you 