hello. what's going on, guys? welcome back for another show. today I'm gonna introduce you a sci-fi thriller film the doomsday, on some day in the future Scotland, where a deadly virus has outspread the whole country and infected its citizens too massive horrible death. unable to contain the rapid outbreak, the British Army has to weld up the border gate, trying to prevent any Runaways out of the infected area. while a squad of soldiers still left inside are about to evacuate from the quarantine zone by helicopter. a mother cry bags the soldiers to take her baby out. if no more room for too many people in the helicopter, a soldier decides to give his room for the baby. not long after, the British government builds a massive iron wall surrounding a round with mines planted under the water and cross-border, which isolates Scotland from the rest of Great Britain. inside the quarantine Scotland people run into big chaos without any law and order. but due to the deadly virus, the whole infected area dies down slowly within months into a dead, silent hell. 27 years later, after the start of quarantine, police officers happen to discover some people infected, dead by the virus during their routine investigation in London, where the government officials are highly alerted by the virus. reaching into Britain, Prime Minister shares the satellite footage showing some survivors have been incredibly found in Scotland. based on that, they believe a cure to the virus may exist in the infected area. Prime Minister suit orders to send a team into Scotland to find the survivors and the Cure. they choose a tough agent, Eden, to take charge of this mission, whose the exact little baby saved by the government 27 years ago. but for eating, this mission is also personal, as she hopes to find her mother's survived or not. Eden is told a doctor who conducted the research on the virus vaccine might be still contained in that area. as he's late for that evacuation, it's better for her to find out the doctor with any possible vaccine. even soon heads to the border to join her team. with the iron wall cut open, the team crosses the wall all the way to a deserted building where the doctor's last known location is supposed to be. after arrival, they spread out for search. the driver in the armored truck identifies a survivor through the surveillance camera. without following the instructions from Eden, the driver carries the weak survivor back into the truck. while suddenly, Eden and her team in the building are ambushed by a group of barbarians. despite their gunfire, the team suffers heavy casualties. they managed to escape into an elevator, cut off its cable and bond to the bottom for supporting counter force, so as to prevent the elevator from crashing down on the ground. at the same time, the two trucks are under attack with flames from the barbarians. on their retreat, the driver get his throat cut by the girl who saved inside by him, but a suicide bomb is thrown out, taking both lives. another truck comes to the basement to pick up Eden and her team, but at the time, they're running away from this area. its driver gets shot dead suddenly, which rolls over the truck. after a fierce resistance against gangs of barbarians approaching near, the team lose their control and get captured. up with only two members escape down. it turns out this is a huge gang of brutal cannibals. Eden's hung up and interrogated by the gangs leader, who plans to use her as leverage to cross the iron wall, allowing his army to start their invasion of England. the leader then leaves for the sacrificial ceremony where Eden's fellow is burned alive with his flesh shared to the mat cannibals. edan tricks to provoke and overwhelm the security guard before she takes key out of the dungeon. she then finds a girl locked in the cell who's named Kali and claims to be the doctor's daughter. but while she's gonna release Kali out, a female cannibal shows up to attack, eaten out of sudden, but get killed by edon instead. after that, Eden escapes out with Kali and plans to meet her two team fellows at a safe location, who get caught up with the chasing cannibals on a bus and strive their best to get rid of them before the two successfully make it to the meeting point. right at that critical moment, the team are helped to escape out the cannibal territory on a train, where Kali reveals that the man who just helped them out is her brother. they are both the children of the doctor the team are looking for. nevertheless, being unsatisfied with the doctor father's rule, the brother sets apart with his father by creating his own rebels. not long after, the train comes to a stop, Kali leads them into a secret tunnel under a mountain, all the way out to the other side, where they're arrested by the soldiers. armed with archaic weapons and armor. they are taken to a medieval castle with a community there, we're all living a lifestyle totally different from the cannibals. the team are then brought before the doctor, but the community's so-called general. right now, Eden tells the doctor the exact mission her team are here for, but never expects the answer that there's no cure at all, only people with natural immunity. since the doctor and his family are left behind by the government during the quarantine, he would not offer any single help to the people outside the iron wall, but rather, he sentences the team to death and keeps them in prison. meanwhile, on the other side, the virus takes an outbreak in London, and seems to have spread to most of the ordinary people. right before, the Prime Minister plans to retreat government officials to an isolated fortress underground, and infected breaks inside and tries to kill him. although the infected is soon shot down, his blood splatters on the face of the Prime Minister, who has been taken up for quarantine. but the abandoned Prime Minister fears the infection and chooses to end his life by himself under the death sentence. Eden is brought out into a dead duel with medieval knights for the entertainment of all followers. there. under the violent attack from the knight, who was armed up even to his finger, Eden has no edge with her bare fists but to run and hide, waiting for any chance to strike back. she soon got their weakness and killed the Knights under heavy armour. meanwhile, the other team fellow strike the security guards down by surprise and managed to release Kali and retrieves their weapons before they escape out of the prison. when knowing the unrest of the team, the doctor bursts into anger and orders to execute even the mediately. but during a big chaos, due to explosion inside, the team safe, Eden out and escape away from the castle. they soon reach an underground facility in the forest where they find an intact, modern automobile. but right before their run away, the doctor's men comes after and shot at a team fellow who's about to shut down the tunnel gate. Eden and her left team get no choice but to drive fast out of the tunnel. during their way back to the border, Eden tells the government they've got the cure and asks for the backup for evacuation. but unexpectedly, they are intercepted by the cannibals, who seeks to avenge for the lost. Eden fears for nothing and rushes the car into the gang. after a high-speed chase, the cannibals come close and try to jump into Eden's car. thanks to her driving skills as a trained agent, eating, manages to kill many of the following cannibals. however, the leader goes on rampage and is still attached on the top. so eden takes the chance by crashing into a big bus in the way, with the leader stuck in the big explosion. the survivors soon reached the meeting point with the government helicopter. eden hands the virus, pure cali to the new prime minister. to her surprise, the Prime Minister seems unwilling to make the vaccine right now, but rather, he would only offer the vaccine after all of the infected die away, just for safe of his continuous rule over England. but he never expects that this is recorded down by Eden secretly. Eden decides to stay in the quarantine area. she visits her hold home in search of her mother and family memories. if she gives her old boss that recording, which is later broadcast to the whole country. whereas in goes deep alone inside the cannibal community, or before the gang, she throws their leaders head onto the ground. the gang remains silent for a moment, before all cheering up, accepting Eden as their new leader. this is Daniel CC, movie review. see you all next time with more shows. bye. 