[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. with the finale of Game of Thrones right around the corner, many are waiting in anticipation to see what could happen in the show's last few episodes. however, the climactic ending may have already been revealed on reddit by a riposte that has since been deleted via not though, we've got all the information you need in regards to what happens. and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the ending. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you don't want to have the finale of the show room for yourself, then I highly suggest that you turn off. now, we won't know if this is the case until we see the show for ourselves, so take everything with a grain of salt. but if you checked out my Avengers and game breakdown, then you'll know that these leaks tend to be pretty accurate. so this is your last, last, last chance to stop the video. without the way. huge. thank you for clicking on this video. I hope you enjoy it. now, sit back, relax, and let's get into my breakdown of the Game of Thrones Season 8 spoilers. okay, so the post comes from mr. freeze knight king, who was banned from reddit after posting the leaks due to multiple reports validating the claims made by the user. Frieza. Knight King did correctly leak beerus turning on dani through deciding that john would be a better leader. and they did rightly state that missandei would lose her head at the hands of Cersei and the mountain, which, of course, came true. they stated in episode 5 that re-aired the Hound in Jaime Lannister infiltrate King's Landing through a sewer system. but Jaime is caught and imprisoned in the red keep at Dragonstone. that Daenerys, his paranoia heats the boiling point when she realizes that Varys and Tyrion plan on the train here. she puts them both on trial, which leads to the latter being spared, but the former, Varys getting burned alive. it's at this point that Dany discovers that it was Sansa that out her and Jon's relationship with each other. as well as Jon's true identity, which sets up a conflict between the two. per episode six, the show then jumps to the Battle of King's Landing. with Greyjoy's fleet joining the fight, and with Danny riding her last dragon, drogon, the two are able to surprise and kill urine. this causes the golden company to break their contract, and from this, they all stand down and surrender. Cersei panics, you to this, and frees Jaime, and along with him and the mountain, she retreats to her chambers. John grey worm and Davos rushed the landing, but Cersei is actually stabbed by Jaime in the stomach. this mirrors the death of Tulisa stark at the red wedding. but then a big twist comes with Jaime pulling back his face to reveal a he's actually area. this ties in with what the red woman said, with her stating that area will close many eyes, including green ones, which, of course, says he has. the Hound bursts in at this point and kills the mountain. and everything seems like it's over. however, Daenerys, wracked with paranoia, has slowly become the Mad Queen. and with her dragon, she burns hundreds of civilians, soldiers and the red keep Arya is wounded during this, but the Hound overcomes his fear of fire to save her. during this, the real Jaime crawls over to Cersei, and the two die together, side by side. the final episode involves the survivors of the battle realizing that Dany isn't fit to lead and taking her down. in the finale, Dany accuses bran Sam and Sansa of treason, which forces Jon to reveal he is the real heir. John kills Daenerys, but he decides to relinquish the throne to bran. now people who've read this seem pretty mad at the final twist, so I don't know if it will be the case, because, in my opinion, it's so bad that there's no way this could be real. I guess we will see, though. but that doesn't end the show. and the finale actually closes on John going back to the wall, which is being rebuilt due to Browns magic. John searches for tormund and finds dismembered wildling bodies arranged in the White Walkers spiral, which showcases that they've not been defeated and will be back. and that's all of the spoilers that we have in regards to season 8. whether it comes true or not, we'll see. but it is quite interesting and definitely fits in with the tone of the show and how it's going so far. obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on these leaks, and if you think that they will happen. there's quite a lot of people angry with how the show has been going for the final season. so of course, I'd love to see what other people think of it. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of every episode in the season so far, including all of my fan theories, which will be linked in a playlist at the end. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 