cinema synopses, spoiler alert. in 1988, following his mother's death, a young Peter quill is abducted from Earth by the Ravagers, a group of space pirates led by yondu udonta. 26 years later, on the planet of more egg, quill steals an orb, but is attacked by Cora, a subordinate to the fanatical Creed Ronan. although quill escapes with the orb, yondu discovers his theft and issues a bounty for his capture. I will find you. I put a bounty on him. while Ronan sends the assassin Gamora after the orb. [Music], what a bunch of losers. when quill attempts to sell the orb\xc3\xa1n's and our capital of the Nova Empire has commissioned, Gamora ambushes him and steals it. fight ensues, drawing in a pair of Bounty Hunter, the genetically and cybernetically modified raccoon, rocket and the tree like humanoid grouped, a humanoid plant that's been traveling recently as 89 p13. he's personal hospital under arrest. Nova Corps officers capture the for detaining them in the kiln. a powerful inmate. there Drax attempts to kill Gamora due to her association with Ronan, who killed his family. quill convinces Drax that Gamora can bring Ronan to him, though Gamora reveals that she has betrayed Ronan, unwilling to let him use the orbs power. they learned that Gamora has a buyer for the orb. meanwhile, Ronan meets with gamora's adoptive father, Thanos, to discuss her betrayal. the group makes a plan to escape the kiln, but the plan goes wrong when Groot steals the battery before the group is ready. quill, Gamora, rocket root and Drax work together to escape the kiln in quills ship. the Milano. quills group flee to nowhere, a remote criminal outpost in space, built in the giant severed head of a celestial the group meet gamora's contact, the collector ten'll ear to ven. meanwhile, a drunken Drac summons Ronan - then opens the orb, revealing an infinity stone. these stones that can only be brandished by beings of extraordinary strength, an item of immeasurable power that destroys all but the most powerful beings who wield it. you to ven's tormented assistant, Karina, grabs the stone, stand back, triggering an explosion that engulfs two vans are kind Onan arrives and fights with Drax, while the others flee by ship, pursued by Ronan's followers and gomorrah's adoptive sister, nebula. ronan seemingly kills Drax. nebula destroys gomorrah's chef, leaving her floating in space. and Ronan's fighters capture the orb. quill contacts yondu before following Gamora into space, giving her his helmet to survive. yondu arrives and retrieves the pair. on Ronan's flagship, the dark aster, ronan embeds the stone in his Warhammer, taking its power or himself. he contacts Thanos, threatening to kill him after first destroying Xander. hateful of her adoptive father, nebula allies with Ronan. you kill him, I will help you destroy a thousand rocket. Drax and Groot threatened to attack yondu's ship to rescue them, but quill negotiate the truce, promising the orb to yondu. quills group agrees that facing ronan means certain death, but that they cannot let him use the infinity stone to destroy the galaxy. the Ravagers and quills group join with the Nova Corps to confront the dark aster at Xander's he says he's an a-hole, but he's not 100% a dick. do you believe that? he is here to help ya with quills group reaching the dark aster with the mulana, ronan uses his an empowered Warhammer to destroy the Nova Corps fleet help us fight Ronan. Gamora fights and defeats nebula, who then escapes. [Music]. but the group find themselves outmatched by Ronan's power, until rocket crashes a Ravager ship through the dark Astrid the damaged dark aster, crash lands on Xander, with Groot sacrificing himself to shield the group. [Music] Ronen emerges from the rack and prepares to destroy Xandar, but quill distracts him in You, allowing Drax and rocket to destroy Ronan's Warhammer. quill grabs the freed stone and with Gamora, Drax and rocket sharing its burden, immortal home, where the guardians of the galaxy, they use it to destroy Ronan. in the aftermath, quill tricks yondu into taking a container supposedly containing the stone and gives the real stone to the Nova Corps. as the Ravagers leaves, and our yondu remarks that it turned out well that they did not deliver quill to his father per their contract. quills group, now known as the guardians of the galaxy, have their criminal records expunged, and quill learns that he is only half human, his father being part of an ancient, unknown species. quill finally opens the last present he received from his mother, a cassette tape filled with her favorite songs. the Guardians leave in the rebuilt Milano along with a sapling cut from Groot in a post-credits scene to Vance it's in his destroyed archive with two of his living exhibits, a canine cosmonaut and an anthropomorphic duck. keep watching for some fun Easter eggs and trivia from guardians of the galaxy. when arrested, rockets attributes list his known associates, Groot and Lilla. lady Lilla is a sentient otter and a soul mate to rock it in the Marvel Universe. the collectors residence in the film is the Space Station, nowhere in the comics nowhere is the base of the guardians of the galaxy. [Music], yondu's primary weapon is a sentient arrow. in the comics, yondu was an archer. Cosmo, a telepathic dog from the early Soviet space missions and member of the guardians of the galaxy. in the comics, has a cameo during the collector scenes on knowhere. the film was released 28 years to the day after the 1986 Marvel movie Howard the Duck. the title character appears in the post-credits sequence. Stanley makes his usual cameo as a perverted xandarians citizen that rocket scans while looking for a bounty. Lee got this cameo because, although he did not create the guardians of the galaxy, he is the official co-creator of the character Groot, along with Jack Kirby and Dick iers. Vin Diesel recorded all his lines in several different languages, including Russian, Mandarin, Spanish, Portuguese, German and French, so that they could use his real voice in the film. around the world. French, this we grouped. Spanish. soy guru, Mandarin, whoa Seagal ooh. [Music], you 