the Internet is a soul killer. stay clear, but if you can. that's right. the Internet is a soul killer, except, of course, for this channel. guys. buddy and Ryan here. Ryan Eric P on Twitter. buddy Hutton on Twitter. what's up, guys. we're gonna break down preachers season - all season long, every single episode. and please let us know if we mess up anything from the comics, any Easter eggs, any references? here we go. let's jump into episode 1 of season 2. buddy won't stop singing. great voice, guys. on the road is this episode's title. and basically that's what it is. it's the start of a road trip, picking up from last season. and this is kind of where, this where the comics started. we're jumping into the road trip to find God with Jesse, tulip and Cassidy. and we're also talking about foreskin. foreskins, guys, I looked it up because I was like, no way. this isn't a thing. it's a thing. 70 million baby boys are skin right? severed. Harris played off. show me the bloody warehouses. but you don't want to know what they're using for. Oprah did a show about it. there's its stem cells from baby foreskins. one baby foreskins is worth about $100,000 worth of fibroblasts treatments. so if you guys want to go get fibroblasts from baby foreskins, you can lawyer. you know, the more you know, that's right, guys. we've got a whole, like, 70s grindhouse car chase. it was awesome. with obviously the song that you heard, buddy sings this entire video, as well as eking of songs, guys. the song that Jesse makes, that cop saying, Yellow Rose of Texas, which is an old minstrel song, which was primarily done in black face. the fact that black cop is singing it kinda is a reference back to some of the racist influences in the comic books maybe. or maybe they just didn't really realize the historical references in the song. and guess what? the other cop gets gets a pretty bad I mean, one has to sing, but one gets maced of the junk. so, you know, today. alright, so I was a little awesome moment of Jesse using the voice of God. and comic book fans might kind of see that that was allusion to when Jesse made sheriff rout. you remember him from season one, he kind of told him to literally go yourself. and that's what happened. but thank God they didn't use that part in the TV show. I don't think we needed to see that. I don't know if they have the effects budget. we get introduced to the saint of killers in action in this episode. he kind of blinks in and out of existence a little bit more, but then he does that slow, scary walk. it's awesome. yeah, it's straight up, like Terminator style, right? just like those first of all, those bullets sound like mortar shells from miles away, and they can cut through police cars. and literally is ripping through every single cop there. they kill everyone, except for our three favorite characters. they get away. but awesome to see the Santa killers kind of wrecking havoc. we saw a lot of his backstory last season, and now to see him, you know, chasing down our team creature is awesome. the suit. so, the saint of killers, you obviously realized that that loop that we get stuck in is his hell. but in the comic books, he is so full of hatred that he freezes hell when he goes and the devil's like dude, what is happening? and he's the devil is playing cards with the Angel of Death. Angel death is like this. this is my dude right here. so he makes him some those guns out of, like his sword. so those guns are special. they never run out of ammo, and they shoot through anything. he has the gall to match. he could, like, you can't take this guy down like God. and also, his bullets can kill basically anyone. like last year we saw them shoot de Blanc an angel and kill him. hopefully, maybe he's back. but he can basically kill anyone if he shoots you. so watch the hell out. the one time they did mess this up in the comics, even Garth Ennis mentioned this give me that the error was when early on, I think maybe issued three, the Santa killer shoots Cassady in a bar fight. and Cassie obviously comes back to life, but he's kind of dead anyways. so didn't she comic books that you can even cheat a little bit. so tulip uses an intestine, lower or upper, I don't know. I'm not a doctor. but anyway, what I do know about intestines is there's partially digested food in there. so she uses that to siphon gas. and then Cassidy helps her get the taste out of her mouth with hot sauce and, yoohoo. don't know if it works, but Cassidy would, I mean, he's eaten, he's even partially, you know, if anyone would, yeah, if anyone knows what to drink or eat afterwards, it would be Cassidy. but because she white, can she any help her wipe her face off? I mean, the blood all around her, like, seriously, like, help a girl out. like, I love that there was just, like, the from the bottles. she does not drink correctly. she puts the bottle to her face, and it cleaned off her head. so the friends first stop is preacher Mike, who is John Custer's Jessie's father's friends in the comics, John Custer is not a preacher. he's actually an Army veteran, but whatever. so preacher Mike has a girl in a cage who's dealing with an Instagram addiction, which is amazing. this is awesome. yeah, they've obviously updated from what the comic had, but I love that she's actually screaming for a phone, and you think that she wants to get like, help, like, oh, dude. she's, she's scared of this guy. she wants to UPS update her Instagram, is why. also during this sequence, we see a great Easter Egg for comic book fans as well, when Jesse is talking about his childhood. we have really heard much about his background and his mom side, the the Liane gels, but their association has it and I don't think so. it's French. right behind him is in aquarium with a small, little treasure chest. and basically, this is a huge nod to how messed up his childhood is. upbringing was. so his grandma punished the hell out of Jesse as a kid. I mean, he threw a curse word at another dude named Jody just because Jody killed his dog. seems reasonable to, you know, curse if someone after that. but his punishment was to go for a week inside a coffin, under water, with only a couple tubes to breathe oxygen. it actually occurs in angel bill, on the border of Texas and Louisiana. we know our crew is heading towards New Orleans, so maybe we'll get some flashbacks as Jesse starts driving through these parts. and it's horrible. flashbacks to yeah. and keep in mind that they throw in Easter eggs all the time. they come in Easter eggs in the first season in the whiskey rat water is the city that the saint shot up. so keep your eyes out. always look at everything. and if you guys find any Easter eggs that we missed, please do so. let us know in the comments and hit us up on Twitter. but he loves getting tweets in the mud matter he's he's out of the cage, so he can get tweets and and let us know what we've missed. I found her looking pale as a ghost, trembling. I asked her what's wrong, and she told me, God himself have just been in. so preacher Mike tells Jesse and fam about she she's strip club, which is a real strip club in New Orleans. and they talked to Tammy, the proprietor, who said, God was there. just listen to jazz music. Tammy takes a bullet. I noticed a lot of people on reddit were like, what happened to Tammy? so if you didn't notice, there's a CCTV of a video camera behind them. and the whole time Cassidy is is getting a lap dance from a stripper. he grabs the stripper. Tammy calls a bouncer. the bouncer goes into the room, they get miss Krabappel, and then the bouncer pulls out a gun and kills Tammy. the whole time that they're bantering about whether or not to use Genesis on Tammy. it's an amazing scene because it's so many layers. also, I called chichis. they don't, they don't have jazz, so they just made that up for the show. it's just a strip club in New Orleans. God didn't come for their girls, you idiot. he came for the Jazz, the jazz guys. another detail throughout this episode, and we also calls back the last season, is the fact that tulip, Jessie and Cassidy have no idea that anvil was completely blown off the map by that huge shitstorm. basically, they don't know any of this stuff. last season, at the end, I think it was the final episode of the season, they're in a diner, and it's on the TV, but they don't see they don't get the news. it kind of plays in the background. this year, this week, it's in the bar, and everyone else was like, huddled around the TV, like, you know, a city just blew up. what the hell is going on guys? yeah. and they have no, still have no clue that even happened. we were thinking that the probably waiting till later in the season to actually reveal that, so that, you know, jesse has to come to grips with what happened to his former home and all the people in it. yeah, I think Jesse will be super concerned about the entire town souls, because basically they were like, oh, God's not not around, so we're just gonna do all the bad things that we should do. and they all die, not just the two dudes that commit suicide, because obviously they were just, they hated their lives and they were just waiting. but like, even Emily, like, she tells her kids, like, nothing's gonna change, but just, you know, God is not around, so whatever he's got, the guy that cheats on his wife with the hooker, like, everybody goes full sin mode, and then they, they all die. they're all completely condemned. and that's how the last season left us. so Jesse doesn't find out, I think he's gonna be completely crushed when he finds out. another detail that we caught was fior the auras back. actually, remember last time we saw him, he returned from hell after giving the stain of killers a new gig. that's the chest chase down Jesse. and he's now working, it looks like, at a casino as a going under the name of Ganesh. Ganesh, of course, is the Hindu God who was beheaded and then came back with the head of an elephant. and from the previews, it looks like that fewer now going by. Ganesh is going to probably do the same thing as a performer, you know, his head chopped off every single night, and then magically reappearing, because he's an angel, so not much magic. it is just, I guess it is magic, but angel m'angil magic. yeah. but we, the camera kind of turned away, cut away as soon as we were gonna reveal fioors face. but I think, and then probably the next episode, we'll see if you're back. but the blonde, I don't, I don't know if he's coming back. sorry guys. at the end of the episode, we see Jesse outside, after he he and tulip just just kept Cassidy awake doing things. anyway. he's outside. the Saint is coming towards them. and it seems, if you haven't seen any of promos, that it might be a dream sequence. you hope, actually thought it was a dream sequence until we watched that promo. yeah. the Saint isn't responding to his voice commands at all. he's just walking towards him. so we watched the promo, my main thoughts were that the truck that hit him, old-time axle-grease has a delivery truck. there's no way that a town of that size has a delivery truck for axle-grease. that market is not large enough to support a delivery truck. yeah. and I thought it was interesting, obviously, that the voice of God, the commands were not working. oh yeah. and I was pretty big guys, the in a comic books, there have been times occasionally that it does work against the same killers. in fact, that's one of the only things that can stop the scenic killers from from killing. but I guess in the TV show, at least initially, in his first meeting, is face-to-face meeting, Jesse's gonna have to get creative, because he can't just tell the saint to stop shooting, so he needs to run away fast, which is convenient that he's going to have more cover, not, not not cops this time, but gun aficionados that are having a convention at this little motel, hotel that they're staying at. how convenient. how convenient guys with guns, or any girls with guns. but I also feel really bad for all of them, because they're gonna get murdered pretty quick, I'm guessing, by the same there's a couple shots and they're all dead. the promo had an amazing, like, bullet time, bullet. yeah. camera shot. you just see the spinning round coming towards Jessie. it's fantastic. and remember earlier on this episode, when Jesse pulls the bullet from the car after the whole shootout with the cops, he kind of touches it for a second, he grabs the bullet out, he, like, he drops it really quickly. so obviously, you know, Jesse's not immune to this bullet either. like, he needs to watch out and and be prepared for the onslaught of the same killers. [Music]. finally, the episode ends with dedicated to Steve. this is talking about Steve Dylan, who was an artist in the comic book. yeah, he was equally as important as Garth Ennis to creating this world that his preacher. and unfortunately, he got to see all of season one before he passed away and see it come to life than on the TV show. but, um, yeah, what an amazing artist. and, yeah, thankful that he got to give us this. Big Ups. big up, Steve. guys, thank you so much for watching. I'm buddy Hutton on Twitter. Ryan Eric P on Twitter. let us know if we messed anything up. let us know what we miss guys. we are just now getting into this show. I don't think either of us watch season one when it was on. that we had to binge watch. we just binge watch. that was worth it. totally worth it. thanks guys. thanks. we love you. he doesn't I do. 