welcome to the heavy spoilers show. you're now locked into the channel where we break down all of the latest movies, TV shows, games and comic books. I'm your host, definition and it's time to save the world with the help of the planets newest superhero, Dione. throughout this video, we'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the ending of raising Dione and this show's big twist. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the Netflix series yet and don't want anything ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our ending explain breakdown of racing Dion. razing Dion follows Nicole Warner, played by Alicia Wainwright, as she raises her super-powered son, Dion, in the absence of his father, mark, played by Michael B Jordan. Dion is a modern marvel, pun intended, and possesses a whole host of superpowers, including the ability to teleport, move things with his mind, turn invisible and heal creatures. whilst initially this skill set seems like it could be a dream come true for the character. we quickly learn that being a superhero isn't easy. the series deals with all the trials and tribulations that would come from having a son with special abilities. and it's a pretty unique aesthetic that, though heavily explored and bright Byrne, develops here far beyond its cinematic counterpart. from the off, the main focus is Nicole's worry that a son has been tasked with a huge responsibility, and just as much as his actions matter, so do hers. she has the potential to raise the world's greatest hero, or its biggest threat. and this is something that she struggles with throughout, guiding him down the right path, whilst outside forces tried to corrupt him. there's a real sense of this being steeped in comic books, even down to the episodes being called issues with corresponding season and episode numbers, instead of simply episode 1 or whatever. they all have comic-book related names that range from things like, why so vomity today's of marks Future past and fortress of solitude. this tone very much carries throughout the show, whether being the usual superhero origin story archetypes including the death of a parent and so on. however, at its heart is the fact that anyone, and no matter their age, race or background, can become someone important. start the season begins with Dion really struggling to fit in at school, and its mother, Nicole, has to deal with life as a single parent, overwhelmed by her son's abilities. we learned early on that mark passed away after saving a woman from drowning, but in doing so, sacrificed himself. there's a real back and forth throughout the season as to his true fate and the real events that led to his death. and his absence becomes a big driving force, even though the truth about his passing remains a mystery. for the opening episodes, it's really heartbreaking watching both Nicole and Dion dealing with the fact that he is out of their lives. however, he definitely isn't a bad force, and the fact that his death was due to heroic circumstances influences Dion in many positive ways. when Dion's abilities emerge, he has difficulty controlling them. and on a trip to his lakeside home, he pretty much wrecks the ecosystem there and almost kills himself and his mother, he also lashes out at a boy at school for stealing his father's watch. and it becomes clear that his emotions often get the better of him. I guess with great power comes great responsibility. and early on, this draws the eyes of ghosts, including his father, who warned the pair to get away. they remain put, though, at the Lakeside. and after a woman disappears in the area, Nicole suspects that there may be other forces at work. in addition to this, she discovers that before marks death, he was visiting the woman that he saved. initially, she believed that they were strangers, but this revealed paints a different picture, especially as it's shown that she went off the map the day that mark died. upon returning home, Nicole is forced into basically a juggling act of getting a job, looking after his son and keeping her home tidy. and it's rare that we get a depiction of life as a single mother in a superhero centric story, but raising Dion does an excellent job of giving this perspective some life and actually making it engaging. nicole says it best when she refers to it like having a toddler roll over again. but he can crash cause with his mind. this nails the call of racing Dion and makes it easy to connect with. all of the performances here are grounded, believable and easy to connect with. and even characters that I thought I wouldn't find common ground with portrayed their lives in ways that were easy to relate to. the human side of raising Dion is definitely its strong point, and this elevates the show massively early on. it also drives the plot, which eventually sees Nicole catch up with a woman mark was in contact with, and she learns that Mark had powers too, which explains how Dion inherited them. the woman named Charlotte took divulges that everyone who went to see the Northern Lights in Iceland during a meteor shower received powers. this is known as the Aurora event, and it granted all of the onlookers with superhuman abilities. mark was present at this, and, like the rest of the group, received a specific super-powered skillset that they had to hide from society. she also explains that there is a human storm that killed mark and absorbed him. and this sets up the villain of the piece, known as the crooked man. the crooked man is a being of pure energy that constantly hunts the super-powered citizens. and aware that he is coming, Sharla agrees to Train Dion, and this is very much the point in which he finally begins to gain control of his powers. Pat, Nicole's friend, works at the same company that Mark used to, and we discovered that they have several citizens that receive powers under surveillance. and from here on, Nicole and Pat build a database of contacts that they can go to to discover more information. this corporation seemingly has ties to the crooked man and has been keeping tabs on all those presence at the Aurora event, which allows Charlotte to track them down. Pat quickly becomes a father figure to Dion, and in some ways, he guides and raises him through the values and beliefs that he inherited from comic books. it really takes the story from quite a simple one about family to one that is about the ins and outs of pressures that come from dealing with extraordinary gifts. the show ramps up episode by episode, going from a simplistic tale to one full of corporate espionage, privacy invasions and supervillains that far out match the majority of the characters in the show. Raising Dion really got its hooks into me, and at just nine episodes, I found myself binging through the entire piece and less than a day, desperate to find out how it will conclude and which characters would make it to the end. Charlotte discovers a boy named Braden that inherited powers from his father, who was also killed by the crooked man, similar to mark. unlike Dion, no, Braden takes the death of his father really badly. and his auntie, who not takes care of him and forces the belief that his father possessed demonic powers that he sets him off down a dark path. and the finale of the show begins to paint him out as a nemesis that Dion could face should a second season come about. as the season progresses, Pat becomes attached to Dianna in Nicole, but the latter rebuffed his advances, which anger him, and he forms the opinion that he is being used. Pat was also at the event that Mach gained his powers at and now he denied receiving any due to being in an observation deck. we learn in the final few episodes, that this is in fact a lie, and that Pat is the crooked man. he has been manipulating Dion to follow in his footsteps and see the world his way. and has secretly coveted his healing powers as well as a relationship with Nicole. after the constant rejection from her, Pat finally uses their and we learned that his powers come with a curse that constantly makes him sicker and sicker. thus he must consume are the powered people in order to stay alive, which explains his motives in the show. he has had his eyes set on Dion because he wants him to become strong enough to heal him, even though it could probably kill the boy. in the end, this leads to a showdown between Dion and Nicole and Pat, who managed to seemingly defeat the crooked man due to the appearance of Mark, who materializes in the final battle to help save his son. after the fight in which the crooked man is defeated, mark manages to hold his son and even kiss his wife, explaining that energy never really dies. as Einstein discovered, this is true of all things, and thus it allows mark to come back and see them one final time. however, he also comes with a warning, and that, due to the previous statement, the crooked man will still be out there. Dion promises to find a way to bring mark back. and going forward, I believe that this will be a big focus of the second season. as well as the cliffhanger that comes at the end. this centers around Brayden, who he jointed his home to discover his aunt is dead, and that mark is now using him as a vessel, tapping into the boys dark side in order to control him and manipulate him, much in the same way that he tried to do with Dion throughout the show. whilst Braden is possessed, I do think that he will have some say in the matter. and as mentioned earlier, he will likely take on an ark that marries Dion just for bad instead of good. with Pat being his only guiding force and no Nicole to balance it out, he will likely turn to the dark side. and I think this is all ramping up to a showdown between Braden and Dion for season two. now, Braden does still have hope, and he's an age where there is time to change. so I can imagine that during the conflict he may reject Pat with the help of Dion, finally destroy the crooked man. either way, I'm really excited for a second season and I can't wait to see what happens in it. but what did I think of raising Dion overall? well, well, the thing that the CGI felt that at some points, and there were some arcs that could have been left on the cutting room floor. overall, this is a fun superhero origin story that uses its heart and message to elevate above the trappings of slightly lackluster effects. this is definitely raising Dion's strong point, and it's a unique take on the superhero story in a world that's full of them. raising Dion is a really good ride, and I'm annoyed at myself for taking so long to get round to it. as overall, I think everyone will find something to enjoy here, and that's why it gets an 8 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts and razing Dion and what you hope to see in the second season. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out my breakdown of this week's other big Netflix release, Eli, which would be linked at the end. I go over the entire film. and it's ending, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server, which you'll be linked in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with all the latest videos on the channel. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3, part 1, boxing blu-ray, which contains Civil War, Doctor, Strange homecoming and Ragnarok. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on raising Deon in the comments section below the one. it's gonna be chosen the 15th of November, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 