[Music]. the scrolls are set to make their big screen debut in this year's new MCU movie, captain marvel. this alien race has plagued our heroes and the comics for decades now, and they always provide a thrilling showdown. but who are they? what are their powers and ultimately, their end goals? well, throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the scrolls, on and off the page. there will be some spoilers here in relation to their appearance in the comic books. so if you don't want to know anything, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. don't forget to stick around until the end to hear my fan theory on which MCU Avengers team member could secretly be one. but with that out the way, i'm definition, and welcome to the channel where i watch it, so you don't have to. the scrolls first appeared as early as 1961 in Fantastic Four issue 2, titled and the scrolls attack Earth. this issue introduced the alien race who set out to destroy the Fantastic Four and eventually conquer the earth. luckily, the Fantastic Four managed to stop them, capture them and even went so far as to hypnotize them to believe that they were cows. those who read civil war will know that this eventually led to more mutants being created due to them drinking their milk and having Skrull cow burgers. for that stories for another day. the Skrulls themselves were created by Jack Kirby and Stan Lee, who, throughout the years built upon their backstory and origins. so how exactly did they come to be? well, millions of years ago, on the planet, scroll of the Celestials performed genetic experiments on reptilian ancestors of the scrolls, and this caused three forms of the creatures to be born. these were called the prime the deviants and the Eternals. however, the three races were enabled to coexist with one another. and this eventually came to a head with the deviants wiping out the majority of the other races, until only the scroll eternal and the prime scroll were left. unlike the deviants, neither of those races were able to shape-shift, so they could not compete with their more modified cousins. the two survivors of their respective races eventually fell in love, and the two became gods to the deviants, ruling over them with the goal of expanding their territory throughout the galaxy. so what are their powers beyond shape-shifting? well there are elite versions of the scrolls known as the war Scrolls and the infamous super Scrolls. these are able to replicate the powers of various Marvel heroes. however, unlike their brethren, depending on what continuity you read, they cannot change shift. so in the end, you either have very strong scrolls that possess insane powers, or weaker ones that don't but can transform. eventually, the scrolls developed interstellar travel, which threw them into their first major comic book arc, the kree-skrull war. the book opens with Captain Marvel, a Kree hero, who, in this story, is a male arriving on earth from the negative zone. it turns out that the Kree and scroll have battled one another for millennia, but that the conflict had died down. unfortunately, Ronan, the accuser, manages to reignite the war, and the Avengers become involved due to their affiliation with Captain Marvel. in the story, it's revealed an allied to the Avengers, rift Jones has vast mental powers and manages to freeze all of the combatants in this war. and this showcases that humanity has earned that potential from this conflict. another big Marvel character, hulk Ling, is produced, who is a Kree Skrull hybrid. the Skrulls will go on to feature in many comics, including infiltrating earth, his second crease crow war and secret invasion. in secret invasion, the scrolls even manage to infiltrate earth on several levels. they were even successful in replacing a large chunk of the Marvel heroes. and this reveal came as a huge twist. and the MCU, I think, that this is already come into play with one of the major Avengers being a scroll since their second appearance, which I'll go into now. okay, firstly, before I go into this, I just want to preface it with the fact that marble themselves have said numerous times that there may already be Scrolls in the MCU, and this is why they feature as the villain. based on this information, I personally believe that rody is a scroll, a to to a number of reasons. firstly, judging from an external point of view, it's unlikely that Kevin Feige and the headset Marvel would want one of the main movie frontrunners to be one, as this would retroactively litchi pin their movies and maybe make it seem like they weren't the heroes that we will idolize growing up. secondly, rody has already went through a major change in the movies. in Iron Man, the actor was played by Terrence Howard before being changed to Don Cheadle. so if it was introduced that he was captured upon the appearance of Iron Man, his change in appearance would make a lot of sense. some scrolls also have psychic abilities, so they could ultimately make those around Rhodey believe that nothing was out of place. rody is also pretty pedestrian throughout the franchise. sure, he helps out in battle, but how much does he actually offer when it comes to strategy and fighting the big bad not much. he's actually the perfect person to be a mole, as he not only fits in nicely with the US. government, able to gain secrets on their Intel excetera, but he's also infiltrated the Avengers, so it be able to monitor their moves too. lastly, Rhodey never rocks the boat. the only time that he really took a stance against something was in infinity war, when he defied general Ross. but his race was in danger then too. so it makes sense that would step up to the position. the fact that the scrolls that are able to shape-shift don't possess any other powers also gives him motive for why he wants to take the mark to prototype in Hindman 2 and kick this out with his own weaponry. now he is blended in and can compete with the rest of the team due to suits ability. and it would be great if this was a big twist in the MCU, as it harkens back to the first film. so that's everything you need to know about the scrolls before you check out this year's MCU movies. obviously, we will see if this comes to fruition in Captain Marvel and Avengers endgame. but personally, I think it would really be a great twist, and it makes a lot of sense. I'd love to hear your thoughts on the scrolls, and if you're excited to see them appear in the MCU. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and make sure you check out my breakdown of the top three theories on Captain Marvel, which would be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 