welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this episode were breaking down time to hunt. the Korean film follows in the footsteps of some amazing properties released recently by the countries such as Kingdom, train to Busan and, of course, Best Picture winner parasite. that's a big list to live up to. and throughout this video, we'll be giving our thoughts on the film, as well as what we took from the ending. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, that I highly recommend that you turn off now. if you enjoy the video, then please drop a thumbs up, and make sure you subscribe to the channel to never miss a breakdown. without the way, thank you for clicking this. and let's get into our review of time to hunt. time to hunt opens in a dystopian imagining of South Korea's future, and it's filled with civil unrest, national debt, inequality and a fog that fills the air due to the effects of global warming. the country is a mess. and though it's clearly decay due to mass amounts of poverty, the film is shot beautifully. from the off. we take a trip through the streets of Korea. and even though it's filled with little dialogue, we instantly get the impression of how the country currently stands. life is hell. it's here that were introduced to our protagonist, Jong Seok, who has just been released from prison after being jailed there for a heist that happened three years ago. left with little else to think about in jail, he spent the majority of his time fantasizing about his hashtag best life. and getting to this is the main driving force for the character. with his friends, he wants to plan one last heist that will make enough money to escape from the country. but as I'm sure you can guess, it isn't going to be easy. and heist movies are often carried on the back of their core team. and time to hunt really feels like it's pulled together a group of actors that complement one another. you can instantly see why June was the leader and why, in his absence, the other members have pretty much lived a lowly existence. they too were criminals that carried out the heist that June was arrested for, and they only managed to escape because he sacrificed himself to the police. the cash they managed to make from the job is now effectively worthless due to the Korean Won crashing. and thus they have to take US dollars in order to make enough money to get away. June proposes one last heist on an illegal gambling stores millions of dollars. and though it seems like a simple job, it soon brings massive repercussions with it. using an insider named sang-soo that works there, they raid the operation, but end up becoming targets themselves. it's a brilliant premise to Center the film around. and though heist movies are often a dime a dozen, time to hunt elevates itself by the hope within the characters. each one feels like they're at their lowest point. and for people that should be in the prime of their lives, that stuck to constantly being considered by them in that force to live day to day. that's one of time to hunts biggest takeaways, I think. and similar to parasite, even though the central characters upper right through lies in deception, we still gravitate towards them because we're able to see how bad they have it. we all know it's not going to go well. but Jun wistfully thinks about the future, a better life in paradise. that sounds too good to be true. it's often stay that the wealth divide between the rich and poor is built upon the idea that the poor allow it to happen due to a belief that one day they can be wealthy too, if they just work hard enough. you really get that feeling with Jun 2, and because of it, the character becomes easy to relate to. you due to the failings of society, he finds himself trapped in a prison of his own making, in which he believes that crime is the only way that he can get out of it. and he constantly lives in a state of planning this, quote-unquote, one last heist that will allow him to live a life of luxury. gern reunites with the rest of the group that were part of the initial heist, and together they pull off the job, due to sang-soo, who currently works within the casino. the two other characters are named ki hoon and jang-ho. and I really hope I haven't butchered their names. but we need to know them in order to talk about things later in the film, it's clear that they're in over their heads. and all our amateurs that inadvertently open Pandora's box upon carrying out the job. along with the money, they steal various hard drives that all contain surveillance on the business's criminal activities. the gangsters obviously aren't happy about this, and they send a killer policeman known as Han after them. this is where the titular hunt comes into play. and Han mercilessly tracks down the group, gleefully stalking and playing games with them. he kills sang-soo and slowly tracks them across the city. no matter how much of a five-minute head start you get, this guy will catch you. he's intimidating as hell. and watching the cat-and-mouse game he plays with the group in me Olive Anton from no country for old men. what Han represents is the authoritarian state and how the rules don't apply to them. he regularly breaks the law, much in the same way that the group do, but there are no real repercussions for him. even after getting arrested, he set free by the chief of police. and the rules of both the government and gangsters don't really hamper him in any way. now there is a big twist with that arrest I'll talk about later in the video, but it basically paints him out as a guy who's completely invincible. and yeah, he's not going down easily. a lot of Korean films I've watched recently have been based around the notion of the lower class don't really have the rights that those in power do. and this is definitely reflected here in the antagonist. the poor are stamped down by those higher up, even if they operate in a similar manner. and hand, to me, represents the fallacy of trying to rise above one station. they have an opportunity to escape on a boat at a harbor, but ki hoon returns to his family, and Jun goes with him. returning to their hideout to see that Han has arrived. it leads to one of the tensest action scenes in the film, and it's a nail-biting showdown for both sides. jang-ho was hit multiple times and he dies, which leaves Jun to go head-to-head with Han at the docks. jr. is wearing an incredibly strong bulletproof vest, but Han still manages to doubt him, and he goes in for an execution shot. luckily, bong seeks twin brother, bong soo arrives seeking revenge the death of his sibling, which we saw Han carry out earlier in the movie when he was trying to learn the whereabouts of the group. it turns out that he's the chief of police, and he actually you released Han after he was arrested, so that he could kill him outside of the law. they shoot hands several times, and he seemingly killed, falling into the water on the outskirts of the location. Jun finally gets his wish to go to Ken ting, and he seemingly gets the life he always dreamed about. however, he's still haunted by the deaths of his friends as well as ki hoons fate. the paradise he was seeking had to be shared with others, and living there with no one to actually enjoy with clearly dampens the experience. what you really wanted deep down was a better life for him and his friends, but his actions not only robbed them of it, but also himself. throughout the movie, Jun was constantly given nightmares. and it's clear that no matter how far where he gets he will be forever tormented by them. running away from things doesn't actually deal with them. and his hopes of escaping will always be a pipe dream if he can't get away from that which haunts him the most. he learns that Hannah survived, but rather than running once more, he decides that for once in his life, he will tackle the problem head-on, rather than fleeing from it. very little is known about Han, even his real name. but deep down, Jun knows that he won't stop coming for him. the movie ends with us seeing him practicing his firearm skills, and we also get lip service paid to ki hoon surviving. this was one of the loose ends that, though heavily hinted at, we never actually got any resolution towards. but it does seem that he is indeed alive. the other one that Jun sees is indeed an illusion. you know, that there is a conversation that does kind of highlight that that he is still out there. we know that the gangs were slowly being wiped out, and it is possible that the police took out the one surrounding his home before they went after Han. this is likely how they learned of its location. and were able to find where he was, Jun has to end what he started. and instead of constantly trying to get away from the problem, he must go head-to-head with it in order to truly find the peace that he's been seeking all this time. whilst it does set things up for a sequel, personally, I'm not sure if it needs one, but if we do get one, I'm very hyped to see Joon and Han going face to face again. now before we get into the rest of the video, I just wanna let you know we're giving away your free copy of the marbled face Ori part one box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts in the movie in the comment section below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 15th of May, and the set will be shipped out from the intro ever get surprised. the best of luck that everyone who takes part. okay, so what did I think of the film? overall, we'll have to say I thoroughly enjoyed it. and Netflix have continued to be a life saver through lock down over the weekend, they've released time to hunt, extraction in afterlife, Season 2. and all have been absolutely brilliant. time to hone is a tense action film that also has a lot of social commentary and escapism literally laced throughout it. I think it makes it a really engaging watch. I don't know if it's for everyone, but at the moment, I'm struggling to think of a film or TV show that Korea has put out recently that I haven't really enjoyed. time to hunt is a really heartfelt and human heist story that is beautifully shot and well acted. you definitely should check this out if you're looking for more entertainment this week. and it gets an 8.5 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on time to hunt, so comment below and let me know. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and if you want something else to watch, we've got a great breakdown of extraction at the end. y'all over the entire movie, and it's ending, so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, gonna support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you it. there's a thank you. you get access to content early. you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey or click the disk order link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date. with heavy spoilers. so hopefully you see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. huge thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. now, see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music]. 