[Music], two weeks gone again. come on. all right, look, y'all. i've been really, really busy. i almost fell into despair, i was so busy. so how about double upload on saturday? plus, i got a surprise comment for 300k. you know how it'd be. anyway, i gotta go to south korea real quick, so give me a second. all right. so south korean netflix, you know, this is the only netflix in the entire galaxy that has the movie old boy. now, old boy is one of the most famous neo-noir films of all time, directed by park chanwook. also, i'm very sorry if i mispronounced any names. i can't even pronounce english names right. but anyway, he showcased gunjar's revenge and sympathy for lady vengeance. yeah, but we are doing the trilogy backwards, but it wasn't chronological to begin with. old boy stars choi min sick, who we know as playing the villains in lady vengeance, and i saw the devil troy plays odessu, a man who is kidnapped and put in prison for 15 years for no reason. soon he is suddenly released. and old boy is all about why the hell he was even put in prison in the first place. now, this won't be a minute by minute breakdown. i'll be skipping a lot to get a cohesive story because the movie itself is best viewed fully. i implore you to watch this on your own too. okay, so with the help of nordvpn, i was able to pass into north korea's netflix. so stay tuned near the end to see how necessary it is to have a vpn. otherwise, let's get into the breakdown. now, this movie is comedic at times, very well made and not as blunt as most films here are. first thing we see is the main character, desu, wanting to tell a suicidal guy his story. the story starts with desu's dumbass being arrested for being a drunk nuisance. desu makes being drunk looks scary. it looks like he's being controlled by something. don't give me what he's drinking. it's his daughter's birthday, and his close friend named joo hwan comes to pick him up. desu calls his daughter and wife before letting his friend talk to them. and suddenly, at the blink of an eye, desu goes missing. [ __ ]. like that is totally scary. those kind of mysteries make for the best videos, though. turns out desu was just kidnapped off the street and was put inside a makeshift prison in the middle of a city. two months passed by, and desu still has no idea why he's locked up. he is pretty goofy before this prison stuff, but he becomes a shell of his former self quickly. every day, it seems, he eats food delivered from a restaurant along with other prisoners there. every night, he is put to sleep by gas. and the kidnappers slash guards, clean everything up and give him haircuts. they also save his life many times as he tries to commit suicide. within a year of being in prison, desu's only friend is television. but it haunts him to see that his wife has been murdered and he is the prime suspect. he can't do anything about it but wallow in despair. anyway, the only way out of despair is to imagine getting to the bottom of this prison sentence. years begin to pass, and he's hoping for revenge. he starts shadowboxing against the wall to prepare for the battles ahead. he finally finds a way out right next to his bed. and it takes him over 12 years to dig out of it. slowly, from 1988 to 2003, 15 years and had one tiny room. and he finally has a way out, even if it will kill him. he hides to the hole and gets ready for his nightly knockout. but this time a random lady walks in. she's a hypnotist, and she hypnotizes him right back from her mental realm. he wakes up to see he's on a random roof. yeah, you would think this is all fake, right? but it's not, at least not what he sees his first view is someone contemplating suicide. but he's so ecstatic to see another human being for the first time. same guy he told his story to in the beginning, remember, so story told, but that's all daisu cared about. he left without hearing this guy's reason for wanting to kill himself. on the elevator down, he steals this lady's glasses, walking by to experience the outside life. and there goes that one guy that wanted to die too. he won't be in rush hour 3. now, he's been practicing boxing for at least 13 years, and looks like that's all he needs to cure you. a bunch of punks cure you. does this kind of thing all the time. anyway, a random homeless guy gives him a phone and wallet, probably enlisted by the mastermind. datsu goes inside of a sushi restaurant, or raw fish restaurant, i'm sorry, i don't really know the difference. but immediately he gets interested in a famous chef named mito. anyway, he gets a call from the mastermind, a self-proclaimed expert on desu. he majors in desu, studies death zoology. he must have studied that the average daesu swallows live octopuses whole choi really did swallow many octopuses for this scene. couldn't pay me to do that. he passes out with his still slithering down his throat. now, amido, she mito. mito, she already feels some romantic connection to him, and she takes care of him. turns out he had the flute. that's what you get for taking a cigarette from that punk. he grabs his filled out autobiography from her nosey hands, hits his head too. but i wonder if that was meant to be. she starts to understand his background a little and helps him find out what happened to his daughter, who was adopted. knowing that his daughter is safe, at least, his new mission is to figure out who the hell wanted him in prison so bad. now, that's who's got an idea track down the prison he was at. the way he does it is by taste testing dumplings from different chinese restaurants. he knew he was getting delivery food in prison. after lots of restaurants, he finally tastes precisely the dumplings he had for 15 years, and sprints after the all right, whatever. and he sprints after the delivery guy from the same restaurant to see where he's taking all that food. sure enough, this is the building he was imprisoned at. he interrogates the warden by ripping his teeth out with a hammer. without a doubt, get ready for probably one of the most, if not the most, impressive scene we've talked about. this movie is well known for this one take, continuous shot fight scene. desu is in battle against the goons of the makeshift prison. it took 17 takes to get this right over three days. the only thing fake about the scene is the knife that they stab him with. this is something kiryu does, like fight like 30 people at once. the only difference is that these guys are just like bottom of the barrel gangsters walk. here you fight like 30 trained military assassins, which is street fighting. anyway, this scene speaks for itself. is pretty inspirational. even the backup in the elevator was no match. i wish desu kept this same prowess for all the movie. this is the height of his power right here. still, he was injured badly and passes out right in front of pedestrians. but this particular pedestrian knew him too well. the guy must be the mastermind. mito has him sewn up, but then he listens to a tape he took from the prison. the warden takes money in return for imprisoning people, and he records each client. it's kind of like hostile except no physical torture. desto got a copy of the tape. the mastermind put him in prison because he talked too much. so did he? did he really talk too much? now he already wasn't trusting mito too well, and soon ties her up. he has led directly across the street to where the mastermind is waiting for him. desu has no idea who this guy is. why does he hate me so much to lock me up for 15 years? mastermind tells him that he has five days to figure out who he is. if he doesn't figure out who he is, then mido will die. if he does figure out who he is, then the mastermind will kill himself. oh, but why not just kill him right now? yeah, that's desu's first thought. well, the mastermind has a pacemaker inside with a button that can stop it at any time, instant suicide. so even if desu gets past this final boss over here, the mastermind can just kill himself. it's his goal. anyway. also, the prison gang have invaded mito's apartment. now i wish desu had the energy he had when he went through the prison, but i'm guessing mito could die. so he just gets caught for that eye for an eye torture. he took the teeth out of this guy and almost got the same treatment. but then the mastermind pays off the gang to not hurt that suit. desu says he would like to cut off the warden's hand for touching mido's titty. now, they soon just leave the room and the two have sex, kinda explicit. after that, the knockout gas is sent into their hotel room, but they're already sleep so i guess they're just sleeping harder. i mean, sleep times too, whatever. when they wake up in the morning, they discover the wardens cut off hand in a box. in other words, the mastermind knew that desu wanted to cut off his hand, even though he wasn't there to hear desu said that. so he must have bugged him. quietly, he works to find and remove the bug that was hidden in his shoe. now, to save myself a headache, let's just say that the search for the mastermind's identity obviously goes to someone that went to high school with this. looking through the books, they see his name is lee woo jin, and he has a sister who killed herself named lee sowah. so why did she kill herself? wait, i forgot to mention something. so remember the guy that came and picked up desu when he was drunk 15 years ago? well, 15 years later, he heads an internet cafe, and damn, he was just so [ __ ] happy to see his friend, his heart probably exploded. that's real right there. well, he helps in the investigation of who the mastermind is. sadly, that gets him killed by the mastermind. he said that woojin's sister was probably a [ __ ]. her brother woo jin. the mastermind is listening in and murders juwan with a broken cd for calling her a [ __ ]. he insists that she wasn't a [ __ ] to the angry desu, who had to listen in on the murder. all right, look, so his loved ones are getting targeted in this game. so he has mito locked up in the same prison he was in to keep her safe. if he doesn't come back within 5 days, then she will be released. so don't worry about that. he goes back to his old high school. literally, young destiny recalls hitting on sua. this is woojin's sister before she killed herself. now, desu slowly begins to recall that he followed sua at one point. it was his last day, by the way, so he was acting like bart simpson. anyway, he eventually comes across her and her brother, wu jin, playing around and doing stuff that siblings shouldn't do, incest things, they notice desu watching, and he runs away, soon telling his friend ju1 what he saw and to keep his mouth closed. of course, he didn't keep his mouth closed, and the whole school figured out. and that's it. that's the reason why wu jin had desu put in some makeshift prison for 15 years, because he so happened to do what people do when they see something weird, tell someone else about it, not to mention it was in high school. now, his sister died, but i can't shake the feeling that is extremely petty. still knowing the truth of the matter pits desu on his mission to end this once and for all. see, woojin is a rich guy who lives in a penthouse. desu tries to input the password up to the penthouse until he gets help from the owner himself. desu rids the two guards easily with a toothbrush, some equalizer type [ __ ]. but after that, he's at the mercy of the last guard. like this dude right here makes desu's 15 years of shadow boxing look like bupkus buff kiss. this is the final boss of a yakuza game. while dressing up, wujin tells the entire story of his sister's suicide. yes. looking at us like that the entire time. this shows the power of rumors. can even influence you to think you're pregnant. and being pregnant with your nephew isn't really a good thing. soon, woojin kills his own bodyguard when he completely dicks around desu. i'm sure the bodyguard knew this would happen, though. he probably signed a contract knowing he would get his brains blew out on a whim. wujin points out a photo book on the table over there, glee all over his face. looking through, desu sees his family, his baby daughter, growing up and growing up without a father. and then he sees, he sees me. though, putting two and two together in his head, he despairingly realizes that mito is his daughter. he's been having a romantic relationship with his own daughter. the prison for 15 years was just the beginning. the true plan was to get desu to have romance with his own daughter. to accomplish this, desu's thoughts and speech were manipulated from the start by a hypnotist. for example, the hypnotist will tell him that once he heard the words hand, he's supposed to perform this action. this is why you should watch the movie too, because it's hard to explain, but well worth seeing. the warden is still on woojin's payroll and is going to reveal the same incest truth to mito at his call. desu completely gets out of his element to beg for him to not reveal the truth to her like i've never seen anybody in their life, in my entire life, beg for anything this hard. people don't even beg for their like this hard. sometimes he acts like a dog, kisses and licks his dirty shoes and cuts his tongue off to get him to not reveal the truth to meadow. now, see woojin's face. this is the complete height of his life, right here. he's lived life to the fullest. all in this moment right here, his revenge is complete. see, we started this movie thinking that desu was going to get revenge, but honestly, this is kind of the other way around. i'd like to see how gunshot would go up against wujin. desu was doomed from the beginning. well, wu jin is done, and he drops his pacemaker button on the ground. it can kill him, remember. and desu realizes this is his chance. however, when he presses it, a recording of him and miro having sex plays on loud speakers. all the private and humiliating words. desu just submits into pain and hurt. in the elevator down, woo jin thinks about his sisters and the pain it brought made this film possible. still, all he lived for was to stick it to the guy who so happened to start the rumor. since he completed that goal, woojin kills himself. i assume that if you shot yourself standing up, then that's precisely how it would look. the movie ends as desu visits the hypnotist as if she can help him forget that mito is his daughter. all in all, she puts him in a dream sequence where he seemingly forgets. mido comes in and embraces him, saying that she loves him. and that's who smiles hard before realizing something that gives him more pain. i'm guessing he didn't really forget. and that's it. it was a great watch. south korea always hits us with the bangers. you got su hyun bok, nam, gung-ja, desu, all fire people. now, thanks to nora vpn. i was able to watch this on netflix. ah, good old netflix in his library, not netflix in the united states. netflix. and good old south korea. how am i watching south korea? netflix, you ask. using nor vpn to bypass those crazy geo restrictions united states doesn't have old boy on netflix. and there is no buffering. nordvpn sticks it right to your internet service provider. the internet is not a safe place. doing your business at your closest starbucks, free wi-fi puts you at the risk of being snooped on by any old reject. even doing your business at home just means that your isp is the one that could snoop on you. now, every website you go to, your isp knows, paying good money a month on fast internet, only to see that you can't even load a video. your isp is throttling you based on what websites you go to. your passwords, your credit card numbers, all your information is in danger. but right on your side is nor vpn, here to protect your identity information and your internet. just one click, you instantly can connect to ones of thousands of servers in 60 plus countries. nord will encrypt your connection and give you a unique ip. all your internet service provider will know is that they know nothing. nobody knows anything. nobody can monitor your activity. it's super easy. all it takes is a click and you're connected quick. or you can choose exactly which country server you would like to connect to, whether it's your laptop, your gaming computer or your phone. nor can be installed on up to six devices. so while you're saving money on subscriptions and the like, your privacy is guaranteed and your internet is exactly what you pay for. you can power up your internet today with the help of nordvpn. if you go to nordvpn.com spooky rice, or use the code spooky rice, you get 68 off a two year plan, plus one month free. that's just 3.71 cents a month. nordvpn.com spooky rice, 68 off, and that's just 3.71 cents a month plus one free month. you should really check them out. anyway, let's get to the most disturbed moment and most enjoy moment, and that's spooky stuff. cue to gohan [Music]. so for the most disturbed moment, i'm not going to say the teeth torture, but definitely the begging scene. great acting there, and just shows the extent that someone will go to so that bad things don't happen. life isn't always worth begging for, but peace of mind maybe pretty cool. most enjoyed moment. do i even really have to say it? i come on now. now, that fight was awesome, but the movie itself was very well made. just shows the limits of this series when it comes to this vengeance trilogy. that fight scene probably inspired lots of similar scenes, like, for instance, daredevil season one, if you know what i'm talking about. and that's it. thank you guys for watching this video. i worked really hard on it. south korea still has many films to talk about, but in the meantime, make sure you check out what we got talked about so far. my favorite is pokemon rises. love how we made that title canon. now, make sure you click the like button and subscribe to see more disturbing breakdowns. thanks for watching. spooky out 