welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. this episode we're covering the recently released Netflix bloom house horror movie, mercy black. the twisted tale is full of metaphors and double meanings, and the film possesses an ending that has a lot - impact from it. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about mercy black, as well as what we can take from the final few scenes. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen the movie yet, and I highly recommend that you turn off. now, with that out the way, I hope you enjoy the video. now, sit back, relax, and let's get into my ending. explain breakdown of mercy black. the film opens with the text, do you know mercy? do you know her name? she'll take away you hurt if you promise her pain instantly. this sets the tone for what is to be one of Blum Houses creepiest projects to date. the movie itself follows marina Hess who, 15 years after mutilating a classmate, is finally coming home. marina apparently committed the crime in order to appease a phantom known as mercy black. now from the off, there are clear allusions to the real-life Slender Man stabbing case that took place in 2014, in which two 12 year olds lured their friend into the woods and stabbed her 19 times in the hopes of impressing Slenderman. similar to those children, marinas crimes went viral and have inspired many internet rumors, stories and copycat crimes that have given her a level of notoriety in the area. Marina is obviously anxious at returning home, as she is haunted by her crimes and the phantom of Mercy black. upon learning that mercy has become so famous, she feels guilt for bringing the world to a whole new nightmare that she believes has caused a lot of suffering. Marina desperately tries to convince herself that Mercy Black was a figment of her room nation. however, her nephew, Bryce becomes increasingly more and more obsessed and interested in the legend, which leads her to discovering that perhaps it wasn't all in her head. now right off the bat, this is a pretty heavily filled jump-scare movie, so if you don't like them, and, let's face it, who does, and you're probably not going to enjoy this as much as you should. to the film's credit, this is a far superior Slender Man film than the actual Slender Man film that was released last year. and it deals with the humanity of a story like this with a lot more respect. this is down a lot to the actress that plays marina, who manages to display the severity of mental health issues that can cause psychosis like this, as well as convincing us that there could be some legitimacy to the legend. throughout the film, we learn that there are several conflicting reports of a what mercy black actually is. some regard her as a demon, whilst others think that she is a guardian angel. when researching her with help of librarian Lily Brice, discovers that she seeks outside children, and as long as they make her an offering of flesh and blood, that she will take away their pain back home. will Nylund attempts to convince marina that she should sell his story and make a profit from it. and when trying to grope her, she catches him with a sander, which sends him into a rage. stranger things start happening around the property. and whilst will initially gets the blame, Bryce asked Marina about where she has actually been all these years. Marina confesses that when she was younger, she conjured mercy black as a way to try and make her mother better. and with their friend Rebecca, they created this form of escapism in their imagination to help and cope with the problems in their life. in the meantime, marinas sister Alice, goes to confront will about him attempting to scare marina, and she discovers that Will has been writing a book on the story and is obsessed with the ins and outs of the tale. well, like most journalists, believes that the story needs to be told, no matter the repercussions. and that night, he's attacked and killed by Mercy black in his own home. here we actually have it confirmed that Will has been using his friends in order to try and trick marina into becoming interested in the story again, which sort of plays into the twist at the end of the anyway, I guess it's good to know that Dwight from The Walking Dead is two-faced. whether it's the zombie apocalypse or not. from here on out, mercy comes out in full force, and we learn more and more about the crimes that marina and her friend Rebecca committed as kids. this involved cutting the finger off their victim and feeding it to the lake in the middle of the woods, along with their blood-soaked hands. back in the present, marina goes back to visit Rebecca, who was released earlier than she was. and there's hints that Rebecca was abused as a child, which caused her to begin to reach out for help from Mercy black. she learns that Rebecca attempted to kill herself by hanging from one of her father's ties, but her mother saved her. and since she is turned into a vegetable in her room, Marina discovers a map, but she's attacked by Rebecca, who has to be covered by a blanket in order to self down. marina flees the house and back home a price ties of his friend and sets a trap that will kill him upon his mother attempting to help her. it's pretty messed up, and there are hints that Bryce is struggling with his father leaving, which people in the town gossip about openly though. Bryce let his friend go. he states that Mercy told him to do it. as marina travels back to the woods located on Rebecca's map, and she slowly inerts the pastor remembers the original crime, which is when she discovers a fallout shelter in the forest, and we learn about the truth behind the movie. okay, so the first big twist comes with the fact that the girl at Rebecca and marina sacrificed is actually alive and well and masquerading as librarian Lily. Lily has been grooming Brice for mercy the entire time, which is why she stated the creature was a guardian angel and even encouraged his research into her. this set off a chain of events in which he attempted to murder his friend and believe that Mercy appeared in the air, bent above his bed. dr. Ward in the film explains that as an adult, Lily changed her name and dropped off the grid so that she would be able to re-inflate society's new children. we learned that Lily wasn't even really a victim in the original crime, and was, in fact, a willing participant Lily, similar to marina. and Rebecca made a promise to Mercy. and throughout the film has been tried to manipulate marina into completing her sacrifice by making it seem like Mercy exists. in the end, that Lily takes Bryce back to the shelter, the resorts to threatening Bryce in hopes that marina will kill her. however, marina refuses, and unfortunately, Bryce carries out killing himself. another big question that many will have over the film's ending is, is Mercy black actually real? well this is a bit difficult to answer, but I actually believe that she is. well, it's a lot of the strange occurrences can be chalked up to living, you or marina psychosis. there are a few things that she could not have done, and unfortunately, there's no way to explain them beyond the antagonist being a reality. so how exactly did this happen? well, the best explanation is that Mercy was created through witchcraft, which the children were clearly practicing due to the reference to a book of spells. either the characters believed a mercy strongly enough that He willed her into existence, or their belief invited a dark spirit into their life that took on the identity of Mercy in order to have people carry out its dark desires. the whole point of Mercy black is that people must make sacrifices in order to offer up body parts of the character so that it can take them. for example, it gains a finger, and I through Lily, losing hairs. and this ritual completes its body. in the end, mercy ends of taking brights and thus becoming whole, able to wreak havoc on the world once more. and I took the ending as showcasing that the nightmare had truly began at you to the sacrifice being completed. the main theme that can be taken from the film is that ideas can actually become very dangerous if they are shaped in the wrong way. mercy black started out as an imaginary being, but due to the publicity garnered by the original crimes, mercy went viral and inspired a nightmare that spanned the world, just as well had the idea for a book on the crime. this eventually led to his downfall. and it shows that if we do things with negative ideologies, and negativity is all that can come from them. just as the idea of Slenderman was originally created as an internet meme, is eventually spread to the point that it created real-world crimes. this showcases the power that ideas have. a mercy black itself is a metaphor for the notion that ideas, if strong enough, can change the world in more ways than one. and now on to my review. overall, whilst Mercy black starts off rather by the numbers, I actually think the phone picks up a lot in the third act. it ends with a lot of questions. and this is always something that I look for in horror movies. it's a fun ride and definitely stands as a good mental health case study why the Slender Man stabbing us may have happened. so if you're interested in that, and I definitely recommend that you seek it out when you're next get a chance. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the film. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my review of Pet Sematary, which will be linked after this video, as I'm sure you'll love it. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 