hey guys, welcome to film recap. today i'm going to show you a 2014 horror action film titled dracula untold. prepare for spoilers ahead. in the early 15th century, the turkish sultan invaded transylvania to a mason army from 1 000 boys. as his soldiers attacked the kingdom, the young prince latteps, also known as vlad the impaler, son of the dragon, slaughtered the turks one by one. soon he would become known to the world as dracula. the film opens where vlad and his comrades come across a helmet from a turkish scout near river. he fears that the turks are advancing toward transylvania. once more, captain petra notices the helmet has claw marks on it. with two other men, vlad climbs the broken tooth mountain to find a cave where many other pieces of armor with slash marks are thrown all over the place, surrounded by the bones of other men. from the shadows, the creature stalks the men and then attacks the two men before trying to get vlad. vlad slashes at the creature with his sword, holding it back. the creature growls a vlad, showing his soulless yellow eyes before retreating into the shadows. vlad consults a friend, brother lucian, over the nature of this beast. lucian tells lad this particular creature is a vampire. it was said to have been a man that made a deal with the creature like itself, turning it into a monster that lures men and feeds on them, waiting for the one that will set him free. vlad returns home to castle dracula, to his wife, marina and son and jers. both of them are happy to see him and are glad he continues to keep their family and the kingdom safe. during a feast, a turkish emissary, hamza bay, arrives with a message from the sultan. m2. vlad gives hamza and his men many silver coins and sends them away. before leaving, hamza tells ladd and everyone else that mem has demanded 1 000 boys for his own army. everyone is outraged, and marina fears her own boy will be among those chosen. the other trucks taunt the transylvanians with this. vlad goes to the turkish camp to negotiate with mend. vlad offers to hand himself over, believing himself to be worth more than one thousand boys, but member fuses and orders the boys to come to him along with vlad's own son. vlad and his family are escorted to meet with hamza and other turks to hand injuries over. vlad walks with his boy over to hamza, seemingly ready to surrender. but vlad whispers to endures, run to your mother now. injures, runs, and vlad grabs his sword, chopping off hamza's arms and then slashing his face with ease and rapid movement. vlad kills the rest of the turks, fearing a brutal retaliation from mend, vlad returns to broken tooth to seek out the creature. this master vampire presents himself to vlad, sensing that he has come with hope, and asks why he would do that. vlad says he is desperate and that he wants to become a monster to fight back against his enemies. the master vampire warns vlad that he can grant him this power, but you must resist urge to feed off blood for three days, and then he will regain his mortality. he sinks his teeth into his wrist, pouring his blood into a shell for vlad to drink. vlad downs it and then asks, what now? you die flat, collapses, and later wakes up lying on rocks by the river. he sees his skin starting to burn off. then he presses down on a rock and crushes it. he now has heightened senses and is able to sense the motions of all the creatures in the woods. [Music]. vlad also finds that he is able to fly away in the form of a flock of bats. sure enough, the turks begin launching their attack on transylvania. vlad returns to the castle and dons a black cloak. the soldier began marching ahead, and vlad takes them all on, one by one. now moving faster and stronger than before, he is able to lay waste to the entire army, leaving them all dead in the dirt. vlad orders his people to leave the kingdom and move toward a monastery where they may find sanctuary. he later begins to feel an intense thirst for blood. he leaves the sight of his men to avoid turning on them. he joins mourinho in a tent, and they begin to kiss. vlad takes his shirt off, and marina feels his back and notices lat's battle scars are no longer there. the thirst only builds his. vlad senses mourinho's jupiter vein, forcing him to pull back from the intimacy. he leaves her again. later at night, while walking through the woods, a man comes by vlad with a knife. the man knows what kind of creature vlad has become, and he cuts his hand, spilling his blood in a cup for vlad to drink. vlad throws the cup out of his hands. the man retreats, referring to vlad as his master. vlad sees the blood on the ground and kneels as though he will drink it, but he holds back. yet again, memd and his men move closer to reaching the transylvanians. they come across the battlefield to find mem's captain laying before the corpses of the turkish soldiers mounted on spears. the transylvanians walk through the woods again, only to get ambushed by another group of turks. vlad morphs into his platform and swoops in to attack the turks pedro protects mourinho and injures two trucks corner them by the edge of a cliff. petra stands before marina and injures to defend them, but he is slashed in the stomach. vlad comes in just in time to push the turk over the edge. he goes to his comrade side. as he dies, marina becomes suspicious about what vlad has become. he cuts open the tent to bring in sunlight and show his skin burning to her. he assures her that he made this steel to protect her and their son. she accepts this. the people also begin to talk and spread word of what they fear the vlad has become. so men go to confront him, followed by lucian holding his sword and offering to kill vlad and spare him his eventual fate. vlad refuses, and lucian cuts the tent open to let in the sunlight. flat skin begins to burn off again, exposing him to the transylvanians who run away in fear. the men begin to throw fire at the tent with lads still inside, even as marina screams for them to realize he is trying to help him. moments later, vlad emerges from the flames with his skin healing. he also the people that he did what he did to protect them, and that is why they are beating the turks. an even larger number of turks begin marching toward the transylvanians, just as the dawn begins to rise, before vlad loses his power, with the people now standing behind him, vlad summons an enormous flock of bats and manipulates them to fly in and attack the turks. with a wave of his hand, he delivers a powerful blow to the soldiers. he clenches his fist and slams down onto the concrete, sending another pounding to the turks. vlad flies in himself to finish off named. while a couple of soldiers infiltrate his sanctuary. vlad throws one man off his horse, thinking him to be named, but it isn't. the soldiers find marina and injures. one man punches marina in the stomach and pushes her over the edge, leaving her hanging, while they abduct carrying mourinho's call, flat flies back to rescue her. the one soldier that took injuries gets away, but black kills the other. however, he is too late to save mourinho. as she folds over the edge, vlad jumps after her, but fails to rescue her. she hits the ground before injuries eyes. flat tries to revive her, but knowing her time is up, mourinho allows flat to drink her blood so that he may have a chance to save their son. vlad reluctantly bites into mourinho's neck and drinks, ensuring his power is now permanent. vlad then finds the remaining transylvanians and allows them to drink his blood. he then takes out an armor that he hopes to never bring out again, one with a dragon image engraved in it. at the turkish army camp, injuries is brought to an end. vlad and the now vampirized transylvanians attacked the forces feeding on their blood and massacring them. vlad makes his way into mem's tent, where silver coins are spread everywhere to play on vlad's weakness to silver. flat takes out his sword and fights mim-man to man, mem proves to be tough to beat, as he keeps throwing silver coins in vlad's face, he overpowers him. and throws him hard to the ground. mem grabs a stake and gets ready to stab vlad through the heart, saying, this is an unfortunate end for vlad the impaler. they struggle as the stake is right over vlad's heart. but vlad morse into his bat form and takes the stake from mend, turning it on him and impaling him. he said, that is no longer my name. my name is dracula. he bites into mem's neck and drains him of his blood. injuries, runs to his father. although the turks are now vanquished, the transylvanians plot to finish their thirst by taking injuries. one man, kaizen, tries to make the first move against the boy. dracula grabs a wooden stake and impales kazan, causing him to rot and decay into nothing but a skeleton. the other transylvanians advance toward dracula and in jairus, and solution intervenes and holds cross against them. dracula lets lucian take in jairus to be safe. and telling his boy he loves him, injuries, hugs his father one last time. as dracula parts the clouds and lets the sun hit him and the transylvanians, burning them until they are all dead, including himself. and jerez is crowned the new prince of transylvania. elsewhere, the man from the woods revives dracula by feeding him his own blood. injera senses that his father may yet still be out there somewhere. we jump to the present day. dracula is able to welcoming the people. he sees a woman in town that looks exactly like marina. dracula introduces himself as lad, and the woman says her name is mina. the two walk away together, unaware that the master vampire, now reverted to his human form, is watching from afar. he gets up and follows them, lettering to himself, let the games begin. [Music], you 