listen, almost none of you know this, but, um, I in really celebrate Christmas. growing up, I was with those group of kids watching VeggieTales in the back room, like way behind the custodians closet, while all of my classmates were eating themselves into a sugar coma. so whenever I saw the movie The Grinch as a kid, I thought the homie was a hero. of course, now that I'm older, you know, now that I've fully come into my own, I realized that he is, in fact, still the hero. not only was he a savage, making the merry booty, believe it - Suze to make a kids book reflecting on consumerism and and what's really important, on creating this timeless tale that every generation can look back on and learn something from. so what better way to highlight the children's book that criticize the commercialization of Christmas than by commercializing it? let me explain. so we're gonna talk about Christmas movies that get recycled and have hints of savagery. I gotta mention the Nutcracker real quick. I know some of you are diligently observing your nut diet this November. so I have a spoiler warning right here. if you don't care, you know, just skip ahead. but I know that there have been some of you who have been wanting a quick ellamy on it. obviously I listen, so let me slip in the nut real quick in here. it's practically a Russian Toy Story gone wrong. this thing has been made multiple times, so I'm pretty sure it's all a similar story. there's these three siblings who lost their mother. the dads, it's like not paying attention to any of them. but their mom was an inventor, and the middle child wants to follow in her footsteps. so when Christmas comes around and they're all given gifts by Morgan Freeman, she follows her fishing line into another dimension of realms that her mother breathed life into. obviously, the whole place looks like hell since the mother died and hasn't been there. so this girl decides to take the mantle. and this mantle Helen Mirren before realizing that she was getting duped. now, look, I like these type of movies. I think they're visually appealing. I like the worlds they create so much, so that, you know, even though I ran out of my AMC check ins for the week. I paid for my own tickets out of pocket for this bad boy in Dobby. so believe me when I tell you that they busted it with this one. I don't know if it was because they switch directors, like halfway through making this movie, if the studio just didn't have any promises for it, but everything that could have been really cool came out super dull. like, yeah, the set designs were great. y'all all give props when the props are done well, but the world-building fell flat here. nightly supposed to be the Sugar Plum Fairy, but girl look like she was high off something else. so when the reveal happens that she's actually the bad guy cuz she's super upset her creator left her, I was cool, but I wish you would have seen that. imagine seeing Woody's journey about being a depressed toy, but they cut out all this evil Andy. nah. obviously, the girl realizes that the gift was inside of her all along, as she saves the realms. and then we get the most savage scene with them all right at the end, when Morgan Freeman reminds Clara that her mother's greatest creation of all time was, in fact, her and the other two siblings are just staying around like, yo. what? this is the real G. not only will his books always be timeless, but my man is still inspiring the artists of today. [Music]. when it comes to the remakes of these two, you know, I don't think that they're the worst out there. I know some people look down on the Jim Carrey version, and if you have a letterbox account, you're supposed to hate everything. illumination does be like y'all also eat my doubles. you know, it's okay to enjoy the fast food of cinema sometimes. I know they ain't great. you know, they're not better than the classics, the the 3d. and the new one was so it was so bad, it looked like it was a mr. Krabs. mean. but just like I can enjoy a McDouble every once in a while, I can enjoy the Grinch's shenanigans is my sub-zero. Jill a Brett are running like the Grinch has been crazy. dude was giving saws to little kids. he was straight stealing things from kids dreams. he was gonna let Cindy Lou, who died this man was really in there. what's wild to me is that he's actually a member of society. you know, I always thought that he was like a wild, Yeti Savage that nobody wanted to talk to. but he, in fact, attended the school system in Whoville. he has own mailbox. so when you consider that Whoville is like Naperville, Illinois, you know, they had a who foods. every was wearing unique low jackets. no wonder they're all dipping on him. now, I think both of these offer something different, right? the live-action version has a little bit more backstory on the Grinch. you know, how he had a crush when he was a kid, but the bully who ends up becoming the mayor kind of drives him away. while the animation has a way better story for cindy-lou who, instead of just wanting presents, she wants her single mother to stop working so hard. both of them have a grouchy Grinch. he's got that penny proud closet where it's just the same outfit ten times. he's also like those girls who, he, he's like those girls who were the skin colored yoga pants so they looked naked. y'all know what I'm talking about. and he's out here knocking the hell out of kids before going to listen to Brock Hampton. we're watching the 2000 version. I was surprised how many innuendos there were. like, ron howard went harder with the Grinch than he did with solo. he looks just like your boss. it definitely has the better narrator, you know, it has more random shots that make me laugh for no reason whatsoever. but damn was I traumatized with the who villians. like as animations, they look fine, right? they're these like, cute little bear human hybrids. but when you see them in live-action, they just look like those scary real-life renders that artists do. they had them all looking like that lady from Mamma Mia with the plucked up nose. you know, the one who played the evil stepmother in that one movie? guess who just so happens to be in this movie with no prosthetics? that said little cindy-lou, who in the live-action movie was adorable. I don't know if you all have seen what she looks like now, but this girl, this girl is a damn ninja. perhaps do need to be given some accents. you know, that's the dog right there. like in the new one, Grinch goes out to read deader reindeer, only to find out that he had an entire family that you left behind. so not only is little old max playing mr. mom throughout the entire movie, but when it comes to him having to halt this entire sled on his own, my dog pulls all whiplash. after all four versions. there's one thing that I still don't understand, and that's him going to rob Whoville with a Santa suit on if the whole point was to not be seen. it's like when Drake says, and then he wears one throughout his entire tour, like, yeah, it helped him dupe cindy-lou but come on. obviously everyone knows the ending where the Houdini's people come out, and instead of filing a police report for everything that's been jacked from them, they just start singing, like, can you imagine getting robbed and then bursting into a chorus, of course I appreciate my mama, but you know, I'm not letting you robber. Honda Odyssey, though, that's when the Grinch pulls his iconic scene of having his heart grow three times as big when he realizes that these people aren't as bad as they seem to be, and it's wrong for him to be a savage to them. he sees what truly matters is having someone to love, someone who will stand by you through tribulations. and he stops isolating himself up at the mountains as he realizes the importance of building a community, you know, until until he realizes he needs to pay taxes. I think you guys checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. what's your favorite Christmas movie? I feel like a lot of people are always going to say the the Nightmare Before Christmas, you'll always get that dude bro who says, oh, the best Christmas movie is die hard. now, please listen very carefully. die hard is not a Christmas movie. it's a goddamn Bruce Willis movie. but I'm curious to know what your favorite one is. did you like the new Grinch? did it stand out to you? definitely let me know your thoughts about that. I know that a lot of people want to hate illumination. I'm not saying that too good in any way, shape or form. I know someone's gonna look at this video and be like, ah, I knew it LME. he's related to the minions, and that's it. you know, they're distant cousins. but you know, I can see the potential that they have in them, even if they've been over marketed in oversaturated Kherson, are your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to go check out AMC drawings. leave her comments on Instagram. tell her I know quote her a line from the Grinch. and, and, and I'll see what she says about that. don't forget to comment, like, and subscribe, and I'll send you some who hash 