welcome back to movie on today, i'm going to explain the movie called primal from 2010. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. and i hope you enjoy it. at the beginning of this movie, we saw that an ancestor was painting something on the wall. but suddenly someone came from behind and killed him. in the next scene, we saw some boys and girls. they were anthropologists. and emma got the news from her uncle that they had found some old paintings in a mountain, and they were going to that mountain. after some time, they found the mountain. they were excited after reaching the mountain. in the next scene, we saw that they got out of their car and started to climb the mountain because they wanted to see that painting with their own eyes. we saw that chad called mel to get down, but mel told him to get up, because they wanted to get to that painting through a cave so that they can get to that painting faster. but suddenly, chris stopped and called emma. but emma was so scared, chris took her with her. on the other side, we saw that chris and emma's friends had gone too far ahead. we saw that emma was so scared inside the cave, and she was breathing so heavily. she was suffocating inside the cave. and that's why emma could not control her body and got hit in the wall of the cave. as a result, she got a little cut in her hand, and some blood dropped on the floor of that cave. and emma fainted right there. after seeing this, chris screamed for help. after some time, all of them took her out of the cave. will gave the medkit to chris, but mel told him to help as well. when emma stood up, dace told them that emma will go through the mountain with the car, and the others will go through the cave. all of them agreed to this. in the next scene, we saw that the inside situation of that cave was shaking up because of emma's blood. and we saw the shake in the water as well. after some time, we saw that all of them had reached the opposite side of the cave with their belongings. all of them were so surprised after seeing the opposite side of the cave, because the view of that place was so mesmerizing. suddenly, they noticed a rock there were some paintings on that rock. and they came here this far to see these paintings. in the next scene, we saw that all of them put down their tents and lit a fire, because they will stay there to examine these paintings. but suddenly, will and emma found a pond by their tents. they were so happy to see that pond. they went closer to the pond. will picked up a bottle from the pond, and some strange bugs were eating the plastic bottle. will got so scared after seeing this, and dropped that bottle from his hand. after some time, all of them went to examine those paintings, except for chris and mel. but emma and will were so tired, and that's why they went back to their tents. but dace and chris stayed there. chris was taking pictures of those paintings. but suddenly something bit chris. and then we saw that all of them went to their tents and sat by the fire to take a rest. but mel went to the pond to swim. chad was also there. when mel came out of the pond, her body was covered with leeches. chad got so worried after seeing this. and called all of them to see that all of them pulled out those leeches from her body. mel was so scared and worried, and that's why she went back to her tent to take a rest. after some time, mel had a high fever. emma went there to see her. emma noticed that her mouth was bleeding and she was losing her teeth as well. emma told chad to call dace to help them. mel's situation was getting worse. emma told mel to lay down and take a rest. on the other side, we saw dace tell chad that leeches were never harmful to us. she went to the water, and maybe that's why she got a fever. and just for this, i can't go away from here leaving these paintings. but then emma came out of the tent to convince dace. he went inside the tent to have a look at mel. after that, dace came outside and asked them if they knew anything about the nearby cities. chad told him that, yes, i know. then dace told him that if you leave with mel now, then you will reach the city tomorrow morning. and until then, i will complete my research about these paintings. after that days put mel in the car, and he noticed that those tiny bugs had eaten the car's tires. and that's why dace took her back to the tent and laid her down to take a rest. meanwhile, something was coming out of her gums. the next morning, we saw that everyone was packing their stuff, and then chris noticed mel and walked slowly towards her. mel was eating something. when chris touched her shoulder. mel looked back. and chris got so scared after seeing her face. mel pushed her away and made a jump. after that, she attacked chad. everyone was so scared after seeing mel like this. but then day scared her off with fire. after some time, she ran away from there, but she had bitten chad in his hand. chris was looking at the photos of those paintings that she clicked. she told everyone that these paintings are not a story. these paintings are a warning for us. dace asked her to look at those photos very closely. maybe we can get some help from the warning to treat mel. chad told him that, yes, we must treat her. on the other side, we saw that mel was killing all the living animals of that forest. and she was storing them into the cave. after that, the cave was swallowing those bodies. in the next scene, all of them made a plan and started working according to their plan. they made a trap. when the trap was ready, dace told chad to wait there. and when mel will come for you, you will have to run away from her. i will wait with the rope. whenever mel will come near the trap, i will jump from the tree with the rope so that we can trap her in this net. dece told them to go in different directions to look for mel. chris asked him that, how are we supposed to find her? days told them to move the fire so that mel would get scared of the fire and run from them. but only chad will have no fire to him. remember one thing, you must take care of this fire to save yourself from mel. after saying this, dace climbed up the tree. the others went to the forest to look for mel. chad was so scared about all of this. suddenly, mel came in front of emma. emma stopped her with fire, but her fire was about to go off. but suddenly will came there and stopped her with his fire. and then they ran away from here, but mel was after them. mel saw that chad didn't have any fire to him, and she jumped towards chad. but when she was about to attack him, dace pulled the rope, and mel got trapped inside the net. she was trying to destroy the net, and she was successful. after she got out of the trap, she killed will and went after dace. but emma stopped there to help will. on the other side, chris noticed that mel had run away from there. dace was safe from her since he went under the water. dace came out of the water and checked his body for leeches. but everything was normal. at night, all of them were talking about this incident. but then suddenly mel came there and she started to eat the dead body of will. and after that, she took his dead body with her. she threw his half-eaten body inside the cave. but suddenly they started to feel sick, and they realized that it was happening because of the lake water. chris asked them, what should we do now? chad told her that now we need to kill dace. emma got so terrified after hearing this from chad. chad told them that if we don't kill him, then he will turn into something like mel, and we must kill him. they played a game to decide who would kill dace. emma lost the game, and chad gave her a knife to kill dace. emma tried to kill him, but she could not do it. but she took a rock and hit his head with a rock, and dace died. in the next scene, all of them walked slowly towards their car so that they could get a weapon from the car. but suddenly, mel came in front of them. chad was so scared to see her, and mel bit him. after that, mel went after emma. on the other side, we saw that chris reached the car, but emma went inside the cave while running. but emma noticed that mel was standing outside the cave, and she was not entering the cave. it seemed like she was so scared of this cave. on the other side, we saw that chris was looking for a weapon in the car, and dace came there. somehow chris came out of the car with the weapon. dace went after her. dace was about to bite her, but then mel came there and stopped him. and then they took chris to that cave. emma had the fire in her hand, and dace ran away from there. in the next scene, we saw that emma and chad were walking towards the cave. emma had the weapon that chris took out of the car. then she noticed that mel was eating the left out body of will. dace was beside her. chad got mad at them. after seeing this, he went there and started fighting with dace. and emma stopped mel with the fire. dace and chad fought with each other very brutally, and after the end of their fight, both of them died. mel and emma were the only survivors. emma picked up the weapon and slowly walked towards the cave. emma went inside the cave, but mel stayed outside. emma realized that maybe someone else was inside the cave. emma started to breathe heavily. suddenly she saw chris and got so scared. after that we saw emma was slowly taking her to the outside of the cave. but then we noticed that chris's belly was getting bigger and bigger. but suddenly, something attacked emma's leg, and chris's belly exploded. and a strange creature came out of her belly. but chris killed that creature. emma asked chris to help her, but the creature hit chris against the wall and she died. and then a very strange creature came in front of emma. it did a very strange act with emma. and after doing it, the creature let her go. emma picked up her weapon and attacked the creature. after attacking it, emma started to run away from there, but the creature was after her. but emma came out of the cave at the right time. the strange creature could not come out of the cave. but suddenly, mel attacked her. but emma broke her spine and destroyed her head with a big rock. and at last, mel died. emma was the only survivor among them. to watch more explanations of these kinds of movies, click on the videos on your screen, and don't forget to let me know how you feel about today's video in the comments down below. and at last, i will say, stay safe. stay well. thanks. 