welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead, season 10, episode 20. this episode's all about our zany new character, princess? yes, we're checking in with the booty call crew. yes, we're on a mission to meet eugene's new radio girlfriend. but she did not show up at the rendezvous. instead, there were a bunch of stormtroopers. what? so we pick up right there. our group is taken prisoner and separated, thrown into train cars. most of this episode is princess sitting alone in the train car, delving into the depths of her psyche. so enjoy that. from one end, she's able to talk to yumako, who's apparently in the next train car. and she's all worried about yumiko's head injury. princess gets a splinter from the wood, though, and tells yumiko a long-winded story about her childhood. to sum up, she had terrible parents. in the morning, there's enough light to see on the other end of the train car a hole has been patched up pretty lazily. she's able to pry that board right off. she finds eugene next door, like, hey, come on, let's escape. but he's like, no, hold on. he's pretty confident. his radio girlfriend belongs to this group and this is just part of their being cautious regular interview process. he's like, please, don't do anything crazy. i think if we just be friendly, they'll be friendly. it's all good. and indeed, pretty soon princess is taken in for questioning. they're asking her some basic stuff like, what's your name and where are you from? but she refuses to answer. she's just like, how's yuma go? she's injured. you guys beat up her head. like, are you taking care of her? to be fair, though, her interviewer is being a huge dick then he calls her the b word and slaps her. well, not cool, bro. a little later, back in a train car, there's someone on their roof. who's this, wow. it's king ezekiel busting in. he's like, yeah, i don't trust these people either. let's make a plan to escape. and when a stormtrooper comes in to bring her lunch, ezekiel, bam, knocks him out. they're trying to interview this kid, like, yo, where are our friends? but he's like, yo, i don't know. i'm just the grunt who's here to feed you. he promises they're part of a good, friendly community. and this is indeed just the standard interview process. but ezekiel uncharacteristically freaks out, starts beating this guy. oh, ezekiel, stop. but now get ready for the twist, cause it wasn't ezekiel at all. it was princess. yes, she's gone full-on crazy. she just imagined her conversations with yumiko and eugene and ezekiel. she goes to escape, but at the fence, she has another imaginary conversation with ezekiel hanging out with some zombies. long story short, she's like, i've been alone for so long. i should really go out and just be on my own, but i like these new friends. they're cool. i'm gonna save them. so she goes back to talk to this guard. like, hey man, sorry about that. i promise i'm not actually crazy. i was just, you know, like a little bit crazy cooped up in here. i mean, there's the adhd, the anxiety, the ptsd, the depression, the crushing loneliness, and the active imagination that helps me cope with all of that. she agrees to play nice and answer all their questions. my name is princess. i'm from pittsburgh. these are my new friends. i don't know him that well, but i really like him. and he's like, cool. see, it wasn't that hard. you can come out and reunite with your friends now. but outside, whoa, they've got bags on their heads. oh, are they the bad guys? we'll find out next season. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 