don't breathe 2 is about to hit theaters, and it's been 5 years since the first film was released. so if you need a quick refresher, don't worry. this is a recap of everything that happened in don't breathe to prepare you for don't breathe too. don't breathe follows three small, small-time thieves named rocky, alex and money, who make their living by breaking into houses to steal valuables. you know how thieves work. alex's father works for a security company, so he's able to easily disarm security alarms. rocky, meanwhile, is looking for a big score so she can finally leave town and bring her young sister with her, away from their abusive mother and her alcoholic boyfriend. and speaking of the big score, money is tipped off about an old war veteran named norman nordstrom, who lives in an abandoned neighborhood and recently received a 300 000 settlement from the family of a drunk driver who killed his daughter in a car accident. when rocky alex and money case norman's house, they discover that the veteran also happens to be blind. and so the trio drugged norman's rottweiler and break into his home. money attempts to use sleeping gas on norman and then shoots a lock that leads into the home's basement, where he assumes the money is being held. but the sleeping gas didn't work on norman, and the gunshot alerts him to the intruders. norman overpowers money and shoots him dead, as rocky and alex hide. norman goes about locking and sealing every exit to his house, then checks his closet safe to ensure that his money was still there. unbeknownst to him, rocky is hiding in the closet and sees him enter the safe's code. when norman leaves, she opens the safe and steals all of the money. as norman searches his house for intruders, rocky and alex retreat to the basement where they discover a chained and gagged woman, who turns out to be cindy roberts, the drunk driver that killed norman's daughter. rocky and alex release her and try to help her escape, but the group is found by norman, who opens fire and inadvertently kills sydney by mistake. norman breaks down into tears when he realizes who it was he really killed. then turns off all of the basement's lights to hunt rocky and alex without any light. rocky and alex were just as blind as norman. but luckily for them, alex manages to knock out the blind homeowner upstairs. norman's rottweiler has woken up and gives chase to rocky and alex, who gets separated. norman finds alex first and seemingly kills him with some gardening shears. then norman finds rocky and brings her back down to the basement and chains her up, similarly to cindy roberts. norman explains that he had gotten cindy pregnant with a new child to replace his dead daughter, and now norman was going to artificially inseminate rocky using a turkey baster, promising to let her go whenever she gives birth to norman's new child. but before norman can go through with his plan, alex arrives to save the day, and it's revealed that when norman thought he stabbed alex, he had actually stabbed the body of money alex frees rocky and they handcuffed norman. just as rocky and alex open the front door to norman's house, norman breaks free from his chains and shoots alex dead. rocky escapes the house, but is chased down by norman's rottweiler. as she traps the dog, norman catches up to her and knocks her out, then drags her back to his home. inside norman's house, once again, rocky manages to set off the home security alarm. disoriented by the loud noises, rocky manages to get the upper hand. she beats norman and kicks him down into the basement, hitting the ground, his gun goes off and shoots him in the side. believing him dead, rocky leaves the house with the stolen money in tow. as the movie ends, rocky and her sister are at the airport, finally ready to leave this life behind for a better one. before they board the plane, rocky sees on the news that norman survived the attack and was reported to have killed two intruders, alex and money, in self-defense. there was no mention of his heinous crimes against sydney roberts, but there was also no mention of rocky getting away with norman's stolen money. and so rocky and her sister board the plane. and that's everything that happened in don't breathe. let me know your favorite moments in the comments below. what are you most excited to see in the sequel? like this video. subscribe for more content like it. that does it for me in this video, but i'll see you in the next one. you 