welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and it's nice to see you too. see you, Ice, Ice Baby. Batman is back in a big, bad way, and the Caped Crusader is making clickbait comic book websites richer than Bruce Wayne. there's been a whole host of reports on how many versions of Batman is going to be coming out. and throughout this video, we'll be breaking down all of the news you need to know on whether we think they're true or not. now, if you haven't subscribed them, make sure you do, otherwise I'll block you. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the breakdown. without the way, thank you so much for clicking this. let's get into our report of all this week's Batman news. okay, so since Michael Keaton was reported as being in talks with Warner Brothers to take over the role of Ben Affleck, inevitably, other things have started to surface in regards to what his version of the character will be up to. it was said that Keaton's Batman was going to be a Nick Fury like men to figure that popped in and out of projects across the DCU. giving guidance gadgets and also punching people in the face. with Keaton being an older actor, many started theorized that he would become a Bruce Wayne and Batman Beyond type figure. and this quickly got a lot of fans excited over the possibility of Terry McGinnis appearing in the DC. EU - well, it looks like things are actually in the works, with a lot of comic-book websites dropping reports and there being a movie in development featuring Batman Beyond at Warner Brothers. super duper pooper-scooper, Daniel RPK, put out a post last week that said Batman Beyond is currently being worked on. and then comic book coma just put out a huge article discussing it. now, as always, take this with a pinch of salt, as it doesn't come from trades, and it's instead from a scooper with inside sources that can't be named, but saying that, actually, do you think that this rumor makes a lot of sense? and that's why there's a ton of weight that comes with it? now, to me, this kind of thing rests on the caveat that the Keaton talks are true, as I think that if you don't have him, and you can't really make an older Bruce Wayne, which means you then can't have Batman Beyond, and so on and so forth. however, if they are true, then it definitely fits in with the overall at WB vision at the moment. and I think it makes a lot of sense. as we know, Pattinson z' film will most likely be in a standalone universe similar to the Joker, and thus the DC EU needs its own Batman. Keaton is probably too old at this point to be believably taking down mr. freeze and his ice puns. so he's likely been given the cold shoulder in favor of a young up-and-comer that's far cooler than he is. it's the best of both worlds. and for someone that's wanted to see Batman Beyond on the big screen for yes now, I definitely think it makes sense to do it now when we have an older Batman in place. now, coupled with the Keaton rumors are ones that Michelle Pfeiffer will be coming back, if he does - if you checked out crisis on Infinite Earths, and you may remember that there was an easter egg in that in which we saw the 89 Batman universe and Robert wall wall was reading a clickbait newspaper that said Bruce had married Selena. and due to ezra showing up and talking to grant gustin's flash, the DC EU and this world could all be linked. so once more, we have news hanging on the caveat that if Keaton comes back, then we could be getting Batman Beyond, and Michelle Pfeiffer breaking out the old cat suit for the boys or girls, we don't discriminate. now I hope Keaton does do it, especially if they're connecting everything together, like the arrowverse and flash movie, which is what he's meant to be debuting in. I'd really love to see Keaton back in the cave. and hopefully Ezra goes around and asks them nicely to come back. no, no, no, Ezra, no, stop. you. you killing her. I'm speaking of Keaton. you may have also seen rumors that stem from super-duper-duper pooper-scooper Jeremy Conrad, that if talks fall through with Keaton, that Christian Bale will be asked to take over the reins. Conrad also said that WB had not approached Ben Affleck and that they decided to go in another direction, which does add more weight to our thinking that a flick won't be back. because, yeah, why would he if they're casting other actors in the role? surely you would just use Affleck if you were going to do any of that stuff, and you wouldn't need to recast. yeah, I still don't get how these rumors pick up so much steam. anyway, I've noticed a lot of sites running with the Bale story just for the sake of running with it, because it's been a slow news and they need people to visit their site. but no, bail is not in talks. it's just that WB are thinking of approaching him. a lot of sites have sort of embellished on what Conrad initially actually said, and put words in his mouth, saying that bail will definitely be back if Keaton's not. luckily, we here at the channel can actually read and Conrad's exact words on the post where I've learned that if the Keating talks fall through and he doesn't come back, WB will attempt to get Christian Bale to return again as an older Batman from a different universe who will take on the mentor role in the DCE, you following flashpoint soft reboot. of course, that raises the question about whether or not bail would even want to come back without Nolan involved. but the idea that WB would go to bail before Affleck shows that they're respecting his newfound happiness with putting the Batman role behind him. one could only hope that bands do his will. so yeah, at no point does he say that bail isn't talks. I doubt that he would come back, since the actor has said multiple, multiple, multiple times that he won't be bailed. basically went through the same thing as batfleck, where he was asked numerous times if he would come back, and he said no. this was around the time of BVS being developed, before Ben was cast in the role. and he was asked absolutely none stop back then. and you could tell the guy was sick of being asked. it even got to the point that a fan theory developed, which said that Deathstroke was actually masquerading as Batman in Batman V Superman, and that Bale would be coming back further down the line. if you're old enough to remember that, then this is probably why you've seen the same thing happening with batfleck. and now that this sort of thing always happens around the time of a recast, the bail thing is so bad that even the sites running this story are pretty much telling you that this isn't happening and is a lot of crap. and if you look at Conrad's original post, and no point does he say it's true. so I can't see it happening at all. if it does, I'll eat my bat and yes, it's still far too soon to be making jokes like that. now, before we get into the rest of the video, I just want to let you know we're giving away a free copy of the MCU infinity saga box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel, leave your thoughts on the updates in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of July in the cell be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. ok. and finally is the news that cetana is currently in development a Warner Bros. now, we kinda touched on this before, and did a whole segment on it in our last video. but if you go to the DC fandom mobile website, you can submit your questions to panels and upcoming projects. amongst the likes of Aquaman, Shazam, the Snyder cut and more, were two secret movies. and it looks like we might know at least one of them will be cetana. again, this comes from super-duper Trouper bloody pooper scooper, Jeremy Conrad, who says that WP has finally begun development on a movie featuring cetana. and I'm told this will be separate from the Justice League project bad robot is working on. it also sounds like other characters who have been members of Justice League dark might also head to the big screen, but that's much further out. I know, Jeremy Conrad doesn't sound that cool in real life, yeah, but I'm, I'm doing you a favor there, mate. yeah. so make sure you thumbs it up. now, this has a lot of contention to it, with Grace Randolph staying at the film. project was two years ago, and that cetana will actually just be appearing in the HBO Mac show. so bit back and forth over what's true and what isn't. but it was definitely reported by deadline two years ago that cetana was in the works. but whether this has been revitalized or not, we don't know. so either Jeremy is the one telling the truth, or grace is a bloody disgrace. sorry about that, grace, if you're watching this. yeah, I don't know what's true and what isn't, but personally, I would lean more towards the Turner just being in with the group in Justice League dark as it doesn't make sense to do a solo movie that isn't associated with with them. but I suppose we are getting 25 batman movies, so if it is true, then that's probably going to be the secret movie. and if it's not, then it's not gonna be the secret movie. yeah, we're working it all out here. now. of course, with news on this, everyone has been doing their fan casting, which is ranged from anna de armas to isaac Gonzalez, Tom Holland, Robert Downey jr. and a lot more. that's a joke, by the way, because those two always get fan casted. and everything. and I'm talking about the first two, obviously. now, I actually think that Gonzalez, know a bit of a Xuan, would be great in the role. she was brilliant in bloodshot, and she left my eyes bloodshot from all the Wang wandering I was doing about her being in a DC movie. she's proved she can be part of a big-budget movie and fit in with the best of them. so I definitely think that out of all of the ones I've seen so far, she seems the best. she also wears a hat in a photo, so all the people that make fan art, they've had half their job done for them. I might even drop that fall in the thumbnail to trick people into watching this. and obviously it worked, because you're here. okay, so that's everything. to get you up to date. I'm actually taking a week off this week. so if there's any big Batman use, probably won't be around to cover it until about the 12th of July at the earliest. I've got a couple of videos lined up to keep the channel taking over until then, but they aren't anything breaking news wise. so if the Batmobile shows up to your house and I don't talk about it, then you know why. I know no one else watches these videos other than me and you, so we should be okay. just make sure you don't tell anyone about the Batmobile news, otherwise I'll block you. and also hit the thumbs up button on the way out. yeah. now, if you missed our last DC breakdown on the right Fisher drama, the secret DC movies are more than make sure you check it out after this. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, and please consider clicking the join button. you can also come chat to us on our discord server link below, or, at heavy spoilers, on Twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best I've been definition. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. let's ice - see you - see you. ice, you 