welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead world beyond. episode five, our gang needs to cross the great mississippi river. all the bridges were destroyed at the beginning of the zombie apocalypse, and the boats are all broken. so our crew of wily teenagers are ready to fix one up. they go to a nearby warehouse to find supplies. in this episode, it is elton whose backstory we get. his parents were scientists at the museum. that's why he had a triceratops horn. his dad didn't pull any punches explaining how the dinosaurs were incinerated by a meteor. it's like, yes, an unhappy truth is better than a happy lie. but then when the zombie apocalypse broke out, he hands out in the triceratops horn like, hey, this horn is magic. it'll keep you safe. anyway, the crew starts building their boat. but remember, the adults, felix and huck, are still hoping to convince the kids to turn around. felix started getting through elton last episode, and is hoping to have him on their side when the conversation starts. but hope overhears them plotting and blows the whole thing up. huck talks to hope. these two were always tight. and at first it's like, hey, yeah. i wanted to turn you guys around because, i mean, you're all gonna die out here. but now i see you guys are committed to it. an adventure like this makes you stronger, so i'm in to help. huck reveals how she got her nickname. by the way, she floated into the omaha colony on a raft down the missouri river. so they called her huck, like huckleberry. finn iris and felix got to an old bar daiquiri town where they have a heart to heart. now, felix was brought in by their dad. apparently he was kind of like an older brother to them. in fact, felix was originally going to go with their dad to the civic republic as his security detail, but their dad was like, yo, felix, i need you to stay behind and look after my daughters. so it's felix's boyfriend, will who went with him. so if they really are in danger, felix is just as invested as the girls and saving them. but now a thunderstorms have come in, and oh, lightning strikes the pole and opens up daiquiri town. the zombie's coming out. the gang rushes to finish the boat, instead of just waiting till the storm passes, because i guess the rising water level would carry it away. they're not just gonna paddle, by the way. they need an engine to fight the current, and they're gonna use as fuel nail polish. it actually works, but, oh, something gets disconnected. the smallest member of the group's gotta go down there and fix it. we learned last episode that elton is claustrophobic, though it's because he wrote out the zombie apocalypse in this little box. but he faces his fear reciting the planets as he crawls down there and fixes the thing. the boat's too heavy to push. they might have to give up and turn around after all. but felix comes in to help with the wedge and saves the day. they're floating across the river, narrowly escaping the zombie horde. it's gonna be a dangerous crossing during a thunderstorm, but actually, the skies cleared up. i guess they just forgot about that. so now on the other side of the mississippi, huk is going to go out on a solo two-day scouting mission to see what's out there. elton cries for a while thinking about his dead parents. he's finishing his mom's manuscript, which seems to be a super cheesy kids science book. when elton left his box, he found his dad dead, literally zero feet from where he started. he did not make it very far, but he never found his mom. he has hope she's still alive, out there with his baby sister. remember, she was pregnant. elton shows a picture of his mom to hope, who immediately recognizes her as the woman she shot and killed as a kid. oh boy. that's gonna be some drama. watch out for that. but first, someone's approaching camp. that's not a zombie. it's a person with a stick. from the next episode preview, is apparently a new teenage dude with some sort of side quest for him. find out on the next episode of walking dead, world beyond. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 