ocean's 11 is a hits comedy film about danny ocean, who wants to score the biggest hits in history. he combines an 11 member team including frank cotton, rusty ryan and linus carnwell. the target the bellagio, the marriage and the mgm grant, all casinos owned by terry benedict, is not going to be easy. as a plan to get in secretly and out with 150 million dollars. danian ocean, a convicted thief, is being questioned by a parallel board about his upcoming release from prison and the chances of him breaking the law again. when asked what he would do if released from prison, he simply smiles without answering. ocean is released from his new jersey prison and goes to an atlantic city casino to meet with his old friend, frank cotton, bernie mark, who works there as a blackjack dealer. the two of them pretend not to know each other and uses coded phrases to meet up later somewhere more private, away from casino security. they talk about him and where to find him. next. he violates his pyro by traveling to california to meet his partner in crime and friend rusty ryan to propose a heat the two go to las vegas to pitch the blind to a wealthy friend and former casino owner, ruben tishkov. the plan consists of simultaneously robbing the bellagio, the marriage and the mgm ground casinos. reuben's familiarity with casino security makes him very reluctant to get involved. but when he starts to think of it as a good way to get back at his rival, terry benedict, who owns all three casinos, ribbon agreed to finance the operation, danny and rusty recruit eight former colleagues and criminal specialist, linus cartwell, a young and talented pickpocket, frank cotton, a casino worker in content, a pair of gifted mechanics, livingston dell, an electronics and civilians, expert and bashar tar an explosive expert, saw blim and elderly con man, and the amazing yen and accomplished acrobats. several team members carry out reconnaissance at the bellagio to learn as much as possible about the security, the routines, the behaviors of the casino staff and the building itself. other members create a precise replica of the vault with which to practice maneuvering through its formidable security systems. during this planning phase, the team discovers that dany's ex-wife, tess, is benedict's girlfriend. rusty urges danny to give up on the plan, believing dany incapable of sound judgment while chess is involved. but then it refuses. on the night of the fight, and the plan is put into motion. dany shows up at the bellagio, purposely to be seen by benedict, who, as predicted, locks him in a star room with bruiser, a bouncer. however, bruises on danny's payroll and allows him to access the vent system and join his team as they seize the vault, coincident to the activities of their other team members. even around the casino, rusty calls benedict on a cell phone, then he dropped in touch scoped earlier, and tells him that unless he lets them have half of the money in the vault, they will blow it up. bendix sees video footage confirming rusty's claim. benedict compliance, having his bodyguards take the loaded duffel bags to a waiting van. driving by the remote control. benedict has his man to follow the van while he calls in the swat team to try to secure the vault. the swat team's arrival causes the shootout to set off the explosives and incinerate the remaining cash. after affirming the premises otherwise is secure, the swat team collects their gear and departs, as benedict arrives to examine the range vault himself. his men stopped the van and find the bags were only loaded with flyers for prostitutes. benedict studies the video footage and recognizes that the flooring involved on the video lacks the bellagio logo, which has been added only recently to the vault. it is shown that danny's team used their protest vote to create fake footage to form benedict. furthermore, they themselves were the swat team and used their gear back to take all the money from the vote, right under benedict's nose. benedict goes to see that dany has seemingly been locked up in the store room throughout the heat and searched innocent many crime. as ted watches vacc tv, dany tricks benedict into saying he would give up tests in exchange for the money benefit. unsatisfied to danny's plan to get back the money, orders his men to escort dany off the premises and inform the police that he is violating his parole by being in las vegas. tess leaves benedict and exits the hotel just in time to see dany arrested. the rest of the team bask in the victory in front of the fountains of the bellagio, silently going their separate ways one by one. when dany is released, after saving time with peril violation, he is met by rusty and tess. the drive off, closely followed by benedict bodyguards, 