welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going to attempt to manage our way through a haunting from an evil mr. Tumnus with the 2009 film, drag me to hell. let's get to it. we open at the Bodega Bay Hotel, where the mistress of the house is sought for help with the young thief who's been hearing voices and having nightly visitations. she tries to realign his chakras with a sage burn, but it doesn't go well, and he finds himself being welcomed into the warm embrace of hell. but it should be pointed out that he never stole again. we then transitioned to Christine in modern day. we find her on an uphill climb, crushing it at work, making dreams come true and gunning for that assistant manager position. she's in direct competition with Stu, an aggressive go-getter also known as an [ __ ]. she spends lunch with her boo clay, who just achieved his doctorate in psychology, and is played by Justin Long Rimmer. Justin guys. anyway, his mom's a [ __ ], and openly attempts to set him up with a more socially advantageous mate. given this, Christine decides it's time to show she's got the same balls as any man, and sticks it hard to her next customer, a filthy cur looking for an extension on her mortgage. don't you try, nah, fam. I'm trying to get my life straight. she gives her the bad news, and then is graced with the worst possible outcome, shaming mrs. ghanoush in the process. this leads to a startling and brutal confrontation in the parking garage, characterized by a stapler assault, excessive chin gumming and is capped off with a classic button curse. clay tries to reassure her later, but christine has the distinct sense her life is now haunted. so she goes in for a psychic reading. here they meet rob, their spiritual guide. after a little intellectual dick wagging, and Freud said destiny was not an act of fate, but rather something created by her subconscious to control our encounters choices, get over it, clay, psychology isn't even a hard science. things get spooked astok. and Rob declares her cursed by a dark spirit. sure enough, that night, while baking and evil wind passes through the house. enlightened shadow danced upon the wall of voguing, a sinister silhouette that ends up knocking her down. she eventually comes to accept the doctor's analysis that this event represents her re-experience trauma from her earlier attack. despite all of this trauma, she's back at work the next day like a true American hero, although she's unable to concentrate on productivity due to some disturbing visions. in an actual physical manifestation at proud should have gotten a branch at least temporarily closed down. she attempts to go to mrs. Canisius residence to make everything all right, but is unable because mrs. Kadosh is dead. she finds herself in the middle of a gypsy wake, where she's once again accosted by the deceased. she consults with ROM who has identified her tormentors Lamia, a cursed goat demon who terrifies its victims for several days before taking their soul to hell. she could possibly placate the demon with the blood sacrifice. I'm a vegetarian, but not a vegan, a pretty significant daytime spook makes sacrifice look very appealing. for some reason, she opts to go domestic rather than livestock, and kills her kitty like an absolute savage, allowing yourself the luxury of optimism. she's excited to meet Clay's parents at their home for dinner, dressed to kill and offering them a taste of her peasant cake. the dinner unfolds like a job interview, but she nails it, lightening the mood. but that cloven-hoofed bastard rejected her offering and starts messing about, resulting in her impolitely coughing up a fly and exhibiting other disturbing behavior. she's upset with rom but there are no guarantees when dealing with demons. he offers her outside consultation at the price of ten thousand dollars. she goes to pawn her belongings, not realizing the trade-in rate for DVD players is poor. to keep things exciting, she suffers a spiritual attack in her shed, where she luckily has a full Wiley coyote setup ready to go. and they laughed when you claimed hanging an anvil was a good idea? well, who's laughing. now, she only scrapes together $3,800. but clay comes in last minute to reveal he paid rom the fee because he knows when his lady's in need somehow. and she lovingly stares at him with dead eyes. they arrive at Bodega Bay to find the mistress from the opening looking to fulfill her lifelong quest of increasing her Lamia win rate to 50%. you and your money, apparently. so they dragon a goat, Nach, set the lights and get down to business. they begin the incantations, and christine is instructed to welcome the darkness into her soul. their first spooked on by some spirits who liked a loiter near the door between worlds. but these losers are easily cast off. and then Lamia shows up, and the medium becomes his host. they begin a negotiation over the matter of her soul, and with quick thinking, she transfers Lamia to the coats. however, the manservant fails in his one task, taking over hosting duties. instead, Lamia takes a little Joyride in his new body. but then Shaun San Dena wakes up and uses the power of her and to banish Lamia to the spirit realm before Keeling over. her life's work. now complete, rom then regretfully informs Christine that all she actually did was cast Lamia out of the host. she didn't reverse the curse since the goat wasn't properly slaughtered. now in dire straits, he gives her the option of transferring the curse to someone else. after a near miss with a senior citizen on the way home, she scrambles to find her envelope and decide who to bless with this curse. she confirms with rom that the rules appear to allow transfer to a dead person, since the soul is still intact. so after a tremendous effort, she makes a whole thing of cramming the button down the throat. if mrs. ganaches corpse, things are looking up for old Christine. she got the promotion, got a new coat, and she and clay are riding a train also. he's excited to show her that he found her old button on the floorboard of his car. she's so shook by this that she falls into the tracks and is saved from the speeding train by the demons dragging her to he'll see him, you stinker. and that was dragged me to help a well-regarded return to form. for Rainey, trying to purge himself of spider-man 3, stank. if you enjoy the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. [Music]. 