thousands of years ago, darkseid and his legions of parademons attempted to conquer earth using the mother boxes. the attempt was foiled by a unified alliance of the olympian gods, amazons, atlanteans, humans and a green lantern. after the battle, the mother boxes were separated and hidden in different locations. in the present, superman's death triggers the mother box's reactivation, attracting steppenwolf, one of darkseid's servants, to earth. steppenwolf, who has fallen out of favor with darkseid, aims to regain it by gathering the boxes to form the unity which would terraform earth in the likeness of their world apocalypse. steppenwolf retrieves a mother box from themyscira, prompting queen hippolyta to warn her daughter, diana prince, who informs bruce wayne. wayne and prince seek to form a team of meta-humans to protect earth in superman's absence. wayne locates arthur curry and barry allen, while prince locates victor stone. allen joins instantly, while curry and stone refuse. however, stone joins after his father silas and several other star labs employees are kidnapped by parademons seeking the humans motherbox. steppenwolf attacks an atlantean outpost to retrieve their mother box, forcing curry into action. the team receives intel from commissioner gordon, leading them to steppenwolf's army in an abandoned facility under gotham harbor. although the group rescues the kidnapped employees, the facility is flooded during combat, which traps the team until curry helps delay the flood so they can escape. stone retrieves the last mother box, which he had hidden for the group to analyze. stone reveals that silas used the mother box to rebuild his body after a car accident. he also reveals that the mother boxes are change machines that unfalteringly enforce the will of their master, destroying or restoring to life without bias. the group decides to use the mother box to resurrect superman to help fight steppenwolf. allen and stone exhume superman's body, and the group places it in the amniotic fluid of the genesis chamber in a kryptonian scout ship kept in star labs. and after alan activates the mother box. an amnesic superman is resurrected. a confused superman attacks the group after stone accidentally launches an attack at him. lois lane, who has been regularly visiting superman's memorial, arrives in time to calm superman down. together they leave for his family home in smallville, where he regains his memories and reunites with his mother martha. steppenwolf attacks star labs and retrieves the last mother box. though silas manages to supercharge the box with laser heat at the cost of his own life, allowing stone to deduce its location by tracing the residual heat. without superman, the five heroes travel to where steppenwolf aims to unite the mother boxes. the team fights their way through the pair parademons to reach the mother boxes, but cannot distract steppenwolf enough for stone to separate the mother boxes. superman arrives and overpowers steppenwolf, but the boxes merge to form the unity, causing a massive explosion. allen enters the speed force and reverses time, allowing superman and stone to separate the mother boxes. curry stabs steppenwolf, and prince decapitates him, throwing his body through a portal to apocalypse. darkseid assures his servants he will return to earth to complete his quest for the anti-life equation. after the battle, wayne prince and alfred pennyworth agreed to set up a base of operations at the former wayne manor with room for more members. as the team forms, prince receives another message from the amazons. allen acquires a job in central city's police department, which impresses his father. henry stone is inspired by a message from his father to use his abilities for good. curry bids farewell tamara and his mentor vulco, as he goes to see his father. and superman resumes his life as reporter. clark kent and as protector of earth lex luthor, who escaped from arkham asylum, is visited by slade wilson, to whom luther reveals batman's secret identity. after having a dream involving stone, allen mara wilson, the joker and an evil superman. in a post-apocalyptic world. wayne receives a visit from the martian manhunter, who previously visited lois lane disguised as martha. he thanks wayne for assembling the team, before saying they will be in contact in preparation for darkseid's next plans 