welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and with The Witcher now our worldwide on Netflix, it's time to break down everything that you need to know about this show and it's ending. throughout this video, we're going to be going through the first seasons overall, plot the final few scenes and our theories for what could be happening down the line. we'll also be discussing the order of the show's events and how the timeline for the season works. now, obviously, there's gonna be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the full season yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of The Witcher, Season 1. this is finally the moment you've decided to actually care about someone other than yourself. Irish. similar to the source material and game adaptation, The Witcher follows Geralt of Rivia, a monster hunter for hire that deals with the darker side of life, living in a world that mixes the balance between mysticism and magic. I'm just gonna be giving a top-level view of the story, as it's very, very dense. and, uh, yeah, it could be sat here for hours just talking about things due to the mythology and inner workings of it. this is one of the most difficult breakdowns I've ever put together. so, yeah, just to keep it simple, we're going to be going over the main events and how they interconnect. there's sort of three main pots that go throughout the story line, and all intertwine, making a brilliant narrative. though initially they seem disconnected, we see how events play into one another, and by the end, they actually tie quite well together. Ilyana Geralt is brought to a wizard named straggle Bal, a man hidden away because of a target on his back, who attempts to hire him to assassinate a mutant princess named rain-free that was born under the Black Sun. though he rejects the job, it's this path that brings him into a world of war invasion, and he becomes thrust into the battle between the forces of good and evil. we learn that there was a group of females born into the Black Sun that came into the world with mutations and powers that could decimate the planet. though the majority of those possessing these abilities were wiped out, some still remain, as we learned throughout the season. the show really starts with a bang of pasturing, incredible at large-scale battles across the screen that have callbacks and nods to the Battle of Hastings and many other fantasy epics. early on, this feels like an amazing replacement to fill the hole left by Game of Thrones. a Netflix spared no expense when it came to production values. henry cavill - absolutely nails Geralt, and he really gets lost in the character, masterfully recapturing his voice, mannerisms and solitary persona in a way that feels authentic. there were initially complaints about his luck, but within the first five minutes, I think you'll be completely lost in the performance as he perfectly brings the character to life. elsewhere in the show exists the subplot, which centers around princess Sarie and her kingdom of sintra, which is upended when the forces of nilfgaard over on it. series. mother died when she was younger, and she's now looked after by her grandmother, kalantay, who - passes away in the opening of the season, though she does probably, which I'll explain in just a bit, before her home is taken and all of her friends are told to drink the kool-aid, she's given the strict instructions to find Gareth for protection. and we learned throughout the season that series scimitar n3 possesses incredible powers. this is because, as we discover, her mother had a mutation. that may be because she too was born under a black Sun. she was likely never wiped out because of her bloodline, and also because Sentra distanced themselves from the forces of straggle Bohr and the Sorcerer's this has never explicitly stated, but I think it's heavily inferred. like a lot of the show, is about drawing your own conclusions and filling in the gaps. but we do know from the original works that ciri was always destined to become a witcher. we learn in the show that Geralt was in sintra during its invasion, but he was given a false child to God and then imprisoned. when he discovered this, the law of surprise was broken. and this is why Geralt was not there for her when the Kingdom fell, though he does try to track it down. now, the revelations of this season may leave some confused, and the events of the show are difficult to understand without fully laying out the order that they happen in. the show plays very loosely with its chronology, putting certain scenes that actually set things up in the first episode in the midpoint of the season. this makes the timeline very difficult to wrap your head around at points. but basically, the majority of the Geralt story showcases the events that led up to the birth of ciri gerelds. timeline mainly takes place in the past, whereas series is in the present. Geralt catches up eventually. but yeah, this is like a pulp fiction layout as far as story goes. series life and what led up to it is what the show mainly revolves around. and as someone who had only played The Witcher 3, I absolutely loved seeing one of the game's main characters in her infancy, getting a fully fleshed out backstory. in the past, Geralt el tren free that if she kills Strega boar, then she will become a monster. but accepting this, she in the protagonist go head-to-head, leading to him killing her and ultimately being banished by struggle ball, who yet he's his duplicitous as suspected. yeah, yeah, thumbs up if you guessed that. Geralt clearly ends up regretting this, and throughout the season, he's haunted by this big mistake. and the prophecy that rent free gives him. this puts him on a path with destiny in which he'll eventually end up having his life bound to ciri. but along the way, he meets yennefer. when we first come across her, she's a hunchback that's completely unrecognizable from how I'm sure most of you remember her from the game, or are there that sexy lads, lads, lads? straggler ball has his eyes set on her, and aside from Geralt, she quickly becomes one of the best characters in the show. though she's initially led to believe that she's nothing, she's actually the perfect candidate for ascension due to her emotion. and straggle Baal uses all of those at its disposal to win her round. this is exemplified in scenes where she falls in love with a mage after, he shows her the golden jellyfish that bring her aside over the world that she's never seen. we then later see that a classmates are transformed into eels, and upon touching the water, they glisten the surface with a sparkling electricity that slowly was headed to becoming more trusting and docile towards her captors. yennefer was born disfigured and crooked, but through a painful magic procedure, she's transformed. though this comes at a very heavy cost. in order to be reborn, she can no longer bear children, and her womb is removed. it cements how much the sorcerers, through manipulating her by showing Beauty, have changed how she views the world, which ultimately she ends up regretting. the timeline takes place both in the past and present. and out of the arcs of the show, it's probably the most straightforward to follow, I think. overall, though, the show is really gonna get people invested in all of the arcs, as it's expertly produced, perfectly acted. and yet there's just a level of quality here that elevates it above a lot of shows and the fantasy genre. it's too early to say if this is better than Game of Thrones, but with that having a very lackluster final season, this definitely has the potential to knock it off the top spot, as it's a really strong entry. the game always allowed choices for the players, which is also reflected in the show with Geralt having to deal with the repercussions of his actions. it also presents several episodes as what I would label as side quests, which, while some may see as filler, are definitely in keeping with the source material. many things are captured perfectly, such as quests changing their course of admission. and the creative team really thought about what makes the game the way that it is and how to translate this to a show. however, this leaves some of Geralt feeling a bit, well, sort of like filler that, while enjoyable, add a little to the overall plot. but I will say they do have a good variety to them. this includes hunting a quote-unquote devil, reversing a straggler curse and a princess, stopping a dragon and attending a wedding. you also run into elves who, after being stripped of their castles and now live in caves, hated and hunted by humans who committed genocide on their race. we learned that yennefer is real father was in Alphen. this kind of hints at how she developed such abilities. but because of human prejudice, the race is highly persecuted. he'll ever divulge 'sister the council who planned to send her to know god. but after a transformation, she wins the hearts of many, including the king of a gang. yo, yo, did you turn the playstation off? get get that sexy bug off. get it back up. this vids for the lads. the sorcerers are using their mages to control each kingdom, strategically placing them in order to rule the courts. they deliberately sterilize their mages so that they can never have a family and will always be tied to them. but it does backfire on those who resist. with all magic comes a cost, but this one just feels overly cruel and manipulative. from Jilla, one of the sorceresses ends up going to nilfgaard is. she's sort of cock-blocked by yennefer, and this hints at this invasion may be driven by her though nilfgaard Sempra is said to be behind it. i know it's not something, again, that's explicitly stated in the show, but we do learn that since she joined the core, they've had massive advancements. so she was likely instrumental in the conquests. she also participates heavily in the final battle. so yeah, this is just the conclusion that it came to. a lot of this is very much filling in the blanks. so yeah, let me know your thoughts in the comments if you agree or not. yennefer detaches herself from the sorceress. after she fails to protect her mother and son and sees the corruption of the kingdom firsthand, she leaves her post and begins working as a mage. desperate to find a way to reverse her inability to bear children, she tries to do whatever she can to rebuild her womb. it's during this out of path crosses with Geralt and a to meet for the first time Geralt, who, and wittingly unleashes a Djinn makes a wish in order to save her. and this eventually drives a wedge between the two as it comes into question what it really was. the book actually never says explicitly what was said in the wish. but the best, and theory that I've seen, says that he may have wished for the two to have a baby together one day, which would not only have bound their fates together, but also reversed her predicament. though she can't currently have children, it does mean that eventually she may discover a way to. and yeah, this was my favorite one that I found. we don't ever find out what was said, though, and it potentially creates paranoia in yen who believes that he may have wished for them to fall in love. yennefer, who is desperate to have a child, becomes angered by this, as she can no longer trust her feelings, and as Geralt is sterile, she is forever going to be unable to have the thing that she wants the most. his lip service given to a child at Geralt Balin himself - and one that he lost, which is, of course revealed to be ciri. yennefer ends up leaving though, and being called to defend against an elf garden patient. in this point of the show, during series timeline, we see a stumble across a tribe of women known as the druids that live in broccoli and forest. she's being hunted, tracked through the land by someone known as the man with the winged helmet. shapeshifters, men and those with black hearts seek to find her. and, oh my god, I'm starting to talk like them. one disguises himself as mouse sack and tries to tempt her into joining him on an apparent quest to find Geralt. but through asking questions about their shared history, she discovers the truth. it's a real tense standoff, and they learn that they're being tracked by the nilfgaardian forces. ciri manages to get away, and we learn that the man with the winged helmet is actually named cahier, a big character from the book that even ends up joining Geralt at one point throughout the story. he does initially come across as a villain, and his arc actually differs quite a bit from the Netflix show. in the book, after serious scape from the forces, he was initially jailed for a year, though this doesn't really play out here. eventually, everything lines up for the final episode, with Geralt discovering ciri after being helped by a man whose life he saves and a mysterious character. this is actually a vision of a Senna Geralt real mother, but Senna was a healer and sorceress. and similar to how they mean the show, they come face-to-face after gerelds badly damaged. she guides him towards Siri in the to meet, which ends the season and leaves us wondering what could happen next, with ciri asking who yennefer is. now for the next season, I actually think it will center around Geralt training ciri in the ways of the witch air and pairing hair for what could be coming in season 3, which I'll get into in just a bit. the nilfgaard invasion will likely also be a key point, and I predict that Geralt and Suri will join yin and Co and fighting them once the girls training is being completed. in the books, Geralt actually ends up forming a romantic relationship with fringe Ella. however, he conquered yennefer, oh, it was mine. so he never dedicates himself fully to her. to be honest, though I can't see the show taking this route. as foreign Jilla is very much a bad guy in this and yeah, with a going head to head with you. and I think they'll position here more is a villain rather than a love interest. there's also potential that the Wild Hunt could be entering at some point, as they're mentioned in the first episode. and no, I don't think this will be in season 2. they will likely lay the groundwork for next time. the Wild Hunt. are desperate to track down ciri. and I think next time that hair training will be completed, and then they'll come fair for season 3. overall, though, the show is an incredible journey. and no, I was initially quite worried about the adaptation. they completely knock it out of the park from the off. this is a brilliant fantasy journey that feels like the perfect Christmas present from Netflix. they really spared no expense here, and the show is earnestly acted, plotted and laid out in a way that keeps the audience guessing. well. so yeah, The Witcher song is a complete banger. I actually got to see the show early, and I was singing that for days because, goddamn, get get it on Spotify right now. it's banger. if I had to pick a fault with it, I would say that this show isn't really that friendly for newcomers. and I watched the first five episodes with my wife, and she quickly got lost. because a lot of it requires either pre-existing knowledge or just drawing your own conclusions. if it's piqued your interest, though, and you still have questions, and it's definitely worth checking out the source material. The Witcher is brilliant and definitely the one to watch this weekend and Christmas break. I absolutely loved it, and that's why it gets an 8 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on The Witcher and what you want to see in season two. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then smash that like button. make sure you check out our full breakdown of this weekend's other big release, Star Wars the rise of Skywalker, which would be linked at the end. if you want to come chat to me after the video that, make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey. will head over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of Joker, which is one of our favorite movies of the air. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, but she subscribed, and leave your thoughts on The Witcher in the comments section below. the one is gonna be chosen on the 15th of January, and the subtle be shipped out from then. - ever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to deafen issue. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 