[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2018 superhero film, Avengers infinity war. so let's get started. this spoiler relies heavily that you've seen the previous films. if you need to see a spoiler for them, we check out the link in the cards. the film opens with Thanos taking the Power Stone from the planet Xander in. Thanos and his lieutenants having intercepted the spaceship carrying the Asgardian survivors from the end of thor ragnarok. vanos obtains the tesseract after fighting Thor and Hulk and kills Loki. the Hulk is sent to earth, and Thanos uses the space stone inside the tesseract to open a portal before destroying the ship and the Asgardians. the hulk arrives in New York, back in the form of Bruce Banner, he warns dr. strange Wong and Tony Stark about Thanos. two of Thanos lieutenants have a NEMA. and cull obsidian arrive on earth to obtain the time stone from Doctor Strange. the capture dr. strange and leave earth with spider-man and Tony Stark sneaking aboard in Scotland. Thanos's other lieutenants, Proxima midnight and Corvus glaive, attacked the Scarlet Witch and vision to get the mine stone from visions 4head Captain America. Black Widow and Falcon intervene, and they meet up with war machine and banner back at the avengers headquarters. the decided vision should go to Wakanda to have his mine stone removed so that they can destroy before Thanos can get it. the film transitions to the guardians of the galaxy responding to distress call and rescuing Thor. together they try to stop Fanus from getting the reality stone from the collector on nowhere. while rocket and Groot travel with Thor to go create a battle axe that is capable of defeating Thanos. they're unable to stop Thanos, however, and he kidnaps Gamora. Thanos, course, is the location of the soul stone from Gamora by torturing gomorrah's adoptive sister, nebula. Thanos and Gamora traveled to Boromir, where they are met by Red Skull, the keeper of the soul stone. he informs them that Thanos must sacrifice someone he loves for the stone, and Fano skills for more for the soul stone. nebula escapes and gets the guardians to meet her on Thanos's homeworld of Titan. Stark and spider-man rescue strange, also landing on Titan, where they meet up with the guardians. they form a plan to remove fantasies Infinity Gauntlet. and Doctor Strange uses his time stone to view all possible outcomes of the situation, seeing only one possibility where Thanos loses. Thanos arrives and they are nearly able to remove his glove, but quill becomes enraged when he learns of Kimora's death, and Thanos is able to gain the upper hand. Thanos nearly kills Stark, but dr. strange is able to spare him by giving up the time stone, later saying that this is the only way that they could possibly win. in Wakanda, Captain America meets up with Bucky before Thanos attacks. the combined Avengers, along with Black Panther and little Condon's all fight, while Shuri tries to remove the mine stone from vision, but it's unsuccessful. banner, unable to transform, has to wear the Hulkbuster armor. Thanos arrives, and vision has the Scarlet Witch destroy the stone, which in turn kills him. however, Fanus is able to reverse time, using the time stone, plucks the stone from visions forehead and kills him all over again. Thor is able to severely wound danos, but it fails to kill him. Thanos snaps his fingers and half the universes turn to ash immediately, including Bucky black panther, Groot, Scarlet Witch, Falcon mantis, Drax quill, Doctor Strange and spider-man. as the film concludes, we see fan OHS watching a sunrise from another planet. in a mid-credits scene we see both Maria Hill and Nick Fury are turned to ash, but they are able to send a message out to warn Captain Marvel. so that was the spoilers for infinity war. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media. follow our monthly Instagram giveaways, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 