[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2017 superhero film, Thor, Ragnarok. so let's get started. there are many films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe before this film. if you'd like to see their summaries, check out the spoilers and the cards above. two years after the Battle of sokovia, Thor has been unsuccessfully searching for the Infinity stones and is now imprisoned by the fire demon Surtur. search her reveals that Thor's father, Odin, is no longer in Asgard, and that it will soon be destroyed in the prophesized Ragnarok. once Surtur unites his crown with the eternal flame that burns in Odin's vol. Thor defeat search her and claims his crown. believing that he has prevented Ragnarok, Thor returns to Asgard to find his brother Loki. posing as Odin, Thor forces Loki to help him find their father, and with the directions of dr. Steven strange on earth, they locate odin and norway. odin explains that he is dying and his passing will allow his firstborn child, hella, to escape from the prison that she was sealed in long ago. hella had been the leader of Asgard's army and conquered the nine realms with odin. but odin imprisoned her, fearing that she had become too powerful. Odin dies and hella is released. she destroys Thor's hammer, and when Loki and Thor attempt to flee through the Bifrost bridge, she pursues them and forces them out into space. hello arise in Asgard, destroying its army and killing its warrior three. she resurrects the ancient dead who once fought with her, including her giant wolf, Fenris, and appoints the Asgardian scourge as her executioner. she plans to use the Bifrost to expand as bird's empire, but Heimdall steals the sword that controls the bridge and hides it away with the rest of the citizens. Thor crash-lands on Sekar, a garbage planet surrounded by wormholes. a slave-trader, scrapper 142, subdues him and sells him as a gladiator. scars ruler, the Grand Master with whom Loki has already come to know Thor recognizes one-four-two as one of the Valkyrie, are a legendary force of female warriors who were killed defending Asgard from hella a long time ago. Thor is forced to compete in the Grand Master's contest of Champions, facing an enraged Hulk. Thor gets the upper hand on Hulk, but the Grandmaster sabotages the fight to ensure Hulk's victory. still enslaved, Thor tries to convince Hulk and 142 to help him save Asgard, but neither are willing. he manages to escape and finds the jet that brought the Hulk to Sekar. Hulk follows Thor to the jet where a recording of natasha romanoff makes him transform into Bruce Banner for the first time since sokovia. the Grandmaster orders 142 and Loki to find Thor and Hulk, but Loki forces her to relive the deaths of her fellow Valkyrie at the hands of Helena. deciding to help Thor, she takes Loki captive. unwilling to be left behind, Loki provides the group with the means to steal one of the Grandmaster ships. they then also liberate the other gladiators who start a revolution. Loki attempts to betray his brother again, but Thor anticipates it and leaves him behind. Thor, banner and 142 escape through the wormhole to Asgard, where hellas forces are attacking the citizens for the sword that controls the Bifrost. banner becomes the Hulk again, fighting Fenris, while Thor and 142 battle scourge and the resurrected warriors. Loki and the Siq are gladiators arrived to help, and the Guardian citizens board their ship. feeling regretful, scourge sacrifices himself to allow their escape. Thor, facing hella, loses his right eye and then has a vision of Odin that helps him realize that only Ragnarok can stop her. while hella is distracted, Loki locates satyrs crown and places it into the eternal flame Searchers were born and destroys Asgard, seemingly killing hella. as the film concludes, Thor, the crowned king, decides to take the rusty Asgardian citizens to Earth. in a mid-credits scene, we see that they are intercepted by a large spacecraft, presumably owned by Thanos, in a post-credits scene, the Grandmaster encounters a group of former subjects who are still rebelling. so that was the spoilers for Thor Ragnarok. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 