listen, Disney pretty much is an empire nowadays. you know, they're like the Roman Empire, the way they're just absorbing everything around them. so it's kind of ironic that this movie is trying to call that out. like, having a major plot point center around a massive organization who wants to take over another one is one thing. them dealing in entertainment is another. then them flaunting how they have this huge theme park that looks very familiar to one. we know this dude running it, having a logo, BW, their slogan being make the impossible possible. you almost start wondering if Disney is snitching on themselves, or if this is the weirdest flexin box office history. by the way, Dumbo is one of those movies where the remake could be completely pointless, or it could also make a lot of sense. like, I find it funny when people want to defend the original because there's a lot of racism in there. I'm not saying it doesn't hold its place in time, you know. but in this case, this is a remake that wouldn't hurt, kind of like when they tried remaking Birth of a Nation so that when you googled it, you wouldn't get the Klan member original. and then other things happen there. but I'm telling you that as cynical as I am, as someone whose cartoon culture has been getting appropriated through these live-action adaptations, I still went in there looking to have those same magical emotions I had when I was but a sketch. you know, when you sit there and you forget that you're actually in a movie theater, but you believe you're actually in another world. those same feelings I got when I personally saw a big fish when I was younger. not knowing if it still holds up, but let me tell you, when that elephant sword passed me an IMAX 3d, I'm not gonna lie, I felt them again. let me explain. so first off, we have the original that takes us all the way back to 1941 that I want to break down. but now we know how much of a mobster Disney was like. this dude had a powerhouse of animation where he was visiting places and then just compiling stereotypes. and I'm realizing right now that maybe all of these new Disney films are just trying to cover up all of the old stuff that was in those [Music] sly up a tree way it belongs. so the original starts off with all of the babies being delivered to their respective parents. which, if you were asked some of my friends who didn't finish high school, that's not how it goes. mrs. jumbo, however, didn't pay for the two-day shipping for her little elephants, so it gets delayed. and the moment he arrives, everyone just starts grilling him. you mean, what I didn't realize was that Dumbo isn't even his original name. his original name is jumbo, since he's supposed to be a junior, and yet, on the poster, we're still calling him by his name that he was getting bullied. but that's like calling fury Nick little jumbo then gets picked on by these fools who look like the kid from MADtv. he's getting grilled by those damn soccer mom elephants who do nothing but gossip. things get so heated at one point that Mama jumbo has to get restrained as she's defending her child. and that's where this mouse comes in, trying to help jumbo reconnect with her. it's pulling an inception on the ringleader whispering sweet nothings into his ear as he sleeps. so PT Barnum then decides to put jumbo out there for a sketch where a house is burning down. and in his first performance, he literally brings the house down. then we have whatever the hell this has happened, and whatever the heaven this is takes over. and then Disney decided Dumbo and the mouse should get drunk and go on a it's weird. it's really weird. this scene, of course, never happened, but if it did, it would have led Dumbo to spider versing off the ledge, causing him to realize that he could fly, setting forth the secret of events where he nuts the audience, makes the circus so much money that he gets that Mariah Carey insurance for his ears, and then gets reunited with his mama as they live happily ever after. and Disney gets fries framed. after the original focused on gumbo, the remake kind of just makes him like the catalyst of the story. now, I know I'm in the minority when when it comes to giving this movie a jr. price Billy. this one's got that Christina Aguilera hurts a aesthetic. I guess what's funny, especially when you look at Tim's burning filmography, is how period pieces are different depending on when they're filmed, if you know what I mean. like a movie can take place in the 50s, but depending on when it was shot, it's different. like a movie taking place in the 50s, but it's shot in the 80s, feels a certain way. in the 90s, they're adding whatever we were doing then. early 2000s, you can tell some references. and on the late 2010s, you can see that there are some things that are getting slipped through that have nothing to do with the 1940s for this specific movie. and we're adding things that that we're going through. like they had the audacity to include Michael buffer to announce the circus, just so we could say, let's get ready to Dumbo. I personally felt the Queen line, or at least the way it was phrased, felt more like something we would say in our period. calling him Big D in the 40s is something we shouldn't even do today. and you can tell they wanted to push a message with this little girl, cuz she was yelling about her rights to the people who agreed with her. now, when I saw this girl, all I thought was that she looked like a miniature made from Westworld. and it turns out she really is a miniature made. I don't know if she's just taking after her mom's robotic roles, but she is a kid, so I really hold it against her. she is also the only one who respects the elephants and calls them jumbo. you know, little girl practically is a replacement for the mouse's character, who's looking out for him, while everything else from the original gets like an awkward homage. like, you know how comic-book movies have those scenes where a character just awkwardly acknowledges an Easter egg from the comics, but if you've never read a comic, it makes no damn sense. well, in this movie, they have the stork just randomly standing there as an homage to the cartoon. Dumbo randomly appears under hey, I don't keep the magic that he was delivered. the trippy elephant scenes get put in there, and a baz lurman like scene. I can just imagine people who haven't seen the old version just sitting there going, the hell are we zoom in on these people, for that said, if there was one remake that blends in diversity, well that's a is this one. you know, you got the setting in the people who went with the circus completely making sense. and it would feel like an outcast girls perspective during this time, minus the years, of course. but they give a justification for also Dumbo, because jumbo might make him sad, as it reminds him of his mom. I'm not buying that. elephants never forget. just like the animation. everyone makes fun of jumbo because of his ears and call him Dumbo, causing the mom to get agitated and they take her away. girl even calls out the dad for not doing anything, claiming, well, at least mom would have done something. to which it made me realize this movies very familiar to another one that came out last year, including the little girl having a key for something that the mom gave her. mrs. jumbo then gets sold. so now colin has to dress up like ICP to perform. these nicki minaj looking clowns. are doing a set with jumbo, when he realizes that if he snorts this white substance, he'll get high. and the show becomes a hit like imagine if you went to the circus, right? you're a freaking Barnum &amp; Bailey, and an elephant just starts flying. now, imagine how crazy would have been back in those times. like Michael Keaton's character rose up halfway through the movie, and all the people surround him going, whoa, a car. besides it being a need, Batman Returns reunion. this is actually where those Disney parallels come into play. VanDerveer and his crew wants to buy out the Medici circus, specifically to get certain properties. you know, he wants to showcase the biggest act that dreamland, while cutting out the more independent acts in order to make room. so if this is a way for Disney to try to cancel Disney, then ask the most Disney thing I've ever heard of. you know, it's just, I'm trying to get ahead of it, like they did the James Gunn thing. I see. you what gets me, in terms of the story, is that the live-action really emphasizes on his ears, like they are adorable, but they're way more obvious how big they are, making it easy for all these people to make fun of him. but the moment they start making money off of jumbo, all of a sudden everyone cares about them. badges got me thinking, man, there are a lot of people out there who, I may not know what your name is or where you're from, I don't know what your passion is, but if people have been putting you down, all you have to do is put the family than the signs to go visit the theme park. but they should have realized it was a no-go. and one of the one of the employees is wearing elephant skin boots. like, I'm Mexican, I've seen a variety of boots, elephant skin. Eva Green also plays a performer who's questioning why she hasn't been in a Tim Burton movie earlier. but she gets paired with this linebacker of an elephant who's supposed to fly around with her on her back for the show. now, the special effects in the movie, I thought were okay. I thought they were pretty good, cept when a human tries to interact with them, then it's garbage. in fact, the whole second act, as much as I had fun with the movie, it's just wild. like it turns out Eva's character isn't even evil. she's just with someone who is evil. Colin Farrell is missing an arm because of the war, and I kid you not, they give this man a hamburger, a helper a hand for it. there's another scene where a worker comes in to let them know that they're about to kill Dumbo's mother. oh, and she's not going to survive. Gumble hears his mom and pulls a prison break. the Medici group then assaults two officers as they picked the the one dude who has one hand to free solo up the tent and cut it open. they end up destroying the entire park as it burns to the ground. and all I could think of was, imagine being that family, that dad who saved up the entire year to take your family to this park, and then all of these shenanigans happen on the day. are they're worth it? now, in order to prove to jumbo that he could fly without the feather, the little girl decides to toss her mother's key that she's been holding on to for years. I was like, I don't know about dad, because while it did motivate him, I'm just imagining five years later, when they find this treasure chest, and everyone's just looking at the little girl like, so where is it? legit? Dumbo flies away and goes over Dumbo, I guess just to say that Dumbo was a Dumbo, and then they decided to send him to the set of the jungle book so he can live happily ever after with his mama. as the Medicis circus continues, and disney sets out to remake every animation ever. how can you imagine a can imagine a live-action ellamy, thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. I personally enjoyed it. I don't know if it's got the greatness of, I guess, 90s Tim Burton, as a lot of people like. I think it's still there. it's better than the other stuff you've been making. I'll say that maybe not a junior price for everybody. but I liked it. I also like how they snuck some things in there. if you're watching the movie, I, again, I don't have all these clips, but there was, like, there was a girl who's bends over on the stage, and I kid you not, one of the one of the people in the crowd pulls all binoculars, dang psycho. there's some other scenes where they like showcase the future. and it just made me think, yo. I am so excited we're living in the now and not like any time back then. like, can you imagine? like, yeah, teleportation. I can't wait for that. but, y'all, I'm so glad we got like the technology we have now. I don't know why, I was just thinking about that. I was seeing them look at the 50 stuff, and I was like, dude, you know, we take our stuff for granted. I'm getting on your thoughts. did it live up to the hype? are you excited for any of the other live-action ones that are coming out? there are so many this year's like Dumbo, Lion King, Aladdin. I think there's another snow, way, way too many stuff. but I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and you too will get your own live-action adaptation. 