hello. my name is Steven, and today I'm going to talk about old boy. in 1988, a businessman named owed a suit is arrested for drunkenness, missing his daughter's fourth birthday. after his friend juha Wan picks him up from the police station, they go to a phone booth for dae-su to call home. while juha Wan is talking to de soos wife, de su is kidnapped and wakes up in a sealed hotel room where food is delivered through a trapdoor. watching the television, de su learns that his wife has been murdered and he is the prime suspect. de su passes the time shadowboxing, planning revenge and attempting to dig a tunnel to escape. 15 years have passed since he was in prison. it is 2003, and a new century has dawned. just before digging himself to freedom, de su is sedated, hypnotized and wakes up on a rooftop, dressed in a suit. on the rooftop, de su sees a man on the ledge holding a dog, ready to jump to his death. he steps in front of the man's face and stays uncomfortably close as to make it certain he is not dreaming the man asks de su, even though I am no better than a beast, don't I have the right to live? de su recounts everything that has happened so far to the man, who reacts by attempting to tell de su the reason for his own suicide. attempt this interested. de su leaves him on the rooftop to jump off with the dog. de su tests his fighting skills on a group of young thugs. afterward, a mysterious beggar gives him money and a cell phone. de su enters a sushi restaurant where he meets me do the restaurants young chef. de su receives a taunting phone call from his captor, who refuses to explain the reason for de souza imprisonment. he collapses and is taken in by me do. after he recovers, de su tries to find his daughter and the location of his prison. discovering that his daughter was adopted by a Swedish couple, he gives up trying to contact her. de su locates the Chinese restaurant that made food for his prison and finds the prison by following a delivery man. it is a private prison where people can pay to have others incarcerated. de su enters the prison and torches the warden, mister ha who does not know the identity of de Suze Kaptur that reveals that de su was in prison for talking too much. while leaving the prison, de su is attacked by a large number of guards and stabbed in the back with a knife, but manages to defeat them. all day, Sue's captor, a wealthy man named Lee Woojin, contacts de su again and gives him an ultimatum. if de su discovers the motive for his imprisonment within 5 days, Woojin will kill himself by stopping the pacemaker in his chest. otherwise, he will kill me. do as de su and me to become intimate. they have sex. meanwhile, juha Wan tries to contact de su with some important information about would Jin's sister, but is murdered by Wu Jin, who was secretly following him after de su removed all of woo-jin's electronic bugs. de su eventually recalls that he and Wu Jin had gone to the same high school, and he had witnessed Wu Jing committing incest with his own sister. de su told juha Wong what he had seen before leaving the school, which led to his classmates learning about the event. rumors about woo-jin's sister started to spread, and she eventually killed herself, leading a grief-stricken woo Jin to seek revenge. back in the present day, woo Jin cuts off mr. parks hand fulfilling an earlier threat by de su, causing mr. Park and his gang to seemingly join forces with de su. de su leaves me do with mr. Park and sets out to face Wu Jin. at wujin's penthouse, woo Jin reveals that me do is de Sue's daughter. woo Jin had orchestrated everything by using hypnosis to guide de su to the sushi restaurant, arranging for them to meet and fall in love, so that de su will experience the same pain of incest that Wu Jin did. de su attempts to attack Wu Jing, but is beaten badly by woo-jin's bodyguard, using scissors as a weapon. de su manages to stab the bodyguard in the ear, deafening him. the deafened bodyguard, now seriously hurt and enraged, attempts to kill de su. woo Jin unable to call him off, intervenes and coldly shoots his bodyguard in the head with a Derringer pistol. woo Jin reveals that mr. Park is still working for him and sold mr. Park the newly refurbished prison building in exchange for him amputating his hand. Woojin threatens to tell the truth to me. do, who is being held in mr. parks new prison. dae-su apologizes for his involvement in the death of Woojin sister and humiliates himself by imitating a dog begging wujin not to tell me, dude. when Wu Jin laughs, unimpressed, dae-su cuts out his own tongue as a sign of penance. Wu Jin finally accepts de souza apology and tells mr. Park to hide the truth from me. do, after entering the elevator, Wu Jin recalls his sister's suicide and shoots himself in the head with the daring death. in the epilogue, an undisclosed amount of time later, de su finds the hypnotist from the prison to erase his knowledge of meat do being his daughter, so that they can stay happy together. to persuade the hypnotist. de su repeats the question that he heard from the man on the rooftop. so she begins a hypnosis to erase his memories, telling him that the day suit that knows the truth will walk away. afterwards, me do finds de su lying in snow and confesses her love for him. while the two embraced, there are no signs of the hypnotist, leaving it ambiguous if de su really even met her. de su breaks into a wide smile, which is then slowly replaced by a look of pain. whether the hypnosis really worked is left unknown. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. 