before began, leaven stop by saying, if you damn near sixteen, you gonna get a woman half your age by lyin your name. better be something smooth like Archibald Leitch. the stars of our movie today, ah, grumpy old man, Holly Golightly and Archibald Leitch. Floyd. the story begins with this guy fallen dead off a train. but what I really want to talk about is how this giving me some major psycho but our story really begins with this lovely bit named Reggie. look at ain t press eating her troubles away when she tells her friend she's planning to divorce her husband. and her friend says, Charles. and Reggie's like, no, the husband I ain't married to, dumb bit. look at it. you know, she must be thinking, what? can't I track some smart friends? but don't worry, honey. you might not attract some smart friends, but you sho can attract some fine flies. look, here's one now. so Archie leach walks up to Reggie and says, hi, is this your brat? nice to meet you. my name is Peter Joshua, or it might be Peter gene and and s take your pick. we both pretty cute. so Richard goes home to her apartment, says goodbye to her dumb bit friend, her dumb bit friend's brat, and walks in to find out her husband done up and left, and apparently took all day loot and this is stuff, freaking out. and then out of nowhere, something like boots. and then, I believe your husband is dead. Aziz, your husband's told back at the office, she's like, indeed. they were my husband's fugly piggies, two million loading grounds for the vaults, I swear to do whatnot. I heard them squealing under the cobbles. and he gives her a bag with some instruments for grooming and a letter to Reggie with an envelope with three rare stamps he bought with the $250,000 he stole from the OSS. but you ain't supposed to know that yet, so don't go ruining the surprise for yourself, dummy. and then is, is your album pass Paul? it says, wrong z0 of the fastball is this one, and this one too. so she goes back to her empty crib, and she just stand there like, did I really know my husband? and if I didn't, was he the one I was really divorcing? was his name really Charles? or was that man in the mode just piggy fronting? he said, I owe my friend, who is the dumbbell? is my name really? adele dazeem, things that make you go hmm. at the funeral of Charles, Joe Bob down Dave, one man comes in to see the body, another comes in to see the body, ain't breathing, and a third man comes in to be a pro and pro dead body. then she gets another letter from CIA Administrator, Hamilton Bartholomew, asking her to come meet him in his office. all right, I see you creepin Alfred. and you know what? this part a little complicated, so I was just reading straight from Wikipedia. Reggie learns that them three men at the funeral, Gideon Tex and that guy that said, you always was a good boy, Luke, works for the OPP during World War Two to give a quarter million dollars to the French Resistance. because this was before W had that beef with France and started calling on freedom fries. and they, along with her husband, Danny, Donnie Joe, Jon Jordan Lambert and some bit named Carson Dyle, grab that dough, but Carson Dyle got mortally wounded, and they all trying to kill Larry Moe, curly Lambert for now, Sharon, but the truth is, Bartholomew is the real Carson Dyle, pretending to work for the CIA. and it's trying to do this bi T and to find the money so he can keep it all for himself. but you ain't supposed to know that yet, so don't go ruining the surprise for yourself, dummy. and then dial Bartholomew. like, Reggie, you in danger? girl. well, Wikipedia has spoken, it must be true. then Peter takes Reggie out on the town where she runs into Gideon and Tex. then he takes her back to a hotel where she runs into kook law Luke. this is Tosh yelling, hey dub, hey dub. like, he's out picking carrots or something. and if you get that joke, you legit. so they will find out Peter might be in league with the Marx Brothers or not. and she's like, Archie, don't lie to me, baby. and he's like, I'm not. that's why I'm gonna tell you right now, my real name is Brian Waller. and she's like, Brian Walmer. and he's like, yes, that's right. Stephanie, Joanne, Angelina Germanotta. later, cool Klaw calls Reggie and says, I just cause endowed you to let you know if they'll eat you with his cousin dial and she's like, oh. but later he says, now, baby, ayan Carson Dyle, I'm his brother. Norma Jeane Mortenson, except that the real Dyle explains to Reggie that Carson Dyle ain't got no brother, and he would know. meanwhile, PETA has a little run-in with the claw named Rica. hold a gun with that thing? how he gonna pull the trigger let the scrapping come in? and after what, reg is like, oh my word. what happened? and he says, I had a little tussle with Hugh Jackman, that Wolverine. think he's somebody, but he just ain't no match for the leech. then they found cool Claude Luke, don't call all over. but Reggie's like, oh, well, I'm hungry. let's hit a McDonald's. well, this ain't what I had in mind, but I guess it'll do. when it sees disappointment on the face, he says, What's Wrong? muffin. and Reggie says, cuss and I ain't got no brother. but he's like, oh, don't worry. I got a whole list of BS prepared for this scenario. you might want to grab a pen. you see, my daddy made flying umbrellas for Mary Poppins. I refuse to accept such a mediocre job. and unfortunately, there ain't no jobs for a man who refuses to make flying umbrellas for Mary Poppins. the demand for that career is quite high. and Reggie says, you mean your thief and Peter says, that's the wrong Hitchcock movie. and do you look like Grace Kelly? so Reggie says, well, what's your real name? and he's like, I thought I done told you. it's Mary and Robert Morrison. then they shine a spotlight on some folks making out. and you might not want to do that. folks might be doing something they ought not be doing out there in the front. walk home for us. ha, hey, I see you creeping clue. so while Clouseau out getting his freak on, get in gets killed. and then they go through that damn bag again, looking for what could possibly be worth one quarter of a million dollars. it's the stands. no, it ain't a damn wallet. is the stance? no, it into Coleman. listen. belongs to Beyonce. it's the staffs. awful. it ain't the letter. it's the stamps on the envelope that contained the letter. put down. the damn truth, face. is the Stiles. then they'll run into each other while they out looking around the last place mister level was supposed to be. and then they find out all the things you already don't ruin for yourself. it's the stamps. and dial is Bartholomew. Bartholomew is dial. dial is a grumpy old man, boring, bad guy monologue, malaya, blabbity blah, blah. I wanted to share that money with them bits, but they left me for dead. blah, blah, blabbity blah. and I'm gonna just keep talking about your old man sneaking up on me, blabbity blabbity blah, blah, even though he said nothing in a long time. and I had this fantastic plot all worked out, and I'm now gonna let my big confession be my undoing. oh, they always do this. then this old man chase and then he dies in a theater. how dramatic. but that's okay. the floor broke his fall and his legs and is back, probably. then they go to the embassy to turn the money in to the government so they can sit. they worthless. is on some golden toilet seats. she finds out Brian Cruikshank is actually Mark Sinclair. I mean, more strips would make a white I'm being Cary Grant then. but first he asks her to marry him, and then they do some France walk his home. there I am. be sure to like, share and subscribe and press that little ring-a-ding bail for your regular fixham m you can expect me to upload more videos in a quickness, huh? see what I did that? I lied, or did I? and be sure to go check out my teespring shop. the link is in the description. we recently designed some new love you muffin merch and that's the God's honest truth, the merch does exist. and I do love you muffin. full movies explained. fall. I'm Jeb dire or am I 