welcome back to movie reviews. today i'm going to show you a comedy, fantasy adventure film titled gulliver's travels. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. a man named lemuel gulliver wakes up in his new york apartment and does his daily morning routine. he talks to his superhero toys on a shelf and dances and sings in the shower. gulliver works in the mail room of a new york newspaper company. that day he meets a new employee named dan and befriends him. belliver is dan's boss in the mailing department. as the two deliver their mail for the day, they come across gulliver's crush, named darcy silverman. he has had a crush on her for years, but has never confessed. later that day, dan brings out a notice that says he has been promoted to head of the mail department on his first day. gulliver has been working in the facility for 10 years, but no one acknowledges him. dan claims that gulliver is scared to talk and will never progress in life other than his mail room job. gulliver is walking out of his office and notices darcy working late. he gathers up some courage and goes to her office to ask her out. however, his nerves get the best of him, so instead, he picks up a random paper from her desk and heads out. darcy asks him if he wants to apply for a travel writing assignment. a nervous gulliver agrees, and has to submit a travel blog the following day. at home, he copies and pastes several articles from the internet for the blog. the following day, he submits it to darcy, who is impressed by his writing skills and provides him with a new task. she wants him to travel to the bermuda triangle and write an article about the legends of the ships disappearing there to impress her. oliver agrees. darcy arranges a contact and a boat for him. gulliver flies to bermuda the very next day, where he is picked up by a man. he takes gulliver to a rented boat and shows him how to use it. the journey is pretty simple, as the boat is automated. gulliver sets sail for the bermuda triangle. alone. for the first few hours, he enjoys himself by reading how to build robot magazines and drinking. he is suddenly hit by a huge storm and swept up into a giant inverted whirlpool before he is knocked unconscious. when he awakens, he finds himself on the island of lilliput, tied to the ground and surrounded by angry little men a tenth of his size. he has been captured by general edward and paraded through the streets of lilliput to be brought before the royal family, king theodore, queen isabel and princess mary. gulliver, nicknamed the beast by the lilliputians, is kept in chains in the island dungeon by the sea, where he meets and relates to another prisoner, horatio, jailed for unlawful courting of princess mary, and previously the tallest man on the island by a few millimeters. soon gulliver is put to work plowing the fields, but the warning bells sound to signal a blessing attack, in which they try to kidnap the princess and burn the palace. brave and selfish general edward is off to save the day, but horatio knows he cannot reach the princess in time and begs villiver to help. horatio breaks his large friend free from his chains, and together they are off. first gulliver drops the enemy spies into the village pond, before he does the only thing he can think to put out the flames in the palace and save the king, to take quite a big leak. it works. the flames are doused, but he doesn't endear himself to edward, who gets a good bath in the yellow stuff. the lilliputians throw a huge feast for their protector and start work on gulliver's dream house by the sea. life is pretty sweet for gulliver. and the islanders are amazed at the stories about his life, all scenes from famous movies. horatio makes a successful move on the princess with gulliver's and the artist help. when general edward finally finds gulliver's ship, bellover asks to stay. gulliver then gets a call from darcy, and she is furious with him about the plagiarized paper that he wrote. this is the final straw for edward, who is mad that gulliver won't leave. and he is asked to take a break by the king, allowing gulliver to be promoted to the new general, hoping to regain his position. edward sabotages the island defenses. the bluff fusion launch a huge cannonball attack, and then their armada approaches. gulliver is summoned. he wades out into the sea, hoping to strike a truce with the enemy. the bluff russians instead attack. yet gulliver's gut absorbs all the cannon fire, and then, like an elastic band, fires the metal back at the ships. gulliver picks up the guide ropes and hauls the armada away, further strengthening his bond with the little people of lilliput. in honor of gulliver, they do as he pleases, building a replica of times square, giving him back massages and even giving him haircuts. back at the castle, edward and princess mary get into an argument, which causes edward to storm off into the time square that they have built for gulliver. enraged, he then skulks off to the enemy with plans from gulliver's book how to build a robot. edward returns to lilliput to challenge gulliver to a duel inside a six feet tall robot. he gives gulliver a giant wedgie as he tries to run away, and shows gulliver's true colors. gulliver is banished to the island they don't talk about, tied to a huge raft while the bluff russians take control of lilliput. meanwhile, darcy has had to take the writing assignment and is caught up in the same storm and shipwrecked on the island of lilliput. she is captured by general edward. horatio escapes to find gulliver and travels to the forbidden island. gulliver awakes on the island they don't talk about to find himself outside a giant house. he is snatched up by a little but very tall girl and forced to accept a new life as a doll inside a giant doll's house. that night, horatio finds gulliver and encourages his friend to break free. using the parachute from a dead pilot, they jump from the house and float away back to lilliput. gulliver finds darcy chained up in the dungeons. he comes clean about his background and his feelings for darcy, she forgives him full of courage. now he breaks everyone free and goes to challenge general edward in a winner-takes-all rematch. they start battling, but gulliver is losing. edward has him down and says he has a new secret weapon, electricity. but horatio bravely grabs a horse, breaks his way into the robot, fights edward from the inside and turns off the power to the mighty weapon. velvet. then beats the robot on the head a few times and then gives him a robot wedgie, sending him back to sleep mode. the townspeople rejoice, and horatio confesses his love to princess mary. general edward captures the princess, but she punches him in the face, then she runs into the arms of horatio. gulliver then confesses his love for darcy once again, and they kiss. then the lillah put king and blefush and leader square up to fight again. so gulliver asks war, what is it good for? they join in with his song, and everyone is at peace again. gulliver and darcy then leave back to new york on the boat that they first came on, and they get sucked back into the whirlpool once again. back in new york, gulliver is now a travel writer enjoying more time with darcy. dan from the mail room enters the office with a new mail room attendant and is firmly put in his place. as it ends, we see glimpses of gulliver's articles against the original jonathan swift novel content. make sure to subscribe with post notifications on so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. 