welcome film seekers. before starting the explanation, let me give you some background in mortal kombat. there are several realms. we are shown three realms, the earth realm, the nether realm, that is hell, and the outworld, which has some weird monsters. these realms used to fight to conquer each other, which led to chaos. so the elder gods decided to keep a tournament called mortal combat. if any realm defeats the other in 10 consecutive tournaments, the losing realm is conquered by the one that wins. the leader of outworld didn't have interest in mortal kombat, so he used to kill the warriors of the opposition even before the tournament has started. so the movie begins in 17th century japan. we see hanzo hasashi, who leads the warriors of shirai ryu ninja clan, living with his wife, a son and a daughter. he goes to bring water, and some assassins, led by bihan, kill the guards outside. noticing this, hanzo's wife hides her daughter. then bihan enters and kills them both. hanzo hears her scream and runs towards the house and finds his wife and son frozen to death. in anger, he fights and kills all the attackers, then finds bihan, but he is killed by him in a one-on-one battle. after a while, when they have left, he wakes up, tries to reach his daughter, but dies before he reaches there. his soul goes to the nether realm raiden, god of thunder and protector of earth realm, arrives and takes hanzo's canai that's left behind and his surviving daughter to safety. in the present, the realm of outworld has defeated earth realm in nine of ten tournaments known as mortal combat. if earth realm loses the tenth tournament, the rules state it will be conquered by outworld. however, an ancient prophecy states that the blood of hanzo hasashi will unite a new generation of earth realms champions to prevent outworld's victory. aware of this, soul-eating sorcerer shang-sun, who has overseen the last nine victories, sends bihan, who now calls himself sub-zero, to kill earth-realm's champions before the next tournament begins. they are identified by a dragon mark. we see one such champion, a former professional mma fighter named cole young, who lives with his wife and daughter and takes part in small fighting tournaments to earn his living. he used to get visions of hanzo and his canai, but he didn't know who it was. his daughter puts a band on his arm that she made, one for each. a stranger appears and introduces himself as jax, asking about from where he got the dragon logo that is on him. it is unique. emily says that it's a birthmark, asking to show him. he shows it, then leaves. while at a restaurant, bihan comes to kill cole and his family. in the attack, jacks arrive and tells them to get in the car and rescues them. on the way, he reveals that he too has the same mark, and whatever was back there, it's after both of us. also telling that it's not a birthmark. it means you've been chosen to fight. they encounter sub-zero again. jax tells him to take his family to safety. also tells him to find his partner, sonia blade, and shares the location. he stays to battle, and they leave. he goes inside a building so jacks to enter. while searching for him, he appears right behind and attacks him. in the fight, he completely freezes his arms and breaks it, then throws him off from the floor. meanwhile, cole drops his family to home, then leaves to find sonia, hoping to find some answers. on the other hand, one of shang's warriors inform him that sub-zero has killed another one of earth's champions, while another one has escaped. he then sends reptilian seizoth. cole finds sonya, informing her that jax sent him, and shows the mark, telling her jax stayed behind to fight. he finds they are a part of military special forces. she says, seven years ago, when they both were on a mission in brazil to capture a wanted fugitive. when they got there, the target had superhuman abilities. he tore through their units in seconds. that target had the same marking that coal has. and when jax finally took it down, the dragon mark transferred directly onto his skin. she spent years trying to figure out what it all means, explaining further throughout history, different cultures all over the world. reference a great tournament. based on her research, there are realms and species that they didn't even know existed. and that dragon marking signifies that you've been chosen to fight for earth. it's an invitation to fight for something known as mortal combat. he laughs, asking if she made up the last part. she tells that there's another tournament coming, and that is why they were tracking him. they need to find every last champion before it's too late, and most of them are dead already. he notices picture of hanzo and has the visions again. then we see kano tied up with chains. he is a mercenary with the black dragon clan. arms dealer, drug runner, murder for hire, scum of the earth. she was tracking another guy with the dragon mark, but found kano right after he slipped the guy's throat and the mark got transferred to him. she also reveals that she don't have that mark. the reptile sent by shang reaches there and attacks them. they can't see it, and it attacks them easily. while attacking kano, sonja is able to shoot it, but soon lose track again. it is above them. it can also melt any metal with its saliva. while they are attacked, kano finds the opportunity to melt the chain and free himself. lights fire and sticks it into the creature. unable to escape, it reveals itself. sonia stabs a knife on its chest. kano removes it, then removes its heart. after this, coal finally believes her. among the half-burnt papers, kano notices a temple named raiden's temple, where champions used to train there for mortal combat. and he knows where it is, but others don't know its location. he is not interested in all this and leaves, not sharing the location. sonia offers him three million dollars, and he agrees to take them there. he laughs, i was gonna head there anyway. idiots also warning he will kill her if he doesn't get the money. later, when cole asks if she was really gonna give him 3 million, she says, no, not having it in the first place. kano arranges his friend's plane to take them there. they jump off the plane and use parachute to land. kano brags of him being the one who bought the plane and know how to find the raiden temple, also killed the lizard man. she takes the gps device. then he goes on to say, she is jealous of him having the mark. then pushes her to grab her attention. then says, if you want it so much, then all you got to do is kill me. then he attacks her, but she manages to easily defeat him, still asking to go on and take it, but she doesn't kill him. he laughs, saying that's why she doesn't have the marking. on the search for the temple, they see one of earth's champion, luke kong. kano takes out his knife. luke kong throws a fireball at him, saying he is not their enemy. kano gets happy that he too will get some superpower at some point, asking him to teach how to do it, saying there's much to learn. he takes them to the temple. inside they see some paintings of mortal kombat's history. sonia is happy to see it's all real. it's of outworld, the most brutal and murderous of all the realms. and our greatest enemy, cole, sees hanzo's painting and again gets those visions. lu kong says they must start training now. the fate of earth realm is in our hands. there are not many of us with the marking left. so you must train harder, faster, because if you fail to discover your inner power, you will never defeat your opponent. they will ravage everything you hold dear. there will be no mercy. moving forward, they find jax. it turns out kong was in charge to gather all the champions of earth. by the time he found jax, he was too late. the ice had stopped him from too much blood. and they are taking help from every realm to heal him, asking them to be patient and give them time to do their work. then they meet lord raiden, who is disappointed to see them. they are powerless, and sonia doesn't even have the marking, telling them their enemies have claimed nine straight victories. one more victory, an outworld will gain control over earth forever, and shang will enslave the entire human race. later we see sub-zero enter the temple. kong fights him before he freezes to death. he is saved by kung lao, who is another one of earth's champions. as shang enters to kill them, everyone else also gather there. raiden creates a shield which prevents shang and his warriors from entering. so they leave. they begin to train in the fight pit to unlock their arcana, a special power unique to all dragon mark bearers. sonia is not allowed in the training area. it is for the chosen ones only. she goes to spend time with jax, who now has mechanical arms. meanwhile, cole battles with lao and manages to defeat lao when he is not using his abilities. then he uses his hat and able to defeat him. telling immortal combat talent will only get you so far. then kano battles with khan, who keeps using leg sweep repeatedly. and kano keeps falling, getting defeated very easily. jax trains with his new mechanical arms, but finds it to be too weak, feeling useless and of no use to them. but sonia reminds him of what he used to say to her in her initial days of training in the military, and encourages him to keep going. during dinner, kano, who is always arrogant, starts to mock others, so they purposefully make him angry, calling him lazy pig, terrible fighter, zero skill and a failure. kano gets very angry, and he is able to awaken his arcana, his ability is to shoot laser beam out of his right eye. cole is trained again and made to focus on pain, but he is unable to activate his arcana and gets disappointed. raiden tells cole that he is a descendant of one of the greatest ninjas to ever walk the earth, hanzo hasashi. he was murdered along with his wife and eldest son by the same assassin that hunts him now sub-zero, and he rescued hanzo's only surviving child and bought her to this temple. for centuries, the hisashi marking has passed down through his ancestors, and the power of bloodline is strong in him. disappointed he isn't able to activate his arcana, he sends him back to be with his family. shang gathers his warriors, nitara cabal, general reiko bihan molina, while planning how to bring that shield down, cabal says he can do it by using kano. so he goes and convinces kano to come to their side by telling him the perks of having more money than he know what to do with. kano easily accepts his offer. he attacks raiden's staff and brings the shield down. shang attacks the temple along his warriors, while sending guru to kill cole and his family. kong fights with cabal, who has the ability of super speed. jax fights reiko. he barely manages to only defend himself from reiko's attack with his weak arms. sonia fights molina. even though she gives a good fight, molina defeats her, but realizes her blood is not of the chosen ones. telling that her death is of no value, she leaves. kano drops a rock on her using his abilities. lao goes to attack shane, who sends nitara to kill him. lao calmly waits her to attack. as she gets close, he grabs her, placing his hat in front of them, which spins and splits her into two as they land on it, having a flawless victory. meanwhile, cole fights goro. before he gets killed, his wife attacks with an axe. he leaves coal. they get in the car and try to hit him, but it's of no use due to his size. he breaks the car and heads to kill her. seeing his family in danger, cole's arcana is activated, giving him a suit of armor which has the ability to absorb attacks and redirect it back. and a set of tonfas through which he is able to fight and kill him easily, then make sure his family is safe. meanwhile, as jax was struggling to move the rock which had fell on sonia, he awakens his arcana, granting him strength and upgraded arms. she isn't injured. coal is called back by raiden. he thanks shang for helping his fighters find their arcana and reveals that hanzo's bloodline still lives on. cole is descendant of hanzo. he teleports earth realm fighters to the void, a safe place between realms. shang and sub-zero are infuriated. sub-zero stops cole from teleporting and proceeds to kill him, but lau throws his hat and saves him. but in rage, shang pulls loud towards him and sucks off his soul, killing him instantly. though they want to save him, they teleport to void, where shang cannot follow them. everyone is sad of laos death. jax asks raiden, why couldn't he save him? he says that all gods are forbidden from engaging in one realms war against another. it is my job to protect earth realm, but i cannot save every soul within it. cole says that it's not over. we still need to fight. raiden shows coal a blade which had hanzo's blood on it, which belonged to hanzo. raiden took it the day he died. he tells coal to use it, and the spirit of hanzo will fight with you. cold then proposes a plan to force outworld's champions into single combat with earth realms champions before neutralizing sub-zero together, forcing the tournament shang tried to prevent. raiden teleports them to outworld and also teleports the outworld warriors to the desired location, splitting them all. jax fights reiko. he tells sonia to take out kano, reminding her that he's got laser now. and kano is teleported to a house where she is hiding. kong takes cabal and cold takes molina. jax kills reiko with ease, all due to his new arms. kong uses his special move and kills cabal. sonia struggles to fight kano since he uses his laser, but eventually manages to kill him, and the dragon mark is transferred onto her. cole struggles to defeat molina as she teleports and aims to his neck. sonja reaches there. he asks her for help. her arcana is revealed the ability to fire purple energy blasts, using which she kills molina. on the other hand, cole's family prepare to leave the house before some other monster shows up. but it's too late, as sub-zero shows up. then we see sub-zero show up to cole, show the band which belongs to her daughter, luring him into a one-on-one battle. he sees that his family was kidnapped and frozen. he fights sub-zero. his armor doesn't protect him, as sub-zero freezes him. so he attacks him with the kanai, but sub-zero uses it against him. cold tries to stop him. in the process, his blood touches hanzo's canai, which summons hanzo from the nether realm, who is now called scorpion. he recognizes cole as his descendant. and together they fight sub-zero. he removes his armor to move faster, then freezes scorpion's legs. then cole manages to pierce him, similar to what he did to hanzo centuries ago. scorpion uses hell fire to free his legs, which also revives cole's family. revealing sub-zero that he learned to control the fire of hell and burned sub-zero. he thanks cole for freeing him and requesting that he look after the hisashi bloodline. scorpion departs, then raiden and other champions arrive, seeing that sub-zero is dead. raiden says that he is impressed. cole says, he thought that you couldn't get involved. raiden smiles it off. then shang arrives, seeing his warriors dead. he tells raiden, no matter how many of his warriors are dead, there will always be another to take their place. today you have killed my warriors, and you think you have won, but death is only another portal. he sends his champions corpses back to outworld and tells that next time he will bring armies instead of fighters. raiden sends him back to outworld. raiden declares his intention to train new warriors in preparation for the next tournament, and assigns his current champions to recruit them. cole departs for los angeles in search of hollywood martial artist and movie star, johnny cage. the movie ends hope you all liked the movie. and please consider subscribing if you want to see more explanations 