hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1979 sci-fi horror film eally. so let's get started. the film opens with a commercial spacecraft called Nostromo returning to earth with its seven-member crew still in stasis. the crew consists of captain Dallas, executive officer Kane, navigator Lambert, science officer Ashe Warrant Officer Ripley, and two engineers, Parker and Brett. a mysterious transmission is detected by the ship's computer, thought to be a distress call, and the crew is awakened, following company policy. the ship lands on the planetoid that the distress call came from and sustains damage. the crew begins to work on the ship and discovers that the signal is coming from an alien spacecraft. they find the remains of an alien with its ribcage exploded from the inside. back on the stroma war an officer roughly determines that the transmission was not a distress call, but a warning, and tries to warn the others, but is unsuccessful. on the alien ship, Cain discovers a chamber containing hundreds of eggs. while inspecting one, a creature springs out and attaches itself to his faith Cain is brought back to the ship for medical treatment. the crew unsuccessfully attempts to remove the creature, aka a faith tug. discovering it's blood is acid, it eventually detaches on its own and is found later dead. with the ship repaired, the crew leaves. Cain awakens with some memory loss, but in general is okay. however, later, he begins to choking, convulsed, and a small alien burst from his chest, killing him and escaping into the depth of the ship. the crew cannot use conventional weapons to hunt this creature, however, as his blood could damage the hull, they must use some lesser lethal weapons. brett discovers that the alien is now fully grown, and it's attacked. the group decides to try to jettison the creature into outer space. ripley finds out from the ship's computer that ash was actually assigned to the crew to capture the alien, and their company views the crew's lives as expendable. a fight breaks out. ashes head is removed, revealing that he is actually an android. parker interrogate the reanimated head of ash, learning ash's role with capture the creature and bring it back for analysis. regardless of whether the crew survives or not, Parker decides to destroy ash. the surviving three crew members decide to set the ship for self-destruct and try to escape on the shuttle. two of them are killed by the alien, leaving only Ripley. Ripley initiates the self-destruct sequence and tries to flee the shuttle with the ship's cat Jones, but is blocked by the alien. she runs back and forth a bit, but eventually is able to board the shuttle. right after the ship explodes, Ripley discovers that the alien is on board the shuttle, puts on a space suit and opened the airlock, forcing the alien and her into outer space. she is able to fire a grappling hook, but this also helps the alien try to get back to the ship. Ripley fires the ship's engines, blasting the alien eventually into outer space. Ripley in the cat and turned to stasis and travel back to earth. so that was the spoilers for alien. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 