hello everyone. today we watch the movie hunter killer. feel free to leave comment on what movies you would like to watch. recap, the u.s los angeles-class submarine uss tampa bay vanishes while shadowing the russian akula class submarine connect in the arctic rear. admiral john fisk sends the virginia-class submarine uss arkansas, under the command of newly promoted and unorthodox commander joe glass, to investigate. at the same time, a navy seal team under the command of lieutenant bill beeman is sent in to discreetly observe the russian naval base in polyarny, murmansk oblast. when they arrive at the naval base, they witnessed defence minister admiral of the fleet, dmitry durov, conducting a military exercise and taking russian president nikolai zakarian prisoner. and swiftly realized that duraf intends to trigger a war. their location is almost discovered by the russians during a radio intercept check. the seals managed to hide away undetected. martinelli is injured in the leg by gunfire from a russian officer who fired stray bullets into their hiding location, forcing the team to leave him behind. meanwhile, arkansas discovers the destroyed tampa bay and also finds the sunken russian submarine connect damaged in a manner that suggests internal sabotage rather than external attack. they are attacked by another russian akula submarine, volkov, that has been hiding under an iceberg. but glass is able to destroy the ambusher and rescue russian survivors from konec, including its commanding officer, captain second rank, sergey andropov. back at base, the us. government learns about the coup. admiral charles dunigan recommends preparing for war, while fisk suggests that arkansas be sent to rendezvous with beeman's team after they have rescued zacharian. glass manages to convince the reluctant andropov to help, and with andropov's knowledge of the minefield around the base, glass navigates arkansas near the base undetected. meanwhile, beeman's team, with the help of russian presidential security service agent oleg, who the seal team found by the shoreline of the base, wounded infiltrated the base and succeed in retrieving president zuckerin, but lose two teammates, devin hall and matt johnstone in the process. oleg keeps the renegade russian military at bay, giving beeman and zuckerin a chance to escape. oleg is mortally shot multiple times by the duraf soldiers, but he sacrifices himself using hand grenades go back to watch the channel movie 10 minutes he is killed in the explosion and takes a few soldiers with him. beeman delivers the injured president to arkansas's deep submergence rescue vehicle, then goes back alone for martinelli, saving him from russian soldiers about to execute him during a capture. as us. and russian fleets face off for battle, arkansas sustains further damage when they are attacked by andropov's old ship, a heavily armed destroyer now commanded by captain velazquez sutreev, a member of durham's conspiracy. but andropov is able to communicate a message affirming that president zacharian is aboard the submarine. when durab orders his forces at the base to fire missiles at the surfaced arkansas glass refuses to take action, recognizing that firing back at the russians could start the war he is trying to stop. in the last seconds, andhra pop's old crewmates defy orders and destroy the incoming missiles with the close-in weapon system before they can strike arkansas and subsequently destroy europe's naval base headquarters with their missiles. [Music]. with the war averted glass docks arkansas to the russian naval base to return zacharian and andropov surviving crew to their country. glass and andropov bid farewell and confirm their respect for each other. beeman returns with an injured martinelli, and arkansas crew travels back to the us. that's all for the movie. thank you for watching. please subscribe. you 