level that you never gonna get back. truth. always push it over to the brain free. never respect your respect. Retreat 50 to each time. Ted. [Music], the autopsy of Jane Doe is a brilliant horror movie, though he definitely shouldn't overlook. in all honesty, it's one of the best horror films that I've seen in recent memory, due to its atmosphere and the fact it doesn't rely on jump scares, like the terrible, sinister Annabelle is, sidious movies that I just bought the crap out of me with it, cheap scares like Jane Doe herself. there's a lot of things beneath the surface of this film that I'm really gonna delve into in this video blog. I'm gonna cover my fan theory of what I think the film is about, and also just discuss certain things that happen in the movie. the film focuses around Jane Doe, who gets brought into a mortuary to be examined. upon opening up the corpse, we discover things are not quite as they seem, and strange things begin to happen. the two coroner's soon discover that, whilst on the outside, Jane Doe looks fine on the inside. she has been tortured, mutilated and destroyed in several sadistic ways. to me, this is a metaphor for the more that the two scientists find themselves trapped in. on the outside, things look fine, once you down beneath the surface, everything's kind of messed up. and this theory is cemented later on in the film when we see characters remark that the weather's been absolutely the best it's ever been outside. yeah, from our perspective inside, the more we could see that it was terrible outside, apparently. so there's a clear difference between perception and reality depending on what environment you're in. it's totally contradictory. so on the outside of the morgue, everything seemed okay, but beneath it seemed all messed up, which is a repetition of Jane Doe herself. almost every element in the film has the appearance of being pristine and in order, while it's hiding a darker tone beneath the surface. and this ties heavily in with the fact that the coroner's wife committed suicide. I've also believed that Jane Doe herself is a manifestation of Brian Cox and the guilty feels over her suicide. he states that from the outside she seemed happy and bubbly and full of life, but inside, she dealt with depression, anxiety and a general feeling of unhappiness. this led to a suicide. and once again follows the motif that from the outside, things that alright, but on the inside, the messed up, depression is something that rarely manifests on the surface. it's an inner struggle that people who suffer from it deal with. the fact that Brian Cox's character was ignorant to the turmoil that was going on within his wife's - comeback in an almost become a response to the former Jane Doe. she sadistically destroys the character within their own minds, leaving them almost bun home on the outside for the majority of the film and torturing. this really summarizes to me that Jane Doe is a physical manifestation of his wife. he's come back to torture the husband and son who ignored her in a moment of need, making them go through the same things that she went through, much in the same way that Jane Doe brought the terror inflicted on her, to her victims. so what did you think in the film? I'd love to hear your theories, what you thought of mine. if I'm right, if I'm wrong, I don't care if you think I'm wrong. this safe. thanks very much for taking the time to check out my video. if you liked this, please like it. and if you like to see more, please subscribe, cuz I've been videos like this all the time. also check out my website, definition : UK, where our review films and also offer fan theories on certain things that I think of it. thanks very much. take care. [Music]. 