Liss masterpieces. let me explain. now, ever since we caught both of these at TIFF Alina and I have been arguing about which one is better. because, you know, without a doubt, these are the two best movies we've personally seen this year. and we're nearing about, like, 600 new ones this year. the question just stands, which one is better? now I've already declared, and a month later, still standby parasite being the best of the decade. meanwhile, Alina swears by portrait, even putting it above mid so mark, claiming that it's better than Paris sighting, give it time, I'll get there. and she forced me to record this business. you can edit it whichever you end up referring. they're both great movies. I don't know what's going to break this cinematic trilogy for us so far this year, because it kind of seems like it's set in stone. but as for portrait, I'll start with the endings, because it has three masterful ones. the one we get is a 9 out of 10 only because the one before it, when you see the is a 10 out of 10. and the only reason that one gets a perfect score is because the one five minutes prior to that, involving a gasp in the dark. is an 11 out of 10. I'm honestly scared to watch this movie again, and fear that it um the Thrones parasite, because its second for me. but it's really close. the story revolves around a badass artist named Mary Ann who gets commissioned to paint a portrait for a marriage proposal. she goes off to this island, leaves her students and don't fireplace behind, and meets Eloise, the woman who refuses to get her portrait or get married. now, both characters are badass to me, like, you don't know much about them, and it's done on purpose, as you can see here, according to the director, but they're just, they're really freaking cool. so much is spoken through silence and subtle reactions, that when they do speak, the dialogue feels like a volley where they take turns spiking each other in the face with comebacks. not say it's a cliche, cuz it's, you know, it's in the title, and everyone always says it's about beautiful movies, but you could really pause any frame, print it out and display it in an Art Institute. you know how I'm pulp fiction. we don't even see the suitcase cuz, you know I'm gonna take away from it yet. no, she shows you the portrait here, and I want to buy the damn thing. luckily, this in a 24 so you know, if they do announce, they won't be out of stock before they reveal that it's even a thing. there are scenes that begin with the visual climax where, you know, most other films would use that visual to cut to the next scene. NASA, Selene begins hers with it. Selene seems to not even want to take credit for this, but she also does the costume designs. and, you know, look at her, we know it's you. there's a point in the movie where they even bust out into this heavenly chorus outside. and I don't even know what better way to describe this experience than to let the director herself show how impressed she was. the JED of batters up in the back for a good reason. this room is amazing. this is one of the most beautiful theater I've ever seen in my life. of them the soundcheck in the afternoon, and I was blown away by my own film, which means it's really, really good the room, my men. and I love the new lame is Rob that has nothing to do with the musical per se, but the movie that submitted to the Oscars by France, their official submission. I really want you guys to watch that one. I think it's a fantastic movie. but portrait may be one of the best French films of all. I think the nocturnal put it best by describing this short period that explains who two women are at a time when they are expected to be seen and not heard, something that even Celine says not to do this biopic thing by taking one of the stars, you know, Wendy. so didn't want to make this portrait of a strong women. just wanted to make a portrait of a woman at work. I can't wait for you all to see this movie. so though we can talk spoilers, I think it comes out in December. but today is Alina Keys waking up every morning letting me know about the storytelling technique that louder so much. I've been hearing about it for a month, and probably will continue to hear about it until the end of the decade. a work of art. it's better than whiplash. I'm keeping this video brief, obviously for a reason, because I know most of you haven't seen it. just to add it to your radar. but if that phrase right there means nothing to probably half of you, it's probably because you haven't been following us since 2014 on the a disease show, where i gushed about that being one of my favorites of all time. and you don't have to agree with me. I hate it when people think that reviewers or critics from, you know, whatever you want to call them, Yelpers, have to always agree with them, cuz now that that's a little weird. you ain't looking for someone who's your soul mate. well, you should be looking for its consistency. you know, you don't want to follow someone who is naming every new installment as the best installment, just for the clicks, and then changing it later. what I'm telling you is that, if my word means anything to you, I can guarantee you you can going over hype for this movie and you'll still enjoy it. how people were sending me plat points, since this movie's been out overseas for a long time, they were sending me leaked links so that I can watch and I was like, yo, y'all gonna get me in trouble. let me wait til TIFF starts to catch it. and after having seen hundreds per year, thousands of movies ever since, you would know that I rarely, if ever, compare a movie to whiplash, personally. so until November, first spoiler video, I'll just say this, this is the best movie we've ever covered on our channels since we started. discover it for yourself very soon. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below. like I said, this was a brief video. they don't really want to put too much boilers in it cuz I want you guys to go in and really enjoy these movies. I want to make sure they're on your radar. maybe you won't love them as much as we do, that's okay, but hopefully you're able to check these out. hopefully they play near you. I hate when they don't do that, which sucks. but I'm curious to know which movies are in your radar that you want to mention to us. as you guys know, every year I always say my favorite film festival is Sundance, because it produces my favorite movies of the year. that's been pretty consistent since 2014 with when whiplash came out. but this year, you guys know, I always make a video around August, September, talking about my favorite movie of the year. and I always say, I was like, I'm calling this one my favorite movie of the year, making a video on it. but if it changes, that's fine. I want to put it on your radar. but if it changes to good. if there's a better movie than my favorite movie, let's go. I was about to release the loose video, kid, you not. and then, and then we had made it to TIFF, and I saw this one, literally deleted an entire edit that we worked on. not that I don't like loose, still really much love loose. but Paris language without, best of the decade in my opinion. portrait right up there. please watch on cut. gems. whole TIFF video coming very, very soon. just waiting on some things to clear for that. but I'm very curious to know your thoughts. if you've been to these festivals, what are some of the movies that we've missed? let us know, so that they're on our radar. but you'll see our entire tip video coming very soon. until then, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, or you're just a painter, not an artist, 