[Music], i come back again with mac's story. all right, here we go to storyline of this film. [Music], a person whose life is directionless and doing the same things, but without any results or changes in daily life. it can happen to friends or other family members. likewise, a man named lemuel gulliver, who has worked for decades as a mail carrier in a media company. ten years of experience did not make him immediately promoted. he falls in love with darcy silverman, a traveling writer who works for the same company. i forgot something. yeah, me too. gulliver certainly wanted to be close to him, but he was just a lowly employee in the company. then he looked for a way to get closer to darcy. finally, he tried to become a traveling writer too. but he had difficulty in writing his first article and ran out of ideas to write. it occurred to him to copy someone else's article and show it to darcy. darcy credits gulliver for a good article. he also suggested frequent picnics to get inspiration to write more articles. i don't know what got into his mind, so he decided to travel to the bermuda triangle. gulliver spent his time reading magazines until he fell asleep because the journey to get there was very boring. without realizing it, suddenly he was in the middle of a fierce sea with high waves. and his boat headed towards a very large whirlpool. then he was sucked inside. the next morning, gulliver woke up and was stranded on the beach. he could not move his legs and arms. a group of dwarf men approached him. one of the men introduced himself as general edward, a troop commander in the land of lilliput. he said that gulliver was arrested for trying to enter the country. gulliver panicked and frightened to see the dwarves. he tried to escape, but was easily caught again, gulliver is in chains and in prison in a cave located on a deserted island. it turns out that he is not alone either. he then gets acquainted with another prison inmate named horatio. he was imprisoned by edward for falling in love with daughter mary. according to gulliver, that is a very ridiculous excuse. horatio explained that a poor person in lilliput land who fell in love with a member of the royal family would be considered a criminal and should be severely punished. general edward used this opportunity to order gulliver to plow the fields because of his enormous size. then the sound of a bell was heard, indicating an attack from the next country, namely the blessfucian country. edward ran as fast as he could to save mary's daughter. horatio had a feeling that the princess was in great danger, and he begged gulliver to save her immediately. without a second thought, horatio then released the chain holding gulliver. the blasphemician troops who were about to kidnap the princess were shocked by gulliver's giant body. finally, he managed to get princess mary to safety, and horatio came to see him. after that, a bell rang, signaling a fire. gulliver ran as fast as he could to find his location. and what caught fire turned out to be the royal castle. king theodore was trapped in a room with a huge flame. [Music]. gulliver had a crazy idea to put out the fire. he took off his pants, then used his pee to save king theodore from the fire. the king was very grateful to gulliver for saving him, and he celebrated the day by hosting a dinner that evening. the king and queen asked if gulliver was from the forbidden island. gulliver was confused by the question, but he explained that he was from new york city. he also explains that in his hometown he is a brave hero. the king then offered to build a residence for gulliver. gulliver happily accepted king theater's offer without a second thought. the land of lilliput is known for its expertise in building things. they built gulliver's dream house in a very short time. not only that, gulliver also built a theater so that all lilliput residents can enjoy it with gulliver's help. horatio was finally able to meet and talk to princess mary. however, their conversation was heard by edward, which made him hate gulliver and horatio even more. in the evening, edward managed to find the wreckage of the boat and gulliver's cell phone. gulliver was very happy with edward's findings. then he opened his cell phone and listened to the voicemail on his cell phone, which turned out to be from darcy. darcy is very disappointed and angry with gulliver because the article he wrote earlier turned out to be the result of copying from someone else. this leaves darcy in big trouble at the office. after hearing darcy's words, gulliver felt guilty and sad. the next morning, edward tries to convince king theodore that he must get rid of gulliver as soon as possible. however, king theodore instead appointed gulliver to become the country's war general. this made edward even more emotional and hated gulliver. he then purposely shuts down the marine defense system. this opportunity was used by the blephasian countries to attack. gulliver is called upon to counter the blessfuitian attack. daw actually did not want a war to occur, so he went to the blessfucian king and advised him to pretend to be afraid and then run away. the king refused and attacked with hundreds of canon attacks. the cannonballs tickled gulliver a little and he easily drove the bless fusion fleet out of the lillaput sea area. the king and queen love gulliver even more. they renovated the city so that it resembled new york city, gulliver's hometown. he also received special services from the kingdom by building a playground, massage place and even haircut. seeing gulliver's success, edward became increasingly jealous. plus princess mary broke off her engagement with edward. eventually, he met the blessed fusion king out of emotion and begged him to help him carry out his evil plan. edward plans to make a giant robot, inspired by gulliver's magazine that he found on the beach. yesterday, everyone was startled in the middle of a music concert, suddenly by the sound of a bell, signaling another attack. then a machine that looks like a trashcan came to gulliver, and it turned out to be a machine created by edward. he challenged to a duel, and gulliver underestimated the creation. machine that looked like a trash can. it turned out that the machine turned into a giant robot, whose size was even larger than gulliver's body. he tried to knock the robot down, but to no avail. edward then easily pulled gulliver's panties and embarrassed him in front of the king and queen. gulliver finally gave up in pain. he then said that he was not a hero, but a coward. then apologized for disappointing everyone. finally, edward tied gulliver's body on a raft and sent him to the forbidden island. after regaining consciousness, gulliver thought that he had returned to the normal world. but he turned out to be in a much more terrible place. a giant little girl catches gulliver and puts him in a dollhouse and plays with him every day. gulliver was scared, so he always obeyed the giant girl's request, returning to the land of lilliput. unexpectedly, darcy was also stranded there. and finally he was arrested by edward. horatio saw it all and then planned to go to the forbidden island to tell gulliver. he tried to get princess mary to go with him. however, the princess refused for fear that edward would hurt her father and mother, who were in prison. horatio was succeeded to go to the forbidden island and met gulliver. he told him that darcy was stranded and had been caught by edward. gulliver felt even more regret after learning that darcy had come all the way from new york and was willing to go looking for him. horatio then convinces gulliver to be brave and confident to save darcy. what horatio said was true. gulliver didn't want the woman he loved to be hurt by edward. they both finally returned to the land of lilliput and as soon as possible, found darcy in prison. this opportunity is also used by gulliver to apologize for his stupid actions and then honestly say that he has always liked darcy and is willing to do anything to be close to him. hearing gulliver's honesty, darcy's heart melted and she forgave him. and she asked what we should do now to help the lilliput kingdom. gulliver has an idea, and is about to prove he's not a coward. anymore. so he again challenges edward and his robot to a rematch with all his might. gulliver tries to fight back, but the robot has been upgraded and has a variety of weapons. horatio saw gulliver who was about to lose. he bravely decided to sneak into the military robot and manage to unplug the power source inside. this opportunity is used by gulliver to launch a counter-attack and finally defeat the robot. edward, princess mary fell in love with him even more after seeing his courage. then the king theodore gave the blessing to both of them to marry the lilliput kingdom managed to repair gulliver's boat. he and darcy were finally able to return to new york city. their story ends with a happy ending. 