Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain an action, thriller, and sci-fi film called "The Island." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. A group of people in an isolated colony have to live in a tightly controlled environment, knowing that much of the earth is now uninhabitable due to widespread contamination. They have to follow a rigorous daily routine of proper diet and exercise to keep themselves healthy. Each dreams of going to an uncontaminated paradise island, but they're told that only those who win the weekly lottery are allowed to live there. Lincoln Six Echo dreams about reaching the island on a boat, but he also suffers from nightmares that cause him to wake up confused about his surroundings and identity. When he gets out of his room, he is greeted by other inhabitants who are all wearing the same outfit. Upon entering the elevator, they're informed that the lottery has picked a resident named Starkweather Two Delta to go to the island. Starkweather, who has been staying at the compound for six months, shares his excitement of getting to breathe fresh air and swim in the ocean. A resident named Gandu Three Echo starts hitting the screen in frustration. He tells the other men at the lift that he has been there for seven years and still hasn't won the lottery. When Lincoln arrives at the cafeteria, the server informs him that he cannot have bacon because of a nutrition flag. Before he could sit at a table, his best friend, Jordan Two Delta, approaches him from behind and tells him to "watch and learn." She uses her charms on the server to get some bacon, despite not being allowed to have them. Jordan goes back to Lincoln and drops the bacon in his tray. As they continue chatting, a guard interrupts them and tells them to separate. After the meal, Lincoln reports to Dr. Merrick, the head scientist at the facility. Merrick warns Lincoln about being in constant proximity to Jordan and asks him about his nightmares. Lincoln tells Merrick about a boat that takes him to the island and begins sketching it. As the doctor asks him more questions, he complains about the food choices and the clothes available to him and says he wishes there's more to his life than just going to the island. The doctor advises Lincoln to consider himself lucky to survive the contamination and be a part of the facility that will repopulate the earth. When Lincoln asks him if he plans on going to the island, Merrick says that he and other staff members are ineligible to win the lottery because they are needed at the compound. Lincoln finishes the sketch of the boat and shows it to Merrick. Below the drawing, Lincoln has written the word "renovatio." When the doctor asks him what it means, Lincoln said that he saw it in his dreams, but he doesn't know its meaning. The doctor decides to run some tests on Lincoln. During the examination, he drops several tiny metallic orbs onto Lincoln's face and tells him that those are microsensors that will be attached to his optic nerves. The balls start transforming and crawl up into Lincoln's eyelid. Merrick informs him that the sensors will be uploading data to the facility. After 24 hours, he will be expelling the tiny devices from his body when he urinates. At the work center, Lincoln complains to his co-workers about being bored from doing their job. His co-worker, Jones Three Echo, suggests that they are doing important work by feeding the nutrient lines to keep the residents healthy. Gandu Three Echo approaches them and alerts them to a new arrival, leaving Jones to wonder how they keep finding survivors outside the compound. The atmosphere at the work center shifts abruptly when a pregnant woman suddenly collapses. While her co-workers call for help, the woman, named Lima One Alpha, realizes that she is now in labor. She smiles as she breathes heavily, knowing that she and her baby are now headed to the island. Lincoln takes advantage of the situation and reports that his workstation has broken down. He manages to get the key to Sector Six, where he meets a technician named James McCord. He tells McCord that his computer broke down again, but the technician knows that he just made it up to see him. They hang out at McCord's workstation drinking an unknown beverage from a flask until the technician was called to report in "product extraction." After McCord leaves, Lincoln catches a bug and puts it in a matchbox labeled "Ace of Spades." McCord heads to product extraction while lab personnel is working on a pod containing a human body. The lab personnel cuts the pod open and remove the tubes attached to the man that emerged from the pod. As the man struggles, a lab worker removes an obstruction inside his mouth, allowing him to breathe. A scientist comes in to check on the condition of the man. After the inspection, he tells the lab personnel that the man appears to be a "fine product." They put a tag on the man\'s wrist and cover it with a bracelet. In another sector, more pods containing human bodies receive fluids from the nutrient lines being fed by Jones. Later that night, Lincoln tells Jordan about the bug that he found. He starts wondering about how the insect survived the contamination and surmised that something might be wrong with the facility. After Jordan leaves, Gandu and Jones approach him and tell him that the lottery is starting. The residents watch in anticipation as their photos are flashed on the screen. A few moments later, a woman announces that Jordan Two Delta has won. While Jordan celebrates, Lincoln is dismayed by the thought of being left behind by his best friend. That night, Lincoln was abruptly awakened by a nightmare. Unable to fall back to sleep, he decides to take the bug back to Sector Six and release it. He follows the bug and reaches a hatch that leads to a restricted area. Lincoln climbs up quietly and sneaks into a room to change his clothes. Now wearing a lab coat, he walks around freely as he inspects the other rooms. During his investigation, he comes across a window with a view of the delivery room, where Lima One Alpha just finished giving birth. Moments after the delivery, a doctor injects a serum into a tube attached to Lima. As the liquid runs through the pipes, Lima's body begins to shake violently. A nurse holds down her feet tight until she flatlines. In the next room, Lincoln watches in shock as they cover Lima with a bag. The nurse brings the baby into another room, where a couple is waiting. She then hands over the infant to the woman that looks exactly like Lima. In the operating room, other staff members are preparing to remove Starkweather's liver. However, he wakes up before the surgeon can even make an incision. He runs out of the room screaming for his life only to be caught by the guards armed with harpoon guns. Lincoln witnesses the incident while hiding behind a mobile tray. Lincoln runs back down to Sector Six while the guards watch the footage of Starkweather's capture. Merrick enters the security station and asks the staff to play the video again. He notices a frame showing an unknown figure taking cover behind a tray and tells the guards to run a facial match then find the resident. Meanwhile, Lincoln runs to the women's quarters to find Jordan as Merrick orders a total lockdown. When Lincoln reaches her room, he describes what he witnessed in the medical sector and warns her that her life is in danger. Lincoln and Jordan start running from the guards and eventually end up in Sector Six. They exit the sector through a vent and fall into a large room where they see hundreds of people lying on gurneys while watching a video feed. On their way out, they come across a giant hologram of mountains and the ocean. Lincoln notices the machinery that powers the hologram while Jordan opens a blast door that leads outside. When they emerge from the compound, they find themselves in a desert. Back inside the facility, an announcer tells the residents that Lincoln has been put on quarantine while Jordan has been sent on her way to the island. Meanwhile, Merrick gives a presentation to potential clients, assuring them that the institute complies with the nation's eugenics laws. He further stresses that all the clones are in a vegetative state and incapable of feeling any emotion. After the presentation, Merrick meets with a mercenary named Albert Laurent and asks him to bring back Jordan and Lincoln. When Laurent points out their supposed vegetative state, Merrick explains that the organs always fail without consciousness and human experience. Laurent immediately orders his men to prepare to search for the clones as they wait for their description. In the desert, Jordan and Lincoln see a snake and note that the animal is alive and unaffected by the supposed contamination. Later on, Merrick informs Laurent that Jordan Two Delta's sponsor, Sarah Jordan, has been injured in a car accident and needs multiple organ transplants within 48 hours. On the road, Lincoln comes across a sign marked "Route 39." He looks at the matchbox he took from McCord's workstation and notices that it is the same route marked as the Ace of Spades bar location. The two clones follow the trail and eventually arrive at the bar, where they find McCord. McCord reluctantly takes the two clones to his home and tells them the truth about the facility. Lincoln and Jordan learn that they were clones who were raised to provide spare organs when their wealthy sponsors get sick. The memories they have are just imprints to make them think that they've had a life before they were cloned. Their sponsors are not aware that the clones are conscious because Merrick keeps them well hidden. Lincoln insists on finding their sponsors, so McCord gives them some clothes, cash, and credit cards. Laurent learns that Lincoln has been implanted with microsensors that emit low-frequency RF signals, so he uses them to track their location. Lincoln passes the microsensors at the train station, but Laurent's team has already followed them there. While buying a map, McCord recognizes one of the mercenaries and tries to warn the two clones. The mercenary shoots McCord in the chest, and Lincoln and Jordan make a run for it. The clones arrive in Los Angeles to find Lincoln Six Echo's sponsor, Tom Lincoln. While walking on their way to find a directory, Jordan comes across an advertisement featuring her sponsor. She stares in amazement at the TV as she sees Sarah kissing a man. Meanwhile, Laurent's men also arrive in the city and immediately start tapping into the surveillance cameras to find the two clones. The operatives discover their exact location when Lincoln uses the credit card at the information booth. Lincoln and Jordan use the directory to search for Tom Lincoln only to find out that he is not listed. When they ask about Sarah Jordan, the directory immediately makes a video call to Sarah's house. A young boy answers the call and informs Jordan that his mother is at the hospital. As the boy turns to look at the monitor, he recognizes Jordan's face and wonders if he's talking to his mom. Laurent and his team reach the location of the clones as soon as they drop the video call, but the police also arrive at the scene to pick them up for the murder of James McCord. Merrick tells Laurent to use any means necessary to retrieve the clones, fearing that the facility will also be implicated in the investigation. On their way to the police station, Lincoln asks the cop to pull up Tom Lincoln's file to find out where he lives. As the squad car waits for the green light at the intersection, Laurent's armored van crashes the vehicle's front. A firefight ensues between Laurent's operatives and the cops, giving Lincoln and Jordan some time to break free. The mercenaries leave the shootout and chase after the clones, but they eventually getaway. Back at the compound, Gandu Three Echo tells Merrick that he has doubts whether the contamination is real because of the bug that Lincoln found. Fearing that he might share his suspicions with others, Merrick eliminates Gandu by injecting him with an unknown chemical. The following day, the two clones arrive at Tom Lincoln's house. As Lincoln Six Echo curiously inspects a scanner, it lights up when it detects his features and opens the door for them. Lincoln walks around the house and sees several pictures of his sponsor. He becomes fascinated by the display of a model boat marked "Renovatio." While checking out the display, Tom attacks him from behind with a golf club. Tom, who wears glasses, swings the club again to hit the clone, but he stops after seeing his face staring back at him. At the Institute, Merrick learns that Lincoln experienced 30 years of growth in his memories in the past three years. The Chief of Incubation surmises that the anomaly is an infection, but Merrick asserts that these are memories of his sponsor. Back at the house, Tom helps the clones remove the bracelets from their wrists. Later on, he explains to Lincoln that he has cirrhotic hepatitis and his liver will start failing within the next two years. Lincoln convinces Tom to go to the media and tell the world about the clones at the facility. Tom, however, secretly calls the institute and notifies them that the clones are in his house. As they prepare to leave, Jordan detects that Tom is hiding something, so she stays behind. On their way to the TV station, Laurent catches up and blocks them when they arrive at an intersection. Tom suddenly points a gun at Lincoln, letting him know that he has no intention of letting the world know about what goes on at the institute. Lincoln drives away from the mercenaries until they get to an abandoned museum. Lincoln gets out of the car and tries to run away, but Tom tackles him. As they struggle to subdue each other, Tom loses his glasses. The mercenaries arrive just in time to see the identical men emerge from the scuffle, with one pointing a gun at the other. As Laurent tries to assess the situation, both men start claiming that they're the real Tom Lincoln. As the two men argue about their identity, Lincoln Six Echo suddenly wraps the clone bracelet on Tom's wrist. Seeing the bracelet, Laurent decides to shoot Tom. Lincoln later tells Laurent that Jordan has left the state to look for her sponsor. Realizing that some clones could behave unpredictably, Merrick orders his staff to dispose of them. The institute calls Tom Lincoln's house to inform him of the recall and invite him back to the facility for a rescan. Merrick launches mass winnings for the lottery to remove the potentially disruptive clones from the population. Lincoln and Jordan start making plans to leave on Tom's boat and head south, but not before they free the other clones at the facility. Meanwhile, the staff at the institute have already started disposing of the clones that are still being incubated. As Lincoln prepares to head back to the institute, Jordan uses McCord's credit card to alert the mercenaries to her location. Laurent and his men arrive at a park to grab her and take her back to the compound, where they'll take her organs. Lincoln arrives at the facility and meets up with the public relations officer, Charles Whitman. Before they start the rescan, Lincoln knocks Whitman with a gun and goes on his way to free the other clones. In the operating room, a guard taunts Jordan as they prepare to remove her organs. When the guard turns his back on her, she takes out a gun that she hid in his pants and shoots him in the leg. She leaves the operating room with a security key and a walkie-talkie. She meets up with Jordan at the entrance, and they walk through the halls until they reach the area where the clones are being prepared for disposal. Lincoln goes on his way to shut down the holographic power grid while Jordan follows the clones. Merrick reveals to Laurent that Sarah Jordan is unlikely to survive even if the transplants are successful. Laurent, somehow, starts feeling an affinity with the clones as he recalls how and his brothers were once branded to indicate that they were less than humans. As Lincoln makes his way to the hologram room, the institute's security team issues an alert for him after a doctor discovers that the corpse belonged to Tom. Laurent manages to track down Jordan and disarms her while staff members usher the lottery winners to an incineration chamber. However, as soon as the staff starts the incineration process, Jordan and Laurent save the clones. Meanwhile, Lincoln reaches the hologram room and pulls down a lever to overload the reaction fan. Merrick then arrives at the room armed with a harpoon gun to deal with Lincoln personally. Merrick struggles to subdue Lincoln but eventually gains the upper hand. He strangles Lincoln with his bare hands, leaving his harpoon gun lying next to them. Upon seeing the weapon, Lincoln reaches for it and uses it to shoot Merrick in the neck. As the grid begins to malfunction, the turbine fan spins out of control and breaks the walkway where the two men are fighting. The two men are left hanging on a harpoon cable, but only Lincoln makes it back up alive. As the hologram starts to fade, clones run outside of the compound to breathe the fresh air for the first time. Laurent looks on and smiles as Lincoln and Jordan celebrate their freedom with a kiss. 