[Music]. the experiment, 2010 explained. the story of the movie. experiment starts with two elephants images with the written statement, natural selection. then the attack of some insects on one another is shown, including aquatic and terrestrial animals. then the animal-like assault of human beings, as bloodshed and violence is shown on the other human beings. then a character named travis comes on the scene. he is an anti-war protester. next scene starts in the public where the public is slogging, and the banners of written statements as no more coffins and peace are caught. travis is also in the procession and talking with a man. the court banner of travis has a written phrase on it as bring him home. meanwhile, a girl is pushed by someone who is there, and she is fallen down. travis is got angry, noticing it, and he starts punching to that man, and police cover the mata coming there. that girl asks travis, are you all right? afterward, they are befriended. conversation begins as she tells him she is going to india. in the next scene, travis is reading a newspaper, sitting in his room. he sees an advertisement where some subjects are required for behavioral experiment. its duration is two weeks, and there is a need of staff. the salary is one thousand dollars per day. travis goes for interview and encounters a man named barris who sits next to him. travis calls him smart man while looking at him. and that smart man says to him, we are strangers. a primary scientist arranges a meeting with the candidates. after a time, he says, we are going to conduct a behavioral experiment for it. we need to arrange a short series test for it. he wants to clear before it, as these things will be provided to you in the secure environment. it will be an actual experiment. some of the subjects will be deprived of their civil rights. then he says, let's start the test. different questions are posed on travis and the other members. as a word violence is uttered before travis, and he says, no. afterwards, the word religion is uttered before him. he again says no. scientist says, on it it is a broad area. the more questions are also asked from barris and travis in the same way. and travis is seated in a place where a screen is fixed, which plays the scenes of violence. after that, spending time with her friend. travis again reaches the same place. he also meets paris there. he says to him after meeting, nice to meet you. mostly people among them are anxious and jobless. and they agree with it. the primary scientist tells them there are experiments in coming, two weeks for all of you. he more says, i will take back civil rights from all of you. you have a last chance if you want to quit. then the complete staff not looking at one another, then leader says, good he says, your safety will be the first priority of yours. the experiment will be terminated if any violence on your part occurs. then leader calls attendance of everyone. and the mentioned person is stood making other group while sitting, people re-asked to follow another cue in the same way. scientist leaves, saying, good luck, gentlemen. varys team is instructed. barra's team is of guards, while travers team is of prisoners. travers team is told there are five crucial rules for the prisoners. they are informed about the rules, as prisoners are only limited to the designated area. then it is told they will be served three times food and they are responsible to clean their plates after eating. the time duration of 30 minutes will be for their recreation, in which they can take break, otherwise, more rules are also told with a warning as that candidate will be punished if he breaks any rule. it is also told this experiment is not only relevant with individual, it will be imposed on the whole group. in case of breaking the rule by an individual, red light will be switched on. if disciplinary action is not taken within 30 minutes against the group members, and experiment will be terminated. then scientist says, now i will see you after two weeks. then a group member of barris says, put on the clothes according to your allocated numbers. and the given cell assignment will be stuck with their cells. then everyone moves to his allocated cell. travis observes the fixed cameras there. travers prisoner. mates are nixon benji. in the next time, recreational time of playing basketball arrives. now prisoners are playing basketball. a prisoner hits the basketball to the guard while playing it. guard's lips start bleeding because of the hit of basketball. but guard can not react according to the rules. he says to him, we can take the disciplinary action within 30 minutes. his fellows refuse to take action when he talks with them. then guards, group member punishes the prisoner who has hit the guard, saying to have 10 push-ups. all prisoners are also asked to do the same. all have 10 push-ups. guard's room has the camera's screens, which makes the possibility to keep an eye on the activities of the prisoners. otherwise, prisoners are served food by the guards because it is the second day. now, a food item is not liked by one prisoner, but the food plate's cleanliness is necessary according to the rule. travis does also not clean the plates with some of his prisoners. he turns his plate down on the hand of guard. when he forces him, he says, look, i have cleaned the plate. guard leader says loudly, they will have to exercise more push-ups. a prisoner throws a food item on the face of guard, and he says, look, i have exercised push-up. then the same guard throws food on them. as a result, all prisoners begin to throw all things on them, and guards flee from there. and prisoners shout, it is our home. they are excited. in the next scene, all guards are talking about the rules. afterward, varys plans that we will have to humiliate all prisoners because they acted as such. he sprays the fire extinguisher in the cell of prisoners after saying it. then barris locks travis with the prisoner's door, using handcuffs in order to take revenge from him. varys says to travis, on his said words, shut up. then he says it loudly. such incidents should not be happened again. after explaining it all, then he says loudly, everyone has got it all. reply, yes, sir. then going in front of the mirror, barry's smiles on the other side. travis is upset and in angry mood. he hears his prisoner mate's voice. he says, my blood sugar has dropped too low. guards ask him to keep quiet when he tells his problem to them. varys addresses all prisoners on the third day of trial. he says, now 11 days have remained, we should act as such as everyone may return to his home happily. then he asks, where is the poisoner number 61? going inside with the other guard, barris finds the prisoner in ailment. his mane is benji, who is lied down on his bed. varys asks him to stand up, but travis reveals about his ailment, favoring him. but god does not convince and says, rules are rules. travis says, experiment will be terminated in case of harming one another. then guard orders, go back to your cells again. and all prisoners are locked now, being locked in, prisoner worried, travis begins to imagine his friend. and he also talks with his prisoner mate. on the other side, guards are talking, as experiment will be over if someone is hurt, and will also not be paid. so it is better to resolve it using another technique in the same way. varys thinks of a second plan as he frees travis from the cell at night time in order to take revenge from him. then he makes him bound with a chair, taking him to a place. after that, he shaves his head with shaving machine, while taking revenge from him. travis is fallen away when he hits his chair forcefully. travis is dishonored too much. he remains silent, coming into his cell when he is asked about this happening. benji is neither treated, even nor served food. who was ill because he was unable to leave his bed. hiding a bread, stealthily, travis serves him to eat. after coming there, one member of god comes for the help of travis at night, who was unable to face injustice. travis requests him to bring syringe and insulin from benji's bag. he will award him cash, if he wants. but that guard rejects this offer. he goes to that room stealthily, where the bags are placed. after searching benji's bag, he comes out taking insulin and syringe. contrarily, barris reaches to that guard immediately who is helping travis. after watching everything through cameras, he discovers everything from him, while threatening him. who asked you to do it? and he reveals everything. travis himself goes to the cell taking insulin and syringe and puts on benji's bed. he stares at travis. travis is brought to paris leader in the next scene. then travis is ordered to clean toilet because of his violation. travis rejects it. then travis is forced to say, i am a prisoner. travis does not follow it and says, go to hell. travis face is dipped into the toilet as a punishment. and toilet is flushed. in spite of this mistreatment, travis says to paris, go to hell. at the end, travis accepts his defeat and says, i am a prisoner. in the next scene, travis is shown crying and in helpless condition. everything is being captured by the camera. on the opposite side, barris wakes that guard at night who has tried to help travis, taking him in another room. he is being put under the cruelty. this guard is brought before prisoner on the fifth day. his face is wounded and blood-stained. when his face is uncovered, varys names him poisoner number 76. travis is hearing everything, and throws his shirt on the ground after taking it off and imitating travis. all prisoners throw their shirts down. after a while, travis moves towards camera and falls down. varys violates, showing his brutality. while benji hits him, losing his control, turning back, barris hits benji, consequently, benji begins afflicting falling down and also wounded. now benji is motionless, lying on the ground. travis is locked into an isolated iron box, which has a fixed camera inside it. now, guards are confused, while barris continues to show his brutality. he says no one will know about it. on the sixth day, travis continues his laughter locked in the iron box. he also pretends to others as he is in normal condition. he does not lose his hope, and finally gets success to open the iron box using his bracelet, and he is freed. he also frees the other prisoners coming outside, and continues his efforts to attack the guards. a prisoner hands travis over an iron stick after his arrival to attack the other guards. guards are frightened seeing the cameras, scream because they come to know as prisoners are freed. now one of the guards asks, what should we do? holding a stick, barris says, we should be ready. all prisoners are beating the glass door violently. afterward, the door is opened. all guards escape, saving their lives, while barris is after them. prisoners are running after them madly, as they will take their lives. the shutter is not open to move outside by the guards. meanwhile, the prisoners attack them. varys stabs travis, but he holds a knife, while barris loses his hand. grip in fear. after it, barris violently beats travis. and other prisoners are attacking on other guards. at the same time, red light is switched on. it means that experiment has been terminated, according to the rule. now the site of outside is visible. as the building door is unlocked, chirping of birds is heard, and bright daylight is visible. after many days, all begin to walk in wounded condition and sit on the ground dejectedly. then the same bus arrives which had dropped them here. all get seats there, wearing the dresses seated. barris in the bus had a cash check in his hand of fourteen thousand dollars. but barris is upset. he looks at travis. all have been the participants of experiments, so are paid. media also telecasts the news that it was psychological testing, and all experiments have been testified. now travis moves to india. sitting near a lake, travis is observing a woman who cleans her child's face with water. after sometimes trevor's friend comes at the backside. he smiles peacefully, and both are united. thanks for watching. like, comment and subscribe. don't forget to hit the bell icon. 