before I begin, let me stop by saying, my man, the Stars if I move it today. oh, I'm sorry, but I don't know these bits play. my story begins with the flying dutchman coming out of nowhere. didn't down where it's wetter, their words, not mine, with mermaids. and my man's this King Triton. he got crab, one crab who conducts concerts where sea creatures play conks and the dawdles of King Triton sing a damn dude, you really spread your roll around, don't you? and then the grand entrance of the little baby mermaid daughter, who we've already been told as the best voice and plot twist. she are more important things to do to entertain her mermaid ma and Pappy. Ariel has done swished her tail on over to some sunken ship with her friend flounder. and right away, you know this story BS, because Noah flounder is born with one eye on each side of his head. one of them suckers gradually migrates across the head until the bit has some serious skull issues, forcing that bit to swim on his side. Dasein asked me what I know, since I'm scaring the little children. back to the point, which is the fact that Ariel gets her fins in a fluff over Falk and right now I'm thinking the flounder I migration is a more fascinating story. then she almost gets a nip in the flip before taking her newfound folk to her feathered friend. this is scuttle, and I don't know what the point of him is. next, this is Ursula. she'd a bad guy. think of her as Doc Ock with some really big tentacles. next, take out the papers in the trash or you don't get no spending cash. and look now, you done gone and got my crustacean all cranky. but daddy, the humans are fascinating. I mean, they got a lot more going on below the scales than we do. bit, you sassing, big dead a. you live on the my ocean. you live under my rules. and she just swim off like, live under this and the king just sit there like, I'll just shove this effing [ __ ] my throat and get it over with. I mean, the crab gets a downgrade from King's advisor to babysitting the king spoiled brat. sounds familiar, right? Zazu and I'm just looking at isn't it like this? ain't this okok, supposed to be fun. I wish someone will give me my gun. this Waldo make me feel like I must be think I just heard. that's why I heard. anyway. and off she goes, touching the bud where she sees much macho with a statue to commemorate all of his much macho Ness. then a stone did a rescue. and then she stopped singing, and he just keeps singing. and the soliloquies cephalopod devises a shy scheme. didn't a babysitter sings a song while the Troublesome child runs off. and was again, I'm just learning it. isn't it like this? so King tryhard, summons the babysitter and finds out his baby girl is ready to throw her sea shells at the first handsome human to cover her weight. and Big Daddy has a big issue. and Ariel says, but daddy, I'm in love. and then he blows up all her loot. then Ursula makes her an offer she can't refuse. she's like, look shocked, mate. I can make you human if you give me your voice. and you got three days to get that human Punk to lay a big smooch on you, in which case you can stay up there forever remain a fish eater. if you fail, you come back down here and let mama long legs and her bouncing bazooms give you some sugar. deal and areas like, but if I ain't got my voice, how can I keep the Prince up all night singing, I'm Henry the Eighth, I am and Ursula's like, girl, just get up there and shake your new moneymaker. men all are they interested in hear what you think. now, sign your name right here and give you soda. mommy, have some legs and have some booty. it has some other things, children, I not be discussing later. Ariel find some clothes. Eric finds Ariel, and Sebastian finds out what's become of all their missing fish friends. the next day, after much full plate, the crab has had enough of this nonsense, it seems, the tropical family-friendly rendition of Marvin Gaye's let's get it on. and they just lucky Marvin Gaye's family has not decided to assume. but they are interrupted by Ursula's evil twin eels, and Ursula disguises herself as an aerial wannabe and puts a spell and to make on Prince Mak that it. later that same day, Eric and Ursula set sail to be married. and we learned the point of scuttle. he's the flight of the ship. and catch Ursula in the middle of her boring bad guy. so the whole oceanic population teams up to stop the wedding. Ariel gets her voice back, and the Sun Goes Down on Ariel to crudely remind Eric that he can't. then ursula takes Ariel back into the water to remind her who's her Octomom. the king gets turned into a Paula. ain't that one of the things that grosses somebody booty? ursula takes over the sea like she Calypso. and Eric has a showdown with the soft-bodied bit, at which point she decides to go crack in front. didn't. the king becomes his old self and rewards his troublemaking Donald with the thing that caused all the damn trouble in the first place, Disney, never failing to remind the little children, you can wreak havoc on your parents lives until they give you your weight. and be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular fictional myth. you can expect me to upload more videos on Thanksgiving weekend. video one. video, thanks to these magnificent muffins. Mario. Tiffany stock kitten, disap whiskey. gabriella see. Michelle w PG f Jay gray, do raspberries. David see, Tina D Kelly s Caro else Brian P, David m JK, Donna G Dan W ona mne melon. a.m. Adrienne P and Justin be for motors. explain fall. I'm Jeb Under 