many people panicked when they knew he was coming for them. this guy can took down 12 assassins in just seconds. john wick is one of the most notorious assassins in the world. but after his wife passed away, he retired to keep his hand clean. john wick has two things that he loved the most, the dog that his past wife left him and a kick-ass mustang. one day, john wick was filling his gas there were three russians came up. one of them was teresov, who just saw john wick's car and immediately wanted it. tarasov asked to buy the car, but john wick refused. later that night, terasov and his two friends broke into john wick's house, beat him with an iron rod, and then they even killed the dog he treasured the most, right in front of him. they did not know who they were messing with. they happily drove john wick's car to a car repair garage working in the terrace of father. the owner of the garage just looked at the car and knew whose it was right away. he angrily asked them, was the owner of the car killed when they took that car? teresa replied, no, but we killed his dog. the boss gave him a hard punch. obviously, the boss knows what kind of person john wick is. this time they messed with the wrong one. tarasov's father is a gangster's boss. that night, the boss phoned the garage's owner to ask why he beat his son. the owner of the garage explained because he stole john wick's car and killed his dog. the boss waited for his son to come home, then beat the crap out of him. but teresa still did not get it. he thought that john wick was just nobody. john wick could not stand the fact that his dog was killed. he broke the floor to get his weapon and prepared to take revenge. the boss knew that the fact his son messes with this man would definitely end up getting his revenge. so he decided to take the first move. he hired 12 assassins to come to john wick's house and get rid of him. but john wick has been prepared and waited for them. he took down all 12 of them within a blink of an eye. the next target was the man who killed his dog. while the gangster's boss announced that if anyone killed john wick, he would be rewarded with two million dollars to make sure. he even hired a friend of john marcus, also a famous sniper assassin. despite him being a friend of john wick, in the underworld, there was no such thing called friendship. marcus took out his weapon. he knew how to respond to this. john wick knew that his house was no longer safe, so he moved to the continental hotel. this is a hotel dedicated to assassins. the hotel clearly states that no one could kill anyone in this hotel's area, or it would cost their lives. that night, john wick went to the nightclub to find tarasov, but teresov quickly escaped. while john wick was also injured. he went back to the hotel to rest. but didn't know that marcus had aimed a gun at him from the opposite building. at this time, a female assassin also sneaked into john wick's room. marcus immediately took a shot and hit john wick's below to warn him. it turned out that marcus had decided to help john wick instead of killing him. originally, the hotel had a policy not to kill anyone there, but the gang boss gave a more attractive term that just by killing john wick in the hotel. the reward would be four million dollars. the female assassin was restrained by john wick and interrogated where the gang boss kept the money. john wick did not break the law of the hotel. he did not kill the female assassin. he found a place that kept all the gangs money and set a fire to burn all of it. knowing the news, the gang boss immediately rushed to find him. but john wick did not leave. he waited here to kill the boss's crew. but at this moment, one of the crew crash into him, caused him to pass out, just woke up. john wick was beaten up. immediately. the gang boss handed him over to two guys to handle. marcus appeared and shot down one. john wick took the chance and also take down the other one. then john wick again carried a gun to chase the gangster boss. now he was scared and told him where his son is and begged john wick to spare his life. john wick found where the boss's son was hiding. he stood outside, knocked out all the guards, then blew up all the cars. teresov had no way to run. john wick got the job done quickly. did not give him a plea shoot him to fulfill his revenge. the gangster knew that marcus did not follow orders, betrayed him, so he sent the assassin to kill marcus. the female assassin also did not live long after going out, she was eliminated by the hotel owner for breaking the hotel rules. john whit knew that his friend marcus was dead, so he chased the gangster boss to revenge for his friend. he caught up with the boss's convoy, stressed the gas pedal to knock down a car, then crashed into the boss's car, caused the car to crash into the pole. on the run, kills all the gangsters and fights the boss one-on-one. john quickly took out the boss and was seriously injured. on the way home, jon stopped at a veterinary clinic and take care of a wounded pit bull. at that moment, john wick's heart finally felt warm again. after that, he and the dog walked home along the riverside to continue a new journey. [Music], you 