so i've been reading a lot of comments over the past few days, and a lot of people are predicting breeze to appear in the season finale. and although i do think a new threat could emerge for racquel as one is taken off the streets, which is unique, because it does look as if he's going to be arrested in the season finale. now, i don't think this new threat is going to be breeze, and i don't think he's going to be introduced in the season finale either. and i'm going to give you my reasons as to why and when i think he's going to be introduced. and this stems from 50 cent recently doing an interview where he spoke about breeze ghost and a young tommy as well, and when they could appear in raising canaan. so i'm going to run through 50 cent's interview with the express and a brief history lesson with breezy's story. but as we're talking about threats in this video, in this second part of the video, we're going to look at some new potential threats which could emerge for raqqa if uni does take the fall. floor detective, how it's shooting. because in power, as you eliminate one threat, another one seems to be right in front of you, just like we saw with milan and ghost. and taking unique out impacts directly on dean. so we're going to be talking about how dean could be a potential threat to raquel going forward into season 2 of raising kanan. but of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscriber and if you don't see everything, power book 3, empower universe related. but let's break down this interview that 50 cent gave first. and i'm going to leave the link to this down below if you guys want to take a read yourselves. but he was asked about breeze, a young tommy and a young ghost. and he said, not before the end of this season, but there is a possibility to bring in a young ghost, young tommy and breeze. the breeze character was my partner before i went to jail. they killed him, they sent me to jail and took over the business. and those characters could possibly pop up in raising kanan. so that's what 50 cents said when he was asked about when breeze could be showing up in raising canaan. and i really didn't think that breeze would be introduced for a while anyway, not in season one, because it's way too soon. i still think d with his brother, could be breezed, but it's way too soon for him to be introduced, because kenyan has all these other mentors that we're seeing first. and he was talked about as a character that kanan was under and someone who also taught him the game and the way of the streets. so far, we've seen this from raquel marvin, mainly throughout season one. and i think we'll see lou and scrappy mentoring kanan as we go into season two as well, because we still need to find out about who kane and learn to play chess, from which i think could be lulu, and how to stick and move in the streets, just like scrappy. but when breeze is introduced and kanan is under breeze, it's safe to say that racquet won't be there, because why would kanan work on the breeze if rack is still in the picture? this is why, i think when breeze is ultimately introduced into the world, of raising canaan, racket will no longer be on the show. either she'll be killed off, or, as i've said before, there is a small plot hole there that they could explore, which was given to us in season 2, episode 2. this is where kanan said that he went to go see his moms just before he came to ghost apartment. this tells us that she's alive, maybe in a nursing home, possibly. or what he actually meant was he went to go visit her grave, because later on in the series, there was nobody alive around canaan's family to collect his ashes. but she could be in a nursing home or in prison as well, which is why she wasn't able to collect the ashes. who knows. so there definitely is a plot hole there for rak to be alive in the timeline of power. now my opinion is, i do think she will die at some point in raising kanan. but whether she goes to prison or does ultimately die, she would have to be completely out of the picture for then breeze to step in as someone who mentors kanan even further in the streets. and i still think this could very well be deal with his brother who could be introduced at some point. but let's wait and see, because i'm sure he's a character that will be introduced at some point in the future. but let's run through a brief history lesson of what we know about breeze from power so far. he was a character who he first heard of in the very first episode. after a successful opening night of truth for ghost. ghost was admiring what he achieved. he told tommy, from working on the corners for breeze and kanan, for two knuckleheads making it in the city ain't no small. and back then, kanan kept both ghost and tommy in line, as tommy told sean in episode 2 of season 1. but fast forward to season two, when kanan was released from prison. he was convincing ghost star roller wanted to take gold style because he wrote the blueprint, because of how he took griez out. now, in season 3, episode 8, we were actually introduced to breezy's apartment. but kanan told tariq, the human ghost used to work for breeze, and he was tough, he was strong, but he was never smart. he was someone who had the same routine every day. and ghost knew that brees would be here at 7pm to watch jeopardy. ghost came after school and broke in and waited for him to come home. and breeze didn't have time to get scared, because ghost put a bullet in the back of his head, just like kanan was going to do in this scene to tariq. and fast forwarding all the way to season six, episode 10, tarikas goes to tell him all the bad that he's done. ghost told tariq that he never wanted to kill breeze because he loved him. and he was tariq sage when he killed him, which was around 17 years old. he killed him because he got in the way of his future. he said he gave brees one more chance to change his mind, but he forced ghost hand. and who then told ghost the game was kanan. who taught kanan was breeze, and canaan's family as well, seen throughout season one. and kanan backed up what tommy said at the beginning of power in season five. kanan told ghost, you forget who taught you the game in the first place. and this is who ghost and tommy learned the game from, kanan and breeze as well. and just on a side note, was kanan really the bad guy? he was portrayed to be this villain, as someone who was introduced wanting revenge. but ghost and tasha were the ones who sent him to prison. and there are various other elements that have happened in raising canaan which makes me think kanan wasn't the bad guy after all. but this is something i'm going to dive deep on in a separate video. but coming back to breeze, he really will be an integral part when he is introduced into the world of raising kanan, because he was someone who had kanan working for him. and as i mentioned with raquel and how she would have to be out the picture, the same could be said about marvin and lou. where would marvin and lulu be at the point of breezy's introduction? because lou is someone who racquel wants to take over the business so she can sit back and collect the checks. now, marvin was never a great leader, as he just admitted in episode 9 himself with how rock was always better than he was. but who's to say he can't be a great leader in the future? he's gonna go through anger management next season with his therapist renee. and if he is able to keep his emotions in check, then he could become a leader again at some point. so i really wouldn't rule out marvin just yet. but that's the latest on 50 cent and what he said with regards to breeze, and how we're probably not going to be introduced to him anytime soon, but he definitely is an important part of caitlyn's journey, and so is ghost and tommy. so do you think this will happen at some point in the future? there were rumors that wood harris will be playing breeze, but really don't know how true this is, because breeze is only supposed to be a few years older than kanan himself, and wood harris has to be in his 50s by now. but moving on to the second part of the video, and how racket could have a new threat. and if he's not breezed, then who could this new threat be? if unique is taken off the streets by either being dead or in jail? one character who we were introduced to in episode three was dean. in the older kane's narration, he told us that dean was someone who had business all over the country but he kept his head down. and he was someone who doesn't make noise. he's silent, but violent. and every single person who the older kanan has given as a narration, an introduction to, they've been a character who has been someone of significance in raising kanan, for example, d whiz lou famous and everybody else. but dean is someone who we've only seen parts of so far, and we haven't seen this violent side to him just yet. and i say yeah, because the that racquel has planned with taking unique off the streets and effectively shutting his business down, this directly impacts dean, because unique promised to purchase his and raqqa's supply from dina 20 premium. and if unique is taken off the streets, then that leaves a hole in dean's pocket. and raqqa seems like she's found another connect thanks to the help of julia, which is joaquin. and although dean is someone who doesn't like to get into conflict, i'm sure he's someone that demands respect and someone who won't take too kindly to rock and messing with the business, as she's done before with smurf. and this would be the second time that she's hitting dean indirectly, first with the uniques reap, and now taking him out completely, if she has successfully taken him out, that is. so could we see this violent side to dean coming into season two? it is definitely something to think about. but that's a breakdown of the latest comments from 50 cent on breeze, ghost and tommy, and when we could see them, which won't be in episode 10, by the sounds of it. so let me know what you guys think about 50's latest comments on breeze and the threat of dean. if frackel is successful with a plan, could dean be a problem for raquel? drop all your comments down below on the latest 50 cent interview and dean as well. but of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscribe button if you want to see everything power book 3, empower universe related. but as always, thank you guys for watching, and i'll see you next time. 