hi. are you my partner? yeah, chad collins, where's the pisser at sylvie, brett, you almost ruined everything that i've worked for. hope take your drama back to fowlerton. everybody said she'll be back someday because chicago's too fast for her. i guess they were right. i'm gonna miss you lions of on attack, hell of a firefighter from this day forward. this memorial site is sacred ground. i know who i want. brother's spot. you mean late gallery? no, he's a daredevil. you and i are gonna go get brett back. she's not happy in fowlerton. a long time ago he had a fool of a young rookie on squad. made me a better firefighter. you can do the same for him. well, i'm the 51. i'm joe. what's your name? chloe? we got a clear shot out of here. chloe, oh, you're such an amazing guy. allerton's not my home anymore. 51 is. you need to come home. brett. let's go. hey, i don't know if you remember me. i had to bring these over to say, you know, thank you for saving my life. next week, for future fire service leaders, hosting an event i would be very grateful if you represented our district. the department is having a charity picnic. yes, i'd love to. what's up with him? he's been like this for a week. i'm gonna ask chloe to marry me. congratulations. i don't have any leadership experiences to share. you know who? i've never doubted, not once. you i'm having second thoughts about us. this makes no sense. i'm really sorry, joe. chloe, i know what you're gonna say. you wanna gallow on a short leash. i'm not sure he fully appreciates what the stakes are. i can't be with a firefighter. i can't handle wondering every day if i'm gonna see him at home or at the hospital. letting him go would be crazy. hi, joe. you pulled that kid out of a rolling house fire. he lost everyone. will you make me the happiest man on this earth? ryan, pace by the way, social services, isaac's gonna need some support settling into his new dicks. think you'd want to come with me to visit? yeah, yeah. i'd really like that. i had an investigator on the scene within an hour. he didn't clock anything suspicious. i'm telling you, something is off. but look at this pan with the rags. and then the rags are what really got the fire going. i'm lieutenant wendy seeger from ofi. they brought me on to help clear up a backlog of cases. i'd love you to come work with us, sir. right. i'm happy where i am. flames are rolling through both windows at still level. what do you do? i wouldn't send anyone in chief at that point. it's a recovery. it's not a rescue. the correct answer, you can't transfer me without my approval. you don't have that kind of authority. transferred income from us. came from commissioner grissom. you must have big plans for stella, kid. she's got real potential. public service isn't about doing what you want to do. kelly, right now, of i needs help. i just want to let you know i signed you up at the academy. oh, it's to be an instructor. you come directly from shift? yes, i did. you might want to alter your schedule. hold it for 60. you can't work every case like this. we'll never catch up, and you'll never go back to squad. it's an electrical fire. you clearly belong here at ofi. you want to take the shift off and get rest and do it. no, chief has given me all these amazing opportunities, and, um, i just don't want him to think i don't got the goods. get these. the way she was looking at you seeger is gonna get her ass kicked. what do you mean tell me these don't look exactly the same? i think one arson is set both fires. they both have the same contractor. jimmy conrad here also has an arrest record. we can celebrate when we nail this guy. little torches flares. iron central. this guy was turning walls into flash paper. drake delaney, engine captain of 20. captain leone station 20. violet is just the absolute worst. there will be a several block overlap my house. 20. a bunch of glory hugs, every one of them. about you trying to outdo half the guys without breaking a sweat. you're watching me. thanks for the assist. it's our specialty. we created this space so that women could relax. i was relaxed until you came in. got a letter on my door. landlord is raising the rent coming new year. uh, what can i say? i'm desperate. firefighting expos this week. nick porter on the slam again. rep, hey, nick. ouch. you'll talk to him, buddy. this is the, uh, third bedroom. it's a great place. why are you breaking your lease? it's just too much space for me. assistant deputy commissioner gorge grissom installed gorshire to harass bowdoin, try to get him to snap. i will retreat and wait for another opportunity. cancer is an epidemic. one in three firefighters will be diagnosed. these are new operational procedures that will keep us safe. i need to find a place to live. i knew i could never replace otis. i would have loved to have you there. this is gonna be awesome. we're just gonna stay right here. closing up on that couch. i don't want you to go somewhere else, to be home anymore. you move in. my birth mother is seeking contact. seems very intrusive. anyone can handle this kind of bomb dropped in her lap? it's you. you know what? i wanted to ask you something. yeah. i was thinking about my wedding and, uh, are you asking me to be your best man? would you the hell yes. the adoption intermediary you've been ignoring. just to name in an address. did you reach out to your birth mom? i picked up the phone a few times. i just think he's better speak in person. i'm looking for julie. there's nobody here by that name. girl could have died. you gave her a chance. i'm gonna keep checking in. i was just 16 when you were born. just know how much i want you in our lives in whatever way works for you. i'm not really feeling a very supportive vibe right now. what's she up to? captain leone, you do not want to be on her bad you side to mali's tonight? nope. going out with violet. i knew you met your match with her. matt casey, this is my birth mom, julie. julie, this is ben. he's terrific. how long have you two been dating? oh, um, no, it's not like that. what if i set up a program where i recruit young women to be junior firefighters? sounds good. put this baby on the way. i can't help but feel like she's just gonna disappear again. you're moving to chicago. don't worry, we won't invade your space or your life in any way that you don't want. i'm not worried, julie. i don't want to co-sponsor girls on fire without someone who's dependable. whatever you need. sign me up. stabbing attractions again. sounds like you're gonna have a baby. you'll call somebody all over the bachelor party so you can take that off your list. yeah. a woman like her comes around once in a lifetime. sounds like you should marry her then. you know, this best man thing. you know what you're doing. strong. i'm very sorry. she died on the table. sylvie, the baby's doing well. would you like to see her? he's gonna lose his arm if we don't do a fasciotomy. we're not trained for that. i am. who was the trauma surgeon who performed the fasciating out in the field? mr cauley, that's nice work i do. thank you. you may now kiss the bride. are you here for girls on fire? what's your name? kylie, i know how awesome this program can be. i brought a few friends. let's have some fun. i can't give that child what she deserves, scott. she deserves a father who loves her. she needs you looks like chlorine gas. chief, smells like it too. okay, we got the misty worker. we're coming out with him now. i want to go back to med school. wow, is that? you shouldn't be talking to me. you should be talking to brett. well, that's up at you. and violet, i told her that we should keep it casual, see other people, and she took it the wrong way. how is this little girl? amelia? it was julie's middle name. we are moving back to rockford. oh, and i want you in amelia's life, of course. you here for cap yeah. send him to get his eyes checked out. haven't heard from him since he left. refused treatment. you reapplied to med school? i i wanted to tell you, i started to, but first i just wanted to know if it was even a possibility. well, it sounds like it is a possibility, foster. what the hell are you doing? i said, i need to rest my eyes. they said, stay on your hospital supervision. looks like they got more than a fine. maybe we should be exclusive. maybe we should break up. maybe we should get married. you are out of your mind. my eyes are no good. i'm done being a firefighter. okay, you don't know that. how's he know i'm fine. that mistake was the best thing that ever happened to me. in the last three years, i have met and worked with some of the most amazing people. with their help, i've been able to transform myself into a responsible that i am ready to be a great student and an even better doctor. let it go, he said, they'll let me know. well, i know they'd be lucky to have you 