[Music], hi, welcome to my channel. at the start of the film, we see a man named virgil, who has a strange and damaged face. his skin was burnt. a man who worked in the refugee camp was in front of him. verger asks him about hannibal, because he was also kept in asylum. he says that, yes, he was there, and he didn't use to say word to anyone, except for a girl named clarice. he talked to her because he liked her. that girl was a detective. that man gives virgil hannibal's mask and says that it's a unique hannibal wore it. verger buys this costly mask. on the other side, we see clarice in her work. they catch a girl, but clarice sees a baby with her and stops. but her team member starts shooting her. seeing it, all other team members start shooting. clarice asks the woman to surrender so that they don't shoot her. but that woman doesn't agree and starts firing at them. clarice shoots her and she dies. then clarice goes to her and holds the kid up. she cleans the blood from him and weeps. she was sad because they killed his mother. the next day in the meeting, everyone was saying that therese is foolish. clarice says, i didn't give an order to fire at her. then a man comes there and says that virgil wants to meet you. virgil was hannibal's fourth victim, on whom hannibal did experiments. clarisse was wondering that why he is here to meet her, what does he wanna say? so that man asks her not to worry, as he wants to share something about hannibal. there was an officer who was staring at clarice badly. he asks her to interrogate hannibal's case again, we'll take care if someone calls you bad after it. therese goes away. she goes to virga's mansion. she meets virgil there. virgil was laying on a bed. clarice asks that how and who did this to your face? he claims that only hannibal could have done it. his attacks are so dangerous that no one can survive. but i did. verger tells her that my father was so rich, i used to scare and sexually abuse kids. i invited hannibal to my house one day he intoxicated me and gave me a piece of glass and asked if can peel off my face's skin. he says that i was intoxicated, i didn't feel anything, and peeled my skin off for him. but he made my dog eat my skin. my skin is like this since then. my face looks horrible, and everyone is afraid of me. clarice asks, do you have information about hannibal? verger says, yes, and why would i call you here if i hadn't? he shows her an x-ray of hannibal's hand. his hand was fractured. virgil gives her the report and says, you have to find out where hannibal is using this report. in fact, i want to take revenge on him. i called you here so that you find him, and i'll be able to seek my revenge. virgil liked therese, and he knew that she has access to hannibal. he had trust in her. clarice gets to know that hannibal later nurse, when the nurse tried to stop him, his hand was broken. the asylum worker was also there. clarice asks that, why didn't he say anything to you, as you were also there? that man says, our bonding was good. and he also says, he likes you. i also have his voice in the tape recorders. he gives these tape recorders to clarice, and she listens to them later. now the scene changes and we see a police inspector in a city. he had come to a library as the old librarian died, and he was there to investigate the case. he goes to the new librarian, who was dr hannibal. he was there with a fake identity. he asks hannibal to inform him if he gets any information about the old librarian. hannibal agrees. in fact, he was killed by hannibal, but the police officer didn't know this. later, clarice reads hannibal's letters that he is sorry, as everyone is blaming her, that she isn't working right. listen, i am placed in the top 10 criminals. clarice sent these letters to fingerprint masters to observe his fingerprints, but they can't. she goes to the perfume masters, who could identify any smell. one of those men tells her that he wrote this letter beside a perfume that is prepared from a whale's body. this is forbidden but some countries still sell it. he tells her all the names and gives her a list to contact all the shops that sell it. she asks for cctv footage. now the police officers of that area start copying the footage to send it to clarisse. then we see that the police officer who came to hannibal was in the police station. a detective was copying the cctv footage to send it. but when he sees hannibal in that footage, he understands that what they are gonna do. when he does research, he finds out that he is one of the top 10 criminals. whoever finds him will get a reward of 50 lakh dollars from virgil. that police officer calls the website and says that hannibal is in their city. they say that they need proof, as they are not free. he goes to the library to find his fingerprints, but nothing was there, as hannibal always wore gloves in the library. then that police officer makes another plan. he asks a man to steal hannibal's purse, but i'll let you wear a bangle first. he will try to hold your hand when you steal his purse. his fingerprints will be on this bangle. then that thief chases hannibal. he steals his purse. and hannibal holds his hand, and his fingerprints get printed on the bangle. but he kills the thief as well. the police officer takes the bangle and sends it to those people so that they get to know that these are hannibal's fingerprints. and he is right. they get happy that they got hannibal. and then they reward the police officer. virga's men come to meet that police officer. they say, you have done your work, so take your amount. but that police officer says that i want to join you in finding him. i want him to get arrested. the next day, the police officer goes to an event with his wife. hannibal was also there. at the end of the event, when he sees wife of the police officer, he wishes to eat her. because he was a cannibal. he ate human flesh. even his name is similar to cannibal. but the police officer feels the vibe and asks his wife to go away. clarice got that cctv footage there. when she watches it, he finds out that where he is. she also observes that a police officer searched about hannibal on their website multiple times. she understands that he has some information about cannibal, for sure. she calls him and asks if he is working for virgil, so that you can get money. you are doing wrong, because we trying to catch him for a long he is a dangerous criminal and we should catch him. but that police officer doesn't give her a damn. he goes to meet hannibal. but as he reaches there, his plan fails when hannibal catches him. meanwhile, clarice calls him, but hannibal receives it and says that i have his cell phone. am going to kill the police officer. and then he really kills him. hannibal's kills another man of verger and runs away. when virgil gets wind of it, he becomes aggressive. he knocks on an idea. he contacts the man who used to stare at clarice. he asks him to accuse therese so that my way gets clear. as hannibal loves therese, he wouldn't see her in misery. and he'll come there, then i'll catch him. the bad police officer does the same and says that she is a part of hannibal. she is fired. therefore, hannibal also comes there. he comes to her house, but clarice was sleeping back. then he asks her to come to a mall. i'll also be there if you can catch me. the next day, she goes to a mall where virga's men were also chasing her to find cannibal. clarice couldn't see hannibal, but virga's men do, they kidnap hannibal. and clarice was witnessing this. she tells the police. when they go to virga's house, they don't find him anywhere, as virgil kept him somewhere else. he tied cannibal there and says that you'll die in a harsh way. now, when clarice doesn't get any help, she plans to do something on her own. she remembers the number of his car, and she chases him. tracking the car, she reaches where those people were. she sees that virgo's men were about to throw a lot of pigs on hannibal. so they eat him. she shoots fergus men, and they fight back. and as a result, she falls down unconsciously. hannibal's picks her up by freeing his hand. and those wild pigs also come here. hannibal pretends dead. he stands still. wild pigs start eating other dead bodies. hannibal says to virgo's servant that they ruled over you and did bad to you for a lifetime, so throw him down. today as virgil was paralyzed, his servant throws him, wild pigs eat him too. hannibal takes clarice home and treats her. then he makes her sleep. meanwhile, he organizes the room as if he was preparing dinner for him. clarice gets up. she was intoxicated, and on her way down, she sees the police officer. she is terrified. but hannibal's cuts his head and cooks a portion of his brain, forcing him to eat it as well. he takes this to the kitchen and starts eating it. then we hear the noise of police cars coming there. clarice handcuffs his hand with hers so that he doesn't run. but hannibal asks her to take care of herself and runs away. the police have also come there. clarice was wondering that how did he leave? but she was happy that he loved her. he could run away after cutting her hand. but he cut his hand. in the last scene of the movie, we see hannibal going to another city. he was on a plane. when he opens his lunchbox, it has the brain of that police officer. he starts eating it. a kid sitting beside him demands to eat that brain. hannibal gives him a piece too. here the movie ends. thanks for watching. like the video and subscribe our channel. don't forget to hit the bell icon. okay, see you next time. 