[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2018 film solo, a Star Wars story. so let's get started. the film opens with young han solo and his love interest, Kira, escaping a local gang. they bribe an imperial officer with some stolen Co axiom, a powerful hyperspace fuel, to get off the planet, but Kira is captured. han fouls to return for her and joins the Imperial Navy. when asked what his last name is, he responds that he has no family, so he is given the last name of solo. three years later, solo encounters a group of criminals posing as Imperial soldiers, led by Tobias beckon. Han tries to join them, but ends up getting arrested for desertion and thrown into a pit to be fed to a Wookiee named Chewbacca. han, who can understand Chewbacca, works with the Wookiee to escape. Beckett rescues the pair, wanting to use them to help steal a shipment of Ko axiom. the heist is interrupted by a group of pirates called the cloud riders, led by an fost nest, which causes two members of Beckett's crew to die, including his wife, and the co axiom is destroyed. Beckett reveals he was ordered to steal the shipment for dried and Voss, a member of the crimson dawn syndicate, and they still owe on that debt. the gang travels to Voss's ship, where han finds Kira, who now is Voss's right-hand woman. han suggests they steal the unrefined Co axiom from the mines on Kessel. Kira joins the gang and leads them to Lando Calrissian, a smuggler who she hopes will lend them his ship, the Millennium Falcon. han challenges Lando to a game, and the winner takes land of ship. Lando cheats and wins, but agrees to join in the mission in exchange for some of the profits at the mines. Lando's droid copilot, l3, starts a revolt from all the droids that work in the mine. Chewbacca is able to free a group of wookies that are forced to work in the mines. they are able to steal the Co axiom, but Lando is wounded and l3 is fatally damaged. l3 is wired into the ship and Han is able to navigate through the Kessel run in 12 parsecs to avoid the Imperial blockade. the Falcon arrives at the planet Sara Veen to process the unrefined coaxial and fists in. the cloud riders arrived in Lando. flees in the Falcon, and Fizz explains that she and her crew are not pirates, but rebels fighting against the Empire. han tries to trick Foss in order to help the rebels, but Voss reveals that Beckett told him everything. a Voss sends his guards to kill the cloud riders, but the guards are defeated, and Voss is defenseless. han tries to take the KO axiom, but Beckett betrays Voss and takes the KO axiom with Chewbacca as a hostage. Kyra kills Voss and then sends Han after Becca. instead of joining Han, Kyra takes the opportunity to contact the leader of the crimson dawn, Darth Maul, and take Voss's position. she blames the failure on Beckett and does not mention han in order to protect him. maul says that he wants to meet with Kira. han confronts Beckett and shoots him first. Kira leaves with Voss's ship, and Han turns the KO axiom over to the rebels, who offer to have Han joined them, which he declines. han and chewbacca locate Lando and challenge him to a rematch, again, wagering the Falcon. han wins, this time, also by cheating. and han and chewie both leave for tatoo II to begin working for Jabba the Hutt as the film ends. so that was the spoilers for solo. if you have another film you'd like to see a spoil please let us know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 