[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a science, fantasy horror film, victor frankenstein. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. at a circus in london, an ugly, nameless hunchback works as a joker for a living. he is constantly bullied by other circus folks for his hideous appearance. despite his ugly looks, he also has his own hormone idol, the aerialist, lorelei. he admires her for long and dreams to assist her someday. he even learns human anatomy by himself, from the stolen books, intending to offer his help to lorelei, who often suffers injuries from dangerous actions. one day, lorelei falls during the performance and hits on the ground with a bad injury. the hunchback rushes to her and examines her. a medical student, victor also rushes to help. after examination, the hunchback believes that the fall causes a clavicle fracture, which pressures lungs and makes it hard for her to breathe. there is nowhere to find any proper medical equipment. during that urgent moment, the hunchback borrows victor's pocket watch and presses it against lorelie's collarbone. then hunchback pushes the broken bone back to the right position, and lorelei gets her breath back. victor is amazed by the hunchback skill and medical knowledge, and tries to persuade him to leave the circus and study more about medicine. however, the hunchback is too afraid to leave the circus, and his master just locks him up because of that. later at night, after stealing some dead animals body parts, victor freeze the hunchback from a locked cage and manages to escape the enraged circus master and his men. after taking him back home, victor drains the disgusting cyst on the hunchback's back that causes his physical abnormality and gives him a harness to improve his posture. the hunchback looks just like a normal person now. then victor names the hunchback igor. after cleaning himself and a haircut, igor has transformed into a handsome young man. later that night, victor explains that he notices igor's talent in medical science. he shows igor a tank that contains a pair of pale eyes soaked in some liquid. much to his surprise, the eyes can even respond to match light after being electrified. igor becomes so interested and points out victor's mistakes. victor is thrilled to hear igor's advice and invites igor to be his assistant immediately. while igor finds meaning in his life and therefore accepts victor's invitation. in the coming days, igor helps victor to test on the animal organs, trying to revive the organ by electric shock. they become very close partners and friends. one day, victor takes igor to a dance party. the party, igor encounters lorelei, who is masquerading as a mistress of a gay baron floraly. recognizes igor straightway and expresses her great shock at his handsome looking she also thanks him for rescuing her. victor joins the two and talks about his ongoing wicked experiments to resurrect life through artificial means. after the party finishes, victor takes igor to a basement to watch their research achievement, a monstrous chimpanzee-like creature made by the restored dead animals, organs. once victor turns on the electricity, the current goes through the creature's body. surprisingly, the creature breathes seconds later. the two are excited about their huge success. victor invites igor as his partner to attend his academic report to his university. in a big hall, an arrogant, wealthy oily hair classmate of victor and a few other students and lorelei, invited by igor, are waiting to see victor's demonstration. the oily hair urges them to start their experiment impatiently, the creature is not alive. after igor turns on the electricity, however, flies from the dead creature's body fly out of it. students storm out. after the gross and horrible scene, the oily hair mocks victor's ridiculous failure, while victor tries hard to activate the creature with stronger electric stimulation. after a few tries, the creature becomes alive and stands up. soon it turns crazy and escapes from the hall. igor chases after the creature, but gets attacked. victor rushes to help and realizes that though the creature is alive, it has no consciousness to guide its behaviors. with deep regrets, victor kills the creature he created. surprisingly, after that, the oily hair shows her great interest in victor's research and promises to fund them to restart from scratch, as long as he can get hold of the technology. when victor successfully brings something dead back to life, the financial support raises victor's ambition. he claims that he will create a humanoid creature with a soul. on account of the danger and further research and victor's uncontrollable desire. igor tries to convince victor to stop this inhuman experiment, but to no avail. the mysterious creature attack case raises a detective suspicion. he relates the incident with what happened in the circus where the claw of a lion was found. he then assures that victor is responsible for the missing lion claws in the circus and some other dead animals in other areas. he believes that bringing corpses back to life is a huge, unbearable profanity to god. so later he finds victor and gives warnings with no shreds of solid evidence. but victor doesn't give a [ __ ] about what the detective said. lorelei meets igor and tells him her opinions about their research that curing a dying person is completely different from creating something that never belongs to the living world. she hopes igor and victor can stop before things go seriously wrong. but igor worships victor as a savior who reforms him and inspires his talent. back to victor's home, he who are improved some flaws in victor's plan, they agree on using lightning power to keep their creation alive. the next morning, igor finds the detective is trying to break into victor's home with many other policemen. igor sneaks in from the back door and warns victor to run away. immediately, upon hearing the detective shouting outside, victor informs igor to open the drain for them to escape. in the chaos, igor is horrified to discover a massive ice block that contains a dead body. just when he challenges victor in anger for an explanation about that, the detective makes his way into the house and points his gun at victor. victor fights with the detective and breaks the detective's hand. in running gear, igor picks up victor's pocket watch that is dropped on the floor during the fighting, and escapes away from the drain. moments later, they come to the oily hairs house for help. the oily hair says they can continue their research in a countryside castle owned by him. however, after all the troubles caused by their research, igor feels exhausted and confesses that he doesn't want to continue the resurrection experiments anymore. victor decides to keep researching on his own. the oily hair overhears the two's argument and decides to kill the useless igor, so as to keep the research secret. shortly after, igor is tied up and thrown into a river. thanks for the tricks he learned from the circus, igor escapes and stays a lorealized place to recover. he notices a name inside the pocket watch, which recalls him of a tragedy victor told him. victor's brother, the former owner of the pocket watch, is killed in a snowstorm. for saving victor. igor suddenly realizes the reason for victor's obsession with the resurrection, his research purpose is nothing else but bringing his dead brother back. he also knows that the oily hair will kill victor as soon as he could get victor's research result. therefore, igor is determined to save victor, while lorelai wants to go help him. meanwhile, victor is busy preparing his equipment for his final experiment. while igor and laurel are rushed to the castle. lorelei distracts some guards not far from the castle and discovers the detective in the woods. igor runs into the woods when the guards are not paying attention, and finds the busy victor on the top of the castle. victor is happy to see igor back, that won't listen to igor's warnings and suggestions to stop the research. in huge regrets for his dead brother, who was frozen to death, he cares no more, but only to resurrect his brother. as the storm is coming, victor rushes back to his experiment and gives the order to pull the icy dead body up in the air, waiting for god's power. soon after, when the lightning hits the balloon floating up in the sky, a huge amount of electric current runs down the conduct and goes through the body. all people below are watching anxiously for the miracle. and suddenly they are excited to see the dead body begin to breathe. however, soon after, overload occurs to all the machinery resulting in a powerful explosion and causing the carriage cable to snap. suddenly, the oily hair and his servant fall from the top of the castle to their death. right then the detective arrives and blames victor for his insanity. while everyone is arguing, a horrible human-like monster walks out of the dense smoke. however, in no fear, victor ignores the detective's warnings and stands in front of the monster with excitement, for he sees the monster as his resurrected brother. he touches it, hoping to wake it up to its consciousness. however, the monster gives no response. the detective shoots at the monster to protect victor. with two hearts and four lungs, the monster won't get hurt much. but it is turned into a rage and throws victor aside. the shock. detective opens fire again, but gets killed due to its fatal blow. victor realizes that he fails his resurrection dream, but creates a ruthless monster with no human soul. returning to his senses, victor joins forces with igor to kill the monster. after a fierce fight, igor stabs its one heart, but to no avail. later, victor seizes the chance to give a fatal shot to its second heart, killing it at last. the next morning, igor reunites with lorelei. she hands igor a letter from victor, who has already set foot for his next discovery. in the letter, victor recognizes igor as his greatest creation. he apologizes for all the sufferings he caused to him and wishes a happy, hormone life for igor and lorelai. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 