welcome back to an honest movie recap and review. today we look at netflix originals monster action adventure, set seven years after the great monster apocalypse, we take a deep dive into loving monsters. the movie starts with our protagonist, joel, played by dylan o'brien, as he's narrating how the world as we know it came to an end seven years ago when the planet destroyed an asteroid heading towards earth. but the nuclear fallout caused countless creatures to mutate, causing mankind to nearly become extinct, with 95 of the world population disappearing in less than a year. we joined y'all in a bunker, which he shares with a dozen other survivors. unfortunately for joel, everyone else has found love, apart from himself and a cow called gertie. the bunker shortly comes under attack. it's here as the inhabitants are picked off one at a time, we find out that joel, however much he wants to help, becomes immobilized with fear and under pressure. he survives a close encounter when another survivor takes out the creature just before joel is eaten, deciding that he doesn't want to die alone. he decides to leave the relative safety of the bunker and head above ground to travel the seven days it will take to reach the location in which his ex-girlfriend, amy resides. this is decided after a flashback that shows the start of the apocalypse, and after they lose radio communication with amy's bunker. as joel leaves, it shows just how much he is loved by the others in his colony. but nonetheless, joel decides he has no other choice and heads above ground to start on his journey. as his adventure begins, joel gets lost. immediately we see signs of a destroyed world overrun by monsters. it's here, while searching an abandoned home, joel meets boy, his beloved new companion. after nearly been eaten by a giant frog, thanks to boy, joel survives, and we learned that boy's previous owner hadn't returned for a very long time. in the morning, joel continues his quest, boy joining him along the way, after not wanting to be left behind and alone. before long, what seems like a simple journey shows just how dangerous it can be dodgy monsters as they get closer to their goal. it's here joel finds himself trapped in a pit, about to be devoured by giant creatures. but at the last minute, he's rescued by the walking dead's merle and his surrogate daughter. together they continue on their way. clyde and minnow, as they are called, teach joel what it takes to actually survive above ground, all the while growing a strong family-like relationship. teaching you all what to do and not to do gives joe all he will need to try and survive on his own. it's here he found out there's some good monsters out there as well, and you can tell through their eyes. before long, they find themselves heading their separate ways, clyde and minnow heading to the mountains, and joel continues towards the sea and amy's colony. but before they go their separate ways, they make sure joel will know how and where to find them. as boy and joel continue, we come to see joel grow as a character and as an unlikely hero. a journey through a swamp continues, but something isn't right, and boy finds himself scared. it's here they are attacked by a giant centipede. joel faced his fears while having a flashback of how his parents were killed. but not giving up, joel saves his beloved boy. as their friendship is cemented during a rainstorm, they find refuge in an abandoned building. inside is a robot by the name of mavis. mavis has less than an hour of battery time before she will power down for good. joel uses mavis power to contact amy. it's here she tells him that a party from another colony has arrived and they are about to be rescued. after some heartfelt moments, joel takes mavis outside to see the world one last time. it's here, surrounded by beautiful and harmless sky, jellies, maybe his powers down one last time as joel looks on, heartbroken. as dawn breaks, they bury mavis. as they continue on the last nine miles, danger ever present. passing a massive sinkhole, they encounter their toughest foe yet, only surviving after blowing it up with a grenade cliff presented them with, before going their separate ways. after swimming across the river to catch up with boy and removing countless leeches from his body, joel starts to hallucinate from the blood loss and poison. but just before he passes out, he finds amy waking up inside amy's colony. it's here he found out it wasn't amy he kissed, but actually old pete. while he was hallucinating, we also found out amy has lost someone she loved and isn't ready for a new relationship, and that the colonies, in the process, have been rescued by three strangers and their yachts. joel and amy have a heart-to-heart in which joel realizes that his family are back at his old bunker, and he needs to get back to them as soon as possible, as they themselves are in danger after their bunker keeps getting breached before setting sail. a leaving party is thrown that evening by the rescuers. but during the party, joel realizes that these saviors aren't actually the good guys, and are trying to get everyone drunk and also try to poison joel in an attempt to kill him. joel is then subdued. when he wakes up in the morning, the full colony has been handcuffed as the party from the yacht pillage anything and everything of value. this is how they actually survive. they then destroy the radio tower and decide to feed their captives to their yacht's power source, a giant crab, who they electrocute to have it do their evil bidding before they're eaten, joel and amy break free. amy goes to face the three bad guys, while joel is left to face down the killer crab. through pure looking heart, amy and joel are able to subdue two of the bad guys. but just as joel is about to be eaten by the killer crab, he looks deep into his eyes and realizes it isn't evil, but in pain and his suffering. so instead of killing it, he frees it. in gratitude, it leaves them be and kills the crew of the yacht, pulling them into a watery grave. it's here joel and amy have a moment as joel decides to leave and head back to his colony, vowing to come back and make it work. joel swiftly makes it back home to his family, and they decide that it's time to start living again above ground. joel sends out a message to all the colonies of how to survive. they all head above ground and head to the mountains to join clyde and minnow, a happy ending, and leaving off in a great position for a sequel, though it's already pretty great as a standalone movie. lover monsters, it's fun, sweet, action-packed, and it will keep you entertained from the start till the credits roll. the acting is on point, the story is top notch, and we have a winning movie that most of the family will enjoy. so if you enjoyed our recap, don't forget to hit that like button. it really helps us grow. and until next time, stay safe, take care, don't let those monsters eat you. and i'll see you all in the next one. 