[Music] perfume 2006 explained, the film's story starts in the prison, where a chained prisoner is shown. the coming soldiers open the prisoner and they take the prisoner to the balcony. while dragging here, all the citizens are seen screaming and calling him a murderer and a bloody beast. jayla asks a guard to announce his punishment in front of the crowd. god announces that court has declared his punishment of hanging after two days. but before hanging, the executioner will break his hands and feet. and all people are thrilled with excitement hearing it at last. who is that killer? let's see. now the story reverses a few years ago, where we see a view of paris fish market, which was the most stinking place of the city. people used to earn their bread and butter selling fish and meat. here we see a fish seller lady who breeds a dead child. and this lady had also bred four dead children before, and she kicks them into the stream with the rotten fish. but she gave birth a live child now, but thinking him dead, she also throws him into a stream. now the child weeps due to the odious smell of rotten fish standing people there catch the sight of this child and curse his mother. this child is the same prisoner who was announced punishment. his name was jean. he possessed two qualities. firstly, he has such nose, having a perfect sense of smell. and secondly, if someone leaves him, that person was dead somehow. as his mother, who had thrown him after his birth, is sentenced to death. and jean is sent to orphanage of madame gullout, who used to foster the children only for the sake of money. but the children in orphanage feel insecurity, taking their importance, so they try to kill gene. but gull out saves him, coming there and beats those children. facing difficulties in orphanage, gene is unable to utter a word for five years. but using his sense of smell, he knows about everything. due to the short capacity in orphanage, gullout sells him to the collector of animals skins at his 13 years old. as jean leaves from there, some thieves kill gull out, stealing all her money. the buyer of gene takes hard work from gene, and he also takes him to the city where coming out from oda, jean, first time takes the taste of the wonderful world and sense leaving luggage. jean is attracted to a perfume shop. seeing it, he looks at a shopkeeper holding a very famous perfume. and at the same time, he smells another scent coming from a fruit seller girl. he is enchanted to her. that girl offers him fruit, taking him hungry. but gene catches the hand of her on it, she leaves the place feeling fear. but jean finds her. using his sense of smell, he sits at the backside of her. the girl suspects of someone's presence at her back sid and she shouts in fear. but jean presses her mouth to avoid the people attention, so the people may not gather there. as the people leave, jean removes the from the mouth of girl, putting her dead. and her scent is gone, gradually leaving jean astonished. where will the scent dissolve? now let's talk of another character, who was the great perfumer of the city of paris. and his job had gone down with the arrival of of new perfumers in the city. he used to imitate the other perfumers. at the same evening, jean visits his shop for the delivery of the goatskin. and he looks at the variety of perfumes there, sensing the smell of baldini's body, jean says that he can made such perfume for him. and baldini makes fun of him. gene tells him about the power of his ability. baldini gives him a chance making perfumes. gene gives them to baldini, who senses the smell of amer in them. this perfume was the most famous. so baldini is left astonished seeing it. jean ensures him that he can also make best ever perfumes, sensing its smell. baldini misses his beloved. he has got much talent. now, baldini buys gene from grimmel. at the same night, drunkard grimmell is dead, falling into a stream. baldini and his perfumes get popularity in the whole paris because of gene. and he teaches gene about his own methods of making perfumes. he tells jean, every perfume has three sets in which each consists four cents. it means total sensor 12, which can be differentiated by human beings easily. otherwise, no existed man in this world can match this perfume. if someone makes 13th perfume, jean becomes emotional about it, thinking he will be able to make it. and he asks baldini to teach its process, promising to give its best method throughout the world. baldini tells the process of adding 10 000 flowers into the bottle according to his designed machine, which he had learnt it before coming in paris. one day, baldini finds gene weeping. as baldini asks the reason. gene calls him a liar, saying that his told method is unsuccessful and old i could not capture the iron and glass into a bottle. after baldini's incident, jean loses his conscious now baldini is got worried, thinking about the loss of fame. as gene falls ill, jean asks the other processes from baldini. and he tells him to extract perfume from the fat of animals skin. valdini orders him to go to grass. he takes 1 000 formulas in return. gene learns the work, going to grass, as baldini sends him from there. as jean leaves, baldini's house is dashed out into dust, putting him into death. going to grass, jean first time realizes the sense of freedom. he was the slave of no one and could take his own decisions. now there are two ways which lead to grass. one leads through village, while other is through mountain. now he begins to go through mountains. on the way, he observes a cave where he stays for rest. he sleeps peacefully, spending many days there. and once he dreams of that fruit seller girl. awaking in confusion, gene begins to smell his body, but does not feel his own body smell. while showering in rain outside, he realizes that he has not his own smell. next morning, he leads to grass. he senses the same fruit seller girl's perfume. he sees a prettiest girl getting off the carriage. seeing he pursues her and comes to grass, following this girl. he enters a palace which owns to a richest person. riches. and the beautiful girl, laura, is his daughter, who was the most beautiful girl in grass. jean works here under a lady whose husband keeps a strict eye on jean, living in their company. jean learns the two ways to extract perfume from animals fat. he applies first method over his female co-worker. he boils the girl's dead body in a tank with animals fat. but he cannot achieve success. in second process, he takes a street walker in which he uses animals fat glossing on a cloth, killing her. jean shaves her head, and glossing her dead body, he wraps it into a cloth. and he becomes successful while extracting perfume from that cloth, according to told method of baldini, which he applies on streetwalker's pet dog for checking. then he makes a set of 13 bottles. told by baldini, it means the murder of a person for each bottle. at laura's birthday party, all girls and boys play their hide and seek finding chants. jean also arrives there and attacks laura, but she is survived. and twin girls in the party are disappeared. now we know that jean makes first two bottles of set, killing these two girls. and both girls dead bodies are seen floating in the water, which is under the bridge of city. after it, the chain of girls murders begin in the whole city. and frightened people start to lock their outside doors of houses in order to save the daughters. but gene prepares the 12 sets of bottle and mix all into a big bottle. now he needs one more bottle to make perfect perfume. it means the murder of laura. observing, riches says that all victim girls were young with no mark of seduction on their body. this murderer has killed them for a reason. all people visit in the church for help, and church's father agrees to help. coming there, a man informs about being caught of that murderer. all people are filled with joy hearing it. riches does not believe on this news. worrying about his daughter, he decides to leave grass or escapes with his daughter. next day, jean senses the smell of going laura from city. following her, he finds her with his ability. on the other side, streetwalkers dog detects the hair and clothe of its owner. lady. in jean's room, which is known by drut who was the co-worker with jean, investigations of police discover the clothes and hair of other girls. richard stays the whole night in a hotel with his daughter laura, and keeps the keys of her daughter's room in his own room. jean steals the key from his room, going to laura's room. next day, coming in laura's room, richard sweeps bitterly, finding laura's dead body. now jean makes the 13th bottle, mixing it into his final bottle and becomes successful. now jean is arrested by police. story again begins where the punishment is being announced. after two days, people come to see the end of jean remotely, as they bring him out from the prison. finding chance, gene opens the lid bottle. as the people stand for the weight of gene, he moves to the executioner, coming out from the carriage as a prince. executioner kneels down and calls gene blameless while weeping. now gene also sprinkles perfume on a handkerchief, and all people feel the taste of heaven as he waves it in the air. and all call him an angel. gene takes himself the savior of mankind. and he throws his handkerchief among the people, and within a time, all people starts making love without any discrimination of younger, elder, poor, rich, black, white, etc. observing this, gene feels the true love. he misses that fruit seller girl. he thinks that, loving her as such, he could make her own. thinking it, he is saddened and starts weeping. suddenly, riches reaches there, holding a sword in his hand, to murder gene. but the magic of perfume also makes him uncontrollable. bending down at his feet, he asks forgiveness. jean realizes his mistake. he departs the city. later, the effect of perfume is disappeared among the citizens. now, gene moves to his birthplace, fish market. ringing out the perfume bottle from his pocket, he pours over him. noticing this, all sitting people there are inclined on him. due to the effect of perfume, tearing him in this way, jean's life is ended. the end. thanks for watching. like comment and subscribe. don't forget to hit the bell icon. 