[Music]. welcome to the breakdown, when we break down all the messed up [ __ ]. now, today we learned again that women are badass with the return of remake Jennifer Hills, and I Spit on Your Grave 3. this movie details Jennifer Hills attempts to cope with the events of the first movie, those events being the rape and the revenge murder she committed. yeah, I'll be honest, I should have did this a while ago, but I didn't want to end this series too quickly. tell Jennifer Hills is damn near the mascot of the channel other than go on. so you got to understand, firstly, though, I got a pull for all the real ones subscribe to me. I gotta ask y'all a question, and the poll should come up right now. there is. I'd appreciate it you could choose an answer. ANSWER, Answer regardless. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown. the movie starts off with a typical, usual flashback of character has in a sequel. Jennifer wakes up from it and is actually in front of a therapist, saying that, you know, Jennifer, maybe we should do some more group therapy with people who have shared a similar experience. Jennifer seems to have lots and lots of daymares about that terrible despair field day. but it's also coming clear that Jennifer is definitely feeling distant and untrusting of men, especially when she can just feel them looking at her pancake booty. at work, this brother named Matthew seems very interested in her, but Jennifer just tells them all with a weird-shaped head. he calls her Angie, meaning that angela is a name that she is currently known as, but we would just call her a good old Jennifer. and along with a new name is a new occupation other than being an aspiring writer. the next morning, Jenny, Jen Jen is doing a little jogging, which also reminds her of the past. but suddenly Jennifer gets surprised and grabbed up by these group of lame-ass thugs. damn look. look. well, she tries to leave, but they grab her again. but Jennifer said, I came with the 38 and I'm leaving with a body blowing his damn head off. fiction thing I guess she is a little homicidal thought there. but surprisingly, though, they let her go, and she runs off, sprinting. hella hard. damn. she musta ran all the way back to the therapist, because she talks about saying, I'm having fantasies, fantasies of dishing out justice. she believes everybody is either a predator or prey, and that basically every guy is an [ __ ]. every guy except me. even later, she gets offered a ride by the head brother, Matthew, but she just tells him off again, which causes him to leave. and anger, this is what she notices, a rape survivor support group poster on the wall, ER or Pole, I don't know. I forgot. anyway, she goes to it, sitting next to the many people who have been also taken advantage of. but she refuses to share our experience right away. during a coffee break, this man here named Oscar talks awkwardly and leaves awkwardly - this woman here named Marla tells Jeff or that Oscar is here because his daughter killed herself after her rapist got free. Marla isn't here to just tell the story, because now her and Jennifer are pretty much good friends. after the group thing, Jennifer goes home like it's grabbed up again by those lame-ass thugs. right before something potentially messed up happens, Marla comes out of nowhere and saves the day by emasculating the lead goon. Marla is pretty funny, and her saving and diffusing that situation pretty much guaranteed they renewed BFFs, who also shared very similar ideals about men in general. later, at a notice of poor guru, meeting this young teenager named, don't know, don't care. her name is gonna be pumpkin. turns out pumpkin is being raped herself by her stepdaughter instead what stepfather? but the mother either ignores it or thinks she is lying. Marla and Jennifer later talked about at the bar, also talking about how more women today are really being treated like slaves and relationships. this old geezer says, some women like getting treated like that, prompting the two drunk girls to follow the old man down the neighborhood. right before he goes in his place, they pants him, surprised that you have so much that he pisses himself. tough look. anyway, the next morning shows Jennifer and Marla hit the hardware store, looking at all kinds of tools that would be perfect for I Spit on Your Grave activities. when the two friends play around, an employee passes by, sliding his hand across Jennifer's booty, reminding her of grave day. and response, he destroys this dude. really. she just hurt his toe. then they run out of there. after that, we see them scoping out pumpkins home, singing the rapist stepdad and oblivious mother. I gotta admit, this looks pretty cool to see them obviously about to become vigilantes. they follow the step dad down to some parking lot and beat dude over the head. Marlowe pushed the fear of God into the step bag, and Jennifer has to stop her from Maine too brutal twice. the to run out of there excited after a successful vigilante mission and another meeting pumpkin, talks about how the stepdad changed his ways. but after Marla tell is Jennifer that she has some very serious business to take care of involving her ex-boyfriend, Jennifer is confused, but regardless that vigilante act helped relieve some tension for Jennifer. she even apologizes for being mean to Matthew like those earlier times. well, sadly, there is a problem. Jennifer waits for Marla at the usual bar spot, but she never shows up. she goes to the group place to look for her, but instead finds everybody crying their eyes out. the group woman tells her that Marla is dead. everything about Marla's death seems fishy too, but we are all sure she was murdered. the mystery behind Marla's death makes Jennifer mad, so mad that she beats the spirit out of the group woman, with everybody behind there cheering her on. okay, we need you back on planet Earth. Jennifer calm down. then a detective comes in too, as if they know where Marla could have gone. Jennifer is the one who decides to help, but also uses the encounter with the detective to do her own investigation as well. one thing for sure is that Marla's ex-boyfriend is definitely the main suspect. later, while walking home, obviously bothered, those thugs stopped her again. this is when Jennifer gets on her jet. Lee Super Saiyan [ __ ] and completely emasculates each and every one of those lame-ass thugs. of course, this is just imagination, but I'm sure these violent thoughts are gonna leak out pretty soon. at work, Jennifer finds out that Marla's ex-boyfriend has been released from custody due to a lack of evidence. so she rose up to the police station to give that detective a piece of her mind. detective ain't doing [ __ ] but blaming the system. but this is Jennifer, so mad that she goes home and [ __ ] up all the good ass plates and eventually throwing a big-ass knife into the wall. she grabs that knife and throws it right back. in other words, Jennifer Hills is ready to spit on some grapes. Jennifer gears up for some vigilante [ __ ], and we see she ends up at some Club all dressed up. she's ready to show Marla's ex-boyfriend the error of his ways, letting him get a real good look at her. but I would have noticed her too, cuz she looking damn fine right now. anyway, she leaves, oh where she has him following her, and he calls out to her in a dark Gotham City ass alleyway. she is calling and telling him she ain't interested. but he thinks just because a girl look at him that she wants it. what your pathetic little excuse for a [ __ ]. I thought that was your clitoris settle. you got [ __ ]. I love this woman. she's tough. but he pins her down and forces her on her knees, which reminds her of the rape. with a plan in mind, she actually does put his [ __ ] in their mouth. but she gets a knife and slices right through that [ __ ]. she bites his stuff off, and then literally rips his [ __ ] in a half, stabbing him more than spitting the head right back at him. I can't show you none of that because you two trying to kill me. but if you check out this eye right here, you see it there, right there, you gonna check it out for yourself. she didn't beats his ass with a crowbar, beating him to death with it. after committing such a brutal murder, it seems, she becomes a suspect. when the detective comes to her job, he seems more interested in this murder than he was from Marla's wishes Jennifer's point. but he leaves to go back with probably suspicions. back at the group meet, pumpkin is all sad again because looks like her stepdad started assaulting her again. I guess hearing the girls situation alone is increasing Jennifer's power level. and it gets a boost from Oscar who lashed out in anger, saying the stepdad should be hurt bad, like, specifically, he should be anally violated with a metal pipe. Jennifer goes to the hardware store to get some gear like a metal pipe, and dresses up in this innocent schoolgirl uniform. she surprises the stepdad at his job, pretending to be all innocent and lost. he ups to get to some address she is looking for, which is really some warehouse she prepared. he goes in with her to keep her safe. but this is when she does her little seducing thing. let's matter. you don't like me, daddy, I'm only letting y'all hear that cuz y'all need to chill what calling me daddy and [ __ ] y'all weird with it. anyway, this do ain't got no idea what he's in stake for. and she electric use his balls with the funniest face. she ties his ass up and makes fun of the child molester. she has capital right out there, knocking his lights out. she bends him over in the chair, put some kind of lubricant on the pipe and sticks it right in, lots and lots of nasty sounds you don't need to hear, but it's it's barely in there yet. to put it all the way in, she gets a sledgehammer and hits it in even further. the next hit probably killed him right away. after that gruesome death, she burns all the evidence. but just in case you're wondering, yes, she's basically lowering the number of suspects to the support group. at the next therapists meeting, the therapist talks as if she knows about the murders, but I'm sure the murder she is talking about are the ones from the first movie. I guess she did not get the worst of legal trouble after that. and another group meet, a whole bunch of detectives come in, asked about the murder of the stepdad. they single out Oscar because he is the one who made the threats of metal pipe anal violation. they take him downtown and ask him some questions. Jennifer later waits for him outside the station to talk. they situate, and she finds out the whole story about his daughter and her rapist that got off free, who is some sleazy gym owner. y'all know she's only asking because he's her next target. well, here is that gym owner who is being followed by a sexy spy. honestly, she stands out more in that, but eventually she tries to catch my guy lacking in an alleyway. turns out, though, he knew all along he was being followed. and Jennifer is put at a terrible disadvantage, getting super slapped and choked on the ground. even after stabbing him in the neck, she still gets beat all around that damn alleyway. Jennifer, you took a fat ass ill but it also seems she's about to experience that nightmare over again. luckily, though the detective was following her, the rapist thinks it was some kind of sting operation. but he chooses to die by cop then get behind a cell again. Jennifer was probably out of her league to deal with him by sneaking up on him. well, she has helped her about the detective. and it's asked questions back at the station by the boss lady here. Jennifer gaze a dub since she knows how to crack the cover story. but boss lady notices a necklace Jennifer head. turns out it's like some locket with a picture of the daughter of the cop from the first movie. I was wondering what happened to her, but looks like Jennifer has it to keep some innocence with her. the boss lady knows the whole story of what happened with those rapists. and Thea Rises that Angela here is Jennifer Hills. remember everybody else called her Angela? she's a pretty good investigator, and tells Jennifer that we caught yo ass. Jennifer don't really care though, and just sit there smiling. after they take her out for a phone call, though, suddenly, Oscar comes in, delusional and wounded, bleeding everywhere, saying he killed everybody. I don't know what the hell Oscar is on. it's not really explained, but I guess he had a very disturbing breakdown. no pun intended. after dying on that floor, Jennifer seems to be out on bail. she curses at the detective, saying cops are about just as bad as the rapist since they are incompetent and don't help her care for the victim. well, cops are gonna have to keep an eye on her though and watch her go home. she goes in and has an the tantrum. but you know, when she has a tantrum, she gets an idea. she sneaks out, wearing this red dress, which, I don't know she is fitting that [ __ ] out nicely or what. but she walks through LA with his creepy ass. awkward camera, I guess this is just a show. she's pretty mentally disturbed. then we see Matthew about to go home, but he's surprised by Jennifer. of course, she is gonna get out to help, but Jennifer instead scares the [ __ ] out of him by assuming he wants to [ __ ] her, and uses a blade that scare his ass away. she then walks to this random park around her home, where she gets surprised by that thug. she assumes he wants to rape her too, but he definitely ain't no rapist. at this point though, she just seduces him, but gets up to stab him, only to get knocked back to 1978. goddamn. she kicks him and has the knife to his neck, but right before she gets to slicing, the detective tells her, don't do it. well, she stabs him anyway, in a gunshot is heard. then we see her back with the therapist, but this time in a prison outfit. well, maybe these therapist visits were all in the past, or maybe they were all in the future. regardless, this is her last time talking to this woman. staring at her alley with some hint of disturbed she goes outside and changed the sign to say the rapist instead of therapists. Ryan. she's about to leave, two other prisoners walk up with intention to body Jennifer with the shank. Jennifer says, no, I'm catching bodies today. and literally kicks the [ __ ] out of both the girls like some Sooyoung [ __ ] from I saw the devil kicking one girl in the head and taking his girl, shaking, stabbing her woody. she then goes right to the next girl, and slits her throat right as the therapist walks out. therapist [ __ ] up by grabbing Jennifer. and next she is also [ __ ] up beyond repair by Jennifer as well, getting cut up on Nik. damn this. Jennifer will pull up to your block and show bleeded sliding. and she don't drop some she ain't leavin Jennifer hills went from the revenge killer to one demented, crazy person. that was very interesting to see. but she's still a best girl. I don't care. so that was the last film and he I Spit on Your Grave franchise. but it isn't the last rape slash revenge movie out there. I might tackle some of those and just put them in the same playlist. now that we've seen Jennifer heroes take a turn for the worst, let's talk about the most disturbing moment. animals enjoy a moment in that spooky stuff. [Music]. so let's get right into it. the most disturbing is probably, damn, I guess, the stepdads death. it was, I guess, very reflective of how he treated his daughter, which is the case with how Jennifer was mocking him at all. and also, is a pretty disturbing death. the most enjoy limit is probably when Jennifer destroyed the ex-boyfriends, Jennifer and Jennifer sweat genitals. yeah, it hurts to see that as a male, but it's not like he didn't deserve and that's it. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. and if you did, make sure you click the like button in or you could click some of these videos. I got Londe for you right here, just if you're bored and rape this. he's some more disturbing cinema. anyway, thanks for waiting for me. thanks for watching. spooky out 