welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, a Fiat 500 Batmobile driver, and we finally have our first look at the car. every week, same bat-time, same bat-channel, and we break down all of the biggest updates on the Batman. and this week there's a lot to unpack. it's been a crazy time to be a bat fan recently, and the first looks and leaks on the movie are coming thick and fast, giving us more and more of an idea of what the film will be about every day. throughout this video, we'll be breaking down the first look at the Batmobile, giving our thoughts on it and what could be happening in the movie. there may be some spoilers here, so if you want to go into the film as blind as possible, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the child to never miss a video. and without the way, let's get into a breakdown of the bama. okay, so the Batmobile was created by designer ash Thorp, who, over the last couple of months, has been putting concept cars on his Instagram page, as well as things that he's pulled from in order to create the look. it was stated that the car was going to be more in line with his sports and muscle car, and this definitely fits the aesthetic of that. and yes, it does still come in black. it looks like chicks will dig the car, as the Internet is currently blowing up with people getting very excited over it. as we've said before, the Batman is going for a very grounded and believable feel, and this is definitely showcased here, if you'll, sort of like a car from year 1, or Batman earth 1, which I'll talk about in just a bit. the entire groundedness of the movie was cemented with the bat bike that was shown recently. as this looked like something that you could buy in real life if you had a billionaires bank account and didn't mind souping up your moped. I'm not sure if this is just me jumping to assumptions, but I have a feeling that throughout the movie, Batman will be upgrading his arsenal. there were leaks recently that said there would be a second bat suit in the film. and we also saw Bruce riding a bike in the first set of leaks, and this was then upgraded to the bat bike. the Batmobile itself, too, has this grounded feel, and does look like something that, if he had the resources and technology, wouldn't be outside of the realms of possibility. so it does seem like something that the character could upgrade over time and add things to. Batman is a character that is constantly improving his tech, and as this is a year 2 story, it does make sense that he would still be in the stages of just starting out. this is mirrored in the Batsuit - which has a feeling that it's being put together by someone rather than made by a team of designers. the Batmobile, though we don't know when, will now, definitely be appearing in the film. and I think it's more just a case of when it shows up now, rather than if. the car is very sleek, and it looks completely believable as a real one as well. Batman is just starting out, and therefore it's a very year 1s vehicle and not upgraded to the level that we would expect. I don't even think it has any weapons attached to it. and the glass is transparent, meaning that you can clearly see through it and see who's riding it. it does look like it's built purely for speed. and this is exemplified by the engine on the back that makes it seem like it's one purpose is to drive fast. we have seen Batman cruising the streets on his bike, so I can imagine that he is using this mainly to evade police, rather than to have in a modder in which he can take down bad guys with. yesterday we dropped a leak in which we talked about how the film would be very similar to earth 1. and Batman is in the planning stages, in that book, of building a car very similar to this. overall, I'm really hyped with the car, and I think it looks incredible. stylistically, it's very down-to-earth, and now I have a feeling that I will be getting upgraded throughout the franchise. it does set a really good foundation of where things could go. anyway, that's everything since the last update yesterday. and I'm very excited for the movie. make sure you check out that video as we go over a lot of the leaks and where the film pulls from. we do breakdowns on the Batman every week. same bat-time, same bat-channel. so make sure you stay luck to never miss any of the information. if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. you get access to content early, and can also suggest video topics and breakdowns. we massively appreciate it, and it goes a long way to helping videos like this get made. you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers, so hopefully we see over there very soon. also just want to let you know we're giving away a free copy of the Infinity Saga box set. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts and the Batmobile in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of March, and the Celt be shipped out from the in Tova. gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition that. you've been the best. now see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 