[Music], welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, and it's time to put a smile on that face with our first proper look at jared leto's joker in zack snyder's justice league. it's time to let go of the the gangster pimp leto version of the character, as we now have a far more terrifying one that feels much more engaging than what's come before. it was said that leto's version of the character, the majority of it was left on the cutting room floor. and it did feel like he was done a massive disservice with the version of the suicide squad that we got. now this looks absolutely terrifying. i love how he's sort of a road weary version of the character with long hair, smudged makeup and what i think is a bloody apron or overalls. either way it looks, it looks absolutely terrifying, and it feels quite in line with the crow. now, if you cast your mind back to you a couple of weeks ago, you will remember that we got a look at ben affleck's nightmare version of the character. and he seems to be standing in the same place that leto's version is. now, we've long asked for a meeting between the pair, and it seems like we're finally getting it. in what is going to be the extended and additional scenes in zack snyder's justice league, we're going to be breaking it all down, but if this is your first time here, then i'd massively appreciate the thumbs up, and also make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this each and every day. we're also giving away three free copies of the marvel phase three 4k box set, but i'll talk about how you can get your hands on that more towards the end of the video. now we do know that there's going to be an extra scene at the end of zack snyder's justice league. and though it has been said by walter hamada that this is a cul-de-sac, personally, i'm thinking it's a cul-de-sac, and it's gonna open the door for a lot more opportunities for snyder to get so many actors back involved, such as ben affleck, jared leto, joe manchinello and amber heard. it just seems to be setting up so many avenues that they can go with it. and obviously, seeing this look, it's got fans absolutely over the moon. i'm someone who didn't really like jared leto's version of the character that much, and i felt that the whacking phoenix one that followed him and the heath ledger one that preceded him were much better than what we got in in his vision. i don't really feel like that's his fault though, and he's an absolutely terrific actor, so it is great that he's getting the chance to revive the role once more. now, it is rumored that this moment is actually taking place five years after the events of justice league, and that it will be in the war-torn environment that was shown in batman v superman. it's also featured in the trailer for justice league, so it does make a lot of sense that this is the direction that they're going. the joker's card was also present there too, and it seems like he's going to be a big player in this moment. i have heard that batman and the joker are actually going to team up in order to defeat darkseid. but whether that comes true or not, we don't know yet. however, this does look amazing, and it seems like we'll finally be getting the conflict that batman and the joker deserve. now, the film is gonna be a four-hour epic, and it's set to release on march 18th on hbo max. and though we don't know how that's going to be released to the rest of the world, it will finally make it out there. this seems like one of the most unhinged versions that's ever been put to film. and it does remind me a lot of the crows, simply because of the the long black hair and this shadow around the eyes. i love that he's had laser surgery to remove those tattoos. and the scars on his face. makes me want to know how he, how he got those scars. what. anyway, as i'm sure you can tell, i'm absolutely over the moon with this look, and i've never been more hyped for a film that's so, so close. we've been waiting since 2017 for this, and to know that we're getting it next month, it just feels absolutely amazing. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the look in the comments section below, so make sure you let me know. and as a thank you for interacting with this video, you'll be entered into a prize draw on the 28th of february, in which we're giving away three copies of the marvel phase 3 4k box set to our subscribers. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, drop a comment below, and make sure you subscribe. with notifications on the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter at heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the footage that was recently released on the film and also the trailers from the super bowl, which will be linked on screen right now. without the way, thank you for sitting through the video. i've been paul, i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 