hi, mystery kept here. today i'm going to explain a film based on the real life story of the youngest warrior of world war ii, called soldier boy. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. the movie begins in russia, where a family of three sit by the river enjoying their time. the youngest of them, sergey alyuskov, bose to his elder brother and mother about him being on top of a tree. when suddenly, german fighter jets fly overhead. the mother asked her kids to quickly hide in the bushes, but the six-year-old claims he is not scared and strikes the jet with a slingshot. to everyone's surprise, he managed to hit the jets and explode them. but when he looks around, his family is gone. sergey wakes up frightened from the dream and calls for his mother. just then someone knocks on his door. assuming it is his mother, he runs toward it, but a neighbor woman comes in. panicking. she thanks god for keeping him alive and informs him that his mother and brother are dead. the little boy cannot comprehend what she is saying and wants to stay in the house to wait for his mother. the woman tells him that germans have attacked them and that he should run away. just then, some soldiers approach their house. the woman makes the gay run out through the window, but each short date, before she can join him, the little six year old is now on his own with no family and friends. as sharky runs away from the house, he sees his whole neighborhood burning behind him. he calls for his mother in vain and runs away from there. after running for a while, he ends up in the middle of the woods. the little kid starts to call for his mother to come and get him, because he is lost. that night he stays in the jungle. the following morning, we see him drinking water from a river. when the enemy soldiers approach his way circle, knowing that they are dangerous, quickly hides inside a dress roots. he is startled when a snake comes nearby, but doesn't utter a ward or run away. sergey is more scared of the soldiers than the snake. the soldiers eat by the river and go away, after which sergey takes their leftover food and diverse it for the night. however, by the end of the day, the little boy is exhausted, he hasn't had a proper meal in two days and has been walking with no destination. he falls down as he leans, but doesn't stop walking. while on his way, he sees wild berries and divorce them. but just then an explosion occurs behind him, taking him by surprise. the boy gets dizzy and starts to hallucinate someone coming behind him. however, even in such conditions, he stands brave and tells the person he has a rifle and is not scared. he leans forward, but falls unconscious. after a while, while he is asleep, two soldiers approach him. the scenes cuts to the russian army base where commander kuznetsov waits for his petrol soldiers. they come in with the little kid, who is injured and weak. when the soldiers claim they are on his side, the little boy opens up and introduce himself. the soldiers laugh when the kid shakes his hand, with the commander suggesting he introduce himself to the soldiers feel a affectionate with that little kid and circle him around. they make him drink water and feed him. even the otherwise cold. commander takes care of the kid. a nurse named katya dresses churches owns. and he charmed by his personality too. the kid asks her to draw a tank on his wounds because he wants to be a soldier when he grows up. even the injured soldier talk to the kid and feel lighter. sergey is fascinated with the commander's gun and his batch. the commander to answer all the little boys questions and lets him play with his ornery pistol. after taking the bullets out, sergey shows him the tank drawn on his stomach and boasts about being a soldier himself. the boy is healing very quickly. the nurse katya asked the commander to let the boy stay with the battlian, but he disagrees, claiming that it won't be safe. he wants to send sergey to an orphanage. the soldiers spent all their free time with circuit. he is visited by many throughout the day. they bring him food sent by their families from afar and even let him play with their binoculars. one day, a soldier goes to the commander to ask him to let the boy stay with the battalion. the soldiers have grow a close connection with the kid and think of him as their own. his presence takes the weight of war of their chest. however, the commenter is adamant about sending the boy to the orphanage for his own safety. the following day, the enemies attack and many soldiers are hurt. a vehicle comes to fetch sergey to take him to the orphanage. the commander breaks the news to the kid and gives him a wooden honoree pistol as a gift. the boy is turn hugs him, claiming that he is scared for the commander's safety. the commander melts in his embrace and changes his mind. he asked sergey to stay with the soldiers as his son. that night, the soldiers took for little soldier cloth for the little boy. they are over the moon to have sergey stay with them. the commander wakes sergey up and gives him the clothes. he wears them and runs around looking like a real soldier. the others start calling him their little soldier boy. as the kid runs around, the germans launch an air attack on the batlion. the soldiers quickly take sergey to a safe place and fight the others. the number of injured soldiers grows rapidly. sergey wants to make himself useful, so he brings water to thirsty soldiers. one of them asked him to read a letter sent by his family because he has a bandage over his eyes. the little boy wants to help, but doesn't know how to read. he takes the letter and starts making up the things written on it, claiming that the soldier's cow is safe back home. when the soldier says he doesn't have a cow, the others tell him to go along with the story and laugh. he did everyone else letters in the same fashion, and cheers them up. in the following scene, we see kathya and the commenter talking. the two seem to be attracted to each other, but do not confess their feelings. later, sergey tells the commander that he is of the orderly position in the battlian and starts introducing himself as one. however, the boy then sees one of the soldiers station destroyed from the attack. the commander teaches him to take his hat off to pay respect to the dead soldier. the next day, he insists the commander give him a mission, and is given a task to distribute the letters among the soldiers. he completes his task efficiently and even makes the soldiers dance for him. the following day, sergey goes a little far from the base with his binoculars. as he is playing with it, he sees someone's leg moving from inside a hashtag. he rushes back to the battalion and tells the soldiers about his findings. the soldiers are skeptical, but go with the boy anyway. when they reach near the haystack, they are alerted to see two german spies hiding underneath. the spies are arrested and the kid is praised for his intelligence. that night, the commander shows sharkey the legal papers for his adoption. he is now officially the kid's father. sergey knows of the commander's feelings for katya, so to repay his kindness, he takes him to confess to her. but the two see her talking to different men and wrongly assume she is interested in someone else. the base is attacked by the germans again. this time sergey helps the soldiers with all his might by supplying ammunition to the soldiers in the front line. but the soldiers there command him to go back to the shed because it is too dangerous outside. when he comes to the shed, he sees the commander and others packing because the phone's connection with the colony is lost. a soldier is sent to fix the broken bears. sergey follows the soldier and sees he has been fatally wounded. he asked the dying soldier how he can fix the wears and does it himself. the connection comes back and more troops are called. the six years old saves everyone's life. later we see the commander and katya talking by the river. the commander finally confesses his love for her and asked her to be sarcase. mother tatia is over the moon, but before she can say anything, a soldier approaches them and gives the commander a letter saying they have been dispatched from the base. the following day, all the soldiers live for their new base, along with chad. however, on their way, they come across a minefield that blows off some of their vehicle. the commander is hurt, while the group's orderly who sergey was close with, dies in the explosion. he cries and hugs the commander. they carry the injured ones with them and continue their journey. to their new base. when they finally reach the other base, they meet the commander's leader, the general. he too is impressed by the kids ambition and congratulates the commander for having such a smart kid. the following day, their division is awarded a guards banner, and so is the boy. he promises to save his country when the general gives him his batch. one night, their base is attacked brutally, and the commander is trapped under the ruins. sergey cries for his father and tries to save him. he calls the other soldiers who finally bring the commander out. the next day, sergey approaches an injured commander. his hands were hurt while trying to save the commander. the kid is now an inspirable part of them. he doesn't have a family beside them, and moves wherever they go in the world. the movie end, as the resignment is seen moving to another base. a voice in the background narrates that he even took part in the steely guard battle and raised poland with the soldiers. he is currently known as the world's youngest soldier ever. and the legendary story of his bravery is now spread for the whole world to here. subscribe for more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like to help the channel out. thank you for watching. 