shadow of the Tomb Raider is the third game in the reboot game series that follows Lara Croft on her journey to become a legend. like most games in the series, there's a lot to unpack from both the ending and its post-credit scene. and throughout this video, I'll be discussing the plot in full detail. there will be heavy spoilers, and in my opinion, this game is definitely worth playing through if you're a fan. so make sure you come back to this video. I'll lay a day if you yet to complete the storyline. with that out the way, I'm definition, and I ruin the game so you don't have to. by the end of shadow of the Tomb Raider, Lara is in a dire situation. she's killed loads of people. she's jumped on hundreds of clearly marked ledges and has maintained her best Nathan Drake impression for 20 hours. but she's still in trouble. the order of the Trinity has obtained both key items and is now free to control the Mayan apocalypse and use it to reshape the world in their image. enemy of fun, Lara Croft, for some reason, doesn't want the world to be enslaved by a group of madmen? no, she's perfectly content with Donald Trump, Theresa May and the lot ruling the world already. her Trinity are just gonna go too far. in the final showdown, Lara manages to kill the antagonist, Dominique wears, and in doing so, manages to not only save the world, but to avenge her father's death. in his dying breath, Dominique wears, I don't know how to pronounce it, passes the key of chap shell on to Lara, which transfers the powers to her. due to this, Lara has the ability to change the world as she sees fit. what I thought we would get a world of clearly marked Ledger's and no more Uncharted games. how did that joke again? instead, we get a vision of her tragic past replaced with a happy childhood. Lara, ever the good guy, turns away from this fantasy, however, which is when she's faced with crimson fire. crimson fire wants to stop the apocalypse that has been brought forward by Trinity. and in order to power the Sun, they need to kill a god. this puts Lara directly in the firing line. but she's more than willing to go sacrifice herself, even if it means a game over screen with no continues. crimson fire goes forward to take the power. they thrust down, with the dagger stopping just above Lara's chest, which draws the light from her. the Eclipse ends. as we see, the screen fades away, and we flash-forward to two days later. you ran at two's funeral. I just can't get these names. Jonah and Lara decide to go their separate ways, and the to depart. Lara decides the saying, help the locals, whilst Jonah pursues his love interest, Abbie, probably because after 10 years, he finally realizes he's getting nowhere with Laura, as she's a bit of a sourpuss, and he's been well and truly friend-zoned. don't worry, though, the game isn't over yet. and during the credits, we are treated to a scene which ties a nice bow on the trilogy as a whole. we join Lara in Croft Manor as she writes a letter to Jonah. this shows that Lara has finally accepted her father's passing, as the family home was often a place that she avoided wherever possible. the room is awash with trophies from the past three games, as well as a little nod to the original ps1 game in the form of a child's drawing of a dinosaur. there the callbacks are introduced when we get a glimpse of Lara's Butler for the first time in the series. he's visibly shaking, which is, of course, one of his key characteristics and something that carries over from Tomb Raider to you. I used to spend hours locking him in that giant freezer. and maybe if Lara had have done this in her childhood, she would be as happy as I am. but she didn't, did she? and that's why this series was reported. any way, now, Lara seems content and happy for the first time, and it's a great closer that tops off this astounding trilogy. where it will journey in the future is unknown, but it's still the perfect ending point for the origin story of Lara Croft. so what did you think of shadow of the Tomb Raider? do you think it topped off the trilogy well? and what would you like to see in future installments? do you want a game where you just lock the butler in the freezer over and over cuz I do. anyway, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it and subscribe to my channel. I create content like this weekly, and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of games, recently I discussed the ending of God of War, so make sure you check that video next, linked at the end of this one. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 