welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, aka lady paulina. [Music]. and today's glorious purpose is bringing you the best easter eggs, hidden details and things you missed in loki episode 4. the new entry has a lot to talk about, and it explores sylvie's backstory before taking things in a wild direction. we're going to be breaking it all down in this video. and make sure you stick around until the end, as we'll be giving our spoiler-free review of black widow. now, before we get into that, i just want to let you know i've recently done a big breakdown for amazon prime video uk, discussing why i love invincible so much. it'll be linked in the description below. and huge thank you to everyone who supported the channel so i can get opportunities like this. i needed a hand like bucky, and you were there to give me one and to me your family. well adopted family. now, without the way, let's get into loki episode 4. okay, so this episode is called the nexus event, something that we've been told can completely decimate reality if left unchecked. several of these happen throughout the episode, and it's going to be absolutely amazing to see what happens next. now we pick up with a young selfie in her version of asgard, and can catch her playing with toys. amongst these are a dragon, which, of course, appeared at the start of thor ragnarok. and this is beaten by a valkyrie, who also showed up in that movie. interestingly, we can catch a giant wolf toy next to a ship, and i believe that this might be fenris. now the tva arrive and escort her away on the authority of the timekeepers. and it shows just how evil that the organization really is. sylvie is just a child, and the fact that they're wiping her out for just existing is worse than this channel. now she's taken through the procedures that the older version of loki was even down to popping up in the same courtroom. as we pointed out in our first breakdown, this place contains an image of stan lee amongst the timekeeper murals. we learned that sylvie stole the tampad from ravana rensslayer, as a child when she was one of the minutemen. and since then, she's been on the run. now ravano letting her go here very much explains why selby lets her go at the end of the episode. and again, it's sort of like poetry. they right now go to the present, and we watch as ravano takes the golden elevator to the timekeepers who sit on their thrones. as we know, ren slayer is one of the only people allowed to speak with them. and it's very ominous seeing them cloaked in darkness and smoke. if this was a disney show, which which it is, yeah, then no points for guessing that these are the bad guys. now, the central one is clearly seen as the main figure as he sits above the other two. throughout the series, focus has always been given to him, and it's no different in this episode. he looks a lot like what would happen if jonathan mages was wearing makeup. and it could be hinting that this is kang controlling at all. now we cut to the title screen, which we see fading in. and in case you missed our last video, we went over how this is actually an effect caused when you photocopy something repeatedly. this is known as generation loss. and over time, the quality diminishes. loki himself even referred to sylvia as a photocopy last week, and it is quite interesting how she's clearly the superior version. now we then jump back to the lobby and see mobius asking rentslayer if he can interrogate c20. but we learn that she's been killed. though we're told that this is because her mind was scrambled and she started to decline. we know that it's because she discovered she had a life before the tva. c20 kept saying, it's real after being taken back to one of her memories, and thus she had to be murdered before the truth was exposed. hashtag, c20 didn't kill herself. now, our next stop is lamentis 1, the purple planet. that's also pulled directly from the comics. we can see that the city the ark was located at has been completely decimated. and on the outskirts of the town, we get the clip from the trailer in which sylvie sits at a rock. interestingly, they did change the cgi slightly from the trailers, and they've now added in some spotlights to explain why the characters are so well lit. that's attention to detail, guys. now, as for sylvie, aka the enchantress. no, no, not that one. i still haven't really discussed her comic book backstory in a breakdown. so i thought i'd go over the 4-1-1 of who the show version is also pulling from. i know she takes elements of lady loki too, so if you want to run down of her, then definitely check out our full video dedicated to her on the channel. anyway, sylvie lushton, to give her her full name, was born in oklahoma, and she lived a pretty normal childhood for the most part. after ragnarok, thor brought a version of asgard to her home, and she woke up with morning glorious purpose to discover that she now had magical powers. desperate to do good, she moved to new york, adopted an asgardian accent and joined a group calling themselves the young avengers, though they weren't the original and were just some crappy knockoff of new rock stars that only got popular because they did breakdowns five minutes after a show release. sorry, so talking about someone else there. now, they were their own thing. but she did join the real young avengers, but was kicked out. and she ended up training at the avengers academy. however, it was revealed by lady loki that she was the one who had given salvi her powers. and this was all an illusion to trick immortal into thinking that they were as guardian in order to cause chaos. you might know that the first enchantress in the marvel universe was actually called amora, and she was a close friend of loki growing up. selvi caught her attention, and the two went head-to-head. after the latter realized that she had stolen her name, she was banished to one of the ten realms. but it was said that if she survived, she'd be accepted by amora. and that's amore. now potentially we could be seeing what our false memories planted into her by a version of loki, in order to make her think that that's her life. the series itself has very much been about false memories, erasing realities, and also taking away people's pasts and features. so potentially this theme could pop up with sylvie. and it would also explain how loki is able to survive being pruned at the end. maybe it's all an illusion, we don't know, but we'll talk about that later on. now, sylvie says she spent her life running, hiding at apocalypses, and she just wants to take down the tva so she can be free. interestingly, after bombing the timeline, we can see that it has been restabilized. so they must have cleared that up pretty quickly, as it hasn't really had much effect on the show. however, maybe they didn't fix things and just left things as they were, which might explain why new york is destroyed in the post-credits scene. now, silvie says that what makes a loki a loki is that they're destined to lose. but as loki correctly says, they are survivors. i mean, this is a guy who has died countless times, and even though he thought that his farewelling infinity war would be his final one, he still came back swinging with a brand new disney plus show. he even dies at the end of this episode. so yeah, as he says, they are survivors. now, silvie holds loki's hand as the ending of rogue one plays out, and this creates a nexus event that alerts the tva, and they arrive and take them in. loki is told later in the episode that he will be hashtag forever alone. and what happens here is they find love with one another. and this creates a nexus event. as they're both variants, they both try to define what love meant to one another last week. and the fact that they now somewhat gain a shared love here isn't meant to happen. and thus it alerts the tva. i know mobius says it's sick and twisted, but i don't see it really as anything romantic. and the showrunner did come out earlier in the week and say that there wouldn't be any romantic feelings between them. they just realized that they're not alone. now, shouts to christian from beyond epic for pointing out that one of the tva guards has a cover over their eyes at this point. this is actually a subtle nod to the tva chrono. comes from the comics, which two had a similar optical device placed over theirs too. loki tells mobius that the tva are lying to him. and thinks subconsciously, he knows this is the truth, which is why it kind of breaks him a bit. he has to laugh it off. but you can tell a plantsy idea in his head and gets to him, like people who say, i pronounce mischief wrong. i'll never forget. i'll never forgive. now he's thrown into a memory prison, and he comes face to face with sif, who we haven't seen in the mcu for a while. i think her last appearance in the timeline was in agents of shield, but marvel studios have been weirdly ashamed of admitting that this show is connected, even though it went off and did its own thing. so thor the dark world may just be considered the last time we saw her. she is, however, rumored to be in thor love and thunder. so it's nice that they've got her popping back up here. interestingly, in the comics, loki actually took over a body that was meant for sif after the events of ragnarok. so it's a nice little easter egg that they dropped her in here as a cameo. the tva repeat this bad memory over and over, which could be them using the time twister, which, as we know, creates a time loop. interestingly, the name of the time twisters pulls from an alternate version of the timekeepers that turned evil in the comics, loki tries to talk sif around. and we could do a similar scene in which mobius tries to talk ravona into letting him speak to selfie. ravona says that nobody can speak to her. and she, of course, worries that others might feel the same sympathy that she did when she let her go as a child. we really see through these two examples how time moves differently. in the tba, as ravona hasn't aged today since sylvie got away, whereas the latter has become a full adult. mobius drops a line about how he's always watching over a loki. and potentially he's been through this scenario several times before, or at least his variants have. for some reason, he's had a soft spot for him since the start. and there definitely could be more than meets the eye here. maybe loki went and watched him on that jet ski before he was taken in by the tva. and this would explain why he's felt so sympathetic towards the character, as he may be the last thing he saw. i kind of feel like mobius was meant to die in a jet ski crash, but didn't and thus this created a nexus point that meant he had to be removed from the timeline. now mobius goes past where sylvia is located, and we can see that she's been beating up the minutemen. as one has a bust-up lip that they're padding with a bandage. mobius mentions that they fought the cree an alien species in the mcu, titans, which are not to thanos's race. and as we know, his planet was destroyed. so potentially there was a timeline in which survivors made it off, this would have created a nexus event. however, it may also be thanos himself, as we know from avengers endgame that it is possible to create other versions of him. mobius also mentions vampires, which is likely helping to set a blade which we know is coming down the line at some point. now, hunter b15 seems very curious over what loki said, and this is because she too gained some of her old memories. similar to c20, she was possessed, and when she woke up at rock's court, she almost had a look of realization on her face, which we discover were elements from her past in loki's memory prison he admits why he cut sif's hair and says that he does things for attention. he's often lived in thor's shadow, and after realizing that he was a frost giant, he likely felt betrayed and even more on his own, surrounded by the asgardians. this epiphany makes mobius arrive and pick him up. and they return to the interrogation room. and loki talks about how they're all in a loop of their own, which could hint towards our theory from before, this lip service paid to cockroaches, which are, of course, known as being survivors. and this is very similar to loki, who, yes, gets killed more times than kenny. now, loki lies about working with sylvie in order to stay alive, so that he isn't sent back to prison. but he's devastated when mobius lies to him about her being pruned. the tiny tier that forms in tom hiddleston's eye is some next level acting. and he pretends to be happy that she's gone, but mobius reveals that he's just, he's just pulling his leg. now, loki tells mobius that everyone is a variant, but it's very much a boy who cried with situation, and mobius shrugs it off. however, he himself has seen this play out, as he, of course, watched as loki, a variant that was brought in, was assigned to the ranks of the tva. this process has clearly happened with others, and deep down, he knows it's the truth hunter. b15 rescues selfie, and in ravona's office, she gets mobius to sign the documents. he looks at the pen once more. and it could be that this pulls from his past. we have been theorizing that there's another version of mobius running around out there, similar to comics. and this would explain the ring stains in her office that ravana says are his, but that he doesn't remember putting there. ravana also says she didn't let mobius see selvi because it's dangerous. but as we learn, this is, in fact, a lie. using a sword trophy is a distraction. mobius swaps his tempad with hers, and he feigns exhaustion. b15 and selfie return to the rocks, caught disaster. and here the former lends the truth. now i love how b15 went from someone that hated loki because he was a variant, to someone that learned they would want to and that their prejudices were wrong. now we don't see what memory she gets, but it's clearly a happy one, like the time she clicked the thumbs up button to help out an old friend on a video. now, mobius replies c20s debriefing footage, and this lines up with what loki told him. he returns to loki and tells him that his shared love with sylvie can bring everything down. upon escaping the prison, mobius is pruned. and no, it's a brutal moment. i do think that we will see him again at some point in the series. he is, of course, a variant. so there is someone on the main timeline, probably riding a jet ski somewhere right now. and i hope we get a dark knight rises esque ending where logie returns to the main timeline and just sees that he's happy now till he has been returned. but b15 has escaped, and she likely swapped her caller with one that she could control, so that ren's slayer would be unable to i kind of feel like she triggered things at the same time as ravonna did to keep up the illusion. and we do know that she had control of their colours in the elevator. selvie asks red slayer if she remembers what her nexus event was, but ravano says she can't recall it, though she does smoke beforehand, potentially showing that she's a liar. they're brought before the timekeepers. and i love how the design of their lair looks very similar to penrose steps, which have appeared in the work of m.c escher. that that's not a rap name, by the way. now, they also showed up in inception. and these impossible staircases are, of course, an odd to time loops. b15 shows up and frees them. and loki uses a sword to fight the security, which could be a nod to the sword of sigurd from agent hamas god. loki and sylvie best everybody, and she reveals that they're actually machines after beheading one in a very wizard of oz-esque moment. now, clearly something is behind this all. and potentially our theories about kang being the one in control could be right. however, there are others it could be. and it might actually be he who remains which is the creature that created the timekeepers. originally, it could also be doctor doom, as the machines are very similar to doombots. but i don't think they're going to introduce such a big villain here. now i am leaning more towards the idea that it's actually kang, as he is heavily linked in with the tva and has already been cast. now, the loki we've been following is completely pruned, leaving just sylvie, who asks to learn everything. this is a huge gut punch that completely changes the direction of things. but we get a post credit scene in which we see that he's actually alive. he's a survivor. he's not going to get i'd stop with that. now. he here, he sees four versions of loki, and we see one wielding magnet, showing that there is a variant that is worthy. the second is an alligator, and this could be a nod de throg, the frog version of thor there's also kid loki, who pulls from the comics, and this is someone that loki was reincarnated as at one point. and lastly, is oh loki wearing his comic book accurate costume. now, as for old loki. he's sort of what you want to call a loki classic. and he featured heavily in the book agent of asgard, that took place right after one of the numerous deaths of loki. and he was reincarnated into a younger body. after seeing how things always ended for him, loki wanted to divert from the dark path that he had often gone on, and he became a force for good. however, it was revealed that an old version of loki was simply pulling the strings, and that he had gone through the motions that the agent of asgard version had two he divulged that, upon completing his tasks, the all mother of asgard told him that everything was a ruse and that loki would always be viewed as a villain, a stepping stone so that others could achieve greatness. this is something that has happened with the show vision, who, of course, learned that he had helped to form the avengers through his actions. thus, oh, loki decided to give asgard the biggest villain they'd ever seen. and he fit the role perfectly, getting wickeder, and wickeder, believing that he could be nothing more, he wanted the young version of loki to follow in his footsteps. and we discovered that he'd been moving through time, manipulating events so that it all fell into place. however, much to his surprise, his intervention actually sent this variant off on a new path to do something different. much in the same way that the loki of old had been used as a stepping stone to propel others to greatness, o loki had been used to push the new one into a brand new direction. now whether this aligns with what happens at the end of the show or not, we don't know yet. but i do think it's important to bear this arc in mind when discussing the character. now i think here he is going to be working with the character, but it would be hilarious if all they did was backstab one another. they're also in a completely decimated new york, which we can see from the avengers tower. this could be a timeline in which iron man didn't direct the nico away from the city. and it looks like, because this is the apocalypse, that it's a safe place to hide out anyway. absolutely incredible episode. and after last week's slightly lackluster one, i'm well on board with this show again, this is easily the best in the series so far. and if there was so many curveballs, i can't wait to see what happens next. now, as for my thoughts on black widow, unfortunately, i'm probably gonna get some heat for this, but i was kind of disappointed by the movie overall. up top, i will say that it's not a bad film per se, but i just feel like there were a lot of missed opportunities with it. firstly, i don't feel like this was a good send-off for natasha. and beyond her childhood, there wasn't all that much that i learned about her. the piece, to me, very much felt like a elena below the film that just so happened to also have nat's story running alongside it. and because of this, it's difficult to feel that she is a character got the justice that she should have. there's also two very lackluster villains in the movie. in both taskmaster and ray winstone. strike off the ladder is just sort of a stereotypical stalling villain whose plan you're not really sure of. and the former has been reduced to basically being a killing machine that doesn't have any true motivations or conflict. there's a big twist with taskmaster that changes things up from the comics. i think it might annoy some fans to the level that the mandarin reveal did in iron man 3. they dropped the ball quite a lot with the character. and also the person playing them could have had a lot more to do, as they are a known actor, but they were brushed to the side. now, minor, minor spoilers here for the start of the movie. so if you don't anything ruined about the film, then i highly recommend that you turn off now. also, please hit the thumbs up button if you enjoyed the breakdown, and i'll see you on the next one. now, after we get a flashback of natasha's childhood, we see her sister, elena, working for the red room, which has complete control over its soldiers. elena is snapped out of this by a chemical and she goes rogue. now, mind control elements rarely work for me in fiction, and here it didn't really either. remember, this is set just after natasha has gone on the run. and she was someone who was under the control of an organization, but decided to break free of her own back rather than simply being magically snapped out of it. i really wish that nat had been the inspiration for her sister, as that's more of a character choice to me than what we get. the ending is also very strange, as we pretty much cut at a time where it looks like something else is about to happen, before jumping to something else, leaving some questions over how we got from the prior point to the present. one saying all that, though, the movie is very, very, very good, action wise, and it shows that the mcu can compete with the likes of mission impossible. the combat scenes are really well choreographed, as are the chase scenes. and though taskmaster doesn't really work as a character, they provide a pretty good antagonist for our group of heroes to stand up against. david harbour and rachel wise are also really good, and the core casts provide a certain feeling of family to the piece, that i think means the movie has at least a heart to it. florence pew pew is also great too, and she's definitely going to be a big character going forward in the mcu. she is the standout in the film for me, but that's not to take away from our scarlet, who probably also has her best performance in the marvel universe. as for the final post credits scene, i think that it sets up something quite big. and it would have been interesting to see if the original release order of this coming before falcon and the winter soldier, would have worked. differently, personally, i think it flows much better being dropped in the order that it did. and though none of what i'm saying here makes sense if you haven't seen it, you'll get it when it releases, or when you use the time stone to travel forward. now, i feel like that scene is one of the best parts of the movie, and i am hyped for what happens next. so overall, it was a really, really strong action movie that i felt was slightly let down, perhaps because i was expecting it to be this big send off to natasha, and instead it was kind of a side story that, overall, didn't add all that much to her arc and felt just like something used to propel elena beloved into her place. there will be people that love this, and they're not wrong either. just for me, i wanted some stronger villains and more going on with this movie. overall, it gets a 6.5 out of 10, and probably ranks around the guardians 2 area, in my opinion. obviously, everyone is still gonna go see it, and i will be doing an ending explain video as well as an easter egg one for when the film releases worldwide next week. so keep an eye on the channel. also, i wanted to do a black widow spider woman joke, but i couldn't think of how to wear it. so here's your half dose approach to it. she goes, she goes, splat like a spider. now, you're welcome. now, i'd of course, love to hear your comments on not only loki, what you think is gonna happen next time, and if there's anything we missed. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be ended into a prize store on the 30th of july, in which we randomly pick three comments so you can win an mcu boxer of your choice. all you have to do to be on the chance is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. the winners of june's competition are on screen right now, so that's you. then message me on twitter at heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the shangshi trailer, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over the entire thing from top to bottom, so it's definitely worth checking out if you have any questions over that movie. without the way, thank you for sitting through the video. i've been paul, and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 