welcome to the man of recaps. this is the Bachelorette week six. last week, the drama with Luke peak came to a head. he and Hanna spent half an hour talking out their issues, accomplishing nothing. and in the end, she's like, I just can't give you this rose. apparently that means he's going home right now. but Luke Pete, don't quit. he turns right back around and this like, Hanna, I'm ready to fight for you. she decides to give him another chance and let him stick around for the rose ceremony. the other guys are like, no, you hate him. in fact, Garrett immediately starts stirring the pot, and the guys end up fighting. and has to come out like the angry mom and be like, boys, stop fighting. as soon as she walks out the door, they immediately start up again. and she's like, guys, I'm seriously done with this. she goes straight into the rose ceremony. a bunch of guys who haven't had much screen time go home. and the big question is, will Luke pee stick around? yes. she keeps him around again. another week, Luke peace, still going strong. the gang travels to Latvia, hoping to leave all the drama of Scotland behind him. but Hanna's still feeling really upset. she's like, the way these guys are acting, I don't think I want to be with any of them. the whole second half of the episode is a sit-down with Chris Harrison, debating whether she's gonna stick on with the show. they do basically a season-long recap, hashing out all the drama that happened. flashback to the guy on night one had a girlfriend. then cam with his whole always being cam. and of course, the hurricane of drama that is Luke P but Chris Harrison reminds her of all the good times. she's got a really good relationship going with some of the frontrunners. Jed, the singers, a great guy. she really likes him. she connected with Mike extremely well in Scotland. he's just a really nice, cool dude. she's had some sexy times with the pilot, Peter and Tyler. see, for some reason a lot of people's favorites. um, I guess he's just really hot. tell me in the comments who your favorite is with John Paul Jones, God, too soon. I have to pick a new one. so in the end, Hannah decides to stick with the show. it's probably in her contract. she's find a billion dollars if she doesn't. but also because there's some great guys that she could really find love with. and we have an extended preview of the rest of the season, where things are heating up. its gonna get sexy up in here, plus some more crazy drama on the horizon, and apparently an epic twist at the end. check me out on Instagram. I'm doing a new series of videos there. I cut out all the filler and condense the actual episode into minute. it's a lot of fun. until next week, man, have recaps out. Bachelorette host, I don't know anything, to be honest. Chris Harrison, Chris Hanson is a catch a predator guy. 