a criminal defense upon me. queen has an awkward dinner with her tinder date, slim, in an ohio diner. slim drives queen home. afterwards, his supposedly erupted driving attracts the attention of a police officer, who pulls the two over and makes slim step out of the car. and the officer goes on to such slims person, then, with permissions from slim, is allowed to set his trunk. when slim asks if he could hurry as it is cold, the officer draws his gun on flame, and when queen gets out and tries to pull out her phone to record, he shoots her in the leg. slim tackles the officer, and the scuffle ensues, resulting in slim grabbing the official's gun and shooting him with it. queen tells slim that they either have to go on the run or will spend the rest of their lives in prison. when they run out of gas, and the pair flaps down a pickup truck for help. the driver, edgar, turns out to be a sheriff in kentucky. at the gas station, edgar gets a notice on his radio about the ohio official's death and identifies queen and slim as the suspects. they hold up there at gunpoint and steal his stroke, trapping him in their broken dial cars trunk. queen and slim travel to new auckland to the house of her extreme uncle o, a pimp, for help. on their own is reluctant. queen convinces him to ate them since he had previously helped him avoid jail for the accidental killing of her mother. slim proposes that they escaped cuba, and all tells them that when he was serving in iraq, he saved the life of a mr shepherd who would be able to help them get there. from miami, queen and slim eventually take one of own's cars and head towards florida. as they continue the drive, in the morning, the couple's car breaks down, they take it to a black mechanic, whose teenage son, jr, expresses his admiration for them, who have now become widely recognizable and a symbol. the next day, queen visits her mother's grave with slim and shares her grief over the relationship she had with her mother. elsewhere at a protest in support of queen and sling. junior pulls again on a black officer and impulsively shoots him in the face and is subsequently killed. queen and slim get to the home of the shepherds, but a neighbor recognizes them, and swat team shows up outside shortly after. the shepherds, while eating dinner, tell them about the bounty on them, fifty thousand dollars each, and give them directions to the next person able to exist them. during dinner, mr shepherd suddenly tells queen and slim to hide in a crawl space under the bed in their room until the course is clear. soon after, the swat team bust through the door and search the house. the following day, they emerge from the crosshairs and exit the house to the backyard via the window, at which point queen dislocates her shoulder. the pair gain access to a rare garage, and slim relocates queen's shoulder, causing her to cry out loudly in pain. this attracts the notice of one of the officers posted outside the front of the house. when the young black officer asked his partner if he heard the noise, the older white officer condescendingly tells him to go and look. as the couple attempt to flee from the staffer's garage, the black officials stumbled upon them that let them go. the couple then drive the car to the place where they are to meet the next person, but it is in the middle of the night and no one is there. they decide to sleep in the car until the morning. in the morning, they are suddenly awakened by a man pointing a shotgun at them through the window. he tells them to follow him to his trailer, as he can lead them to your friend with a plane that can get them away. after making some calls, he drives them to your tarmac and drops them off where a plane is waiting to take home. as the two walk towards the plane, a squad of cough arrives behind them. a cop on a loud speaker keeps ordering the pair to get on the ground, which they ignore. a cop shoots queen in the chest, instantly killing her. devastated, slim picks up her quotes and carries her towards the cops, leading them to gun him down as well. means the tragic end to the manhunt is public science and the couple's real names, angela johnson and ernest heinz, are made public. the man who dropped them off at atomic is shown in his trailer counting a large amount of cash, indicating thought he, in fact, was working with the police and received the bounty as a reward. hundreds of civilians attend their funerals and view them as malteers and heroes. 