welcome to the man of recaps. this is the original Halloween. on Halloween, 15 years ago, young Michael Myers snuck into his sister's room to scare her. but he scared her with a knife multiple times. oh, he killed her. why would he do this? well, he is just pure evil. 15 years later, in the present day of 1978, dr. Loomis is going to see his patient, Michael, at the mental asylum. this is his nurse assistant. it's not her Halloween costume, that's just how she dresses. but when he goes to open the gate, Oh, Michael's already escaped. and he's been doing push-ups for 15 straight years, so he is super strong. he steals the car, and Michael Myers is on the loose. now, it's Halloween. Jamie Lee Curtis goes to the old Myers residence. you can't go in there. it's haunted. don't worry, kid, my dad's a realtor. I'm just leaving the key under the mat. but Mikey's inside. he's like, who this girl stepping on my front porch. I think I'm gonna spend the rest of the day stalking and killing her. so he follows her, a bit, standing creepily in the distance. and he is extremely sneaky. dr. Loomis and the sheriff check out the old Myers house, but he's not there anymore. he's out watching the girls. they're both babysitting tonight cuz it's Halloween, the parents trying to get lit. he checks out the friend first, cuz she's the naughty one, gettin naked in the kitchen for no reason. Jamie Lee's babysitting right across the street. she's like, hey, watch my kid for a bit. I'm gonna go hook up with my boyfriend. but when she gets in her car, Oh, Mikey in the backseat strangling her out. but that's taken too long for him, so he grabs his knife, slashed undid. she had invited this other couple to come over too for a big Halloween sex party. but when they get to the house, no one's home. well, guess we'll just start this on our own. oh, but that Mikey wants to join in. boom, out of a cabinet, grabs the guy. look how many pushups I've done. I'm so strong. takes his knife and stabbed all these must have been a really long knife, because he's hanging off the ground. he chokes out the girl. that's right, kids, phones used to have cords. Jamie Lee's like, well, this is a weird prank call. I'm gonna go check it out. and, oh, her friends dead on the and I'll he hung this guy in the closet somehow. wow. Mikey's a real artist. it's time for the final kill. but, oh, he whiffs. just cuts her sleeve, but that knocks her over the stairs. okay? she falls. she tries to leave the house, but she's forgotten how to unlock doors from the inside, so she runs to the kitchen, but Mikey's like, boom. I've done like a billion push-ups. but she manages to escape, gets across the street to the other house. she's like, huh? good thing that I took up crocheting instead of just playing phone games all night. Mike he's there to stab her, but, oh, he misses again. what a loser. she stabs him in the net with the needle, and she's like, don't worry, kids, I killed him, but I don't know, he's fine. he works out his neck muscles too. he punches his way into the closet. or maybe a wire hanger will help. oh, right in the eyes, he drops the knife. she she grabs that. Oh, stabbed in the gut. she contemplates making sure he's dead, but instead drops the knife easily within his arm's reach. and wouldn't you know it, Mike he's got abs of steel. he's a sit-up master, so he's gonna strangle her for real. but dr. Loomis comes in with a gun. boom, boom. is he dead? no, man, I deflected it off my packs. deflect this, you roided-out freak. and Mikey goes tumbling off the balcony. boom. now he's definitely dead. but wait, what's this? oh, he's disappeared. and she's like, you can't kill the boogey man. and that's how Halloween comes to an end. [Music], 