hey, what's up guys. explanation pros here. today i'll explain a comedy fantasy film titled hanson and the beast. spoilers incoming. the film begins with a naked man being chased through the city by an unknown creature, desperately trying to escape the beast. the man eventually falls from the building. a narration starts stating that having relationships with mythical creatures known as yao jing is out of the question. the narrator continues that this all changed when his dad went on a blind date. the film goes back to 36 hours ago. a woman checking ewon hansen's credentials. the woman has never heard of some of the films listed on hands-on's credentials. and hanson explains that it is fairly recent and has been hit by financial problems. hanson also requests that they don't get intimate after the wedding. the woman gets furious, criticizing all his achievements as nothing notable. hansen proceeds to stand and walk away, but he gets stopped by the woman who tells him that she will give him the money he wants if he gives good service to her sister. hansa angrily shouts at her for thinking he's a call boy. and she retaliates by throwing a spoon at him. hansen then takes a kick and decides to take it with him on his way to the zoo where he works. hansen is being observed by a lady from afar. after working, hanson prepares once again for another blind date. while preparing, hansen's father video calls him on the phone, but his father is restrained, revealing that his father is detained inside a mental hospital. in a cafe, hansen is taking a picture of a cat when a girl comes into view. the girl is the lady that is observing hansen earlier. the lady introduces herself as bi telling hansen that it has been a long time since they saw each other. bai tells him that she's a fox. but hansen is not paying any attention because he sees a group of men at the door, prompting him to escape the bathroom. there the group surrounds him, with the boss of the group inside one of the bathroom stalls. they then take hansen off. the group, who are actually loan sharks, takes hansen to a secluded area. the boss tells hansen that he keeps running away instead of paying the debts. he used to make films. after demonstrating what could happen to him and reminding him of his remaining debt, the loan shark spares hansen. that night, bai approaches hanson. hansen then asks her if she's from the same group who wants him to pay. but bai replies that she really is a fox. outside, two loan sharks are stationed there to keep watch of hansen should he escape again. inside bay, tells hanson that he got a scar in his chest for protecting her when they were young. hansen wants her out, but bai wants to prove that she's really a fox. she attempts at first, but then she tells hanson that she needs to get excited first, so she wants some alcohol. hansen gives her a bottle, which she entirely jugs. immediately, she requests another after telling him it's not strong enough. after drinking the second bottle, bai reveals her true form, a giant arctic fox. she then attempts to touch hanson, but she rips hansen's clothes instead and give him a scar on the thighs because she is drunk. hansen then runs for his life. at this point, we are back to the beginning of the film. because of this, the bureau of transfiguration gets an alert, and they want to arrest her for illegally transforming. after falling from the roof, the bureau saves hansen, who then takes a selfie with him. they then wipe the witness's memory of what they have seen by using insects. bi prevents one insect from touching hansen, telling the bureau that she wants to marry hansen. the captain tells bai that she can get killed for doing that, but bi drunkenly insists on it. she then drunkenly requests them to heal hanson's wound. afterwards, she passes out vomiting on the captain's head. the man then tells the others who would draw and leave hanson behind in the streets. the following day, hansen wakes up surrounded by many girls. he quickly runs away from the scene because he has no clothes other than his boxers. hansen has to settle with a white gown. when he gets back to the zoo, he gets surrounded by the loan sharks again, however, because their memory got wiped off. the group's boss repeats his monologue from yesterday, and hansen immediately notices it. he then tells the loan sharks that he must be getting insane. by then, bai arrives to talk to hansen, asking him if he remembers her. and hansen does, making bai happy. the group that confronts hansen, but bae attacks one of them. she also partly transforms into a fox, making all of them run bye. catches hansen in an insect that is about to bite him. by then tells hansen that he could refrain from attracting the viewer of transfiguration, explaining that they supervise those who transform in the human world. bai tells him that she wants to marry him for saving her life back then. and hansen responds by saying that it is an accident only because he's the son of the owner of the zoo. she then tells hanson that she can do anything for him. and hansen has the bright idea of throwing a stick to escape, but bai is quick to fetch it back. hanson then throws a rock, and bai retrieves it, giving hansen a chance to escape. meanwhile, the bureau gets visited by the commissioner. the commissioner reminds the captain that the arctic fox is a rare beat in the yao jing world and must not be polluted by humans. the captain assures him that he will arrest bai. meanwhile, hansen is dating to marry a rich woman again. however, bai immediately walks into the discussion, getting angry at hansen for tricking her and dating again. hanson gets mad because he is doing this for his father and to pay his debt. buy then leaves without saying a word. while walking in a dark alley, hanson meets the commissioner, who introduces himself as a professor. the commissioner explains how the yao jing was formed. he explains that the meteorite that caused the extinction of the dinosaurs is actually an alien ship full of alien genetics, which then blended with the creatures of the earth, thus forming the yao jing. with the reward of money. the commissioner asks hansen for help in capturing bai. afterwards, hanson goes to a carnival where he encounters bai cleaning all the trash by then gives him a small amount of money that she gained from working, so that hansen would not marry anyone else. hansen attempts to capture bai, but he does not continue it. instead, he talks about about how he ended up with his current situation. after telling by that a fan is someone who adores you, bai tells hansen that she is his fan. hansen feels happy somehow for having a fan. but bae is nowhere to be seen when he turns around bye. then goes to a nightclub. upon seeing the huge amount of money as a reward for singing, bai participates, immediately singing for the man. on the other hand, hansen follows by to the building, searching for buy throughout the rooms. meanwhile, the commissioner walks in on the building with his goons. just as the man is about to touch by's legs, hansen prevents the whole thing, taking by out of the building. the commissioner and his goons search for buy but she is nowhere to be found. hanson admonishes bai for selling her body. he then threatens by that he will inject what the professor gave him if she ever returns there. by then tells him that the professor is actually the commissioner of the bureau. she then tells hanson that she will repay his life-saving kindness by doing anything she can for him, inviting hanson to inject her so that his debt will be repaid. but instead of injecting it, hansen instead kisses by. back in the zoo, bai cuts hers and hanson's palms. she then recites the wedding vows, making them married. she then tells hansa not to have any fans other than her, after telling by that he will be gentle, hansen gets pushed to the bed. they then make love. the commissioner talks to the man's assistant at the nightclub, revealing that she is actually a yao jing. the commissioner then instructs her to tell the yao jing has coerced her to serve as humans. and the woman tells the commissioner that it would lead to a conflict between humans and yao zhing. she then attempts to kill the commissioner, but she gets killed instead, with the commissioner framing it as if the man has killed the assistant. meanwhile, at the zoo, bai talks to hansen's father. afterwards, agents from the bureau arrives at the zoo to arrest bai, but hanson tells them that he is now married to buy just then, the commissioner enters the scene to berate bai for corrupting her pure ryan blood. the captain also arrives, asking the commissioner if he could be the one to arrest bai. the captain is actually by his childhood friend. he gives by a sermon, but this is just an act. after fake pushing the captain, bai enhance an escape, while the captain and the other agents hold them off. a fight ensues, with the captain being turned to his true form, while bi fights the agents. however, this is stopped when the commissioner threatens to kill hanson. just then the loan shark arrives at the scene. they think that it's just a cosplay event, but upon noticing that it's real, the boss decides to threaten them with what they threatened hansen earlier. however, the commissioner is not amused. after getting shot by a gun bye returns to her natural form, taking hansen to escape. after briefly escaping them bysel, gets injected by a trailing projectile from the bureau. after bye gets suppressed, hanson carries by a car arrives with by's actress friend inside of it. she then lets the lovers inside her car. inside the car, bai gets healed. they then head to a set where they are shooting a movie. bai's friend gives them disguises to blend in with the cast. the commissioner is also there with the disguise. however, the scene gets repeated a few times because bai's friend keeps saying the wrong lines. after the director gets frustrated, he tells the set to film the action scene first. bai lets hansen escape first. just as hansen is about to exit, he hears his father calling him. the commissioner then appears, threatening to hurt hansen's father. the commissioner tells hansen that his offer still stands. bai sees this, and she injects the poison to herself instead to save hansen's father. hanson cries for by. three months later, hansen is now living in a condominium. however, he feels depressed that bi is gone. he tells his father that he has been searching for bai everywhere, telling him that he will risk everything to see her again. his father then plays a video call that he had with bai. because of this, hansen returned to the zoo. however, the captain is there angrily beating up hanson for what he has done to her. after fighting, the captain tells hanson that rescuing bai is impossible. the captain then tells hanson the news, showing that the relationship between humans and yao jing has gone sour. the captain has a bright idea, and that is to transform hansen. knowing that hansen is an actor, they then go to a store to get hands. in the disguise, his face becomes that of a commissioner. afterwards, hanson and the captain proceed to the prison via bridge. they then arrived there with hansen acting over the top, slapping even the commissioner's brother-in-law, the warden. the captain, acting as hanson's assistant, tells the brother-in-law that he slapped him because of love. the brother-in-law then arranges for by's release, escorting them to buy his cell. inside the cell, hanson sees by's dismal state, attacking hanson because she is feral. outside the cell, the captain distracts the warden in the guards despite getting attacked, hansen tries to talk to bai, taking off his mass and telling bai that he regrets everything he has done to her. hansen then kisses by they then leave the cell with hansen acting as the commissioner. however, at the receptionist hall, the commissioner walks in with the news crew to see his doppelganger would buy. hanson tries to act like the commissioner, but the commissioner only has to show his wings. still, hansen continues to act, but by escaping her street jacket, attacks hansen in the face, taking off his mask. the commissioner then takes this opportunity to report the supposed mistreatment of bi by hansen in front of the camera. just as the commissioner is about to kill hanson as vengeance for yao jing's abuse by humans, the lone sharks enters the scene wearing prisoners clothes. while the commissioner tries to explain the situation to the camera, one of the lone sharks pulls the master lever, releasing all prisoners. while the chaos is ensuing, hansen takes by to a spot. on the other hand, the commissioner is furious, extrajudicially killing the prisoners. and the news reporter is live reporting this. the captain performs a surprise attack, pulling the commissioner down to be attacked by the prisoners. afterwards, having all his feathers plucked, the commissioner attempts to kill bai, but hanson gets in the way. seeing this, bai remembers everything, returning back to normal. she then gets angry at the commissioner, throwing him off the building. hanson then tells bai to call the ambulance. in the next scene, the commissioner is arrested. the film earlier is cancelled and bias marriage has been made legal. meanwhile, bai and hanson go to bias relatives on an underwater train. the film ends with the narrator telling the audience that she is bian hansen's child, who is given the name destiny. thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and also subscribe to my channel for more videos like this. see you in the next video. 