Welcome back to another movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of a 2016 American horror-thriller film called Don't breathe. There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Okay, let's begin. Three Detroit criminals named Rocky, Alex and Money, who survive by breaking into victims homes and stealing possessions. Rocky wishes to go to California with her younger sister, Diddy, to get away from their controlling mother and her alcoholic lover. To the trio's annoyance, their fence continues to undervalue the goods they deliver. Norman Nordstrom, a Gulf War veteran, has $300,000 in cash in his house in an abandoned Detroit area, according to a tip from their fence. The money was said to be a compensation after his daughter was murdered in a vehicle accident by a rich young woman named Cindy Roberts. Nordstrom is blind, and the three of them discover this while spying on the house. The group approaches the house late at night, drugs Nordstrom's rottweiler dog, and then breaks in. Nordstrom's bedroom is equipped with a sleeping gas bottle, thanks to Money. When Money sees a closed basement door, he believes the loot is inside and shoots the lock. Nordstrom is awoken by the disturbance, and he overpowers Money, grabs the gun, and murders him while Rocky and Alex watch calmly. Rocky sees Nordstrom examine his belongings in a secret safe. She unlocks the safe and grabs the money after he departs. Nordstrom, on the other hand, discovers Rocky and Alex's shoes and thinks there are more burglars, returning to find the safe empty. Rocky and Alex sneak into the basement, avoiding Nordstrom. They discover a pregnant lady who exposes herself to be Cindy Roberts, who is bound and gagged. Rocky and Alex manage to release her and unlock the storm cellar entrance. Nordstrom fires at them, killing Cindy in the process. Nordstrom sobs and cries out in pain over her body. He then turns out the lights, completely darkening the basement. Alex knocks Nordstrom out after a blind pursuit and fight, and they run upstairs. They confront the dog, who has awoken, and run into the bedroom after sealing the cellar entrance. Rocky makes his way out of the room via a ventilation duct. Alex gets knocked out after falling out of a window into a skylight. Nordstrom seems to kill Alex with a pair of garden shears after shooting out the skylight and cornering him in the utility room. Rocky is pursued by the dog into the vents before she is apprehended by Nordstrom. Rocky is confined in the basement when he wakes up. Cindy was pregnant with a 'replacement' for Nordstrom's daughter, according to Nordstrom. He then prepares to use a turkey baster to artificially inseminate Rocky, vowing to let her free after she has given him a child. Alex saves Rocky and arrests Nordstrom after surviving by duping Nordstrom into stabbing Money's body. Rocky and Alex attempt to exit via the front door. Nordstrom manages to get free and kills Alex. Rocky bolts as the dog closes in on her. She captures the puppy in her trunk, but Nordstrom captures her again. Rocky disorients him by setting off the alarm system after being pulled back into his house, then strikes him repeatedly in the head with a crowbar and drags him down the basement. As he collapses, the pistol discharges into his side. Rocky flees before the cops come, believing he is dead. Rocky and Diddy later come upon a news storey about the event. In self-defense, Nordstrom, who is recuperating in a hospital, is said to have murdered two invaders (Alex and Money). He makes no mention of Rocky or the money that was taken. Rocky and Diddy travel to Los Angeles by train. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 