Hi, Israq21 here. This Movie is called a perfect murder and released in 1998 This is a spoiler content video Enjoy the video and let's start the story The movie begins with a scene of making love between a wife and her mistress. After being satisfied, the woman went home and met her husband, the woman was named Emily, and her husband was named Steven they are getting ready to attend a party, Emily doesn't seem to like her husband, because she doesn't love him. when they arrived at the party, they were immediately greeted by important people. in the party, Emily also saw her mistress named, David. then she signaled that her husband was here. when her husband was busy talking. Emily went to see David and going to kiss him. Suddenly, Steven came and surprised them. Emily who was shocked, immediately introduced David to her husband. Emily said David was a talented painter who had studied art at a well-known faculty. So Steven was interested and asked for David's phone number, maybe he is interested to buy some paintings. The next day, Emily came to visit David's house, and they sleep together again. On the other hand, Steven got into a problem where his stock investment decreased which made his company lose a lot. back to Emily, when She is making love suddenly Steven called David, they panicked and apparently Steven want to meet with David. When David already met Steven at the bar, he accidentally dropped a white envelope on his chair, so what's in the envelope? we don't know yet. Then David also brought Steven to his house which looked shabby and uninhabitable. Steven saw David's painting, and immediately insulted him. David was confused about why Steven insulted his painting, even Steven bluntly said that David's house was really ugly because it didn't have a chair In the house, There is also Emily's wedding ring which he forgot so Steven is even more sure about his wife's infidelity Steven also said that he was jealous of David's affair with his wife David replied by saying that he loved Emily This made Steven even more angry and revealed all David's secrets Which is David lied that he was an art graduate at a well-known faculty it turned out that his painting skills he got while in prison David also cheated on a widow in San Francisco and currently david is still a fugitive Steven also offered David 500,000 dollar on the condition that David had to kill Emily at first David refused but he was threatened with reporting, because David did not want to go back to prison he accepted the offer, then Steven also told all his plans so David could easily enter his house to kill emily So here the question arises why does Steven want to kill his wife? Then steven returned home and entered the white envelope which turned out to contain a photo of david and emily's affair, the letter was made as if it was sent by david on the other hand, Emily meets her friend at a bar she says that she doesn't love steven so she wants a divorce and tells her affair And Here Emily realized that her wedding ring was left at David's house When Emily came home Steven said that he had come to David's house and made a deal with him. Emily was confused and curious about the deal The next day, Emily immediately called David, and ask him about the deal, but David didn't want to tell her. David instead changed the topic by taking Emily to lunch the next day After that, David went to Steven's house which looks luxurious with expensive things. Steven explains his plan to kill Emily, from the entrance, until how to unlock the house. At first, David wasn't sure that the plan would work, but Steven convinced David by paying him 100,000 dollar first, if David succeeded, the 400,000 dollar would also belong to David, David was immediately excited to see that much money. The next day, when Emily wanted to keep her lunch appointment with David Suddenly, he met Steven on the street and immediately invited him to lunch too. After lunch, David saw Emily with his husband, whereas David was waiting for her, David became jealous and destroyed Emily's face painting. Suddenly, Emily called and said, that she wanted to tell Steven about her affair. When she came home from work, Emily put the key in the place, as usual, then she approached Steven to ask him to talk, Emily wanted to be honest, but Steven refused on the grounds, that he was going to play cards with his business friend. Emily went into the room, and Steven took the key that Emily had placed earlier, and keep it under the pipe so that later David can enter. Steven also said goodbye to Emily, as if his wife would die by saying goodbye. When Steven leaves the house, a masked man enters his house. While Emily was getting ready to take a shower, then the masked man took the key and went straight into the house. On the other hand, Steven was waiting for 9 o'clock. at exactly 9 o'clock, he made an automatic call to his house Emily who heard the phone keep ringing went to pick it up, and suddenly the masked man attacked her. Emily was strangled almost to death, she tried to fight but failed. Emily didn't want to give up so easily, and immediately took the meat thermometer, then stabbed the masked man's neck. Emily who was shocked because she had killed someone, finally fainted. Steven thinks that Emily already dead, so he resumed his card game. When Steven came home, he was shocked to see a lot of blood, and Emily was still alive. Steven immediately saw the body in the kitchen, and used gloves then took the key in the man's pocket, and put it back into Emily's key. after that, the police came, and asked Emily. Emily said she only took calls, then someone was coming. Later, the detective asked Steven a question, because the detective saw Steven's footprints near the body. Steven answered nervously, and the detective suspected him. When the mask was opened, it turned out that it wasn't David, but someone else. Steven was very surprised then Steven hugs Emily, so the police don't suspect him. when the black bag is brought out David looks sad because he thinks Emily is dead because of the trauma emily temporarily wants to stay at her mother's house steven told emily to sleep after that, emily instead called david who was frustrated, david didn't have time to pick it up and instantly david was excited again after knowing emily was still alive, when re-calling it was steven who picked it up Then David and Steven are meeting somewhere Steven felt that David was playing joke with him, because David hired someone to kill Emily , why not himself? David asks what is the next plan, but Steven doesn't want to tell his plan Emily, who was feeling better, came back to her house, but it turned out that she couldn't enter because her house key didn't match, so she asked the receptionist for a spare key, and she asked whether Steven had changed her house key? the receptionist said? NO. Emily came in and saw her house, suddenly Steven came, which made Emily very surprised then Emily said, that she no longer wanted to live with Steven Now, Emily also lives at her friend's house, In the house, they discuss about her marriage, So emily is a woman who is very rich, She has a wealth of 100 million dollars, which is if emily dies then her wealth will be inherited by her husband, But Emily's husband is also rich, so Emily doesn't suspect her husband, The next day, Emily is told that her husband is in danger of going bankrupt, because of his messy stock investment, Now, Emily becomes suspicious that her husband is the one who wants to kill her, He also went to the detective who took care of the case, and got the address of the masked man, Emily immediately rushed to the masked man's apartment, In the apartment, Emily was very surprised because the key she had, could open the door of the apartment, so it turned out that the key that Steven took that night, it was the key from the masked man on the other hand, David meets with Steven and asks for the remaining 400,000 dollar, otherwise he will distribute the sound recording of Emily's assassination plot, Well, to be safe, Steven agree to give the remaining 400,000 dollars when steven and emily met he also asked why the killer's key was in my lock string? Steven immediately gave a photo of her affair. Steven also lied and made up a story for Emily. He said that David asked him for money to break his relationship with Emily. Steven also said that David lied about himself, David is a fugitive from the police and just wants to take Emily's property Hearing that, Emily regretted and apologized to Steven, steven is really cunning Then steven went to take the 400,000 dollars to David's house but there David only left a note and Emily's ring The note then took Steven to a place When meeting Steven, he gave him the 400,000 dollars When Steven meets with David, he gave him the 400,000 dollars to david David immediately ran away as far as possible by train, but it turned out that steven was really sneaky, he already knew that david booked a ticket to canada, so steven suddenly appeared and killed david and then took the money back he also found that david had sent a voice recording his assassination plan to Emily Steven was very panicked and rushed home and luckily Emily had not had time to check the mail, finally, Steven took the tape and put it in the safe along with the 400,000 dollars. Emily also realized that steven was already home, Now, steven felt very relieved When Steven went to the bathroom, Emily saw the bag that should have been given to David Emily also told steven that she wanted to change the house key because she couldn't find the key Steven was surprised by what Emily said, then Steven took the key in the pipe and intended to return the key again but Steven was caught and Emily then Emily immediately played Steven's voice recording so now it was revealed that Steven had planned to kill Emily Emily tried to run away but Steven blocked it Steven was annoyed then slammed Emily and until finally, Steven died because he was shot by Emily, so emily got the gun and the tape from steven's safe box when the detective comes Emily plays the tape, then explains what happened during the fight with steven, the detective says "What else can you do?" which means emily is not guilty of this murder and the movie is over Thank you for watching this video, I hope you enjoy it. Please, give me thumbs up and click the subscribe button. See you on another video 