welcome back to movietella. first of all, thank you for your continued support. your support is the reason i keep making movie recap videos. spoiler alert, movie plot and twists will be revealed, so you may want to go watch the movie first. this time i'm gonna treat you to a 2007 post-apocalyptic action thriller film called i am legend. three years after the outbreak in 2012, u.s army virologist ltc, robert neville lives an isolated life in the deserted ruins of manhattan, unsure if any other uninfected humans are left. neville's daily routine includes experimenting on infected rats to find a cure for the virus, searching for food and supplies, and waiting each day for any survivors who might respond to his continuous recorded radio broadcasts, which instruct them to meet him at midday at the south street seaport. flashbacks revealed that his wife, zoe and daughter marley died in a helicopter accident during the chaotic evacuation of manhattan. as the military was enforcing a quarantine of the island, neville himself stayed behind with other military personnel neville's only companion is his german shepherd, samantha. and to cope with his loneliness, he regularly talks to some mannequins and the characters on film recordings from video stores. at night, he barricades himself with sam inside his heavily fortified washington square park home to hide from the darkseekers. one day, as neville hunts a deer, sam pursues it into a dark building. neville cautiously goes in after her and locates the deer's corpse along with sam, but discovers the building is infested with dark seekers. both escape unharmed, and the attacking darkseekers are killed by the sunlight. neville finds a promising treatment derived from his own blood, so he sets a snare trap and captures a female dark seeker. a male dark seeker attempts to pursue them, but is halted by the sunlight and returns to the shadows. back in his laboratory in the basement of his house, neville treats the females, seemingly without success. the next day, neville notices fred, a mannequin, usually at the local video store, positioned outside grand central terminal. and shoots him. in confusion, however, neville realizes he is being watched by the dark seekers from within nearby buildings. as he approaches fred's body, he is ensnared in a trap similar to the one he used to capture the female, and is rendered unconscious after hitting his head. by the time he wakes up, the sun is setting, and he is attacked by infected dogs. neville and sam eliminate them, but sam is bitten during the fight. neville injects her with a strand of his serum, but when she shows signs of infection, neville is forced to strangle her to death before she turns. heartbroken and driven by rage, neville ventures out and deliberately attacks a group of dark seekers the following night, before he is rescued by a pair of immune humans, anna and a young boy named ethan, who have traveled from maryland after hearing his broadcast. they transport the injured neville back to his home, where anna explains that they survived the outbreak aboard a red cross evacuation ship from sao paulo and are making their way to a survivor's camp in bethel, vermont. neville argues that no such survivor's camp exists and continues working to cure the female darkseeker. the next night, a group of dark seekers who tracked anna and neville the night before invade the house. neville, anna and ethan retreat into the basement laboratory, sealing themselves in with the female test subject, discovering that the last treatment was successful. neville assesses the situation as the darkseeker, alpha male, rams himself against a glass door to break in. the alpha male dark seeker creates a butterfly shape while attempting to break through the glass to the laboratory. neville realizes he is referencing the butterfly-shaped tattoo on the female darkseeker's neck, and that the alpha male is trying to recover his mate. neville puts his gun down and returns the female. neville and the alpha male stare each other down, where neville apologizes to the latter. after seeing tears roll down the alpha male's eyes. the alpha male contemplates killing neville, but departs with the rest of his clan. once they are gone, a shocked neville looks over at the many photographs of his test subjects and realizes that he has become a monster in the eyes of the infected, showing remorse for the experiments he has undertaken over the years. the next morning, neville abandons his research and heads along with anna and ethan to vermont as a changed man, in the hope of finding the survivor's colony. they cross the george washington bridge while anna delivers a hopeful monologue ending with the statement, you're not alone. if you enjoyed this video, help me grow my channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 