hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a fantasy horror film, dark shadows. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. in the year 1760, the young colin and his wealthy family set sail from england to the new world, establishing their family business in maine and building a grand estate called colinwood. many years later, now adult colin is raped kiss some day by the family servant, who's secretly a witch. driven by her deep jealousy of his love to his fiancee. the witch then, by use of her dark magic, murders his parents and makes the fiance fall from a cliff to her death. in despair, colin throws himself after her, but he survives from the fall, which has shown that he's cursed by the witch through eternal suffering as a vampire. the witch later bewitches the whole town against colin and buries him alive. two hundred years later, someday, a young girl, victoria, who looks like colin's dead fiance, travels to collinwood to fill the position of governess provided by the collin family is no longer prosperity compared to the old days. there, victoria meets the matriarch elizabeth and her several family members. victoria is assigned to teach the young boy who always claims that he can see his late mother's ghost. but already sick of the boy's bad jokes, the family never take it seriously. that night, however, while unpacking her luggage, victoria is visited by the dead fiance's ghost, who's mistaken by victoria to be the boy. the ghost just keeps telling victoria that he's coming back some day. at night, the construction crew happened to unearth a mysterious coffin underground and free the vampire collin from his tomb. he apologetically feeds on their blood, though, makes his way to colin wood. perplexed by the modern day technology and fashion he encounters arriving at the manor, he hypnotizes the caretaker into his service. he's later treated an uninvited psychopath before the elizabeth family. but as elizabeth is shown the matter secret passages and hidden treasure, she believes that the legends of her long-lost ancestor are true. wary though, elizabeth introduces colin to the family as a distant relative from england, with plans to reclaim the collins fortune. the family members all feel a little bit unpleasant by the so-called relative from nowhere, while colin seems to fall deeply for victoria, a girl who looks like his long dead fiance. colin then declares his plan to restore the family's former glory in the collins cannery business, which was, however, taken over by a rival company long ago. but colin never knows that the owner of that company is actually the witch who survived for centuries and gets to know the unearthed coffin from underground. still in hate of such rude man who didn't accept her love centuries ago, she then visits the collin wood intending to provoke the weak colon. colin falls into despair before her strong power. but with the encouragement from elizabeth, colin later follows his plan to restore the cannery business and remodel the collin wood with the hidden treasure. as the time goes by, he also develops his relationship with victoria. he even hypnotizes the local dealer to close the business, who turns him down, originally for the past cooperation with the witch's company. while the live-in psychiatric doctor later gets to know colin's true nature as a vampire feeding on blood. she's shocked and rushes to tell elizabeth, who however, turns totally blind to her ancestors feeding on innocent people's blood, for she cares only the family's business and glory, while hoping to change himself back to human so as to live a normal life together with victoria. colin then allows the doctor to drain his blood in search of a cure. on the other side, outraged by the collins family business improving again, the which want to buy him away from this market, turning down her proposal, though colin can't get rid of her seducing so he lets go of his hormone over such a hot and wild body. but colin begins to regret the fast sex soon after his hormone release, trying to win her darling's heart, which proposes to operate business together, but she's refused. again, colin hosts a grant party at collinwood for the entire town to witness his prosperous family business. he finds victoria that night, who reveals that she's always haunted by the ghost presumably colin's dead fiance. she was later sent to an insane asylum by her parents, but she escaped and was drawn to colinwood. victoria then returns colin's affections, and they kiss romantically, right to the witch's dismay, whose fire of jealousy is lit up again, hoping to return back to the normal life with victoria. colin visits the doctor for any findings, but he discovers the doctor. rather than search the cure for him, transfuses his blood into her body so as to age herself. cheated by the doctor, colin sucks all her blood to death and throws her body into the deep sea. he later confronts elizabeth's brother, who's trying to steal the hidden family treasure. he gives the brother two choices, to become a better father to his son, or to leave columnwood with enough money to live out his life elsewhere. ironically, the brother chooses the latter. embarrassed by his father, the boy runs back to his room, but nearly gets struck by a falling disco ball. colin saves him with supernatural speed, but catches fire in the daylight, which reveals himself as a vampire to the shocked household. victoria is horrified by her vampire lover and runs away in despair. holland meets the witch and begs her to remove the curse on him. the witch, however, wants his love in exchange. she turns into burst by his continuous refusal. so she traps him into a coffin and sends him away to a tomb. she then destroys the collins cannery business by big fire, which draw the attention of the whole town. she then rallies the town people against the vampire colinwood, where, to her surprise, colin shows up to confront her. it's shown that colin is later set freed by the boy under the guidance of his mother's ghost. but during the following battle, colin can't get any upper hand over the powerful witch, who enchants the house to turn against the family. she even reveals her responsibility for the deaths of the boy's mother and colin's parents before she is about to terminate colin forever, but gets distracted by the boys shouting. she then want to kill the boy first. while at that critical moment, the ghost of the boy's mother shows up and screams at the witch with deadly impact wave. the witch is then blown far away, hanging to the ceiling light, where she offers to her long-loved colin, her heart, which crumbles into ashes as she dies. after that, colin rushes to find victoria, who tries to end her life before the cliff because she believes she is a mortal, can't get any love from the vampire collin, who could never die while she's aging. by the time, she then steps off the cliff, while colin leaves after her and catches her, biting her as they plummet to the bottom. victoria awakens in colin's arms as a vampire, and they passionately kiss to each other. in the final scene, somewhere deep in the ocean, the dr eyes suddenly flash open. this is daniel cc. movie review. 