[Music]. The Walking Dead, Season 9 has just dropped. it's midseason finale. and whilst the show won't be back until 2019, that doesn't mean that there isn't a lot to unpack. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down the teaser trailer for episode 9, as well as giving my predictions for what could happen down the line. there are huge spoilers here for episode 8, so if you aren't fully caught up, then I suggest that you turn off now. for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. episode 9 of The Walking Dead is fittingly called new enemy. and I think it's a pretty safe bet to assume that we will be focusing heavily on the introduction of the whisperers. in the teaser trailer, we see that the group managed to make it back from the cemetery in which Jesus was killed. we then get a clip of the funeral for the character. I've seen a couple people say that Jesus is not dead, and that you can in fact, see him breathing. however, this confirms his departure. the actor the place the character has also confirmed that he will no longer be in the show, so it seems likely to be true. in a voiceover, we are told that there's a new enemy, and we get a couple of shots of bida. Peter is a high-ranking member of the whisperers that eventually becomes the group's leader after the demise of alpha beta. is completely wrapped up in his persona as a whisperer and refuses to remove the mask he wears over his face. he is massively protective over it, and kills allies and enemies without question when they ask him to take it off. he's about seven foot tall and is a massively dominant character. I loved seeing him in this teaser. and he actually has an extremely interesting backstory. before the apocalypse, a beer was a famous basketball player and actor, and he starred in several movies and car commercials. to me, he's become completely enveloped in this new role as a zombie apocalypse survivor, and I can't wait to see what the show does with him. the trailer also hints that the group of infiltrated the whisperers hideout, but I doubt that taking it down will be easy. it also appears that they might be showcasing that some characters may switch sides. and there's a tease that daryl may, in fact, have more on with the whisperers than he does his old friends. another huge hint in the teaser trailer of what could happen is the fall of the kingdom. Carroll says to Ezekiel, this could be your last chance. and in an exchange with Michonne, Sadiq asks, what does it mean for Alexandria to survive if Kingdom falls? to me, the show is definitely setting up the fall of Kingdom. and I personally think that writing out the location makes a lot of sense. currently in the show, there are so many different strongholds that it's becoming difficult to give all of them that required time they need to fully develop. so it makes a lot of sense for me to write out the kingdom. the trailer closes with a shot of alpha in a puddle, which confirms that the whisperers are here to stay. alpha is even worse than beta, and since the apocalypse, has done many brutal things in the comic book, she physically and emotionally abused her own daughter and allowed several people to rape her. in the comics, negan is the one who kills her and beautifully beheads her. and I can't wait to see if this is carried over to the show in season 9. so what are your thoughts on what will happen when season 9 returns? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the mid-season finale, which will be linked at the end of this video. this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 