after experiencing life at the beach, arisu and usagi determined that life at the beach is not for them. most of the residents at the beach were quite happy with the lifestyle they enjoyed, and were quite loyal to the leader, hatter. when arisa found a container full of rotting corpses, it shows that hatter was deadly serious about the death to the traitor's rule. the character silver hare, whose name is kaise aya, introduced himself to arisu and yusuji. as suspected, he and kuana have an ulterior motive. kaiseia was planning to steal all the playing cards and escape from the beach. the militants were due to take over any time now, and the beach will not be as nice once the militants have taken over. naragi's psychopathy is on full display when hatter's corpse returns from a failed game attempt. while intimidating all the other executives into electing a gunny as the new leader. at gunpoint, he starts beating hatter's corpse with the butt of his rifle, which is very disrespectful, as the militants were now in charge. this gave kaizhiya the opportunity he needed. as there was a change in leadership. the new number one must know the code for the safe that contains the beach's collection of playing cards. kaizeia, using his considerable deductive abilities, figured out the code is the 8055, or boss, and sent arisa to break into the safe during a gunny's inauguration speech. unfortunately, arisa was caught in the act, and naragi viciously beats him unconscious. aerosol was held captive in a room until his visa expired. meanwhile, anne performs an autopsy on hatter and discovers that hatter was executed. and kaiseia, having learned from aerys failure, realized that the real safe was behind a painting and successfully stole the playing cards. yusuji was not safe, as naragi wanted to attack her. suddenly, the lights went out. kaishiya and kuna discovered that a laser border had been erected around the beach. it had become a game arena. the next game was going to involve everyone to play for the ten of hearts card. when everyone assembled in the foyer, they found monica dead, having been stabbed in the chest. the game is called witch hunt. the objective was to figure out who killed monica within the next two hours and burned the murderer in the pyre outside the building. [Music], you 