welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and with the Italian stallion, Sylvester Stallone, back on our screens is Rambo, it's time to break down everything that you need to know about the film. and sending rambo last blood, or rambo number 5, is, i think it should be called, is a blast from start to finish. and throughout this video, i'm going to be discussing the major plot points and giving my review of the film as a whole. i've seen this movie picking up a lot of negative press online from outlets, so make sure you stick around until the end hear my thoughts on why i think they're all wrong. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the film yet and don't want to know what happens, then i highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, i just want to give a huge thank you for quickness video. now let's get into a breakdown of rambo last blood. the film picks up over 10 years after the events of rambo 4, and the titular character is living a simple life on the farm that we last saw him, walking towards rambo looks after his friend and her niece, Gabrielle, and the to have a close-knit bond that has finally brought some happiness to the characters life. Gabrielle's father up and left her a decade earlier, and she's been desperate to find him, to ask why he up sticks on her and her dying mother. so when words of his whereabouts is given to her, she travels to Mexico to meet him. after he pretty much slams the door in her face and tells her that he didn't care about her or a mother. Gabrielle goes to drown his sorrows with the childhood friend, who just so happens to be working for a gang of human traffickers. and they take Gabrielle prisoner, which sets off John on a mission to try and track her down. it's a really slow start to the film that flashes out the world that our characters exist in. and from the beginning, you get the feeling that this won't have a happy ending. now, whilst I have seen this compared to take in ba, the premise there's actually very little that similar rambo is less indestructible than he was in prior movies. and his first attempt to rescue Gabrielle goes terribly and he ends up getting a deep scar cut into his face that is a reminder of its failure. this scar is the mark of the Martinez brothers, the villains of the piece, and they too do the same to Gabriel's face, treating her as humane is possible. due to the disrespect that they feel at the hands of Rambo, they brutally beat him, but leave him alive so that he can constantly think about all of the pain and torment that she's going through. these guys aren't your cookiecutter villains, and they make a James Bond body seem like Gandhi. their dark, twisted and lack a sense of decency, which instantly makes you gravitate to Rambo. and similar to the prior film, you really get involved when the killings finally start. at about the halfway point of the film. after receiving help from a journalist named Carmen, Rambo is able to find Gabrielle and rescue her, but on the way home, she dies. shedding a tear after Rambo discusses how proud he is over it's a really heartbreaking moment. and it's a turn that I didn't expect, purely because I was pretty much assuming this to be like taken, and for everything to end with a nice bow wrapped around it. devastated. Rambo doesn't take the high road and decides that the best course of action is to take revenge. and the Martinez brothers and the gang he and Gabrielle Santee, say that they feel like they've had their hearts go out. and Rambo wants to do this to the brothers. the last 45 minutes of the film pretty much becomes the final hour of Breaking Bad, season 5. and it's awesome to watch the character setting up traps home alone style, purely because he knows that he can bait their mouth and make them suffer. Rambo travels back to Mexico, but heads to the Martinez brother that cut the mark on his face and dumps his head in the road on the way to his house, basically painting a target on his back that says, follow me into the tunnels. I promise it's fun down here. the gang follow him back, and Rambo unleashes all the airs of rage that he's been keeping the lid on, completely decimating them in what is arguably one of the best action scenes in the entire franchise. it's up there with the 50 Cal moment in the previous film, and is completely incredible to watch. it's rare that we see an r-rated action movie that really goes to this depth. and watching Rambo completely tear through everyone is as satisfying as ever. during the struggle, Rambo takes a couple of shots, but it keeps on fighting, which sort of plays into the end, which I'll get into later. he finally kills all of Martinez's men, refusing to kill Martinez until there's no one left standing. and in the barn, he asks if he knows what it's like to have his Hocker out, before driving his knife into the villains chest, pulling his heart out with his hands and letting it beat in front of the car out there before he dies. it's such a gory, over-the-top moment that is the perfect final kill for the franchise. let see know that Rambo has and always will be one of the most badass heroes of all time. badly wounded, Rambo climbs to his rocking chair on his porch and sits rocking back and forth. as he bleeds out his gut, shot which cuts two credits and a montage of the movies and the franchise, thus ending the film. now I've seen a lot of people asking whether he was alive or dead at the end. and for those who didn't hang around until after the credits, we do see the character get up, saddle up his horse and ride off. Rambo says in the narration that though his family and the ones they cares about are gone, he's still going to keep going in order to carry on their memory. he will fight on in order to keep them alive in some form or another. he's not giving up, and he's not going to stop. even with that wound, Rambo is unstoppable. so I highly doubt that this will be the last we see of him. I'm not the only one either, as when promoting the film, Sylvester Stallone himself said that there is potential for more films after last blood and that this is only the beginning. so whilst the wound is pretty bad, it looks like we will be getting more films in the future with the character. so bets call the next one Rambo new blood. look, I don't know. I don't make up the titles yet, but there's definitely an opportunity for more down the line. and now on to my review and why media outlets are unnecessarily giving negative reviews on Rambo. last blood, I'm gonna be focusing on IGN mainly, who gave the film a 4.5 out of 10. but I've seen a lot of criticism that the reviewer made repeated on Rotten Tomatoes quite a lot from other reviewers. what it boils down to is that the movie is apparently too offensive for today's current political climate. and as always, it's a small minority of people who are massively offended making all of the noise, when I guarantee that 90% of the population don't really care. the reviewer actually went on to say that Rambo was badass, but in all word like most Rambo movies, which to me, pretty much highlights that they haven't seen the other films. first blood was about a predominantly white enemy, and Rambo 3 even had the character teaming up with the people of Afghanistan to take on the white Russian forces. the reviewer flat-out says that Rambo isn't needed in 2019, which I completely disagree with. and here's why, when everything is deemed too offensive, Rambo is exactly what we need. Rambo is a film that doesn't care about his sensibilities or feelings. it's in-your-face aggressive. and if it's offending you, then you probably need to get a grip, because at the end of the day, it's just a movie. I don't know how these people even leave their house if an action movie scares them and seems problematic. and I know that the majority of people that are fans of Rambo will watch this and enjoy it. I feel like the negative reviews have been because people have tried to put their own personal politics on a movie that doesn't really care and is doing its own thing. if you're going to review a piece of entertainment, you should push your personal feelings to the side and judge something on its merits, rather than if you think it aligns with your personal beliefs, as it's not supposed to. Rambo is about taking an extreme situation, turning it up to 11 and going all out. to me, it's ridiculous that so-called film critics are crying about the violence in the movie when it's always been part of the franchise who goes to a Rambo movie, expects a Rambo movie, gets a Rambo movie, and then complains that it's a Rambo movie. it's just I rolling to me. and I think that IGN especially should have been more selective about who they chose to review the film. this person clearly gets offended by violence, Sonoma or what happened in the movie. they were never going to enjoy it. and that's totally fine as well. they don't have to enjoy it. but when you're using someone as an ambassador for your website, you need to have someone who will have a balanced opinion, rather than a skewed view of what should and shouldn't be in a film. the movie isn't made for them. the world doesn't revolve around them. it's simply not for them. not every movie is for everyone. and if you're offended by Rambo, then it's because you're not its audience. you're not the person it's made for. I personally don't want to see Downton Abbey. it's not for me. I'm not gonna review it because I know I'm gonna give it a bad score, even if technically it's a great film. and fans, even if I did reviewer, I still wouldn't call it the r-word, as I think this would show my narrow view and understanding of the film and what its content is. I know this is coming off really runny, but it just annoys me seeing people trying to constantly be woke and get offended on behalf of other people, when this is just entertainment. at the end of the day, if you've seen Rambo for then you know exactly what to expect. why have you went into the movie with the expectations that it's going to be transcending and an action movie that completely changes the world? it's completely stupid. and I'm getting really whiny here, and I don't really want to be. but IGN massively messed up. and if you like Rambo, chances are you know what to expect and will love this movie. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the film and what you took from it. if you agree with me or disagree with me, then make sure you leave a comment below. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and make sure you check out my breakdown of this weekend's are the big release ad astra, which would be linked. at the end I go over everything you need to know about the movie. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more, if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books. and you can follow me on twitter at definition YT. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. well, so just wanna let you know that we're giving away a free copy of spider-man, far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Rambo last blood in the comments section below. the winner will be chosen at random on October the 15th, and the blue arrow be shipped out from the end. whoever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone he takes part. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time, take care. peace [Music] you 