public opinion turns against superheroes, also called supers, due to the collateral damage caused by their crime-fighting. after several lawsuits, the government silently initiates the superhero relocation program, which forces supers to permanently adhere to their secret identities. 15 years later, Bob and Helen Parr, formerly known as mr. incredible and Elastigirl, and their children, violet - and baby Jack Jack, are a suburban family. Bob dislikes the mundanity of suburbia and his white-collar job. together with his friend Lucius best, formerly known as Frozone, Bob occasionally realized the glory days by moonlighting as a vigilante. after his supervisor prevents him from stopping a mugging, Bob loses his temper and injures him, resulting in the loss of his job. returning home, Bob finds a message from a mysterious woman named Mirage, who convinces him to become mr. incredible again and gives him a mission to destroy a savage tripod like a robot called the omnijoin. on the remote island of nome Anacin, Bob finds the omnijoin and destroys it by tricking it into ripping out its own power source. Bob finds the action and higher pay rejuvenating. he improves his relationship with his family and begins a rigorous training while awaiting more work from mirages for the next two months. discovering a tear in his suit, he visits superhero costume designer Edna mode. mode, assuming that Helen knows what bob is doing, makes new suits for the entire family, leaving for no madison. once again, bob discovers mirage is working for buddy pine, a disaffected former fan whom mr. incredible had rejected as his sidekick. having adopted the name syndrome, he has been perfecting the omnijoin by hiring different supers to fight it, adding new features on the occasion that of super wins. now that it is capable of defeating bob, syndrome intends to send the machine to the city of metro Ville. there he will secretly manipulate its controls to defeat it in public, becoming a hero himself. later, he will sell his inventions so that everyone will become equally super, making the term meaningless. meanwhile, Helen visits Edna and learns what bob has been up to. Edna activates a beacon she built into the suit so Helen can find Bob, inadvertently causing him to be discovered and captured. Helen borrows a private plane to head for new Manas on the viola and - have stowed away wearing their own suits, leaving jack-jack with the babysitter. syndrom shoots down Helens plane, but she and the children survived and reached the island. helen infiltrates the base, discovering syndromes and tensions to send the omnijoin to metro Ville in a rocket. distraught by syndromes indifference when her life was threatened, Mirage releases Bob and informs him of his family survival. at the same time, helen arrives and races off with bob to find their children. - and violet are spotted and chased by a number of syndromes guards, but fend them off with their powers before reuniting with their parents. however, Syndrome captures them, leaving them imprisoned on no man ascend. while he follows the rocket to metro Ville. the Parrs escaped and traveled to metro Ville in a spare rocket. true to his programming, thomna joyed recognizes syndrome as an opponent and attacks the remote on his wrist, making him incapable of controlling it, while simultaneously knocking him unconscious. the pars and Frozone team up to fight the omnijoin. the battle is indecisive, until Bob comes across the remote, allowing him to control one of the robots arms and uses it to destroy its power source. returning home, the pars find syndrome, who plans to kidnap and raise Jack Jack as his own sidekick to exact revenge on the family. as Syndrome is traveling upward to reach his airplane, Jack Jack's own superpowers start to manifest, and he escapes from Syndrome midair. syndrome manages to get on the planing gloats, but Bob throws his own car towards the plane, causing syndrome to lose his balance and get sucked into the plane's jet engine, destroying the aircraft and killing him, while helen catches jack jack. three months later, the Parrs witnessed the arrival of a new villain called the Underminer. they put on their superhero masks, ready to face a new threat. [Music]. 