[Music], I'm scared to go with the shops when I see kids standing outside of it, like proper, proper scared, especially if one of them has a bike and a tracksuit. so the fear surrounding these films is very relatable today. juxtaposed in this we begin to see Batman's positive influence on youth. Harry Kelly Don's a Robin costume and takes off into the night, similar to the first night that Bruce returned as Batman. it's a triumphant moment that really captures the embodiment of youth in the world. ermine are just throwing yourself into something headfirst. it's full of mischief, and acts as a brilliant way to introduce the character. she really stands out amongst all the grade, and you can definitely see why Bruce would confide in her as his new ward. I think this moment actually went on to influence clocks flying. in Man of Steel, acts as a beautiful and graceful telling of finding one's feet. similar to that film, Batman's legacy and inspiration is felt throughout the city, both positively and negatively. in this issue, we see a man dressed as Batman. attempt to murder someone. it's clear that The Legend of the bat can be taken either way. and once the Caped Crusader's morality is black and white, it's nice to see that his inspiration is covered in shades of grey. and add to depth of the book that several comics are enabled to capture and elevates it to a new height. set in the background of this issue is the tales of Gothamites. they paint a clearer picture of just how ruthless and terrorizing the Gotham mob is, and it works in building tension. towards the climax, we get an astounding one-shot. this is around a woman being murdered on her way home from work. it's a really touching moment in which upon des about the odd set that she's bought for a son, and how it will allow him to go on to be a great artist. it's just silly little things that we as people think of just to get it through those tough days. so it's completely devastating when a mutant hood grabs a person, puts a grenade in it, killing her. if she finally wrestles back the purse from him. it really paints a bleak tone to the city, and it heightens Batman's importance and stopping this threat. it's one of Miller's best depictions of some nefarious, evil villains. it's the complete polar opposite to Hobley terror, let's put it that way. there's also an eerie tailing which someone shoots at the cinema. this harrowing Lee you would be echoed in real life at the premiere of The Dark Knight Rises. and it adds a somber tone. now, heightened reality of mr. booth, making it more relevant today than it was thirty years ago. the Batmobile draws down the streets take the mutant leader head-on. designing this is completely alien to what had come before, not to a tank. it really feels like a firm inable vehicle that will add credit to the fact that the police have never been able to stop Batman. it gives clear inspiration to Batman Begins and the Nolan verse. due to its uniqueness and feeling of sheer power, Batman could easily take down the meatman leader in this tank. but when the criminal towards Batman, you simply cannot ignore it. you do his death wish he just leaps out and begins to fight him head on. I think he has this need to prove to himself that he's still the man he used to be. it's very bold. he goes against the stronger man, and you badly, badly uses it really adds a human side to the dog Knight that is a far cry from the invincible man that once was. I love how this is a real learning curve for Batman that massively would go on to enforce how prepared he has to be in his later fights. like batman, the reader has given a real learning curve on the brashness of courage, and how facing things head-on isn't always the smartest choice. as our bodies deteriorate with age, we must seek wisdom. and this is clearly painted out by the fact that Batman must become smarter in this world to survive the meeting lead. and also a clear Bane prototype acts as a fulfilling burn for the Dark Knight. Batman only makes it out the fight with the help of Carrie Kelly. and this is where the two thirds interact with one another. whilst the majority of this book is timeless, the slang of the gang news, isn't it's very, very dated terms like me know, Billie and leader, no shoe, or completely laughable these days. it's like when an panel tries to write kid dialogue in a film, even though they've not seen one in 20 years because of their restraining order. those sick, sick bastards. but I digress. it really puts the book firmly in the eighties, like when you watch the Terminator 2, and there's that ginger kid with the mullet, the one who should have been terminated in the first trimester. at least that kid wasn't wearing a t-shirt with my name is rock written on it, which Rob I'm guessing, is. it's that bad. and really knocks this issue down a peg every time you read it. luckily, that's the only fault I can really give. it lead in the mutant leader back to the pit. Batman brakes the beast of a man and the mutant gang in the process. even on my 10th, 20th, however many read-throughs it's been, because I've got no life, this still stands as a blazing example of the importance of symbology. Batman destroys the group by humiliating their leader to the point that they no longer want to be associated with him and instead follow the Dark Knight's example. people will forever follow strong leadership, and it's a very cerebral way to defeat a legion of people without ever having to lay a finger on them. I absolutely love this turn in the booth, and operates as one of the best final showdown. so the Dark Knight Returns good too. avoids the sophomore cursed slightly. it paints a broad picture of the legacy that Batman's gonna leave behind eventually when he does retire, and showcases wine mythology is still so important today. well, so don't think that Miller's artwork in this issue is as strong as the first one. and some of the dialogue sounds like it was written by a trunk about 10 minutes down the script in so we just scribbled down some of the stuff that kids. we might say the fukes still stands the test of time, and that's why I'm giving it a 9. so what do you think of the Dark Knight Returns with two and do you think it still holds up the quality that the first one had? comment below. let me know if you like the mutant leader as well? reading Geordi LaForge sunglasses. I'm reviewing all of the dog that returns franchise boots in the lead up to my review of The Dark Knight 3, the master race. so make sure you subscribe my channel to keep up to date with my thoughts on every single issue and poop. thanks very much for checking out this video, and hopefully I'll see you next time. take care. [Music]. 