welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about the blackout. when an alarm is triggered at the outpost military base, soldiers take up positions and prepare for battle. it is reported that an unidentified enemy is approaching, creatures larger than humans, moving at a speed of 20 kilometers per hour. 24 days before the events of the prologue, serviceman oleg has a date with elena. later, they go back to his place. suddenly, the entire world, except for the area around moscow and parts of belarus, ukraine and finland, as plunged into darkness. the fate of billions is unknown. communications are down throughout the rest of the world, and only a small number of people have survived in the area that becomes known as the circle of life, a defensive perimeter is established and reconnaissance groups are sent out. they find that there was an attack on earth, killing almost everything. to defend against the mysterious enemy, the humans mobilize an army and outposts are built. after leaving the circle of life to conduct a reconnaissance operation, oleg stays in an abandoned house. he encounters an unknown person who easily injures him the other soldiers try to shoot the stranger, but he escapes. the action goes back to the prologue. while preparing for an unknown enemy, electricity is turned off and the outpost is plunged into darkness. after being informed that creatures bigger than humans are emerging from the forest at 20 kilometers per hour, they begin to fire, while discovering that the enemy is, in fact, a massive herd of grizzly bears. the next morning, not all soldiers had survived. among the survivors as oleg, whose leg was injured. in a hospital. oleg's doctor gives him a cast and gives a package, asking him to hand it to one person in moscow. oleg returns to moscow, and the next morning, zhenya comes to him for the same package. however, oleg refuses to give the package until he finds out what is in it. eugene begins to threaten with a pistol, but oleg selects him and himself begins to threaten them. at this moment, the newcomer, eat comes in the guise of oleg's father and tries to force him to give the package to zhenya. but oleg refuses, and eat causes temporary headaches for oleg so that they can escape with the package. oleg enrage, returns to the outpost and begins to strangle elena until she says what was in that package. she explains that she herself did not know anything, and she was simply forced, at this time, zhenya and deed, in the secret laboratory, take out the severed arm with the virus inside, from that package and realize that they are late. at this moment, eid comes to the patient, sasha, whom the soldiers brought along with him, and asks for his help, since he knows where his brother ra is, who is behind all this. four soldiers, led by marina, are pointing weapons at eid, but the latter, with the help of supernormal abilities, misleads the soldiers who are pointing weapons at marina and suggests that he explain everything to them if they save his life. during interrogation, eid explains that he is an alien from a distant star system that has long died out. they want to move to earth because, in their constellation, the star sun is still young and will live long enough. ra is behind all this, although before the eid thought he was the only one on earth, he arrived on earth another 200 000 years ago, which means that, according to his calculations, the ship with their army will be here tomorrow. the problem is that he does not know where ra is hiding, which controls the minds of ordinary people outside the circle of life. this happened because the moon, at that time, covered moscow and other small territories around it with its shadow. but the only one who knows where to find him sasha. it penetrates sasha's head, and he finds out that raw is on the roof of a skyscraper in kiriv. at that moment, raw himself looked at sasha and realized that he had been found. eve decided to leave sasha at the outpost. and raw, at that time, ordered people to launch nuclear missiles at the outpost. however, eid with zhenya and the rest of the soldiers, led by mary, remain alive as they left the base. at this time, jura joins the satellite 9 group of the outposts, and in the middle of the night finds a defenseless teenager in one of the apartments. however, he merely pretended to be shy and took away a knife from one of the soldiers, killing him. a whole crowd of people begins to attack the group under the control of ra, and only jura antholia remain alive. they hijack one of the abandoned cars and drive back to the outpost. on the way, they meet the surviving outpost soldiers, led by marina and major davlatov, from whom they learn that the outpost was destroyed by a massive missile strike. eid explains that if shenya went with them, raw would have killed them otherwise, and the outpost would have left him alone. gathered together, they go back to kirib encountering a crowd of people under the control of ra. fight through a skyscraper, climb the roof and find raw. eat and raw enter the battle, and the eid brings raw to the floor, tearing the last chest. at the last moment, yura thrusts a grenade into ra's chest and undermines it. all the people who were under the control of ra, again and again, all die and fall to the ground. only yura, oleg, marina olia, elena ede and lavren remain alive. eid explains that this number of people is enough to be reborn again as people will be able to breed and give birth to many new children. oleg is furious, trying to kill eid, but yura stands up for the alien, knocks oleg to the floor and beats him, while olya shoots him. the survivors do not believe eat and try to kill him. but with the help of superpowers, he deceives them in every way and makes them kill each other. at the last moment, lafrin betrays eid and throws him, along with himself, from the roof, dying with him in the fall. an alien ship descends from the sky next to a skyscraper, and a hatch opens. however, the aliens, for some reason, do not go out. elena, olia and oleg decide to enter the alien ship, while the injured ura shouts in their backs, we will die all the same. entering the ship, they find out that all the aliens are still sleeping in cryo capsules and have not woken up. countdown timers turn on at cryo capsules, and the three main characters decide to break the pipes for oxygen supply, thereby killing them in the capsules themselves, leaving them to die without oxygen. when it remains to destroy the last tube. it turns out that it delivers oxygen to the capsules with the alien's children. and they decide not to break it. the capsule timers reach zero, the capsules open and alien children crawl out of their capsules. when they see three representatives of planet earth in front of them, the latter voluntarily throw their weapons on the floor in front of their eyes, proving that they will not harm them. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 