the prodigy centers around a boy that possesses a genius intellect, but also has a more sinister side to him that comes out throughout the course of the film. the movie itself has a lot to unpack from it, and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the film and its ending. there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you don't want to know anything about the movie, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I watch it, so you don't have to. the film opens on the thrash Creek slasher, a serial killer that tortures young women. the mass murderer takes a lot of inspiration from Ted Bundy and uses charm to entice girls in before kidnapping and killing them. the killer's calling card is cutting off the victims right hand, and he's pretty widely feared. however, during one murder that would turn out to be his last, his victim manages to escape and alert the police, who kill him. the serial killer dies at the exact same time that child is born, and this sets up the events of the film. The Prodigy diverts from the evil child, aesthetic that we've seen in movies like The Omen, The Exorcist and more, by actually focusing on reincarnation. because the trash Creek slasher had unfinished business, the killer is left in limbo and is able to inhabit and share a body with a newly born baby named miles. this is symbolized by the fact that miles has two differently colored eyes, and showcases his connection with the killer who had the same thing. miles seemed miles ahead of people his age. sorry for the pun there. and it's clear that the boy is advanced beyond his years. throughout the film, he has conversations with himself in Hungarian, which is the language that the killer spoke, and it's clear that the two are aware of one another. in the film, we learn that at the age of eight, the more dominant personality will take full control of the body, and the film predominantly centers around Miles at this age. after causing trouble and seeming like he has a sinister side, his parents send him to a specialist who studies reincarnation and states that it's a naturally occurring part of the universe, and we often get evidence towards this. in child birth, it suggested that at the age of eight, the full control of the body makes the child lose their memory. and this is why reincarnation stories often end up with memories of the past life of being forgotten. we are then told that in order for the spirit of the serial killer - leave my else's body, they must complete his final kill. and with his mother at the to go and murder the thrash creep slashes final victim. whilst this should finally free miles, we actually learn that the killer has been in control of the body for a long time, and has only been pretending to be two people so that he can manipulate those around him into allowing his killing spree to continue. miles, his mother realizes this, and just as she is about to kill him, her neighbor stops by and kills her. this is understandable, as, in the neighbors mind that they were merely stopping the death of a child. however, this allows the killer to put back up the pretense of being a young boy. and we see down the line that miles has been adopted by a new family and is once again working on carrying out his killing spree on a whole new set of victims, thus ending the film. the movie is much better on a second watch, as you are able to see the killer keep up the pretense of being two people at once, and elevates it slightly, which, of course, adds a lot of weight to the eventual twist. similar to the omen as I mentioned earlier, it's great when a horror subverts your expectations and has an unhappy ending that shows that the good guys don't always win. I had a lot of fun with The Prodigy, and would definitely love to hear your thoughts on it. if you agree or disagree, make sure you leave them in the comments below. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the new child's play trailer that was shown before the movie, which will be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. 