hey guys. welcome back to flicks recap. my name is luke pelletier, and today we're covering 2008 iconic terror packed monster mayhem known as cloverfield. before we start, be sure to drop a like, leave a comment, and, of course, subscribe to flix recap if you dig the summary. alright, let's get to it. rob hawkins is moving to japan for a new job, so his brother jason and jason's girlfriend lily are throwing him a surprise going away party in his apartment in lower manhattan. jason asks their friend hud to record farewell messages from everyone for rob. hud obliges going around recording people's testimonials. hud's crush, marlena, also joins the party, and he records her testimonial too. later, the man of the hour, rob finally shows up to his party. he's thoroughly surprised and grateful, but is concerned that his friend beth isn't there. beth finally arrives, but she comes with a guy named travis, which clearly upsets rob. so when hud is recording beth's farewell message, rob confronts her about bringing another guy to his farewell party. turns out rob and beth have been best friends since college. but they slept together a few weeks ago, which made things a bit awkward between them. mortified after the confrontation, beth and travis leave the party. jason tells rob that he should go after beth. but in the middle of this conversation, their building is shaken up by a huge tremor, and the whole city goes dark. naturally, everybody panics. the power soon comes back on, and they all go to the roof to check out what's happening. within seconds, they witness a huge explosion. at a distance, an entire building bursts into flames, and the burning debris that shot into the sky as a result of the explosion falls on nearby buildings, including theirs, thus creating massive fires everywhere. panicked, they rush downstairs and leave the building to save themselves. everyone seems to be documenting the incident, including hud, who has been recording everything since the chaos began. soon, skyscrapers are falling to the ground like jenga towers, forcing everyone to take shelter in a grocery store. but it's more than just falling buildings. there's something a giant creature roaring and stomping outside. as they venture out of the store, hud claims that he saw the creature that was doing this, and may even have it on tape, since he was recording the whole time. but when he checks the camera, the recording from that day is all gone. marlena backs him up, saying that she also saw the creature eating people. anyway, they're all instructed by police officers at the scene to walk along brooklyn bridge towards brooklyn. meanwhile, rob receives a call from beth and has to stop to hear her voice clearly. jason, who gets separated from the rest of the party, shouts out to ask lily why they had stopped. but he doesn't see the hand of the monstrous creature coming at him from above, and gets crushed to death. there's no time to think, and they all have to run away with the crowd as the bridge starts to collapse. lily is heartbroken, as is rob. meanwhile, mayhem surrounds them as people start vandalizing shops. rob suddenly remembers that beth was trying to say something on the phone, but his phone is dead. and so he looks for a spot to charge it. he goes into an electronics store, and hud, lily and marlena, who are now the only ones still together from the party, follow him. on one of the tvs in the store, they see the footage of the creature walking around the bridge. apparently the army has been assembled to handle the situation in lower manhattan, and everyone else is being evacuated. terrified by the footage of the creature, hud is begging rob to leave the electronics store, but rob wants to listen to beth's voicemails first, because he senses that she may be hurt. and sure enough, beth needs his help because her apartment wall fell over her and she's unable to move. rob decides to go back to help her, even though hud and the others try to stop him. but rob has already made up his mind, and lily wants to go with him to help out. in an attempt to stop them, hud and marlena end up following them too. but soon the creature makes another horrifying appearance and the military start firing at it. the group starts running, and barely makes it past the creature into a subway station. rob suggests that they should walk along the tracks through the tunnels to reach the area where beth lives. as they walk with the camera lighting their way, a rumble startles them. they see that rats are running away from something, which makes them panic. as rob turns the camera's night vision mode on, they see terrifying, giant insect-like creatures running right at them. they start sprinting into the darkness, but the creatures are too fast. one of them attacks lily, but rob and marlena fight them off. they manage to get through a door and keep the insects out. but one of the insects has bitten marlena pretty badly. rob thinks that the only way they may be able to survive is if they go upstairs and try to find a safe spot. so they set out and reach another platform. this is when they notice a very bright light shining through one of the exits. they go in to investigate, and realize that the light was coming from a makeshift military triage and control center. the commanding officer asks a soldier to have them checked up for injuries and evacuated on a chopper. rob requests them to let him go help beth, but nobody thinks that's a good idea. meanwhile, marlena has started bleeding from her eye and is now feeling dizzy. the officers notice this and panic when they realize that she's been bitten. they say that she needs to be quarantined and immediately take her to a different unit. but when they said quarantine, what they meant was murdered. they apparently kill her to contain whatever parasite that bite may be spreading. rob lily and hud can't do anything as they're literally dragged away by the soldiers. one of them is willing to let them go to save beth, but he warns them that the government is planning on initiating the hammer down protocol, which means that they will bomb the entirety of manhattan if their last attempt at killing the creature doesn't work. he also tells them that the last evacuation choppers leave at 6 00 am. so rob lily and hud get to beth's neighborhood, only to find that her building is leaning dangerously on another upright one. they can't go directly to beth's place because she lives on the 39th floor. hud suggests that they go to the roof of the upright building and figure out a way to cross over into beth's building. so they climb every flight of stairs to reach the roof and somehow cross over into beth's building. rob kicks down beth's apartment door and finds her lying there unconscious. when rob calls out to her, she regains consciousness. they pull her out of the rubble and try to stop her bleeding. but the creature is now heading towards their building. they hurriedly get out of the apartment, get back to the roof and cross over to the upright building. they get out of the building and run away from the creature towards the spot where the evacuation chopper is stationed. but lily gets separated and put into a different chopper from the other three. rob hud and beth sight the creature from their chopper, and for a second, it seems like the missile is continuously being dropped on it. have finally managed to kill it. but out of nowhere, it leaps back towards the sky and hits their chopper, which then plummets to the ground. hud's camera continues to record, even though they're all unconscious. and it can be heard on the radio in the chopper that the military is initiating the hammer down protocol in 15 minutes because the creature is still alive. they regain consciousness soon, and beth and hud drag rob out of the chopper since he's stuck. they want to get away from the area, but hud remembers that he forgot his camera. he comes back to get it, without realizing that the creature is right behind him. out of sheer fear, he freezes and the creature attacks him. rob and beth try to save him, but it's too late. they take his camera and hide under a bridge. but they're not safe anywhere. the creatures coming towards them, and the army is about to bomb the entire city. helpless and distraught, they decide to stay put. as the film ends, the bridge they're hiding under is hit by a bomb, and it's suggested that they're both killed in the explosion. this installation of the cloverfield universe is much less of a story and much more of a watch for the chaos kind of flick. be sure to drop a like if you dug the summary, and of course, subscribe to the channel so you don't miss the next recap until next time. 