before we begin, let me start by saying, if you in a hurry, but you need to catch up on all the Skywalker drama, this video is for you. I'm about to chop this born chunk of chitlins down from more than two and a half ounces just a few minutes. the stars of our movie today, ah, quiet. gonna need to learn way to keep his mouth shut. obey. want to come a lay up, actually laying in this movie? but while I'm on the topic, get your mind out the gutter. a teenager who ought not be flirting with this child, a child who ought not be trying to pick up all the women and guns old playing house tour begins sixteen years after the last Star Wars movie came out with the same damn scrolling back store text. god forbid a decade-and-a-half spawn some originality or new concepts. but I guess if it ain't broken, don't fix it. because can you imagine me saying something like, hi, welcome to meth. my name is Jeff, and today we're gonna talk about Star Wars? that would just feel so wrong. but as far as the plot goes, all it's saying is that even in the Star Wars universe, you can just pick any random time period and people are still fighting the same dumb political battles. bla story really begins with these two sexy space monks who have literally devoted their lives of the study of peace, building this chip to try and make peace with some Cooper's sons of bits who would love the word peace if it was spelled mo and ey. oh, I think Luke is trying to make a little statement about greed in this movie. I mean, I know he waited until he was already a millionaire from the franchise, but better late than never. back in the corporate control room, DS, Tolls find out that the Jedi are on the ship, and they're like, they're here to make peace. kill them. should I be scared of peace too for look, that bad. well, peace, we'll just have to live to fight another day. Oh, Jar Jar, you sure are a sight for sore eyes. don't get too emotional though, you still dumb as hell. Lord Jesus. a whole 12 minutes in and Josh I was already trying to swear wookie life-debt to somebody. just shut the hell up and get us away from the damn laser fire before we say end up in deep doo-doo. and I guess Jedi just walk around with we might have to seek shelter in a lost city of Atlantis, rip off, alien city of survival kids, where they keep them and they underpants. we shall know what you hear. that's fine. this place stink like fish. where it take to make you to leave. a sub will be nice. this ring up King Gill's. well, that was easy. and they almost get eaten twice. in both times, they get saved by bigger fish. in the capital city, they meet with Padfoot, armadillo and the Supremes. that's code for the Queen and her stand-ins. then more political book bit in Jedi. bad. sorry. oh, my god. in the middle of a space fire fighting, the shields are down. none of the droids are gonna be able to repair the ship, except the one. we can mark it as a pillow, backpack, nightstand, spatula and all that apparel. ooh, and I made Allah's body double nose. Padme is the real queen, but out of all the servants, she tells pad maid to clean out to d2 to get back at Oh, for all the dumb Sarah she sent her on in the past. and can't we just get where we're trying to go? what if the damn hoopty breaking down just trying to get the cars on on the Fantastic Voyage? but how we gonna get there? we ain't got no ship full. breaking down on the same damn planet we visited three [ __ ] times in the series. now, i hate's and its cost and rough and irritating, and it gets everywhere, especially in your underpants. well, while here, might as well pick up. and often I feel bad for this kid, not because of his spit show of a life, but because the actor who played him said, playing Anakin ruined his real life. I guess you shouldn't force your children into entertainment, mama. oh, it Padme scoping out her underage for you to hub it. I'm just saying, if the genitals were reversed, y'all think that was creepy. and there's a sandstorm coming. look, mom, this is my future wife. the available stuff from the get-go. plot twist. Darth Vader mate c-3po because these movies wouldn't have worked if they hadn't constantly poked at your nostalgia. and qui-gon finds out that little Lainey is the Jedi equivalent of Jesus, born of the virgin Shmi. or that could be some bold she's just telling him because Annie's daddy never came back from the stove. I guess we'll never know what mischief Shmi was up to. so to get the pots they need to repair the ship, they ask little Andy to enter a pod race and win them some dough. doesn't seem like a very Jedi thing to do, but I'm sure there's a rule about us somewhere, aha, right here. and the how to be a Jedi Without Really Trying handbook rule number 17 thousand two hundred sixty four, you may endanger a child's life to get some money to repair your ship if you are out of luck and all jolly wealth, but only if say child is the chosen one who grew up to turn into the side of evil and will proceed to slaughter innocent little Jedi who are about the same age as he is right now. damn robots, your specific. and qui gonn says, I'm checking your blood for infection. and I'm like, okay, dad's not a comlink that is a Gillett sense of Excel. razor. so what I'm trying to tell y'all is, if you Paul and live near a junkyard, grow big beard, and you too can be a Jedi. and this is Darth Maul. he's the only character to escape this move without getting any County on him. and there's a long race skip then any sets to delude Mamu and hide it to the jeddak. I mean, Jedi. what Duke is he right? dad saying you escaped Taccone. if so, forget I said anything. damn. quark. oh, why don't you just saw you in an oft lead a little bit of infants. damn self. little child screaming, qui-gon, sir, away. I'm tired, shiri. is this the life you want for your Little Orphan? Annie, run through the desert screaming, trying to catch the babysitter, dodging sit loads on silly looking flying mopeds. when they get back to Khorasan, Amidala puts on a kimono, meets with Palpatine. qui-gon and obi-wan meet with the Jedi Council without changing clothes, including their underpants. and we find out two stacks. Edwards has treated his good fellows pennies for a Jedi robe of his own. more political blah, blah, hoo-ha. and who the hell today scalp to make that pigtail headdress for the Queen? and how much Aqua Net did it take then the Frog skulls any for being human? and what about this wig? definitely three cans. the Jedi company. Martha and the Vandellas back to Naboo. and would the real Amidala please stand up? then I got an army of judges to help fight the Trade Federation. and did you know weebles wobble, weebles wobble, weebles wobble, but they don't fall down? pew, pew, boom, boom, blah, blah, blah, me. and this goes on for something like thirty minutes or something, I don't know. and Amidala wouldn't have been safe under that big hairspray helmet. decoys don't make no damn sense. it's a real queen out there, Jedi fronting. then Darth Maul since qui-gon up to the spirit in the sky is where Jedi go when they die. [Music], so obi-wan and Darth Maul have a little stand down, and then obi-wan does a little slip in to do down Anakin, blows up a big ship. the droids croak, and obi-wan slices Darth Maul in half. that's bad. and then obi-wan holds his dying master while qui-gon tells him to train the junkyard baby so he can grow up and destroy the Jedi. the end. be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular fix of meth. also, if you desire in your heart, please consider helping me keep this channel alive with a contribution to my patreon for movies. explain fall. I'm Jeb die. now let's see if I can make more Star Wars videos faster than they can make new movies. 