listen, who would have thought in the 70s that the Charlie's Angels franchise would become a franchise like everything else in the Year 2019. it started with the show in 76. they've had a comic series, some board games, a lot of video games, movies, soundtracks, an animated web series, so much merchant collectibles that a red swimsuit poster of Farrah Fawcett set a record with over 20 million poser sold in the 70s. it was so big that that suit got inducted into the Smithsonian. do you remember this red swimsuit? remember I had it. so shout out to Ray Comfort sponsoring this franchise recap. we're gonna be covering all of the film series of this property, starting way way back in the year 2000. let me explain. so if you haven't watched the first two movie adaptations from the early 2000s, they're all on Netflix at the moment, and they are wild, wild rides. drew Barrymore had actually purchased the screening rights from the original TV series. each person, when you talk about what kind of film that would be, had a different idea. some thought it should be as food. some thought it should be a remake of the show. some thought it should be a cold cutting, hard cutting action film. some people thought it should be a comedy. I thought, how do you amalgamate all those hopes and modernize it, yet honoring the series? you know, we never wanted to insult the show. that was so important. she got John Forsythe surprises role as Charlie from the original series. she was able to get the whole cast together. she's the one who wanted the angels to have absolutely no guns, maybe jump out of airplanes and drive speedboats and race cards. so there's so much going on, you don't miss that. that's the important thing to do, is don't just take something away. replace it with something that. said, once people saw Cameron Diaz doing wire fool, it was like being a meme on Ellen. action immediately started veering the other way. well, there were more serious shots in the scary movie parody of Charlie's Angels than in Charlie's Angels. [Music], barrymore also hired mcgee, who had only directed music videos at that point, but he even classics such as some. Barrymore then chose him to direct us. you didn't even have a script for most of it. and boy does it show. Roger Ebert called this movie a trailer for a video like, not even the movie, a trailer for a video game, movie, lacking only the video game and the movie. Charlie's Angels was his first feature film in which he was only paid three hundred and fifty thousand dollars for directing. but that 250 million box office is what made this movie iconic. like, if you search up all these actresses, Charlie's Angels pops up as one of the most prolific films within their filmography. and it's, it's a memorable one. and what's your favorite outfit than Alex, where's the car outfit? the intro to the first has a dude jumping out of a plane because another dude has a bomb strapped to him. and it turns out that that dude is drew Barrymore. [Music]. it's a duo of films that showcased how much Hollywood didn't give a crap in the early 2000s, with classic lines from both such as, you know, I sign that release, so you can just feel free to stick things in my slot. I could use someone like you and my staff. thanks for the offer. but my hands aren't going anywhere near your stuff. this is gonna be long hard. [Music], sometimes when it's rough, I just get there faster, like fast cars. I like fast everything. but it's big like that, I just love to ride it hard and run. way was getting pounded. I'm gonna be wet for hours. you were the cotton. it had cameos and appearances by dead moose humper, Tom Green, who at that time hadn't done Freddy got fingered, but had done drew pink Shia LaBeouf when he was just a kid. Melissa McCarthy, before she herself became a spy. it even as famous TV star matt LeBlanc, from the critically acclaimed sitcom Joey. obviously, something like this can't be replicated today. like we did get a reboot to it, it's nowhere near these two over here. but it's interesting doing research for this video and hearing all of the behind the scenes mayhem that these actresses had to go through. because, listen, you've had martial arts training before. did you teach the girls? they had them working out eight hours a day for four months straight. they're stories of arguments turning into fights. actors second-guessing lines and scenes from an already non-existent script. [Music]. and it overall creates this dichotomy of a female at franchise who did kick-ass, who are leading their own movie. they're using their sexuality to do what angels do best and distract the foolish men around them, and still being a movie done by the foolish men around them. what do you find most engaging about the three angels? their wardrobes. the Angels got to look absolutely extraordinary. they look damn good. there's definitely a lot of memorable kam penis within the film's I I do love the story behind the creepy Crispin, whose dad in real life was actually a Bond villain from diamonds are forever. and one of the suits they had him in in the movies was the suit his dad wore in that movie. the original angels did have iconic office. they turned into Charlie's battle angels. and in fact, Barrymore was the one who talked Cameron Diaz in to making more money with every role she got in the future. and I've said this in the past, Cameron Diaz is a legend the Frank Ocean of film with the way she secured the bags. and yet, that said, Lucy is still easily the best age. a goofy, goofy streamit for both. now, the new one was inevitable. it does seem like it was done to take some rights away. but you've heard us cover franchises, and you know the buffoonery that happens behind the scenes when it comes to these big studios and their properties. yet it does seem like Elizabeth Banks was having a fun time writing, starring, producing and directing the new one, which is good, because someone had to. it's a lot to process, which is what part of the fun is. now, my opinion, it's not a terrible reboot. I just don't see the merit behind it. like, what was the purpose of it? why this side of everything else? I don't know when Barrymore fought to have guns removed, instead opting on having all the Angels working out to the point that their limbs had to be moved with wires because of how sore they were. I'm James that said, banks did have the complete opposite montreux, and dealing with overly tight outfits, to the point that, while she didn't have the star power. mm, at least I got to pick their own clothes, actually. thanks. again. seems to be having a great time directing action for the first time. even if I wasn't a fan of it, like I would take that wire foo from the first ones any day. way, more entertaining than seeing taken three editing. they do pay homage to the 2000s by photoshopping Patrick Stewart as their Bosley, quoting miss independent from the original soundtrack, while having a pretty decent one themselves. but when it came to the Angels themselves, I don't think they surpassed the originals, or the original originals, at all. Jane was dubbed because she was an mi6 agents, and obviously, lemonade fans are determined to see everything with Naomi Scott. but I was so confused with Kristen Stewart's part. I know a lot of people don't like her because they think that her delivery is too dry. but no, III don't think she's a bad actress. I thought she was great in personal shopper as the ghost. that's that. if you wanted a great female led action spy thriller, catch atomic plot, Mad Max. how anything with Charlize Theron, just know it won't have Noah. Centennial really not supposed to be touching things in here, unless supposed to be touching things again. man. I had someone told me they thought no one Centennial was a James Dean of this era, which I would have been the stupidest steak I've ever heard till I learned they wanted to make James Dean the James Dean of this era. honestly, this installment just feels like the middle one in the never ending era of franchises. you know, there's always that one that you look back on and go, what the heck were they doing there? it's gonna be the while, we're gonna forget by the time they do get the Charlie's Angels spin-off right in like 2033. but it's just confusing to see a lot of these pop up this year. I mean, we know it's cuz of money, a bit, like you have an entire franchise to work with, and this is what you give us. they have so much more to work with, other than seeing the same twist we see all the time by the end of it, like we just saw the same twist in the men in black installment that we're all gonna forget. y'all should have made farrah fawcett, charlie when you had the chance back of the day. y'all should have brought back any of these ladies if you were already going to pay a match to them. but instead we get a series of after credits where we learned that Ronda Rousey's an angel, along with the entire cast of pitch-perfect Barden Bellas well. in that case, I'll just go watch Totally Spies instead. thank you guys for watching this video. and a big shout out to Ray con for partnering with us again. Ray J picked up the phone again. still don't know who he called, but the company he founded hit us up to do another partnership. and what better franchise and the one that had a bumpin album. we previously talked about them in our Hobbs beat diesel videos. we had the headphones for a couple of months now, and they're still going strong. long battery life at after price. perfect. when we're editing for hours, the boxing is gorgeous. and there's literally no experience like moving around with absolutely no wires in your way in that case. I mean, you admit, the case is still just as soft as the first time. I have the Ray Conte 25s. and they're actually having or Ray comp Black Friday sale and a cyber monday deal that I have linked down below in the description for you to click. but if you needed new headphones, right and you want it to help out this channel, if you like what we do here, let me explain ray con and all of our other sponsors make that possible. so what better way to support the channel than to treat yourself to think nice. thank you guys again for watching this video. let me know your thoughts on the Charlie's Angels series. which one your favorite is? again, these franchises, they're not going anywhere like honestly. even if one thing tanks, it's just a matter of time before they bring it back in another forum, be it again, a TV series, a movie, video game. there may even be an entire VR experience, if not a ride, for this franchise. so let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. and no casts. NOAA Centennial as the next Bond girl. 