[Music]. welcome to the breakdown where we break down all the grossest movies today. we are gladly going back to france for another extremity, only the french kiss ground up. that film is in my skin. but before we go deeper into it, we do have a word from our sponsor. because, quite honestly, you need to hear this. look, honestly, i think you're lacking how because you're not rocking an excellent timepiece on your wrist. you can't just put any old watch on. you need something with some crafts, something with some style and still fair. and ventura watches is where you get all of that and then some. ventura watches wants to make sure you and me step up our game. and each watch is crafted with much more material and much more design than just any old watch that you slap on your wrist. and over 22 thousand five star reviews speaks to how awesome these watches are. there are over eight collections for men and six collections for women. and each collection has plenty colors and interchangeable straps that will easily go with whatever is your style. now, please ignore my failed cinematography experience. now, as you see here, i have the chronos rose golden. so i really love this whole design, that scratch resistant glass, the stainless steel all around. and i'm sure you'll enjoy the same things, plus how exquisite that packaging is. but just look at the back. not only is there the cool motto, live your legacy, but there is also vini vidi, vici, i came, i saw, i conquered, engraved, and right below it is a piece of historic italian marble. but that's literally just the watches. now it's summer too, and they have lots of new sunglasses to fit your style too. now, they got some high quality sunglasses here too, fully polarized, and they're getting bought quickly. so make sure you cop a pair of those too. so again, ventura watches is here to make sure you rule the day and feel the best you can be. now, vincero and spooky partnered up, so make sure you click that link in the description to make sure you get my top picks before they're gone. also, you can get 15 off your purchase if you use the code spooky at checkout. let me repeat. click on the link in the description and use the code spooky to get 15 off and get you on the road to looking clean and feeling clean again. thanks to vincero watches for sponsoring this video. they're really helping us out today. so back to in my skin. esther has a ventura watch and she's up for a promotion. she's got a loving boyfriend. everything is great for her, well, until an accident causes her to literally devolve into self-destruction. remember splatter, naked, blood hungry. but how about mother from cutting moments? in my skin was directed by marina devon, who also took the role of the main character, esther, to show us precisely how interested esther becomes in injuring herself. this is the kind of film i started this channel for. it's classic, disturbing breakdown material, and we're about to get right into it. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown. q to gohan, well, i can say this is the first time i've ever seen divided credits before. weirdly, it's images instead of video, but it's fine. soon we get introduced to esther, a professional with a chill boyfriend that apparently really loves her. now, esther is on the way to a promotion. and she and her colleague friend, sandrine, go to a high class party to mingle and probably get on the boss's good side. esther decides to roam all around the property. for some reason though, just taking in her position, i guess. well, it's really dark, and she doesn't see some metal on the ground and falls straight on it. now, she gets up all fine and dandy, but she's not okay, she'll realize soon enough. back inside, see how jealous sandriane looks at esther. esther's feeling good because she has that woman's collection arrows, mess rose white with the flat leather chestnut strap and sandra and can't stand it. but also, she's dancing with her boss, who seems to think her a better employee than sandrine. she drags her away from the party. but right before they leave, esther takes another shrole around the house. she finds blood on the carpet soon, and then realizes that's her blood. how did you not notice this harsh injury all over your leg? analyzing it puts her mind in a trance. and you can even hear a faint echo before she breaks out of it. when sandrian looks for her. maybe she fell on some metal from the metal fetishes in tetsuo. still, one of the biggest questions is, how did she not feel such an injury until much later? the doctor here asks the same question and even suggests that maybe she has a problem up in the brain department. she'll need surgery for it to heal evenly. but she doesn't seem to care about the leg healing or looking better. she dismisses surgery for it pretty nonchalantly. now i can't show this nudity, but she is pretty interested in all of her skin at this point. this is a really nasty wound. probably should keep those bandages on. her boyfriend walks in, and soon he explains that he doesn't think she's taking that injury serious enough. well, the weirdest part is the fact that she didn't react to it. they start to argue about it, but he usually backs down pretty quickly at her insistence. honestly, the closest reasons we get to why she is so interested in wounds and skin is when she has to rewrite something at work that probably didn't even need revising. while happy to revise, she is also happy to find herself alone in a storage closet and find metal tools. now, this might make you cringe, so beware. she digs and gashes at her injured leg, and eventually she cuts away and creates even more injury above the accident. it's scenes like this that remind me why i started this series. perfect disturbing breakdown right here. back to work like nothing happened. head ass. soon she shrugs hanging around sandrine, and i'm very sorry if i'm saying her name the wrong way, but they are just going to, like, go on a coffee break or get a bite or something like that. but sandria just growls at her to get away. see, i thought y'all were close friends. sandrian is jealous of how fast esther is moving on up in the company. all that goes out the window when esther, literally and seriously says she's been cutting herself in the storage room. now sandrian is a little more worried and makes esther spend the night with her. that means making sure anything esther could use to cut herself is out of her hands. it's funny, she likes to blurt out that she harms herself, but doesn't want to talk about it. i understand though. but soon the conversation shifts again to sandrine feeling like a stooge compared to esther moving on up to that manager position. i mean, sandrine is the one who introduced esther. still be proud of your friend. y'all know each other since college, right? sandrian feels the same jealousy at a pool party as she watches esther get a promotion just like that. i remember this one dude at one of my old jobs had just started, and immediately he was trained to be a manager since his dad was the owner. he was really a [ __ ] too, and just a lazy ass [ __ ] who got fired in the dumbest way possible. but esther, she's different. she's actually good. sandrian was so mad that when esther got jumped to be thrown in the pool, she just watched. esther's injury would have caused the big bloodbath. plus her women's collection, arrows, mesh silver and turkish blue with the fog and silver strap, is only three atmosphere. it's not cool for pools. well, there goes that friendship. esther doesn't help herself when she starts looking all crazy at the pool though, probably because of all the leaking blood, which only heightens her need to destroy her leg more. the next morning, she finds that her left arm is uncontrollable. it's limp and dead, basically. but it goes back to normal when people interact with it. back at work, sandrian stops in esther's office to spark up in conversation, but it ends awkwardly, just asking for a check for the pants that esther bled through at the pool party. esther let the friendship drop just like that. still, it's all business now. this is where her aerosmash will shine perfectly. it's time for a business dinner. it goes well enough, but soon esther literally just becomes uninvolved and awkward. her left arm has completely went lip and she can't move it out of nowhere. her left arm literally falls off, just sitting there for anybody to see. of course, she is the only person who can see it. soon, the anxious compulsion to start stabbing away at her arm, it just starts to take over her. i'd like to be careful showing that, since youtube seems to have a hatred of arm slashing whenever i upload it. plus, the other colleagues notice her acting weird i think, showing their faces back and forth makes that anxious feeling really pop out. soon she literally runs away to the wine cellar area and starts cutting into herself more, but stops when a worker notices her knife and blood all on the floor. after the awkward dinner, she checks into some hotel close by and starts gnawing at her arm like a turkey leg from the fair. those hungry butt vibes from naked blood pop in, but this doesn't seem erotic at all, just inquisitive. really, soon she gets back to her senses, and seeing that her boyfriend is worried sick, plus a car accident to make it look like she got her injuries that way. the police believe it, and so does her boyfriend, but just a little doubt exists when he sees her leg got injured more, plus she doesn't seem to be in any pain. well, she made it to work the next day, only to get lectured by her boss for acting so immature during the business dinner. one more mistake like that and sandriane is going to be replacing her permanently. if she wore her arrows mesh during the dinner, then she would have been fine, probably respectfully so i might add she could use some support, something her boyfriend is struggling to give her since she didn't really talk to him about anything regarding her injuries. sometime later, esther is walking through a shopping area when she starts saying all slow and blurry. maybe it was that anxious compulsion to cut herself again. so focused on satisfying that compulsion that half and half screen starts to pop up again, she bought a camera and knives to literally slash all around her body and take pictures of each wound. then we can see how bloody and scary she looks. honestly, she kind of looks like a windigo right now. and this hungry wendigo would love to slash her face as well. we don't really see that, but we can see later how bruised she is when she goes to a pharmacist for help. she wants to preserve some skin, and he helpfully tells her that tanning it like leather would work. he thinks she's just a weird lady who just got out of surgery, though. okay, so the movie ends in another hotel room. esther calls her boyfriend to tell him she won't make it to his apartment tonight. she is busy. she also seems to call work to explain all those missing work days. the next morning, she is saddened to see that piece of her skin she cut off is all dry. it failed to preserve. but she puts it directly into her bra to keep it right there, close to her, before quickly leaving the room. and the movie ends with her post and looking blankly at the camera. i honestly kind of like that ending. well, that was a very interesting film to watch, and honestly, something i could definitely see myself going back to watch another time. still, now we have to go over the most disturbing moment and most enjoy a moment. and that's spooky stuff. cue to gohan [Music]. so it would seem natural to assume that mental illness of some kind got to esther. that's what makes it so scary when even it can cause issues for people at any level. still, to just fall on a random piece of metal and get a cannibalistic urge to hurt yourself is something i couldn't imagine, unless powerful drugs were the cause. the most disturbing moments is easily each moment of self-mutilation. i guess the worst one for me specifically was near the end when she had cuts all over her and were just looking all scary like that. the most enjoyed moment is probably how it showed esther losing her mind, basically, with her compulsion to cut herself, whether it was after the pool party, at the dinner, at the shopping place, it was pretty interesting to see how situations were filmed that way. and that's it. i really like this film, but we should show full respect towards the disturbing movies that come from france. i made a playlist specifically for that, and it will get bigger, so consider checking that out. make sure you click the like button and subscribe if you want to see more extreme again, thanks for ventura watches for sponsoring the video and helping us out. thanks for watching. spooky out 