welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going to another isolated island occupied by another mad doctor doing various experiments in the killer shrews. for more ideas of doggy halloween costumes, subscribe to the channel. let's get to it. we open on the open sea, where the stillness evokes general concern about an impending hurricane. luckily, they cite land before it's upon them, an anchor well away from dock, leaving their shipment on board to keep it safe during the storm. they arrive on storm and are immediately approached by the indigenous business persons who check the manifest to verify their supplies and trust captain sherman with giving anne a taxi back to the mainland. he agrees, but confirms no boating activity until the next day. and due to the storm and all, they tentatively agree to let him stay, inviting him back for martinis. here, dr kragis explains they're working on ways to lower the metabolism of smaller mammals to increase their lifespan, hoping this will allow them to end small in humans and save resources. radford then absentmindedly rushes in to share success with the recent test they've done on some shrews. all this rat talk gets the crew a little jumpy, requiring the administration of more alcohol, when the captain finally separates to freshen up and takes the opportunity to confide that an experimental batch of shrews escaped recently on the island. this sounds cute and all, until rook gets treed by a pack of rodents of unusual size, eventually falling to his death. as sherman gets restless and becomes desperate to keep him inside, so she pulls him in and comes fully clean, now explaining the escaped shrews aren't like what he saw. but biggins wreaking havoc on the island and hungering for human flesh. with the food supplies depleted, the shrews go for the horses, meaning it's only a matter of time before they come for their makers. they mostly hunt at night, so the gang plans to escape in the morning and drink until then. this calms those inside, despite the fact that the shrews continue their relentless aggression outside and eventually penetrate the house. mario hears one in the food cellar and enlists sherman's help to dispatch it. they look around, but fail to see it before it pulls a little tenderloin off mario's quad. he gets it, but he also dies, despite sherman's fantastic field dressing, due to sepsis of the blood from rancid saliva. as the patrol continues, the shrews dig their way in like rats, because that's what they are. the next morning, they try to bait them with the dead shrew. with the coast appearing clear, they decide to make a run for the boat. so the captain ventures out with his new partner, [ __ ], jerry, who draws down on him at the first opportunity, insisting he keep his casual sexual bravado out of anne's face. sherman handles the situation, but they make up real quick for fear of being eaten. which means absolutely nothing to jerry, because he runs off then like a little [ __ ] and locks sherman out. so the captain descends on him like spider-man, thrashing him soundly, but declining to feed him to the shrews. they try to get a few drinks in them and think this through. but a shrew gets in and slices up radford's leg. he immediately sits down to begin typing out his will before keeling over. jerry now fully lets go, requiring sherman to slap him into oblivion. but is forced to take a break when the shrews start peeking in to see what's up. they barricade themselves outside while the shrews go nuts inside. then sherman gets the idea of making a walking tank. all he needs are some drums, a welder and several hours, all things that are readily available. once done, they begin to enact the worst idea in history. jerry plays the smart odds and stays on the roof, but in a strange twist, he's eventually consumed. while the rest of them managed to squat walk their way to the beach with 180 pounds of steel drum on their necks, they eventually weighed deep enough into the water to swim the rest of the way to the boat. the unfortunate irony being that, despite surviving, none of them ever do anything of merit with their lives. the killer shrews was pretty good for what it is compared to the other movies from the set it's sort of in the middle. i would have liked to have seen more evisceration. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 