welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka, the guy who can do this all day. and in this video, we're going to be breaking down some of the best easter eggs and hidden details i noticed in the first avenger. the movie sets up so many things in the mcu that don't pay off until much later. and it's a film that's got better with age, due to what we now know. if you haven't had a chance to check out the latest mcu films and shows, then take all the stupid with you, as there will be heavy spoilers here. smash the thumbs up button if you enjoy the breakdown, and don't forget to subscribe for videos like this each and every day. without the way, thanks for clicking this. now let's get into captain america, the first adventure. okay, so the movie opens with an excavation in the ice that unearths captain america. this pulls heavily from the source material. and originally, cap was a character used by timely and atlas comics, who were predecessors of marvel. cap was brought back in the 60s after he was thawed from ice. and over the years, they've used this reboot device to kind of keep him a similar sort of age. originally, he was meant to be unearthed in the incredible hulk during a deleted scene in which the titular character, hulk smashed some ice. however, they changed it up, so we were introduced to him at the beginning of his own movie. from here, we jump to tonesburg, which is a very important location in the mcu. if we look at the timeline, it chronologically appeared first at the beginning of thor when odin fought the frost giants. its next appearance was here. and it showed up in ragnarok as the place odin went to before he died. odin said to both of his sons, remember this place home. and after it was destroyed, the survivors ended up settling there an endgame. red skull then arrives in his car, which has a design that's based heavily on a v16 roadster. the roadster pulls in with a focus on the hydra logo, and this would later be used in animated form during what if we learn that red skull is here for the tesseract, which has appeared in a number of things. at the end of the film, we see that howard stark discovers it in the ocean, and learning an endgame that at project pegasus, they had a whole science division headed up by him, centered around it. this was teased at during iron man 2, when tony was going through his dad's things, and in one of his notebooks we saw a sketch of the cube. the tesseract is actually heavily based on the cosmic cube, which has also appeared in a number of comics. and primarily, that was the thing that red skull saw after the most back in 2011. this led us to believe that this was the cosmic cube. but as we learned throughout the soccer, it's simply a housing for the space stone. now, whilst this probably wasn't intentional, red skull smashes a fake version of the cube, which sort of comes back around when thanos smashes it in his hands to reveal the stone. i know it definitely wouldn't have been meant at the time, but they don't call me reach richards for nothing. now, shout out to the canadian lad for pointing out that when red skull first enters the church, we can see three soldiers trying to push the tomb open where the fake tesseract is held. they all fail, but skull is able to do it single-handedly, showing what kind of strength that he has. red skull discovers the tesseract hidden inside a giant mural of the world tree that pulls from nose. mythology, at the end of thor, when loki freezes the bifrost sword in place, he actually creates a gigantic ice structure that looks exactly like this. we also know from the trailer of what if, that it will be appearing at some point in the series, so this is a nice little detail to have in this movie. the idea of the aryan superman actually pulls from norse mythology 2. and it was said that hitler believed that people born with blonde hair and blue eyes were descended from the gods. this kinda explains why thor had those features in his first movie. but i don't care what you say, yeah, nothing can excuse those blonde eyebrows. nothing. now, during this scene, we also get a lot of foreshadowing about the eventual reveal of red skull, including a line which can be seen below, johann schmitz, yeah. this is where the mask seems join up with one another. and his hydro pin also gets blood splattered on the skull, which foreshadows that he's red skull. yes, it's a reach. now, shout outs tim gettys, that kind of funny for pointing out that this movie was directed by joe johnson, who also worked on raiders of the lost ark, that follows indiana jones as he tries to get the ark of the covenant. and there is, of course, a scene in which the nazis dig in the desert. red skull actually says a line about how hitler is currently digging for trinkets in the desert. and this could be joe referring to his own work in which that happened. interestingly, raiders actually ended with the villains dying whilst a gigantic fire was shot into the sky, which is sort of similar to how red skull is taken out. steve then attempts to enlist in the 107th division, which we learn his father was a part of. this is actually the one that bucky ends up in. and during what if, whilst he's recovering from being shot, steve mentions him as being part of this regiment. as he stands up, we can see a man reading a newspaper behind him, and the headline for this says, elite nazi forces over a norwegian town. this further calls back to the intro, and it's a nice little detail that kind of ties those two scenes together. after shouting down a bully, steve ends up having to fight in an alleyway. and he grabs a trash can lid, which foreshadows the character using a shield. he says the infamous words, i can do this all day, which have popped up numerous times in the mcu whenever the character has almost been beaten. yeah, i know he said it an end game just for the sake of it, but hey, it was a good line. now, interestingly, bucky arrives and breaks up the fight. and in falcon in the winter soldier, episode 1, we see him breaking up another fight in an alley over a bin as well. he helps steve out, and steve asks where they're going to, which bucky replies, the future. this, of course, sets up how both would end up traveling decades ahead and reuniting. in the winter soldier, we can also catch his enlistment form, which lists his birthday as the 4th of july, aka independence day. next we see the stark expo, which is based on the world's fair. at one of the stands, we see a mannequin in a red suit inside of a glass chamber. the name above it says phineas horton. and both of these are notes to the original human torch and the scientists that created him. chris evans, of course, played the human torch in the fantastic four movies. so it's sort of like poetry. they rhyme. now, this stark expo later appears in iron man 2. and the layout of it is how tony figures out how to create a new element that will power his suit without poisoning him. howard demonstrates his flying car, and this actually sets up his son's costume in some way. the hovering capabilities are very similar to what would be adapted into the iron man suit. and tony actually picked the colours of iron man after looking at his own hot rod. the idea of a flying red car would also be pulled across the agents of shield, namely as being agent coulson's car. lola, steve walks up to a glass display of soldiers, but his eyes don't line up with the face. throughout his trilogy, both he and bucky visit similar exhibits. and in falcon in the winter soldier, episode 1, sam stood in front of the shield, but he was slightly off-center from it. this showcased that he wasn't quite there yet, much like how steve isn't. and this iconography is also used in into the spider-verse. miles didn't fully line up with peter's mask in the cave at one point, but by the end of the movie, he did. steve goes to attempt to enlist once more, and bucky leaves to go and serve. he says, don't do anything stupid until i get back to which steve replies, how can i? you're taking all this stupid with you. this wouldn't pay off until endgame, when it was the parting words between the pair. before steve traveled back in time to live with peggy after being caught for falsifying his enlistment form. dr erskine intervenes in order to make it so that he can be part of the super soldier serum program. erskine says he's from queens when steve first asks, but then he goes into how before that he was from germany. steve tells him he's from brooklyn. and this sort of mirrors the exchange between steve and peter parker and civil war, in which the pair both say where they're from. erskine puts steve through his paces in a camp, and he proves to everyone else that steve is worthy by showing that he will jump on a grenade in order to save others. interestingly, in the scene, we can also see that peggy was willing to jump on it too, but steve got there first. however, it does help us to understand why she was worthy enough to get the super soldier serum in what if. and it's a nice little character moment that sort of sets up what's to come in falcon in the winter soldier, we do learn that john walker had been through similar situations with grenades, but that he'd used his helmet to cover the blast, showing that he wasn't really cut out like steve was, but that he still viewed himself as being there. erskine says that the serum enhances what character traits the man has, and therefore we can see why walker ended up the way that he did. we learned in the mcu that banner and general ross were trying to replicate the formula created by erskine, and this led to the hulk as well as the abomination. banner deals with a lot of internal anger throughout most of his depictions. and emil blonsky is, of course, power hungry. therefore, erskine saying this sets up how different characters who take the serum all end up with slightly different results. now, following world war ii, the camp itself was turned into shield headquarters, and both steven natasha traveled to it in the winter. soldier, it also appeared in endgame as the aforementioned place that the tesseract studies happened. and it was a location that hank pym worked out of. now, when we meet arnhem zola, we see his face through a magnifying glass, which massively distorts it. and this foreshadows how he would end up becoming a face on a screen during the winter. soldier. zola's face could also be caught in the background of end game as tony snuck around looking for the tesseract. in the comics, zola had a gigantic body that looked a lot like a teletubby. and when he packs things up in the film, we can catch schematics for this also. yeah, never forget that ryanairy, bloody ryanairy, said that zola would be the main body for falcon in the winter. soldier, do not ever let that lad live it down. i know i got my fist all wrong here, but that was valid. that and i'm not, i'm not having anyone say anything else. you're bastard. now, peggy and steve go to the lab, and the pair talk about dancing, and how the latter hasn't found the right partner yet. this idea of the pair dancing appears throughout the mcu. and as steve is making his sacrifice play at the end of the movie, he of course, organizes a date between them. interestingly, he says he'd hate to step on peggy's toes. and in the car he talks about how he might do this. in age of ultron, when steve is put under an illusion by scholar witch, he imagines meeting her for that dance. and the saga, of course, ends with him traveling back in time to do it. in what if we learn that this scene is pivotal to the creation of a branched reality. whereas in the original film, the observers go up to the observation room, in the animated show, they stay in the lab. this allows the hydra agent to blow his cigarette case, destroying most of the scientists and machines. whereas in the former film, he was out the way, he also did it after the experiment, whereas in what if, he does it before. now i absolutely love how much attention to detail that what if has, and several of the shots from the scene are recreated perfectly. in the first episode. they managed to capture so many things, such as howard lowering his glasses, which happens exactly the same way. just as steve and peggy are injected, their eyes also shoot open. and the way that the machine opens up is pretty much identical across the board. interestingly, this idea of eyes shooting open when the serum hits could be a nod of the hulk in his super soldier experiment, as when edward norton's version transforms his eyes to open up. now this shot and the framing device of it, is mirrored in the winter soldier, when bucky is getting his memory wiped in that we catch a shirtless bucky strapped in with clamps around him. and we follow from this to a focus on his face, much like how we get with steve in the lab. the hydra agent shoots erskine, and this changes for what if when he instead shoots tommy lee jones's chest to phillips. weirdly, erskine's death sort of repeats a one from earlier in the franchise, namely dr yinsen's. both were kindly scientist characters that helped to form the hero's origins. and even their death scenes are shot the same way. the pair both lie on their backs as the hero leans over them and listens to their last words. i don't know if marvel did this on purpose, or if they're just lucky, but when yinzin dies, he lies in a sack which has an american flag inside of a circle. and it could be foreshadowing the similar scene that captain america would go through with his mentor. or it could be a big reach. now, peggy chases after the hydra agent, and she shoots the driver of his escape vehicle. a similar shot to this would also be used in what if. when she kills the agent in the lab. the idea of hydra agents being part of the government would, of course, reoccur in the winter soldier. and it's sort of like poetry, because it it shows up again and is a bit similar. now, steve chases after him and uses a cab door as a shield, which just so happens to have a star on it. in the crowd, we can also see a woman taking a photograph of this moment. and this picture would actually appear in the captain america display that we see in falcon. and the winter soldier, nazi soldiers show up to investigate schmidt, and he ends up using the tesseract weapons on them in what if. because zola is a prisoner at this point, he can't create these weapons, and their skull ends up shooting a soldier with a standard german pistol, which is called a mauser. now, these weapons would later show up in the avengers when steve is looking through the helicarrier, and it shows that shield are just as shady as hydra are. which, spoiler alert, that's because they're one in the same. now, having the tesseract massively helps howard to build the hydra stomper, which is, of course, the what-if version of iron man's armor. it was actually theorized by eric boss at new rock stars that the tesseract might have been what helped to create the giant arc reactor that we saw in iron man 1. and i really love this theory, as we know how it, of course, worked. on it we do get a scene in which howard actually cuts a piece out of the tesseract, and it ends up exploding. a similar scene to this happens in endgame, when tony is inspecting the infinity stones, and rocket says, boom, to give him a shock. this was, of course, a nod to how it exploded with howard. and it's a really cool easter egg that calls back to this movie. steve ends up going on a propaganda tour, and in what if, he jokingly said that peggy might end up on this chester. philip says to steve that he wanted a soldier, and that all he got was a chorus girl. and this is reflected in what if when flynn says he wanted a soldier, but all he got was a girl. flynn actually appeared earlier in the mcu, namely, the one shot agent carter, in which he too looked down on peggy because she was a woman. also, shout out to everyone who pointed that out on my wife breakdown, i was absolutely kicking myself. but as always, you guys are the real heroes. now, steve and his group of chorus girls perform the star spangled man with a plan throughout the country. and this is pretty good satire on how the real life cap was used as a tool for propaganda. he also punches hitler several times, which is a nod to captain america issue one. now, shout out to ryan airy from screen crush for pointing out that the mcu version of the comic has bucky missing from the cover. the original one had him on, but as he was in his sidekick at this point in the story, they actually removed him. now, i know i'm doing a lot of shout outs in this video as well, but come on, yeah, these lads deserve the views too. now we pull out to see the entire stage, which is actually set up to look a lot like cap shield due to its white and red circular lines and also the star in the middle that cap stands in front of during this we see a woman run up to steve. and this is laura haddock, who would go on to play peter. quill's mum, meredith. this might actually be quill's grandma. and sometimes you just gotta wreck on this stuff in your head so that it's really good at the song. star spangled man, of course, showed up reworked in falcon in the winter. soldier during the john walker parade, and cap peggy and john and his wife olivia, do share similar moments. this is seen in both properties, in which the caps sit down on the bench doubting themselves, whilst their love interests stand above them. and it shows how much marvel pay attention to the small things. steve ends up drawing himself as a performing monkey. and this sketch actually appears in his room. during civil war, after learning of the soldiers trapped behind enemy lines, steve heads out to rescue them. and something similar would be carried out by isaiah bradley. however, whereas steve came home to a hero's welcome, isaiah was locked up and experimented on because the us. didn't want a black man to be captain america. at the facility, we meet the howling commandos, namely dum dum duggan, who comes from the comics. there's also union jack as well as jim morita. marina is played by kenneth choi, who would like to show up in homecoming as the principal. in his office, we can see a picture of maria, showing that the two were related. and see, yeah, that meredith theory. it wasn't that bad. now, it's during this time that stanley cameos, and alongside him is rev brown, who played captain america in the 70s. steve saves bucky, who's being experimented on. and this would set up how he survives the fall and becomes the winter soldier. interestingly, in what if, this doesn't happen, as zola has, of course, been captured at this point. throughout the film, there's also a bar scene in which bucky and steve sit and talk him. what if, as peggy hasn't rescued him at this point, they instead have howard appearing. red skull escapes in a rocket like plane. and this could also be seen in the void during loki, episode 5. after using a prop shield for the mission, stark then gives him a vibranium one. the first time we see this, it's silver, and later on it gets its full colouring. this is sort of similar to what happened to tony's iron man suit. and originally he had a silver one before adding the yellow and red to it. we then get some footage of steve on missions, and he looks at his compass, which has a picture of peggy in it. this iconography shows up throughout the mcu. and he looks at it in several films. at the end of the first avenger, he pops it open before crashing into the ice. and he also looks at it in the winter soldier, when visiting the captain america exhibit cap. also looked at it in infinity war. and before traveling into space in endgame, he stared at it too. it clearly holds a lot of meaning to him, and is the thing he looks to to remind him of the good in the world that he's fighting for. a howling commandos then attempt the train mission, which we learn in what if is called where eagles stare. this is actually a nod to a film set during the second world war, which involves infiltrating a castle similar to what happens in the disney plus show. in the series, red skull's mission changes up and he wants to summon schumer gorath. thus a castle makes a lot of sense to do this at. in the film, though, he plans to drop bombs, and thus he needs somewhere with a runway. on the ships carrying the explosives all locations. and these are written on similar to how steve writes hello from brooklyn on the hydra stomper. in the series, peggy pulls bucky up, and he says that she almost took his arm off, which is, of course, a nod to how he'd lose it as the winter soldier. we learned capcom get drunk. and peggy also says this in the show when meeting steve in a bar. she also steals a motorbike and writes it similar to how steve does when he leads the charge on the hydra base. here, steve ends up coming face to face with the red skull, and he says that he's seen the future and that there are no flags. this is a mentality that the flag smashers would embody, as they wanted to live in a world without borders. red skull is sent across space to guard the soul stone on boromir, and cat becomes a capsicule for 70 yes, we see peggy taking the photo of steve out of a folder. and she would, of course, have this on her desk in endgame. this mirrors how he took a picture of her. and i'm so glad that they got that dance together. i'm not crying, you. you're crying. as steve is awoken in new york, and he runs out into times square in a scene that mirrors him running through new york earlier in the movie. the post-credits scene too, works as a trailer for the avengers, but it also has a scene from that movie in which cap goes ham on a punching bag. peggy 2 does this and what if, and punches it off its chain at one point, much like how cap does. she ends up becoming the woman out of time. and it's going to be interesting to see how the season ends up sending her back. anyway, that's all of the easter eggs similarities and hidden details that we could find. obviously, if i missed any, then let me know below. and as a thank you, you'll be entered into a competition on the 30th of august, in which we're giving away three mc boxes. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the video. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of what if episode 1, which will be linked on screen right now. there's a lot of easter eggs in it, and also, many of them differ from this, so definitely go check it out right after this. if not, then thank you for singing to the video. i've been paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. i 