hi guys. sci-fi recapped here before we start. morning. spoilers ahead. today, i'm going to continue the explanation of science fiction live action movie called assassination, classroom graduation. the story will still revolve around a classroom that was assigned a mission to assassinate their own teacher, who turns out to be a yellow squid like weird creature. this movie has a very unique concept about the relationship between students and teacher, and also has a very deep moral story behind it. make sure to watch it till the end to find out. for those who haven't watched the first part, feel free to click the link below in the description. half of the year has passed, but the students from class 3e have not been able to assassinate cora sensei, their weird squid-like teacher, who plans to destroy the earth on graduation day. at the beginning of the movie, cora sensei is interviewing his students regarding what they want to do after graduation. but as usual, his students still try to seek the opportunity to assassinate their teacher. among the students, nagisa, the main protagonist in the movie, is still unable to find out what he wants after he graduates. karassima, a representative from the ministry of defense tells the class that there will be a school festival next week, which will be attended by students from other schools and people from the city. he also adds that this will be the perfect opportunity for class three e students to plan the assassination, because koro sensei's attention will surely be distracted, making him the easy target of killing. given the opportunity, kurosama states that the ministry of defense will also send a sniper named red eye. thus the students should assassinate korra sensei before the sniper does. long story short, the festival begins and koro sensei disguises himself as a clown so that he won't be recognized by the people. but even though koro sensei exposes himself in open space, the sniper still struggles to lock his aim to the weird creature. the theater show for class 3e has started. however, the students and the sniper are having a hard time catching and assassinating cora sensei. surprisingly, the teacher also manages to spot the sniper and humiliates him as he brings the sniper down to participate in the show. cora sensei even compliments the sniper after the show for motivating their students to prepare their best for assassination. after the school festival ends, one of the class 3e students, kaede kaiano, catches koro sensei off guard and manages to surround cora sensei by using anti-teacher fibers to limit his movement. she then begins her assault by revealing her tentacles and starts attacking the yellow creature endlessly. surprisingly, she reveals that she is actually the younger sister of aguero yukimura, who was the class's former teacher. and accuses koro sensei a murderer. she wants to take revenge against horus sensei for having supposedly killed her sister. this event leaves all students of class 3e confused, urging the teacher to tell the truth to them. but hora sensei refuses to answer and tells them that he will tell his past after kyano comes back, as she is still part of class 3e. kyano reflects on the past year, when she went to aguery's workplace to deliver a package there. suddenly, a big explosion occurs. kiano easily made her way through the rubble to find a tentacled creature standing beside her sister. before fleeing, kyoto sees her sister's dead body and a note saying that the perpetrator will be teaching at kunigioka junior high in preparation for her revenge, she also took the vials without thinking and injected them into herself, making her a tentacled creature. back to the present, kiano confronts coro sensei while he is cosplaying himself as a dog, and challenges cora sensei to a duel. she manages to get cora sensei cornered with her fire tentacles, but it will drain her energy much faster. knowing that the experimental tentacles she wears is taxing her life force, cora sensei allows himself to get attacked and tells the students to calm her down. nagisa manages to distract her with a kiss, and koro sensei manages to cut off the tentacles from kyano. cora sensei realizes that the battle has been observed by the white cloaked man who was previously seen to be a tone as guardian. cora sensei confronts him and manages to see his true identity, who turns out to be yanagisawa. we'll get into him later. after the battle, koro sensei decides to tell the class about his past. he reveals that he was actually a human who worked as an assassin called sinigami, or god of death. two years ago, due to his strength and intelligence, an unofficial research organization, led by yano gisawa, captured him, making him a test subject for antimatter experiments. surprisingly, the assassin was monitored by a guri, who turns out to be yanagisawa's fiance. time flies, and both of them managed to develop a close relationship, especially after she revealed that she was a teacher during the daytime. aguri revealed that she loved her job as a teacher so much and was very motivated to help the students in class 3e to become a better person. one day, exactly one year after the first time the assassin and guri had met, yanagisawa found out that the mouse tested on the moon had destroyed 70 of the moon. realizing that the same thing would occur on the assassin's body and could destroy the earth. thus he ordered the disposal of the assassin before it was too late. knowing this, the assassin plans to retaliate with his hidden power from the test and live until he eventually self-destructs and destroys the world. yano gisawa launched a weapon called tentacle mines to kill him, but the assassin was protected by a guri, causing her to be stabbed by the weapon and died on the spot. this event made the assassin change his mind, leading him to make a vow with a guri to teach class 3e back to the present, koro sensei states that he will still die in march next year. thus he wants to be killed by his own students because of the bond they have developed for the past six months. after hearing the shocking story, all students of class 3 become speechless. even during the winter break, no students could plot an assassination. long story short, nagisa decides to find a way to save cora sensei instead of killing him. but several students, including karma, disagree with his opinion, causing the class to split into two big groups cora sensei suddenly comes and suggests ngisa and karma to do a one-on-one battle to decide which side will win. the fight is quite dramatic and is watched by the other students. eventually, after a long fight, karma manages to beat nagisa and is going to stab megisa with a knife, but karma suddenly surrenders after realizing that negisa really wants to help the teacher and karma is ready to help him. reitsu manages to collect all the classified information related to cora sensei, finding that it is possible to make a drug to save their teacher. to gather more information, the students plan to sneak into yanagisawa's lab and manage to steal a file from there. after that, the class begins to work on an antidote based on the data stolen from yanagisawa's lab. a few moments later, the class manages to complete the antidote, and it is ready to be given to cora sensei. on the other side, the government decides to use a laser beam ignited by a satellite as a last resort to kill cora sensei. while cora sensei is alone kurosuma orders to launch an anti-super bean barrier, which isolates the yellow creature in the classroom. the government agents also kidnap the students of class 3e and lock them in a tunnel. karassama explains that the kidnap has to be done so that they won't try to do some silly and dangerous stuff in order to help cora sensei. however, the students manage to find a way in escape. while escaping, they meet karasima. instead of returning them back into the prison, he encourages the students to help cora sensei. surprisingly, the students are also helped by arena. she manages to distract the military by shooting randomly with her grenade launcher. long story short, after an epic battle against the military officers, the students of class 3e reach the classroom and meet cora sensei there. cora sensei is impressed by the effort made by the students to help him. they hand over the antidote and force koro sensei to drink it. but suddenly, yanagisawa confronts them. he explains that they have been tricked by him because the file that was previously stolen from his lab was faked. yanogisawa states that he wants revenge for what coruscensei had done before, and starts to inject several artificial tentacle liquid, transforming himself into a horrifying, monstrous being. he is way more stronger than cora sensei and manages to tear koro sensei apart, seeing him easily defeating cora sensei, kyoto attempts to protect him, only causing her to get stabbed in the process. filled with anger, because having to see the tragedy from two years ago repeats for a sensei casts a very strong laser beam, which eliminates yanagisawa, instantly, learning from his previous mistake, poro sensei learns how to do a surgery and manages to save kyano's life with his skill. after the fight, cora sensei becomes very weak and tells the students that this is the time to kill him. he urges the students to kill him or he will be killed by the laser beam. nagisa offers himself to be one to perform the assassination, while the other students holds cora sensei's tentacles. after a very dramatic moment where cora sensei says his last words, nagisa finally stabs the knife into corus sensei's heart, causing korra sensei to disappear and his body dissipates into many particles of yellowish light. the ending shows that cora sensei always wants to be killed before he explodes and causes any threat to the planet. in the end, the man who was seemingly the villain of the story was actually the hero. he not only makes the best out of his last few days on earth, but also manages to inspire his students to be a better person. several years later, nagisa has finally found his goal and decides to become a teacher for delinquents. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like to help the channel out. thank you for watching. 