if you were part of a group of burglars attempting to rob a new york mansion with a hidden secret trapped within a ultra secure panic room, would you know how to rob it? in this video, we're going to be giving the burglar some advice so the villains can finally win the panic room movie. our movie starts off following a mother and daughter who have recently collected a nice divorce check from the husband, which allows them to buy a new new york city mansion. they go on a tour throughout the entire mansion, and includes everything you want, from a nice kitchen, to bathroom to even an amazing guest room. one of the most important features of this house, however, is it includes a ultra safe, safe room known as the panic room, which includes its own electrical grid, security cameras around the entire house and a door that can basically not be penetrated by any explosions or hammers. that very night, the mother and daughter decide to move in. after the mother puts the daughter to sleep, and she takes a nice warm bath and goes to bed herself, the robbers finally break in and make their move. the first robber is able to break through a hole in the ceiling with a crowbar and then open the door for the other robber. however, the other robber does something unexpected. he brings on a friend, a third person, to commit the robbery. in my opinion, this is a massive mistake. you have absolutely no reason to bring a third person into a robbery when you're facing a woman and another child. not only is this bad because it's another loose end, he might leak secrets, or he might betray you, you also have to give him a portion of your robbery, which, in my opinion, is never worth it. but you know what is worth it? today's video sponsor, atlas vpn. they won't betray you, they won't spill your secrets, and they won't cost you a fraction of your massive fortune. alicevpn is a state-of-the-art vpn system that will allow you to encrypt your data and hide your virtual location. this is done through a special vpn server that can encrypt and decrypt your information at will. in fact, atlus vpn's data breach monitor allows you to insert your email address and scan the internet to see if there's any data breaches that involve you this will give you a head start on any of those stupid hackers that attempt to hijack your information. however, my favorite feature is that atlas vpn offers is that it allows you to quickly and seamlessly switch virtual locations to other countries to access blocked shows on your favorite streaming services. i like to use it on netflix. so for example, the movie hostel is blocked in the united states. well, that's not a problem. i just switched my atlas vpn location to the uk. and allows me to instantly access the show. last but not least, atlas is doing a massive discount on the three-year plan, making it only 1.39 cents. and it includes a 30-day money-back guarantee. so if this interests you, make sure to click the link at the top of my description box. now let's get back to trying to rob this mansion. these criminals start getting into an argument on the bottom of the house because they didn't think there would be anyone moving in this soon. the thing is, is, if you're about to rob a mansion in a very populated area of new york, you should definitely be doing more research, and maybe even scouting out the house hours ahead of time. you should have seen the moving van, which would have deterred you from robbing the place. after a moment of hesitancy, the robbers start making their way upstairs to what they're looking for. i won't spoil what they're looking for just yet, but you'll find out soon enough. however, at the same time, the mom of the house starts going to the bathroom. so the robbers sort of have to stand still and wait for the mom to go back to bed before they can keep moving up the house. however, if i were in the situation, i would strongly suggest removing my shoes, because loud boots on the hardwood floor could affect the sound waking with the mother up. or the kid. i know everyone has the experience of playing their ds or their phone under their blanket, but they hear their parents walking down the hall, so they quickly hide their ds. in this situation, the robbers are like the parents, so they want to be as quiet as possible. the robbers decide, after the toilet flushes, that they're in the clear to go, so they continue walking up the stairs. however, this is where the mom that gets paranoid and checks the security cameras and sees them walking up. this whole situation could have been avoided if the robbers had simply hidden while she was flushing the toilet, instead of continued up the stairs. on average, it takes around 10 to 20 minutes for someone to fall asleep. so you should at least wait that long for her to fall asleep, and then you can rob the place and leave without anyone getting hurt. however, because they don't do that, the mom is able to grab the daughter, and a chase ensues. during the chase, one of the robbers is able to come face to face with the mother and the daughter. however, rather than catch them immediately, he decides to taunt them. this is where they run into a nearby elevator and escape. after running out of the elevator, the mother and daughter, pursued by one of the robbers, is able to get inside the panic room and close the door, right before the robber can get there. now here's where the movie gets a lot more complex. what the robbers are looking for is actually located inside the panic room, which is virtually impenetrable. so we know then that the robbers must know about the panic room. and if they know about the panic room, they should have done at least a decent bit of research on how the door works. they should know from earlier that any sort of item that blocks the door's entrance will prevent the door from closing. so what the robber could have done is taken off his coat, his jacket, or even threw his gun inside, preventing the door from closing and allow the other three robbers to get in. luckily for the robbers, neither the mother or the daughter have a mobile phone, and the landline phone was never hooked up, meaning they can't contact the police. here, the burglars and the woman start having communication where the woman says, you can take whatever you want and leave. however, we obviously know that they're looking for whatever inside her room. the burglars tell the mother and the daughter what they want is inside the room. although this may seem like a good idea at first, they don't specify exactly what they want. so the mother and the daughter might think that they're looking to kill them. because, after all, even the mother and the daughter don't know what's the valuable thing inside the room. the first strategy that the robbers attempt is by locking every single door window and basically forcing them to stay until they have to come out for food or water. although this may seem like a good idea, this would take way too long and might arouse suspicion, considering that their car is going to be parked in front of the house for so long, i strongly suggest, when drawing all the curtains, do not just stand at the window where everyone can see you, wearing a robber's mask, slowly drawing the curtain. just draw it fast out of view of the window. the two dumb and dumber burglars decide that they want to use a sledgehammer to break through the bottom of the panic room. while i'm pretty sure the designers the panic room already thought through this, and it's gonna be very secure on the bottom, this is also bad because if you do get caught by the police, you're gonna get charged with destruction of property, which you might already be charged with, but this is just another charge, you know. and on top of that, the loud sounds of the sledgehammer might wake up neighbors or people who are passing by, who might alert the police and get you all caught. so don't do anything stupid and try to keep everything quiet, especially if the plan is for sure to fail. the black burglar actually comes up with a great idea of getting a propane tank and pumping propane into the room, basically gassing them out of the panic room. however, it soon stops being a good idea after the other burglar decides he wants to keep the propane going rather than turning it off. the reason you don't want to keep it going is, if you kill them inside the panic room, not only will you be charged with murder, you won't be able to get into the room at all. ever, fortunately, the mother and daughter don't get gas to death since they have a little tunnel that gives them air from the outside. and the mother uses a match and blows up the gas contraption. honestly, this is a close call. i would think that the gas would circulate around the entire room, at least causing major burns to the mother and daughter and potentially killing them, trapping them in the room forever. later, the third burglar that was later brought on is starting to demand more money. this is why i said it was a mistake to invite and you also conveniently made it that he's the only one in the group with a pistol, meaning that you basically have to give in to his demands or he'll shoot you. another issue arises when the three of them are arguing, the mom escapes to attempt to grab a phone from the bedroom. in a situation like this, you should definitely have at least one person guarding this very important room at all times, in case they try to escape. the mom is able to make it to her room safely after grabbing a phone from her bedroom, luckily for all the robbers. however, the phone cannot get signal from within the panic room. they realized that one of the burglars is a [ __ ] dumbass, and rather than cut the landline to the phone, he just cut the cord to the phone, meaning the mother and the daughter used the wires from the landline to hook up to their mobile phone, giving them access to a call. the good news is the lady called her husband rather than the police first, meaning that the police aren't actually contacted yet. the robbers were also able to smash the box, stopping all the landlines. this is where the robber that looks like a skinny version of drake decides to call it quits. so he walks at the door. however, ravuel has some serious anger issues and executes him on the spot. honestly, this isn't actually the worst decision by rap world to shoot the other robber who decided to quit. because if that guy quits and he finds out you guys got the money, he might rat you out to the police. however, before they can get all emotional about skinny drake dying, the woman's ex-husband comes home because he was called earlier. so they take him hostage at this point, because there's violence and killing involved. the black robber also wants out. however, the white dude holds up there and basically said, if you don't tell me an idea to get into that room in 3 seconds, i'm going to shoot you. so they come up with the most evil plan possible. they bring the dad to the security camera and start beating them until they say the wife and children come out of the panic room. personally, i think this is a very risky idea, because the mom might not even care about the dad anymore, since they said earlier that she's going through a divorce. meanwhile, at the same time, the daughter really needs to leave the panic room because she has diabetes and her blood sugar is getting uncontrolled, and there's nothing she can regulate it with inside the panic room. okay, i know i was supposed to help the burglars win this movie, but i couldn't help it. couldn't the mother and daughter just have left when they were beating the dad up? and this would technically help the burglars win too. because if those two left the panic room, the burglars can just get what they want and leave, and everyone gets out safe. well, except for the dad, maybe. because the daughter's diabetes is getting so bad, the mother is forced to leave the room to go grab insulin from the nearby freezer. if the burglars were just waiting outside the door, like they told them to multiple times in the movie, this would be over, because they could just let the woman and the daughter go and get what they want from the safe. before the mother gets back to the panic room, the two buglers beat her to it, and they see her kid on the floor. luckily, they don't end up doing anything to her. but they could have just closed the door and opened the safe and left. it's not like the woman can hurt them or anything. so one of the burglars go downstairs to go retrieve the power tools to open up the safe that's inside the panic room. however, he runs into the woman. and the mom just completely [ __ ] runs him over. instead of camping out the doorway, he could have just went back to the panic room and waited for her to show up. or even better yet, you could have just let the daughter go. that way, the daughter and the mother would both leave. there ends up being a really big fight, which results in the two criminals as well as a daughter ending up in the panic room, while the mom is on the outside. the police end up showing up because the husband, who came earlier and just got his ass beat, called the police. luckily for the criminals, the woman is actually kind of smart and doesn't immediately confess the crimes that they did, otherwise they would have killed his daughter. meanwhile, the two criminals inside the panic room take out their power tools and start drilling into the safe. and we'll quickly see what was inside. inside the safe, there were millions dollars worth of bonds with the government bonds in hand. the two robbers then leave the panic room, hoping to leave the entire house in general, and escape before the cops show up. however, bravol decides, even though they're at the doorway to get outside of the house, he still wants to continue to hold the daughter hostage, which i cannot comprehend. just drop the daughter and run away. since he doesn't do this, he gets sledge hammered from behind. seeing this, the black dude literally gets outside and runs away. he's almost outside of the house, but then he turns around and looks, he sees red wool beating the family 1v3. and as a result, he goes back and helps and executes raoul. however, because of that, the cops show up on time, and he loses all the money he came and worked so hard for. honestly, if i were in the burger in this situation and 22 million dollars were at stake, i would let the family 1v3 themselves. in fact, they have a pistol, so there's actually a good chance they end up winning. and that's how the movie ends. all the burglars didn't follow any of my advice, unfortunately, so they all end up dead or captured. overall, i give the villains in this movie a villain score of a 2 out of 10 because they were just so unprepared. and if any of those bad things that happened to them didn't happen, they would have gotten away with all the money without even having to kill anyone. i just want to thank everyone who watches my videos and has subscribed recently. recently i've blown up a lot, and i really appreciate all of you. however, i just checked my subscription list, and over 80 percent of you that watch my videos are not subscribed. so don't be a stingy [ __ ] and hit that subscribe button. it's literally free. and as usual, have a good representative [Music], cause i'm 