yo. this is recap wraps. this episode is sponsored by hbo max, so we're going to go ahead and cover the superhero smash, starring the sexiest submariner in all the seven seas, aquaman. here we go. far from gotham's gangs and mobsters. this hero hails from the land of lobster. born from legends of mythology, who run the hottest club below the sea. pops found a royal who fled her home, love at the first goldfish to the dome, start a famine. now it's a lit house. water bots raid. kimmy got a dip out. arthur grows up, fishy friends in tow, mentored by man bun defoe, till he's tatted and named stone cold. super hottie styled like a roadie at an after party. high tech pirate in the family biz on the way to being crowned arch nemesis when daddy's left to die by the so-called hero. moral gray area. breakfast beers though. politics and the briny deep. pat wilson want to decimate the surface peeps. ivan drucker tries to burst his bubble, but you can't expect a guy who has sharks to be subtle as a warning from storm and norman earth white tsunami hit like global warming could be the end for pops and art and stirring up conspiracies. randall park, erratic tale. but now i understand more why most of the ocean stays unexplored. eighty percent of it is mystery stuff. no need to find atlanta's cause we know enough. sharks and meals are straight up nightmarish. i wanna stop well before they found the angler in town, deflects her atlantean ability to deus ex jupo spitting morning the trident. mcguffin seems to show. but waterbots keep interrupting. aryan douche, hawaiian stud for the story's purpose, they share some blood. the society is as advanced as it gets. still, they got a gladiator battle to the death. the ring of fire ain't the weirdest part. with that giant octopus doing ringo. starr tried and stabs, mainly bubble screams. call it a draw. there are intervenes. baywatch struts. come on. lap it up. trek through the desert in africa. think cold chasm. get the tube, liquidy, hollow switzer bottle. land. now it's up to italy. meanwhile, magic gets a new deal broker, daft punk helmet and a super soaker paints are black tankers with attack. ain't evil till we hear the new vocal effect. normal first state, snacking on bouquets. find a clue. then black man to ruin the day. lay waste to a coastal town. once lovely, but this ain't nancy's night to get lucky. probably concussed, and that hurts like hell. even worse, i bet he crashed in a pile of kelp. a drummond octopus would stop my heart. i won't even wait into the shallow parts. stoppage, crabs and enemies. it's all the devil's work. tell me you haven't freaked out when seaweed grazes your leg, you know what i mean? or just by shape of water. stab him on the spot ally with his daughter, locks up the foe on tyrannical king the whip for being honest. he was also complicit. meredith, flirting like ron burgundy. swarm of fish. zombies rise up from underneath, chased through a vortex. this could be it. fam rescue from their ultimate undoing. my kidnapping. livin as a herbert's a remote but of course, conveniently close to the glorified fork. battle tentacles to live the dream bomb the orange green, but i miss the jeans. form a bigger deuce than he has to be. ocean master. sounds fascisty. steam crab looks preposterous till a man rides on a lobster foot, schooling all the fish from whale the krill to commit homicides against the will. gets on 101. but come on, he's got the thing cut him down in public, and now he's the king doctor manta hat. and meet agent wu, who's real magic trick is booking two cu's back to maine. now the tale's been told. till next time, let the credits lobster roll. that was aquaman, y'all. and this is recap wraps. i'm gonna throw it over to my boys. but remember, the ocean is a terrifying place and we should just leave alone. okay. we'll see y'all next time. thanks. ryan. great song, by the way. and we want to give a big thanks to hbo max for sponsoring this video. as you may be aware, hbo max is a streaming platform with tons of great content, including a lot of superhero titles. and since we do a lot of superhero stuff on our channel, we thought we'd share with you the top five dc titles we think you should watch on hbo max. number five is 2019's joker, which you can see on hbo through hbo max. this one was a very intense, not a comedy. no, not a comedy at all. you'd think with the name of the joker, you think with joker, it would be, but no, it is, uh, it's a little bit more serious, but, i mean, it's a lot more serious. yeah, it's a really interesting take on the joker, and it has really great performances, and it's like, unique. and i think people should see it at least once. yeah, so that's why it's on the list. yeah. coming in at number four, we have shazam. absolutely love this movie. for me, it's so secure. and what it's trying to do. a lot of movies nowadays they almost apologize for the wackier elements. here it's like, nope, it's shazam. you're gonna get the wizard, you're gonna get some wacky villains. ah, it's great. at number three, we have the animated series, harley quinn. this is so good. it's really cool to see good adult animated comedy. it's rick and morty-esque, but i do like that it has a more continuing narrative that depicts sort of this mini redemptive arc of harley quinn, of her trying to become a better person, not like a good person, she's still very much a villain, but a better person. what a better person? it's got a great story, and it says a lot of f words, but it earns those f words. yeah, f yeah. at number two we have batman, the animated series. oh boy. what do we say about this? it's one of the best animated things ever made. every aspect of it is great, from storytelling, animation, the voices, voice acting. it features like the most seminal takes of all the characters. it's just a great, wonderful series that, if you haven't watched, shame on you. fix it now. and number one, the dark knight. look, batman is the best. this is, there's a lot of batman on this list, scientifically, batman is the best. dark knight. if you love the trilogy, you have to watch one. is the gold standard. it's so it's meticulously beautifully crafted. heath ledger's joker. every moment that he's on or you even think he's gonna be there, you are gripped. i can watch it a million times and still just feel all of the same emotions, even though i know exactly what they're gonna do. the dark knight. it's awesome. and there it is. that's our top five list of things you should check out on hbo max. obviously, there's a lot of other great titles to check out. uh, this is just a primer to get you started and keep you busy for for a long while, like a weekend. yeah. so to get started, click the link in the description to sign up and start streaming instantly. they've got a lot of great plans, like the all-new hbo max with ads, which is only 9.99 a month. once again, big thanks to hbo max for sponsoring this video. hbo max, everything you love, all in one place. you 