Kingdom Hearts 3 has finally been released. and whilst the finale is dividing a lot of fans, there is still a lot to unpack from it. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down the ending of the game and giving my thoughts on the meaning behind the final scene. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you're yet to complete the game, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I play it, so you don't have to. in the finale of Kingdom Hearts 3, we watch as the heroes finally reunite on destiny Island after saving the day from Saiyan odd. everyone seems like they have all found happiness. and we watch is Carrie and Sora set on the power country. just as we think the two are about to kiss, Sora vanishes faster than Thanos can say, you should have gone for the head. and it appears that the character is gone. whilst there is currently a wealth of speculation over whether he died, vanished or became something else, I personally believe that he was never really there and has, sadly, already passed away or went somewhere else. during this scene, I think that the heroes are actually looking over and seeing Carrie sitting on her own crying. and they are simply imagining what it would be like if Sora was there. this is more of a symbolic scene rather than a literal one, and I would hypothesize that Sora sacrificed himself for Carrie. the POW putri is symbolic because in prior games, Carrie and Sora shed fruit from it, and thus their destinies were intertwined, something that Riku informed them of at the time. from this, we can imagine that the heroes are looking at two people who shared their destinies with one another, and they are imagining them together, before coming to the realization that Sora does not actually exist anymore. because he gave his life, he was able to get everyone else back home, except for himself. and this symbolic look at the tree showcases that though everyone is home safe and has the character in their hearts, that he's not actually there, though their memories of him at the symbolic location of will forever live on. while scary originally looked sad upon touching Sora's hand in the vision she begins to smile. and I think this is the gratitude and happiness that she feels when she imagines the character and all that he did for her. it's a really touching aspect of the story that is sure to make some gamers cry. really makes you think about the character and the series. once we don't have any concrete answers, and probably won't for a while, it's still fun to speculate over this final scene. and I'd obviously love to hear your thoughts in the comments on it. do you agree with me or have your own theory? please make sure you leave them below. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of all the endings of Resident Evil 2 remake, which we linked at the end. this is a channel for the hardcore players, so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition that. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 