this tree has a heart. and the root of the tree turns out to be an old woman. she's been buried here for more than 10 years. this old woman has a big secret. it is raining hard that day, and this woman is about to feed the monstrous old woman. she is vinneak's great grandmother, chained up in a separate room vineyard. and his younger brother, satisha, decides to feed their great-grandmother by their own they've never entered this room before. viniak orders satisha to enter the room. luckily, their mom appears in time and scolds at the kids because they may be eaten by the great grandmother. their mom enters the room and uses a special knife to cut her nails. the whole family always takes good care of her because she knows how to find the treasure the day their dad passes away. so the mother proposes leaving tumbi for pune. however, satasha has an accident. he gets badly hurt after falling from a tree, forcing his mother to take him for help. she tells vinayak he will have to feed his grandmother that night. she also warns him that if the old woman wakes up, he should say the name haster, to make her sleep. haster is the son of goddess of prosperity. it's time for the old woman to eat. as vinayak tries to feed her, the monstrous and hungry old woman attacks and shackles him to eat him. luckily, he eventually remembers hester's name and uses it to make her fall asleep. meanwhile, sadashiv dies on the way to the doctor. so his mother returns, and the next day, she and vinayak leave tumbit for pune. she forces vinayak to promise never return to tumbid. 14 years past, and vinayak grows up. desperate to escape his life of poverty. vinayak returns to tumbid. he enters the separate room where the old woman used to live. he thinks she has died. however, the old woman with now a tree growing out of her body, but warns him he will be cursed to turn into a monster like her if he touches the treasure. the old woman wants to end her prolonged suffering, so she tells him, tells about the goddess of prosperity. she is the symbol of unlimited gold and the earth is her womb. there is a will leads to the goddess's womb where haster dwells. finally, vineyard finds the treasure. it is the goddess's gold. he offers his first gold coin to the opia merchant raga to pay off a debt from then he leads a rich, happy life. one day he gets 16 gold coins, but ryder doesn't have enough money to pay him. raga follows vinayak to the tambid mansion. however, vinayak has discovered that, so he tricks raghav into descending into hastur's well. vinayak gets out of the well, and there are some gold coins in his hands. seeing that, ragged immediately descends into the well. he then finds out a box, but there's no gold coin inside it. there is another well, they're only wriggling walls all around. he then discovers an iron box, and there's a doe doll inside. after he hears a strange noise, pastor has appeared and viciously attacks raga, turning him into a monster and mutating him into the walls of the womb. at this time, vinayak arrives. he deliberately puts the doe doll inside the box. it turns out that haster has been hungry for years. he desires flour. so he makes dolls out of dough to lure haster inside the goddess's womb. while he is distracted by the food, vinayak swipes at haster's loincloth containing the gold. then he climbs up a long rope. before haster finishes eating vineyard. regularly repeats the procedure to steal dropped coins. after that, he gets married to a pretty woman. 14 years later, vinayak is weak and unable to climb up and down, so he decides to take pandering his son to the mansion to train him for the same purpose. one day, pajarang reveals he has already collected 19 gold coins. so vinayak lets him descend the well. at first they have to make dough dolls so that haster will appear. vanaya tells his son not to bring the dodo down. he just wants his son to familiarize with the environment. pangerang is a bit frightened. in fact, he secretly brings a dodo, and haster unexpectedly attacks. viniak arrives in time and rescues him. panjarang still tries to steal dropped coins. getting out the well, he gives these gold coins to vinaya, but vineyard hides him for nearly getting them touched. therefore, vineyard doesn't allow his son to come near the well. he shows pangerang the gold coins he has. they can lead a rich life with these coins. but pangerang suggests stealing hastur's loincloth by making dozens of dough dolls to distract haster. that night, they make dozens of doe dolls. however, thing is not like they thought. when vinayak takes out two dolls, two hasters appear. then the two of them become trapped inside the womb with no hope of escaping. vineyard ties the dolls to his body to act as bait. once the coast is clear, pangerang climbs back to the surface to see his father being mutated into a monster. outside the well, viniak presents him with fellow cloth that he stole from haster, but panjarang refuses to take it. sobbing at seeing what his father turned into, pandering, reluctantly sets viniak on fire and leaves like share and subscribe my page. if you like this video, you 