welcome back to recap cinema. today i will show you a south korean dramatic thriller released in 2019, called parasite. there are spoilers ahead. watch out and enjoy. this is a story about two families who are strangely brought together in a twist of fate. at the beginning, you are shown how the first family is living due to their financial struggles in life, and how each resource they own is extremely limited. here you can see the father following a tutorial on how to fold pizza boxes so he can get his work done faster. while doing so, they have a chemical gas poured through their windows, which he sees as free extermination. when the family hand in their work the next day, they get told that it isn't good enough, and they are going to have their paydoct so the kids bargain for more. that evening, a man urinates in front of their home, showing disrespect. they tell their son to do something about it, but his friend then arrives and fixes the situation. he is more well-off than them and says his granddad has got a gift to give them. on the box is a ornate gold lock that looks very expensive. he is extremely intrigued. and his friend says it's a rock that supposedly brings big wealth to whoever owns it. him and his friend then go and catch up over a drink at the local store. here they discuss about a girl his friend is tutoring, and how when he goes away to college, he could take his place and lie about having an english major, as her family aren't the brightest, they wouldn't know. here they start to discuss the plan of how his sister is going to forge a letter from oxford university so they can fool the family even further with his false major. as a finishing touch, she places a stamp of approval. he shows his father the forged document and explains how the plan is going to work and how this could bring them lots of money. his father is extremely proud as he walks off to where he is going. here you see him arriving at the family's home and ringing the buzzer. he is taken back with how big and impressive it all looks. as he walks through the large oak door into the garden, revealing the monument of the house in front of him. he takes in his surroundings. this is where you first see how big the division between his and their life really is. the nanny greets him at the door and brings him inside, clearing up kids toys as she goes, and explaining how the little boy leaves a tip everywhere. she tells him to sit and wait while she gets the mother. here you get to see the first image of their supposedly perfect family on a mural on the wall. as he looks out the window, the nanny claps in the woman's face to wake her up. they then sit and talk about how the woman is sad his friend has gone away to college, and hopes that he is just as good at tutoring her daughter as he was. she explains how she would usually sit in the first lesson and says, in english, is that okay? which comes across in a rather creepy manner. here you see the daughter studying. he is tentatively inspecting the work she does. as she answers a question, he grabs her wrist to check her heart rate. the mother is shocked. he explains that if she was confident in her answer, her heart rate would remain calm. yet it peaked, showing her nerves in a direct voice, he says that she should always follow what her heart feels is right, and it will end up okay in the end. as the mother is counting out the pace she is going to give him, we see that she clearly underpays him, which the boy doesn't realize yet. she then offers for him to stay for a snack as the nanny brings fruit in. in the background of these scenes, you can see her son playing the game indians. she seems to get very startled and flustered by this, as if she is on edge. he is quite imaginative and has artistic talent, which the mother then goes to show the boy. the mother then goes on to explain that they have never been able to keep an art teacher too long because of his erratic behavior. in response, the boy sees an opportunity and explains how he knows someone who has an art major that would be perfect for the job. the woman seems thrilled about this and invites her for an interview instantly. in reality, this person is his sister. the little boy is then seen spying on the girl. when his sister smacks his head and takes his place, she glares around the corner with a skull in her eye. it then jumps back to her english lesson, where she is trying to find out whether he fancies the girl or not. however, he has to play it off as not to give away they are related. she gets upset as she thinks that he doesn't find her as attractive as the girl he introduced to the mother. he then goes on to explain that she is as beautiful as a flower, but this isn't to do with the english lesson at hand. they then stare at each other longingly, and finally share an intimate kiss. the mother then seems quite flustered as she is showing the art teacher to the boys room. even though she usually sits in on the first lesson the girl requests, she leaves them b to become acquainted. we then see the mother rushing to the cellar to get a drink so that she has an excuse to go up and see what's happening. however, as she comes back up, the teacher and the boy are sat at the table waiting already. she quickly walks to the table, and we can already see that the boy's behavior is dramatically improved. since earlier in the film, the mother sits to speak to the teacher as she is told that the boy is displaying an element of stress through his work, and wondering whether there was any trauma in his younger years, which there was, as you could see by her reaction. she then points to his other work, as there seems to be a repeat of the stressed area shown. the teacher explains that this is why he can be erratic. the father then arrives home. he introduces himself to the girl and tells her that his driver will take her home, as it's dark outside and not safe for a young girl to walk alone. when she is in the car, the two are chatting, and when she asks us to be dropped at the station instead of her door, he becomes very pushy and tried to take her home. she sees an opportunity for her family's plan and removes her underwear, hiding it under the seat. here you can see the family discussing how the plan is going. and the daughter explains how she has made the mother believe she knows what she is doing by just googling art therapy phrases, as well as the trap she has set in the driver's car. you then see the father back with the driver, when he discovers some underwear in front of his seat. he looks disgusted and confused. he then arrives back home, startling his wife and taking her to the kitchen to show what he has found. he proceeds to call the driver a scumbag. while the wife looks horrified. they go on to discuss how they are shocked he could do something like this to them, in the father's seat no less. the father then starts to question the type of woman that would leave their underwear behind. he says how it's normal to leave an earring or hair, but you would have to be on drugs to forget your own private garments. he tells the mother to relax. while this conversation is happening, you can see the teacher he's dropping at the stairs before she then pretends to come down from the lesson. the two are startled by this, hiding the underwear swiftly. as the mother is walking her out, she carefully asks if the teacher noticed anything suspicious or weird when being driven home the other day. the teacher explains how pushy he was about where she lived. but she wouldn't reveal it to him. she then asks if something happened, which the mother quickly tries to move past, saying she is too innocent for it. the teacher then plants the next seed, explaining how an older driver is better to have, as they are more experienced and careful. she explains how her family may know somebody that could step in, which the mother is ecstatic about, as she greets her dogs, saying she seriously wants to meet them. we then see the father preparing to replace the driver as he arrives at his new boss's place of work to introduce himself, showing his manners the whole time. here you see the two chatting as the boss says that this isn't a test. during the whole ride, the father is reaching a level of understanding and respect while showing how good he is at what he does. the boss is impressed by his vast knowledge of the roads. you then see and glance at his coffee and chuckle as he is shocked by how smooth the ride actually is, as he iterates that not a single drop spilt. the next phase is then started. the current nanny is highly allergic to peaches, even the fuss sets are off. so the family start to collect peach fuzz and plant it around her constantly in order to make it seem like the nanny has some illness. she is then seen at the hospital, which the father manages to catch on camera. this then obviously concerns the mother massively. you can see him practicing his lines in order to make the speech that she has tv more believable. here you see the teacher receives a text to plant the final dose of peach around her, so that when the mother gets home, all she can see is the nanny coughing and spluttering. the father walks over to the bin, places hot sauce on the tissue as to make it look like blood, and shows the mother. she is horrified by this and instantly passes out. we then see the nanny has been fired, making it time to plant the next seed. the driver hands his boss a car that says the care he explains it's a high class subscription service where you can hire discreet housekeepers. the boss seems impressed and takes his driver's advice. he gets his wife to phone the number, as she isn't the brightest. when they ask for personal financial details, she hands them straight over, no questions asked. the new nanny is now all set in place. the family are then seen packing to go on holiday, trusting that they can leave the house in the care of their nanny, as she fits right into their life. she fits so much that while they are away, we see the family making themselves so at home that the house could actually be their own. they truly are soaking it all in. later, as they are spending time together, we see the weather change dramatically, which gives a very eerie atmosphere to what is going on at the house. while they are sat talking about how in the future, this could all be theirs, they hear a sound through the door, buzzer. this startles them. the mother goes over and sees that it's the old maid. she seems to be extremely persistent when ringing the buzzer, and even describes the photo above the screen to try and prove she is who she says she is. she manages to get herself inside by saying that she forgot something in the basement. once she is inside, you can see how battered her face is. she then makes her way down to the basement, much to the mother's surprise. we then see her trying to push the cupboard away from a hidden door on the wall. she gets the door open, and we see her stumble down a green lit hallway and down some stairs. the twisted shock is that she is then seen comforting a grown man that's been living in the basement. she goes on to say she cut the security camera wire so nobody knows she is there. so the mother decides she should call her boss, as she is begging her not to. you see that the man isn't quite all there. the family then slip on the stairway. the woman sees that she has some leverage and starts recording it. as her husband crawls up the stairs. she says that if the nanny calls the boss, then she will send them this to show they are faking it. she makes them kneel painfully to embarrass them, until eventually a fight breaks out for the phone. everybody is piling on top of each other aggressively. suddenly they freeze still as they hear the phone ring. it's the mother phoning to let her know they are on their way back because of a flood in the road, and to make sure they have some ramen ready to eat as they get in the door. as she is rushing to get the food done, you see the father dragging the man and his wife down the stairs and tying them up so that they can't escape. as the family walk upstairs, the daughter manages to slip under the table. then as the boss walks to the kitchen, the mother kicks the woman back down the basement stairs, knocking her out. the father drags the woman to the door and rushes down to check on the man. as you see him smacking his head against the wall aggressively. the mother is sat with a nanny discussing the trauma her son has had. on his last birthday, he snuck down to eat some cake when a man's head appeared at the top of the basement stairs, his eyes bulging out his face. the boy now refuses to spend his birthday home. little do they know that that man isn't a ghost, but living under their house. the father breaks the basement handle so they can't escape, and hides under the table. as the family come down, as the boy is camping in the garden. the parents decide to sleep on the sofa, where the father hears all the awful things being said about him. once they are asleep, the family are able to slide out from the table and run towards the door, making their grand escape into the rain. they get to the garage and manage to sneak out. here you see them running all the way downtown, where the flood has gotten so bad that people's homes are having to be evacuated, including theirs. the sewage water had gotten so high into their home that nothing was salvageable except the fortune rock and a few personal items. because of this, the family are forced to stay in a shelter until the storm has ended, leaving them looking extremely distraught. the next morning, the teacher receives a call that there is going to be a party for the little boy's birthday, and that he wants her to come to show the divide even more. we see the family fighting for clothes while the woman just picks hers out. they then go on to help set up the party by buying food and placing tables out. the woman goes on to make rude comments about the smell coming from the driver, before eventually arriving and greeting with her friends. for the party, the driver is asked to act out indians and cowboys for the little boy, while the daughter is asked to be the cake queen that presents it to him in this elaborate birthday scheme. while this is happening in the bunker, the son is checking on the two that are down there, when he gets choked by the man. he tries to escape, but gets yanked backwards by the coil and had his head battered in by the same rock that was meant to bring them luck. the man then makes his way up to the party and, in a rage, stabs the daughter in the chest. the little boy sees this and passes out instantly. in all of the madness, the father sees that his son is gushing blood from his head. he is frozen still, so he throws his boss the keys to the car, but they land underneath the man that's been living in the basement. here they meet for the first time in a state of pure anger, and a shock to us all, the father runs at his boss, stabbing the knife through his chest, then runs into the distance, escaping the crime scene. later on, we then see that the boy managed to survive all of his injuries. however, he has severe brain damage and can't control how he reacts. to a lot of things. due to all of this, he is relieved from his sentence and goes on spending his days with his mother. unfortunately, his sister didn't survive the stabbing. as time passes and he gradually gets better, he looks into where his father could have gone, as he seems to have disappeared into thin air. he seems to find himself constantly going back to the house where it all happened, which is where he notices the hall light flickering in an odd pattern. he records each light on his phone and tirelessly translates it into morse code. it's a message from his father. we can now see how the father managed to survive all this time. after he started to run, he managed to slip through the garage and up the stairs, and all the commotion, nobody seemed to notice. he then chose to hide out in the basement seller learning to morse code, a message for his son, as he knew that he would be able to work it out. the son goes on to explain how when he gets older and has money of his own, he will come back to the house and buy it. the day they move in, all the father will have to do is walk up the basement stairs to the garden where they will be waiting with open arms. but for now, that is all a hopeful dream. who knows when this could really happen. 