diana, hello mother. how are you today? she should at least be able to defend herself from whom you will train her harder than any amazon before her. but she must never know the truth about what she is or how she came to be. i'm one of the good guys, and those are the bad guys. we know nothing about who they are and why they came name is captain steve trevor. pilot american expeditionary forces. what the hell is this thing? the lasso of hestia compels you to reveal the truth? i am spy. british intelligence got word that the leader of the german army, general ludendorff. but our intel was wrong. the germans had the turks building bombs for them, and not just bombs, new weapons. the boys in the trenches called her dr poison. get these notes back to british intelligence in time. you could stop millions more from dying. after everything, the man said, this must be airy. so you will do nothing unless your queen, i will show you the way of the island and you will take me to aries deal. i'm going, mother. i cannot stand by while innocent lives are lost. this belongs to the greatest worry in our history, our beloved. entirely. make sure you're worthy of it for you to restore your strength. welcome to jolly old london. it's here. yeah, it's not for everybody. captain trevor. i believe you have something that is the property of general ludendorff. she is, uh and i are working together. it's a formula for a new kind of gas, mustard gas, hydrogen based instead of soil. if it is used, it will kill everyone on both sides. they will all die. that is what soldiers do, and it's the best way of stopping the wall. captain, you will do nothing. i'm here to help, unofficially, of course. if there's another weapons facility, find it and destroy it along with ludendorff and morrow. there's enough here for a few days. diana, so stay very, very still for me, my friends, please. so important. well, how the hell do we get it? i'm coming with you. no, you're not coming with what you're wearing isn't exactly, uh, undercover. you know nothing of the gods. wherever he goes, you follow. dana, they're dead. they're all dead. i could have saved them if it weren't for you. you stopped me from killing by reading this world of you forever. if you believe that this war should stop, if you want to stop it, help me stop it right now. i have to go. they only deserve distraction. you. i am not what you thought i was. all i ever wanted was for the gods to see how evil my father's creation was. and i'm here to complete her me. and he's not the god you are. zeus left the child he had with the queen of the amazons as a weapon to use against me mankind. this world from us. they ruined it, day by day. all these years, i have struggled alone with spreading into their ears. and we could return this world to that paradise it was before them. i could never be a part of that. i need you guys to clear me a path to that planet. let's see what kind of god you really are. lead his anti-bad i could save today. you could save the world. i love you. he used to want to save the world, to end war and bring peace to mankind. but then i glimpsed the darkness that lives within their light. and now i know that only love can truly save the world. this is my mission now. forever, 