genius billionaire and playboy, Tony Stark, who has inherited the defense contractor Stark Industries from his father, is in war-torn Afghanistan with his friend and military liaison Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes, to demonstrate the new Jericho missile. the convoy is ambushed and Stark is critically wounded by one of his own rocket-propelled grenades. he is captured and imprisoned in a cave by the terrorist group the ten rings. and an electromagnet is grafted into his chest by fellow captive yinsen, to keep the shrapnel shell shards that wounded him from reaching his heart and killing him. star Canyon sance secretly built a powerful electric generator called an arc reactor to power Starks electromagnet and a suit of power armor to aid in their escape. although they keep the suit hidden. almost to completion, the ten rings attacked the workshop. when they discover their intentions, yinsen sacrifices himself to divert them, while that suit powers up the armors. stark battles his way out of the cave to find the dying instant then, in anger, burns the ten rings weapons and flies away, crashing in the desert and destroying the suit. after being rescued by Rhodes, stark returns home and announces that his company will no longer manufacture weapons. Obadiah Stane, his father's old partner, the company's manager, advises Stark that this may ruin Stark Industries and his father's like a seat in his home workshop, Stark builds an improved version of a suit as well as a more powerful arc reactor for his chest. personal assistant, Pepper Potts, places the original reactor inside a small glass showcase. no stain, requests details. stark keeps his work to himself. at a charity event held by Stark Industries, reporter Christine Everhart informs Stark that his company's weapons, including the Jericho, were recently delivered to the ten rings and are being used to attack Hinson's home village. film mera. Sark also learned Stane is trying to replace him as head of the company. and raged by these revelations, Stark Don's his new armor and flies to Afghanistan, where he saves the incensed village. while flying home, Stark is shot up by two f-22 Raptor fighter jets. he reveals a secret identity to Rhodes over the phone in an attempt to end the attack. meanwhile, the ten rings gather the pieces of Starks prototype suit and meet with Stane, who subdues razza with a sonic device and has the rest of the group killed. Stane has a new suit reverse engineered from the wreckage, seeking to find any other weapons delivered to the ten rings. Stark sends pepper to hack into the company computer system from staines office. she discovers Dana's been supplying the terrorists and hired the ten rings to kill Stark, but the group reneged. Potts meets with agent Phil Coulson of shield, a counterterrorism agency, to inform him of staines activities. dane scientists cannot duplicate Starks arc reactor, so stain ambushes start at home and takes his though. stark manages to get his original reactor to replace the taken one. pots and several shield agents attempt to arrest stain, but he dons his suit and attacks them. stark fight stain, but his outmatched. without his new reactor to run his suit at full capacity. Stark lers stain atop the Stark Industries building and instructs Potts to overload the large arc reactor there. this unleashes a massive electrical surge that causes stain on his armor to fall into the exploding reactor, killing him. the next day, at a press conference, stark admits to being the superhero the press has dubbed Iron Man. truth is, I am Iron Man. in a post-credits scene, shield director Nick Fury visits stark at home, telling him that Iron Man is not the only superhero in the world and explaining that he wants to discuss the Avengers initiative, 