[Music], Magister, hey guys. nice to see you. Ryan here with Greg, and we are breaking down a true detective season 3. yes, we are. now, before we get started, obviously there are spoilers ahead. so if you haven't finished this episode yet, go finish that, then come on back here. make sure you'd like to subscribe, because we're gonna break down the entire season of True detective starting today. all right. Greg our overall thoughts of the episode. okay, yes. return to form. it's the best way to say yeah. honestly, it felt like I just just finished watching season 1, and then rehearsal, all Ollie shows up, and we're back in it for season 3. listen, I love season 2, by the way. I like hope elements from that season come back. so sorry the Greg just said that to you guys. I'm alone on an island on that one. but I'm sorry. but there are some things from season 2 that they can really bring in this season. we'll talk about that throughout the season though, in general. but for now, what we saw in episode 1, good stuff. I agree with you. yeah, really good stuff. really strong start to the season. we got a two hour, 2 hour the first two episodes premiering this week. we're gonna go through episode we go through episode 1 today, and then episode 2 will do later in the week. very much in the same tone as season 1. oh, I feel like season season 1 was started off so strong and then kind of tapered off towards the end that I would say the season finale wasn't, you know, a little bit overhyped, but, um, still a very good season of television. and then season 2, for myself at least, it really took a deep dip. it was, it was a little hangover. I'm sorry I hit you with too much noir. I'm sorry. yeah, that's just what it was. but this one was, is an excellent start. we're back into the, we're in the ozarks, kind of the arc outside of arc of Fayetteville, Arkansas. yeah. and it has that same kind of feel as we did it back in in Louisiana, you know, very intentionally, got very intentional. NIC pizzolatto, obviously, he kind of took some of the the feedback and criticism, so to speak, of what what happened, in the blowback from season two. and I think that we're gonna have a really strong season of television here. now, episode one is titled the Great War in modern memory. it's based on a book. mhm, specifically, the book talks about world war one. now, obviously, in this context, it's not about world war one. but the book was, that was, was written by Paul Facel in 1975, and it was about world war one, like I said, all the combat and specifically, like trench warfare, and how that, you know, affected an entire generation beyond, you know, completely changing how people thought, people felt about mankind society based off that one huge, obviously great with the great Wars. and but in context for the show, it's dealing with Wayne, A's our main character, and his dealings in the Vietnam War. and really, this case, itself works, we're gonna break down a second, it dives into that, and also the effects it has on the people around him as well. yep. now, not only is a war relevant in this context, but also the Purcell case, the case that is involved in the season three, about some missing children in the Fayetteville, Arkansas area, and how that event can, like, in itself to a war, and someone's experience at war, and and how it kind of changes how you think, far beyond, far beyond the event, I think enough changes. how you think one of the big things are gonna have this year is memory issues? yeah, with our main character, Wayne himself, and how he has to deal with that. so you never know what's gonna happen from episode to episode. take note, living a nice stand if you need it. now, we have three different timelines we're dealing with with three if true detective we have 1980, 1990 and then 2015. so one year where they're working the case, next year, detectives at their desk jobs. now, we're just noticing that in the first two episodes. and 2015 we have in the old Wayne Hayes, who has, looks like he's suffering way more from his dementia, Alzheimer's. yeah, it's really kicking it at this point. so, yeah, and there's uncertainty, you know, he'd be, yeah, he falls farther into uncertainty. in the 1980 timeline, he seems like a very sharp, very smart detective. you know, he's using his skills from Vietnam as a long-range reconnaissance patrolman to, you know, crack this case. and then ten years later, he kind of, some of the details are a little bit foggy. and then no much. yeah, and then another 25 years later, it's he he misses kintyre, pieces of the puzzle, and he's kind of, he needs to like, kind of go back to that or get reminded of it. and then it kind of pops back into his memory, including his own wife. I hope this doesn't turn into a MacGuffin his memory loss, or it's like, the time is ticking here. we gotta get to this final clue before it's gone for you. I really hope they don't have that element to this, but I do like where they're going so far. no, I think this is a very effective way to use the timelines. and it is about literally, his, this the dissident Gration of his, his memory, and how we, how we remember things in it. you know, do you really experience it if you don't know what happened to you, and all that kind of stuff. but, you know, as opposed to like, a show like West world, where, you know, Bernards going around timelines a memory or kind of used just to kind of screw with us, I feel a certain points and not, you know, there is what I don't want, that's what I don't want, is, I don't know, I feel like this is in the air. yeah. I feel like this might be a little bit better use of the timelines, as opposed to how West world did it. okay, so the setting for this season is just outside Fayetteville, Arkansas. so we're looking at Ozarks. what was it? season two was LA, and season 1 was Louisiana. yeah. in fun fact, they almost shot season 1 of true detective in Arkansas, but they opted for Louisiana because there's more tax breaks for them to shoot there. so this feels very much like, as we mentioned before, season 1, a return to form. Jeremy Sonya even like how he shoots the first two episodes, very unsettling, full of tension. and he's a master at these small towns. and that's bringing drama and and and there's grit to it and kind of a supernatural feel. and some of the shots, it was very like an eerie feeling the entire time. you don't know who to trust. we're led to, you know, think that everyone's kind of guilty. and just a very perfect timing in setting for this season. okay, let's break down this case. now, the Purcell case, Julie and will go missing, and their two detectives taking care of that case are Wayne Hayes, played by, rehearsal Holly and Rowland West's played by Stephen Dorff. Stephen Dorff a long time coming from blade. it took you had to, I was like, wait, that's him. yeah, yeah. I had to tell you, remind you that I actually think the Stephen dorks gonna have a little bit of a comeback after, after watching his performance. he's awesome. he's awesome in this shows as an ally is, like, probably the best actor we have out there, TV and film, I don't know, is incredible in this performance. and, yeah, a disappearance of two kids that are just going on their bikes, don't come home after, you know, dad tells them to come home at a certain time, and gets dark and and we have no idea what happened to them. and we kind of get different perspectives on what went down that that fateful evening. um, I love how it was shot with this kind of a slow-mo panning through the city of the neighbors that you don't mysterious like an Agatha Christie, yeah, setting you up, giving you the characters a little bit here, the whodunit by but at the same time, this is true detective Edie. I don't think they're gonna show their hand that scene, but they want to get you the setting and let you know here's at least the characters who know more than they're letting on. now, the Purcell case isn't based on any one specific case in history, but there are some some cases that happen that may have inspired the idea behind this one. specifically, the West Memphis Three, when three teenagers who were tried and convicted in 1984, or of the murders of three boys in West Memphis, Arkansas, the Jacob Wetterling case in October of 89, when an 11-year old boy from st. Joseph, Minnesota was kidnapped and murdered. that case went unsolved for 27 years. another one the boys in the Trax. in 1987, 17-year old Kevin Ives and his best friend, a 16 year old Don Henry, were found dead on the train tracks in Alexander, Arkansas. and also the disappearance of James Dallas Eggbert, which has to do with some Dungeons and Dragons, which we'll get to later on. so, you know, it's a lot. oh, came out and said it wasn't, you know, based on anyone's story, but I'm sure that the Kings Ross, yeah, draw some inspiration from from some of these horrific things that happened in the 80s and 90s and so forth. okay, let's start back in 1990. the deposition, we find out that apparently, the guy they put away you didn't do it. all right? so we're looking at the same kind of vibe we got in season one, but we're getting it early in the first episode. yeah. so not only is it, is the memory, memory a theme of deteriorating the whole time, but also, they got the wrong person. mm-hmm. so there's a lot of uncertainty surrounding this entire case about what you remember in what the cops actually eventually ended up putting someone away for. so, yeah, so it the the initial case starts, the missing children. the children go missing on November 7th, on 1980. the ten-year gap we we presume that Hayes is no longer working on high-profile cases. he's kind of, like, what's working the best job. yeah, this, um, that Purcell case might have been the last one. yeah, it kind of an even describes it as, you know, life before the Purcell case and life after their Purcell case, where he used to look at it as like, you know, life before the war, life after the war. but the Purcell case had such a big impact on him personally that, you know, he, it's still an interest of his, and he still doesn't feel, he doesn't sit well in his stomach, obviously, since that the wrong person is is is, was put away for it. but then 2015, we've learned that he's kind of rehashing everything again for a TV show or a documentary. so we learn it, it's not over yet. so they may not have found anybody, even in 19 depending on what happens, but at least you can go back and go, well, deposition half a 1990s. and what we learn about them, at least in the 80s, they're not the wisest detectives. so we can see how there are false probably in this case, yeah, maybe I disagree a tiny bit that they weren't the why is this? I think that they were maybe bored. they had, they didn't have time. they didn't have a lot of stuff going on. I'm talking about the shooting of almost shooting in the Fox. the first time you see them on camera, they're just getting around. I agree with you they were [ __ ] around. they're kind of fibbing about what they were doing, what they're working on. and, you know, we see them just having some beers, and it's relaxing and shooting rats. don't think that that means that they were poor detectives. they just a little slow, a little sloppy. a little sloppy is one way to look at it. but also I think that, you know, coming back from a war maybe not the most ideal way to use your skills. after doing all that, they kind of came back and it was like kind of like, what are we doing here? we're just kind of chilling in in a job. yeah, maybe we can find somebody. yeah. they're talking about looking for women in strip clubs and then go and kick someone's ass me to cap off the night. yeah. it really seems like they have a lot of time, yeah, and not much things to do with that time to fill up that day. so I think it's more of that than as opposed to them being poor detectives. because as soon as they get the call, we find out that they're, they're pretty effective at their job in terms of what they have to do. they know what they have to do. one last thing about 1990 haze, though, he gives out this perfect line that you should keep with you for the entire season right here. never occurred to you, you might be lying. course it did. do you know a rule is everybody's land? yes, I believe this is gonna be a significant theme throughout this whole season. obviously, it's a murder mystery, but also, you know, with the element of memory and how it's deteriorating throughout the tour, 35 years. if he go through, he's kind of an unreliable narrator. we don't know he he's not, he's not doing it on purpose. he just doesn't know all the pieces that that how it and how it fits together. with that element, that means at any point when he's talking to the documentary series, at any point when we go back on any character, there, for all we know, there could be a character missing. just not just a little rest of evidence, there can be an entire character who might get reminded of something, and then so and then, Wow. and that changes everything. is a little bit of our story. and there are really cool parts of this, of this episode, where the, I guess, I would say, the timelines kind of overlap, where you get him think saying one thing, but then he pulls out of his memory into the present. and I liked how that kind of overlapped, kind of just showing the moon like that sound exactly? that's the light, yeah. and it shows you how temporary memory is, and and in what you can kind of hold on to to know if it's true. now, the way he keeps snapping out of it - so far, that I've noticed in this episode, is has to do with Vietnam, mm-hmm. every time it's he's doing his reconnaissance job, or when he's holding that photo of Vietnam, that's when he starts to snap out of it, and he wants to be taken out. he's like, I'm gonna stop talking. I'm ready to go now. so we end this episode on a major cliffhanger. will is dead. they found the body for well. but Julie, she's still out there. and not only is she's still out there, apparently, in 1990, they got a hit on a fingerprint. only one set of prints hit Julie puss else. she's alive, apparently. okay, so I decide I gotta dig a little deeper. there's no puppies. so he's gotta be kidding. I got full of pepper. okay, let's jump into things we've noticed the Pepe Silvia moment for a true detect every little thing, every tiny thing we find, we're gonna try to break it down for you. and let's get started with the Purcell house itself. right from the get-go, you open the front door. what's missing in the moat? you got the two kid photos, yeah, but then you got one missing, missing footer at there. I mean, obviously it could be just a family photo. but if it's just like husband and wife, maybe they took that [ __ ] down. but this could be a major clue later on. so keep that in mind. it's, it's obviously there's a missing photo right there. totally now, Julie drew a little picture of her family together at a wedding. now keep just again, if any of my SVU Law &amp; Order fans out there, you're looking at all these tiny little details or stuff like this, so you can always put something together, like the kids, maybe they wanted their family to get back together. try to stage something. staged something and [ __ ] when itself very quickly. that's an easy go. but I don't think that's what we're going but I keep that in mind. here. the kids got these drawings, and they make good note of that. I keep that on camera for a second. so they didn't come to hang on that. they also, when they're looking through wills bedroom, a couple books on the on the counter there. yes, we got a Dungeons &amp; Dragons book. what's the title of that? the forest of lame, forest of laying. yeah. now, that's, I look this up, and it's not an actual book. it's a made-up book for true detective. but Lang is a reference, actually, to HP. Lovecraft fiction as far back as 1920. you can find that Lang in his writings, is a fictional Plateau. and let me read this make sure it's correct. he first mentioned and described the aspects of Lang in Sela face celephais, in which it described how her anaise once barely escaped from the high-priest not to be described, which wears a, quote, yellow silken mask over its face, and dwells alone in a prehistoric stone monastery on the cold desert plateau of Leng I, first of all, I don't know if I pronounced any of that correctly, but it really feels kind of those yellow kini vibes from season one. and then you get the corn husk dolls in this season of no faces, just the whole idea. a little, a little Easter Egg to throw in there. it maybe has no relation to season one. I don't that we're gonna have any yellow King. I don't think we're gonna do anything like that. I think yellow Kings over. but, you know, time is a flat circle still. we're just bugs on a rock. can avoid. okay. now, this links up to the actual real-life case in the 80s with, I got it right here, James Dallas and Bert the third. he went missing Michigan State student in 1980s. and this was all linked back to D&amp;D because at the time, the police and everyone found out that he was playing that game. they had no idea what the game was at The Dig Dug, and they freaked out. there has to be the game, right? they spent so much time playing the game. oh, they must be devil worshipers, some like that. yeah. when in fact, you know, he was probably mentally sick or an ill, and and it wasn't the game at all. but a nice little touch in the in the show here, to have that reference, so that to keep it in the background, we understand the timeline and what's going on, and kind of the concerns of the society when children are kind of in their free time. and speaking of teens and their time and how they use it, we got the call out to the Black Sabbath shirt. and so we got the satanic panic, right? like starting here. yeah, if you dress a certain way, or you listen to a certain type of music, or you're playing certain video games, or you're reading comic books, you know, every all these these hobbies and interests that teenagers had at the time, you you're presumed to something to be wrong with you, or your your your worshipping the devil, you know, like and the kind of society kind of overreacted to that, and, and, and didn't know how to kind of deal with with all this free time and how kids and teenagers were for spending it. and in the context of the show, you know, three teenagers who might not have anything to do with the disappearance of the two kids, they're kind of bundled into this the suspect list because of whispering. yeah, right. that's it for night you listen to Black Sabbath, you must have killed them. which, in fact, does it make you, you know, guilty at all? is just your kind of judging a book by it's cover and what someone's that's one sons wearing. now, it doesn't help that they did flub their story a little bit. agree to the detectives. we get it early. Freddie burns, he tells the cops that they didn't see anyone at the park. but later on, the other kid says, what? well, we saw him at the park. that is dead. he saw. so you're screwing up your story just a little bit. you guys got to get together again. you got to be honest 100% when dealing with you're not drinking. they were drinking. the truth will, it'll come to the surface at some point. now, a fun little meta moment in the twenty fifteen timeline, the documentary that Hayes is shooting, he's agreed to be interviewed for, is called true criminal. a nice little, fun joke for the true detective filmmakers. okay, let's talk about Amelia for a second. English teacher at the kids school. we first meet her, she's reading a poem. tell me a story by Robert Penn Warren. now, that poem itself, it's deeply, deeply rooted in southern history and culture. and out warrants from Kentucky. his grandfather would tell him stories of the Civil War. so it feels with a, it's someone who's not happy with change. Ryan's changing. this kind of goes with the town itself, really a Reagan era. we're in the eighties. things are changing at the same time. people aren't liking how fast it's moving. and then also you got a moral panic, a satanic panic. everything's going in there. it's clashing. so this is a good way to put this poem in there. yeah. and it's a little bit of hangover from the Vietnam War. it, yeah, unsure times that were headed for the nation. and even some of the lines here, you know, tell me a story. in this century, a moment of mania. tell me of story. make it a story of great distances in starlight. the name of the story will be time, and you must not pronounce its name. tell me the story of deep delight time. you know, tiny be away from time is such a big theme of this season. so I think it's the perfect little nod to what kind of foreshadowing of how the themes that will play out in this, in this over the 35-year course of this this case. also, just a cool shout out to the camerawork in this shot, when we have the quote on, what the world, what's the name of the world on the board, and you can see, what's that? the silhouette of Amelia right there. I love that. now let's talk about Hayes and his job at Vietnam. he was a lerp, which is a long-range reconnaissance patrol. so he spent a lot of his time alone. very much alone, very much. and what was the job for a lot of these guys over there? high body counts, yes, yes. and they'd be deep in a jungle, and yet, you know, getting reconnaissance, but they would be alone for a long time. that he works best when he's alone, uh-huh. but also, that's got to be a very, very hard thing to come back that's and so he starts to, we see at this in the first episode, he's pulling himself out of his moments. he does not want to go back there. next up, what were these kids riding on the tree? well, they're obviously doing some graffiti here. we don't know what, but I that could come back around, because the one of the kids, Mike, I think he's waving at her right before they go off. so we're gonna probably come back around to that at some point. figure out what the hell these kids were doing. okay, let's talk about Brentwood's house for a second here. yeah, Vietnam, vet we find out from a photo that they pick up. now, let's talk about that photo just for one quick second here. I could be totally off base, but if you stop, they hold on to that photo for a second, if you stop and look at it, yeah, listen, I watch too many, you know, superhero team drama shows right now, so the gift is one of them. and I go, blamin. happen to notice that, you know, veteran character actor garret dillahunt, he is. you may see him in this photo. I'm sorry, it just looks like him. I hope I didn't just ruin the entire thing. doubtful. it could be just some random actor, but I don't know, it looks like him. now, let's talk about the dolls, the cornhusk dolls that were kind of waiting for Hayes to find them as he searched for the bodies deep in the woods, and then one right on top. even it was not no to two of them, yes, two of them. the first one had a baby's breath of the, I think, I believe it's the flower, the white flower, in its hands. and then the second one had a baby's breath, and then had it some yellow, mm-hmm, yellow King. just joking. okay, some yellow flower is well in there. and they're kind, you know, clot hands were clasped on the dolls. now, a little background on the corn husk dolls. it's a Native American toy, a doll made out of the dried leaves or husk of a corn cob. and they've been made by northeastern Native Americans, probably since the beginnings of corn at agriculture for, oh, you know, over a thousand years. now. it's linked with Native American culture. and it's, it's fitting here because of Brett Woodard, someone setting someone up, maybe, yeah. I try to try to draw in that link between him, who looks like an easy target. he's, he's an outsider to this community, mm-hm. and and having this aspect then put in there, it also reminds me heavily of of season one. and some of the figurines and the pagan looking dolls look good. trying to go for it. yeah, that's right. give you a little bit of a very, very similar, feel, very similar field season one in terms of, like, wow, mystery and supernatural elements and kind of, who's who. it made you feel immediately of pure evil, especially when he's on that walk and he's by himself, and he's, there's a monster involved here. yeah, there's some. and if it's not like, you know, a monster in the sense of, you know, horns and teeth, but it's a monster in terms of pure evil in the human form. yes. when we're published a book, we should put a doctor her. now, over in the 2015 timeline, we learned a few things about Amelia. she has since, unfortunately, passed away. she's mourned by Wayne and her family, obviously. and she also, in the interim from, you know, the years that we've seen, from the from 1980 to 2015, she became quite a successful writer of a nonfiction true crime. yeah. and one of those books happens to be, or we get it on camera. life and death and the Harvest Moon. now, the Harvest Moon is usually several evenings in the fall where a moonrise comes soon after sunset. now, this results in a lot of bright moonlight early in the evening, perfect for firming, yes, summer crops. and what are we firming? what's a summer crop? a good one. coin. [Music]. all right, Gregg, we are back in the office. mm-hmm. it's been a long day. yeah. let's talk about the suspects. in this case, let's let's talk about whodunit, starting with the upper cells. Tom Purcell, okay, well, dad, what do you what do you think about Tom Purcell? remember, everyone's lying at some point. there was something going on here. both parents know more than they're letting on. something could have went south. and this does swing that way. yeah, it definitely does. but at the same time, I don't think he's, agree with you, I don't think, I don't think that he did it. I think that, um, he's really the way that he's affected by the tragedy. it's taking a real toll on him. and obviously there's been problems at home for the marriage. but I don't see him as the type that would plan some elaborate plot to to take his kids and all that kind of stuff. he's very certain though, that they are not at the house. they're gone and they're missing. not, yes, they are missing, yes, yes. he doesn't, he's not lose hope. he thinks that they're missing until obviously the very end, when we know that at least what happened to will her soul. what do we think about his wife? obviously they thought she was a suspect for only one, two minutes, yeah, until she stepped in the house. same thing here, or the only thing I can see with her is, again, marital problems. you have kids, money issues. it seems like a scenario where basically, if if anything happens between the parents is they may have had another, a third party involved here, and [ __ ] went south. but that's weird. the one here, yeah, they don't paint her in a very, very good and good light when we're introduced to her. she's out partying. she's out at the bar or meeting other guys. but the, the marriage has been rocky for quite some time. remember, they got together, you know, after three months of meeting each other, and had a kid and kind of forced into marriage. so just, it's been a rocky at home. but that doesn't mean that she's responsible, or it should be high on our suspect list on who did what. she may know the killer. that's all I can say. mmm, okay, keep an eye on her. moving on the list. how about these boys? oh, the teenagers in the Volkswagen, the dope, purple Volkswagen. yeah, again, they're lying about the beer. yeah, stuff. all teenagers have something, guys. all teenagers have something to hide. but that doesn't mean that they responsible for what happened to the kids. the only thing they screwed up in. one kid says that, you know, but we didn't see the kids. we never saw me. only saw him once, regular parked. but the car, we saw the in the opening shot. the other kid tells him that, hey, we saw him at the park. it's all him in Devil's Den. yeah. so now, hey, it seems like something there, I think, does something that, like, a lot of teenagers at this time would do, right? like, when you're not supposed to be where you were, you tell your parents, or you should. you know, Devil's Den comes as a negative connotation around the area, you know, drugs and whatever's going on in there. and, you know, then you put two and two together, with some horrible accident that happen, or some tragedy to happen in the area, they're gonna, they're gonna fit and lie whatever they can to kind of remove themselves from being any anywhere in the vicinity. oh, I'm sure they did something just as [ __ ] up, they did something else, but I don't have, I don't think they did anything to the kids. they probably were doing something else. yeah. and it's, and as we've seen throughout the episode, it is interesting, just the how, kind of judging a book by it's cover, and like how they dress and what they listen to, the music they listen to, you know, a panic spreads off of just black metal, yeah, like heavy metal, Black Sabbath t-shirts. you know, they think that they're Satan, was satanic worshippers, but they could be completely innocent. and it's just kind of like the the timing of the early nineteen eighties, when a lot of parents, you know, kind of overreacted to how the youth were spending their time outside of, you know, in at their personal time. moving on the list. Brett Woodard, a Vietnam vet as well, right? yes, he is, right now. Brett he's a little screwed, yeah, with the police at least. yeah, the clues right now will lead to him, even though I, I don't, I don't think clues are put there for him, and I have a feeling they won't hear from him. all right. so Brett might behind the case. but you know what about this good boy, I will thoughts that Hayes would not shoot. you know, I would love with the foxes around, we have the flash back, whenever that happens, to what actually happened to the kids, if that Fox just shows up just looking like, oh, god, I got the Fox knows the truth. the Fox knows the truth. but in all seriousness, I think, at least for my opinion, I believe that we have not yet met the suspect. I don't think they have the suspect. yeah, I don't think. I mean, episode 1, I the show does like to kind of, you know, call back to the beginning and and and kind of reveal, like a show us a major twist, and then we find out that, hey, this whole time we knew who it was. but I think episode one, I don't think that we've yet met that person. hopefully, you know, we will soon. get some more clues. and I think they're gonna slowly, you know, give that to us. obvious. there's only eight episodes, but episode one maybe look too soon to reveal the true identity of who that person is. and I don't think the season is gonna hinge on the actual killer. I think a lot of things are going on here with the split up timeline. it's more effects on what happened and what occurred, compared to who did it. now, one last guy here that we got to bring up. it's not the uncle, great coffee, but I could not be against great coffee. thank you. not the uncle, the their cousin. he's just like an uncle to them. Dan O'Brien. we have not met him yet, but we've not heard about him? no, we've heard about him. and what do we got? we have a hole in the wall, very creepy, very creepy hole in the wall, and we also have the playboys into the bed. yeah, who which, you know, Tom Purcell says he has no idea about. could be the kid. could be the kid as well. could be will they had Dan at that house too. so my prediction, my prediction is that Dan was not, in fact, looking at the kids. but I think we could even, I think's creeping on his cousin Lucy, which is even, you know, that's all horrible. so I think that we're gonna it's, it's a little bit of a, you know, they want to give us a red herring, and then they're gonna totally just like, yeah, flip it on the side on on us. and I think that, like, he's not, will find out that he's not the most ideal character, an upstanding guy, but I don't think he's responsible for the abduction of these two kids. we're gonna find that out for a lot of characters. that's it for this episode, one breakdown of true detective season theory. but we'll be back later this week with episode 2. thank you so much for watching. hit that like subscribe button. and we want to leave you with a little gift, right? little words of wisdom from our friend Frank from season 2. if your detective, is there anything in that cup? no, sorry. bad. as this is long as it is, this hurt, I can make you a better man. 