welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, definition aka cora the explorer. and this video we're breaking down the penultimate episode of agents of shield. the show is heading towards a big finale, and throughout this we'll be going over our thoughts and theories on the entry. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you don't want anything rune, then i highly recommend that you turn off now. please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video, and make sure you subscribe to the channel so you don't miss our breakdown on the show's ending. anyway, with all out the way, huge. thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of episode 11. okay, so we pick up with daisy watching malik take simmons and deke to parts unknown in the search for fits. the kidnappers have gone stratospheric. and luckily for the agents, cora has just been brought into the base to interrogate daisy slams her against the wall upon seeing her, and after mack makes her put a half sister down, she states that she's just here to help. turns out everyone wants to be an agent these days. and she talks about how things have changed and her goals for the future. the episode is titled brand new day, and she very much hammers home the notion that the timeline has changed far too much to ever go back to normal. cora insists that malik actually wishes to use what he knows of the future to change things for humanity's betterment, and that they want to live in their hashtag best life. i don't know how you can kill people for the best outcome, but shield two have murdered many in order to protect the world. now at this point, the show is existing firmly in the multi-worlds way of thinking. this david deutsch theory on time travel states that if we were to go back to the past, we would instead be creating branched realities that would only alter things in our present, and that the prior past we experienced would head off in its own direction without us. this was seen in endgame, but it's also used here to mean that daisy's mother can die before she's born without her vanishing from existence. that's a theory that's typically known as the grandfather paradox, which the show clearly isn't operating with. and if you want to see me talk about this more in depth, then make sure you check out our new umbrella academy's timeline video, which goes over all the main time travel theories in more detail. now it turns out that cora has a list of 30 people who, if she kills, will allegedly save thousands of lives. we'll discuss this later, but it's something definitely to bear in mind. now we have seen notions of this before. and when project insight was about to launch in the 70s, there were notable agents of shield members on it. and also bruce banner. i'm actually also leaning in more with the idea that the timeline is completely ruined at this point, and that they should just kill whoever they can. i'm sorry, daisy. i never should have tried to stop you from murdering malik all those years ago. daisy has a conversation with cora, who tells her that sybil said there's no future in which daisy lets her sister fight alone. and this makes the character realize what she must do. so far, sybil has been predicting their every move because, well, let's face it, they're so bloody predictable, they'll always work as a team and try to spare lives where they can, instead of ending them. this line of not letting her sister fight alone makes daisy realize that she must actually fight without her, as it's the one thing that sybil won't be able to predict. and thus she goes rogue, bumping into susa on the way. souza also famously never leaves his post. so her getting him to do this and go with her will go above sybil's projections so that she can beat the chronocom's plans. mack realizes they're right, and with a little mac and cheesy lines, he decides to join the group elsewhere. deke tries to do a die hard on board the zephyr, and he even name drops the nakatomi plaza, which is, of course, the famous location from that film. this is quickly cut short though, when he's captured by garrett, who sneaks up behind him using his teleportation powers. although we don't really see fits per se in the present, we do see the character in flashbacks. as malik dives into simmons's mind. frustrated that he can't go into her memories, he starts to slap her around, but no matter what punishment he puts on her. diana hides fitz's location. they then knock deek out, and mae goes to cora, who shuts down the power at the lighthouse with one punch. this allows sybil to jump into their computer system due to the electrical grid being down. and i don't know if it's me, but i also thought this was a die-hard reference. at the end of that movie, the villains managed to break into the safe at the plaza because the fbi shut down the electrical grid, and thus the firewalls around it drop. this is similar to how sybil gets in here. and yeah, i kinda took it as an easter egg for that. sybil's code goes into the machine, and she sends creepy messages like, i know only hunger. now, i tried seeing if this was a famous phrase, but i couldn't find anything on it. however, if you think it's a cool little nod to something, then make sure you let me know. below. on board the quinjet, daisy and mac have a little heart to heart, and she tells him that enoch told her that this would be their last mission. the guy must have seen the advertising for the season. and though it should be sad, max says maybe it's time. daisy doesn't want to leave what they have, but max seems to be ready to reduce their relationship to just being phone pals. is that a thing? it is now. now, i think this does tease that we may be getting an agent of sword show with the character, but that mack might not be there. daisy wants to keep working, but mack is up for retiring and taking a break, so let the man live. now, he picks up on daisy and souza having a thing, and smiles because yo-yo owes him twenty dollars. i wish i'd taken that bet too, because, uh, we've been shipping susie since day one, and, let's be honest, with a lockdown, i could do with the money. i also love how matt gives the what are your intentions talk to susa. and it reminded me of when souza was in community as well, and britta found out that he was a war criminal. however, they also drop another cool little marvel, easter egg, as mac refers to him as the man out of time. this was also steve rogers's nickname. and both he and souza were in love with peggy carter. souza was the loser in that situation. but it's nice how he's sort of become a reverse of that character, going to the future to be with daisy, while steve went to the past to be with peggy. souza is shocked to learn that daisy is called quake. and let's just say she rocked his world, am i right? now, to be fair, it is. it is a stupid nickname. now, back at the zephyr, malik, angered at simmons, being unable to give up the location of fit, dives into her mind in order to get the info. it's pretty much an inception. but simmons warns malik that the more he tries to get the info, the deeper it will be buried. it's at this point that simmons drops a line about fitz coming to her rescue. and i do think that that is how the character will finally arrive in the season. he will no doubt be angry that she's been kidnapped, and this could make him show up, mess up malik's plans and pretty much ruin everything for the chrono comes, like how he did in all the other timelines. we watch as they go into a memory that had gemma enoch and fitz discussing going to a temple. they also begin to build diana and fitz. fitz does his usual huffy, this isn't good enough speech and you know what, you let me down fits. i was excited to see you come back, and you bloody ruined it with all your huffing, as per usual. now he does tell them, however, that it is possible for them to put the mission on hold for a second and, you know, just have our life together. it does appear that they don't, however, i actually think that they did, and that they've used something such as the blood work that's mentioned, to delay their aging. now the blood work could also have another meaning, and in real life, it's typically used during pregnancies. thus the time they're seeking may actually be there to give them the opportunity to raise their child together. as their child is not with simmons, it must be with fit. and who knows, we could be seeing deek's mother very soon. i'll talk about this more in just a bit, but i do think that the show has been hinting at it ever since simmons said they'd spent a long time together building the time machine at the start of the series, and who knows, we could be getting a new character for the finale. at the lighthouse, the agents tried to shut down sybil, but it doesn't work, and she frees the prisoners, namely durant, who, as we know, has lee's power to summon blades. he goes to sneak up on yo-yo, but she captures them. and during this, korra is freed. coulson shows her that malik and the chrono comes are causing chaos, and the fact that they're saving killers, it pretty much cements that they're the bad guys. cora kills duran, showing that she's up for putting things back, but that they would have to make sacrifices like susa, in order to fully correct the timeline. yo-yo asks for one of the names on a kill list, and she gives up, grant ward. ward was, of course, a member of the agents that was revealed to be a hydra spy. ward was raised by john garrett, and he became a love interest of both mei and daisy, before being outed as a villain. colton states that he's just a child now, and that without garrett, he would become good. cora says he would actually be worse without him. and it does make you wonder whether it's better the devil. you know, it's at this moment that may brings up jai ying. and i didn't even realize that korra wasn't aware of her mother's death. korra initially thinks that her mother can just heal her way out of it, but as her neck was snapped, she'll be unable to come back from it. may tells her that malik was the one who did it, and that jaya ying died protecting daisy. korra has a complete breakdown and lashes out at may, and the two get into a fight, but garrett arrives and teleports korra to safety on the zephyr. now i do think that korra will be the undoing of malik. and now that she knows the truth and has been sent to him, she might even be the one that ends up killing him. i'll discuss this more in the preview part of the video. but cora is gonna have to make a tough choice between a sister and the villain. and i think, due to learning about their mother, she will go more towards the former. back in simmons's mind, we see the pair in a completely white room. this may be something that's devoid of space and time, and thus they will have had time to grow all together and potentially raise their child. gemma jumps off the chamber table and goes over to deke, who asks about fitz, but gemma seems confused. she utters the haunting line, fits who's fits. and i bet it's not the first time gemma's woken up and not known the name of someone she's slept with. am i right? ladies? we'll have no sexism here. girls. girls just want to have fun too. now at the base, colton finds the last thing that sybil looked at, which just so happens to be a bunch of shield bases. we then realized that malik didn't go into space to hide, but he actually went to call in reinforcements. the chrono comes arrive, and malik murders someone for calling him sir. and you tell you what, mate, you bloody deserved it. don't ever assume anyone's gender pronouns, especially in this new world, you scumbag, now, from space, they destroy all the shield headquarters. and i love how the plan this entire time was to just shoot stuff with a laser from from outer space. it's, it's pretty much becoming like a james bond villain plot at this point. the triskelion is, of course, amongst these targets. and it looks like the mission for the chrono comes this entire time might have actually been to create shield, get them all in one place at the same time and blow them all up. take that. kevin feige, yeah, make winter soldier make sense. now, that's what you get for saying agents of shield doesn't matter. in the post-credits, stinger malik watches over the destruction and then sees cora, who he kisses after thanking. she doesn't seem that into it. and yeah, sisters before misters, i think is definitely gonna be in full effect here. now we will be talking about the preview for the finale. so if you don't want anything ruined, then this is your time to duck out of the video. if you're still here, thank you for sticking around. and in the preview for the two hour epic, we don't actually get that much given away but daisy does say, this is the last mission together, isn't it? it's crazy to think that this time next week there won't be any predictions part of the video, and we will be ending the entire thing without any new episodes or seasons to talk about. from here, we cut to sybil telling the agents that the war is over and that they've lost. however, with fitz being the key to defeating the chrono comes, it is possible that he will be turning up to take them out. the agent support the ship, and daisy and malik go head to head, which, as i've said, i think will lead to cora stepping in and saving her. now, in addition to this, an eagle-eyed viewer spotted that the empty chairs look like everyone had been snapped away. chloe bennett actually responded to this and said, it does look like that, which probably means that it isn't. she might not care about ruining a career though, now that everything's over. anyway, i'd obviously love to hear your thoughts on the episode and what you think will be happening next time. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and if you missed our analysis of the other episodes, then make sure you check them out after this. every month on the 15th, we give away free blu-rays. and all you have to do to be on the chance of winning the mcu infinity saga box set is leave a like and subscribe with notifications on if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us on our discord server linked in the description, or, heavy spoilers, on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been definition. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 