yeah. this is recaps, reps. will run it through. Star Wars, The Force awakens right now. yeah. and this episode is brought to you by PlayStation Store. purchase Star Wars Battlefront 2 elite trooper deluxe edition on PlayStation Store today. the gadelle bet. let's do this. here we go, far, far away, where the paragraph scroll, where the rebels Rebelle and the Empire's fall. there's a new galactic battle happening. all that means, as you can have laser swords, but no stable regimes, cuz the rebels got their peace. everything was good. and Chilton, the first daughter, crawls out the shadows like charlottesville, angsty rallies, destruction of worlds. all this male aggression has to be destroyed by a girl from jakku, where scavenger by day, make that quarter portion. Brad collar, rachel ray, just an orphan girl. she lives a lonely life. then she comes across a toy that's made for merchandising. to Paragon the force, but you'll need more help from the former conformance to be reforming himself. BAE, the next Han and Leia, you love for the ages, but I'm talking about that bromance with Reuben Davis. that's poe yo, the classiest pilot rolled. so though he's his own hairy sidekick, he ain't your daddy's Wars. just another example of the hero's journey, based on Joseph Campbell book. it [Music] no more. han and chewie intercept him to resume the falconry. on the run from the only Scotsman in the galaxy, grab a bat and never like a 70s sports car appointed all the Raiders in that Japanese porn star plant in the galaxy's version of Portland Ray has some visions that are probably important or in Jodha expositions. here we go with Jen as the party's interested by Darth blow friends. he's an evil, dark man, throwing little boy tantrums like his helmet loops. a playlist full of followed boy albums Ollie, son of solo, grandson, no Vader. so morally conflicted. Oh, what it's that dude from girls checks in with the leaders to free who's like a jewel pod hologram loaded up with sour cream. breakup. mental toughness, though they shackled the four runs and leg the only way to get out is by mind trick and Daniel Craig Starkiller. base got the same contractor with the same glaring witness, or the same fun factor. took the hint when they made Row one. it's a wacky space adventure. just make it fun. Oh, [Music]. Oh, [Music]. morning Kate. [Music]. - and chewy tea with no wasted parts, as they easily dispose of rien of Darth. father-son reunion. maybe there can be a truce. well, though, later for and see you in your other reboots. the sit of Burning Man, breakup the glow sticks. fan vs. pile of what? it ain't even close. kid Rey is honored. force game going for broke. then a schism votes between him. but the forces, whoa, who knows the base by away is Lightspeed, are to come - with no help from IT. piece the math together. wait. the short is, that was DJ Abrams. Star Wars :, the force awakens. y'all. this is recap wrapped. leave a comment letting us know what you want to see next, and we'll see you all all. you know it. force out. thanks to the PlayStation Store for sponsoring this episode. get your copy of Star Wars Battlefront. 2 elite trooper deluxe edition on PlayStation Store today. if you want to see more recap wraps, click the box to the left, or click the box to the right to see another dope video night what. so now, happy Star Wars 