Dirty John has just dropped on Netflix. and the show expertly depicts just how much of a master manipulator and conman that the titular character was. those who've watched the show will know that at the end of every episode there is a disclaimer that states that, due to the nature of the series, some of the events have been changed slightly from real life. but just how accurate is the season as a whole, and is it's terrifying finale, what really went down in real life? well, throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the real-life John Meehan, as well as some of the things that the show didn't cover. there will be heavy spoilers in regards to the TV counterpart, so if you haven't seen the entire run yet, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I watch it, so you don't have to. John Meehan was taught the art of the con from an early age by his father, who ran a casino in San Jose. in his youth, he was given lessons on how to lie and deceive people, and John quickly became an expert at this that easily manipulated women due to his good looks and charm. Meehan attended Prospect High School in California and was described as a magnet for girls due to his athletic ability and personal side. this was matched by his intelligence. and his sisters stated that it was at this point in his life that he realized his gifts provided shortcuts that would allow him to ultimately control people and achieve his goals. in the show, Eric Bana, who plays the character, manages to influence a lot of people early on and convinces Debra's mother that he's a good man, purely down to his looks. in real life, this charm eventually led John to be under the impression that somehow the rules didn't apply to him and that he was above the law. he began selling cocaine, and at one point even put broken glass in fast food to sue a company to get money from a settlement. eventually, Meehan met and married his first wife, Tanya cells. in the show, we see this play out pretty similar to real life, with Tanya helping the character through nursing school to the point that he was able to gain employment at a hospital even though she pretty much made his career. after 10 years, John filed for divorce, leaving her and their two children behind. trouble quickly followed when cells discovered a box of stolen anaesthetic in her home. and after contacting the police, she was harassed hourly by Meehan and even received numerous death threats. Meehan didn't stop there though, and he continued stealing from patients that he was pretending to medicate. we see this in the show too, when John fails to medicate a patient properly for his own devices. eventually, due to this, he lost his job, and in 2002, he pled guilty to felony drug theft. however, instead of facing up to the charges, Meehan went on the run and tried to obeyed the law. eventually, the police caught him barely conscious and hide from one of the drug kits that he had stolen from the hospital. but his escape attempts didn't stop there. and the ambulance on the way to the hospital, Meehan uncuffed himself and tried to run, but he was apprehended and sentenced to 17 months in prison. within hours of his release from jail, Meehan created a match.com profile and began hunting the vulnerable of rich females. his dating bio read a doctor with dark hair, hazel green eyes and a charming smile. John quickly picked up a lot of attention due to his picture and description, and this led to his and Deborah's first date. similar to the show, Deborah had just came out of her fourth divorce and was eager to find someone. on the surface, John seemed like a dream come true. and they quickly began exchanging messages, and by the third day, Deborah was besotted by him. everything about him seemed genuine, until the cracks start to show. Deborah's daughter's felt like something was off about him, and stea that he always used to wear scrubs, even to dinner parties, which gave away that perhaps he didn't have the bank account that he claimed to. Deborah's daughter, Jacqueline, used to comment on how he would lustfully stare over her handbags and expensive clothing. these concerns, too, were raised by Deborah's other daughter, Tara, who wondered why this high paid doctor didn't have a car, apartment or anything of value. after the two dug deeper into his past, they quickly unearthed his criminal record as well as the charges out against him for harassing women. they discovered that in the past, John had posed as a doctor and extraord women for money. and it seemed like he had his santipura. after being informed of this, deborah quickly split up with John. but as women from his past knew, getting rid of him was easier said than done. John eventually stole her car and set it alight and threatened to release nude photos online that she had sent him. he seemed to be on every corner that the family went, and it became clear that he was stalking them. this all came to a head one night when John attempted to abduct Tara. he pulled out a knife and slash at her, but she fought back, bravely, managing to bite down on his hand as hard as she could. as the two tousled, Tara managed to grab hold of the knife that John had been carrying, and she repeatedly stabbed him over and over again. police arrived at the scene and found him to be barely breathing. in his car. they discovered what was described as a kidnap kit. he's contained duct tape, drugs, and a set of kitchen knives. it's clear what his intentions were, and no charges were pressed against her, who was clearly acting in self-defense. John was taken to the hospital, but four days after the attack, his life support was turned off. he was given no funeral and was put into a cremation box. but the horror of his legacy didn't stop there, and his deeds became widespread after the release of the podcast dirty John, which is what the show is based upon. the podcast is hosted by Christopher coffered, and details the life and events of John Meehan, as well as his manipulation of Deborah and the final attack on terror. the podcast was downloaded over 10 million times within six weeks of its release, and it's definitely worth checking out if you like true crime stories. now on to my review. if you've been following my channel, then you'll know that I absolutely love true crime stories like this, and dirty Jon didn't disappoint. whilst it didn't live up to the more fictional tales of shows like you, I still found it fascinating just how expertly John managed to infiltrate the characters lives and slowly tear them apart Eric Bana does an outstanding job as the titular character, and he expertly handles the charm that John obviously had. Vanna is also able to switch on a dime. and when you start to see his sinister side unleashed, you quickly understand that this is a man more than capable of pulling off both facets of John's personality. similar to this. Connie Britton, who placed their bro beautifully handles the vulnerable. are close to sixty woman that would fall for his charms. and the show becomes about her empowerment, which I think is take I had some gripes with the two daughters, especially Juno Temple who plays Veronica. I found her to be quite bratty, and in that first episode, I was probably on John's side. she wasn't really that likable, so I found it difficult to go along with her. overall, though, I did have a great time with the show and definitely recommend that you check it out if you haven't watched it yet. but if you have, then make sure you leave your thoughts on the show in the comments below. if you have any extra information, I'd love to hear it, so leave that there too. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of this weekend's other big Netflix release, the Umbrella Academy, which will be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. not see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 