[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1993 stop-motion animated musical, The Nightmare Before Christmas. so let's get started. the film opens in Halloweentown, a fantasy world filled with all the monsters associated with the holiday. Jack Skellington leads them in the annual Halloween celebration. Jack, however, has secretly become bored with the routine of Halloween and wants to do something new. after wandering into the woods, he stumbles upon doors leading to various holidays and enters the portal to Christmas town. in off Christmas towns wonders. he returns to Halloween Town to share his findings. he decides that the citizens of Halloweentown should take over Christmas for this year. jack assigns the citizens various christmas themed jobs. Sally, a woman who is secretly in love with Jack, has visions of their celebration turning into a disaster. Jack has Santa Claus kidnapped, believing that he is giving Santa the year off. Santa is delivered to Aggie boogie, who tortures and torments Santa, which Jack is unaware of Sally attempts to rescue Santa, but she is captured as well. Jack leaves and delivers his Halloween themed Christmas gifts, which terrify and attack people. the military shoot down Jack, who crashes into the cemetery. he boom, owns his failure, but then realizes he enjoyed his experience, and this has reignited his love for Halloween. Jack returns to OGIS lair to save Santa. bogey tries to kill Jack, but Jack unravels the cloth surrounding his massive hollow bugs, which fall into a cauldron, defeating Oogie. Jack apologizes to Santa, and Santa leaves to fix things. the townspeople Halloweentown celebrate Jack's survival, and Santa visits and makes it snow there. as the film ends, Jack and Sally declare their love for each other. so that was spoilers for The Nightmare Before Christmas. if you have another film you'd like to see you spoil, please let us know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music] 