hey movie lovers. i'm your host, patrick, and this time we're covering a 2021 thai horror film called the ghost lab. in a huge hall full of audience, two men get ready to deliver a speech. the narrator defines how the audience's beliefs about afterlife and ghosts will be challenged by them. but that intro, two guys walk on stage and are ready to present their perspective. the scene then shifts where one of the men, chiwi, is woken up with a start and is scared to death upon the sight of human dummies that were placed in its room as a prank. outside at the reception, the surgeon, dr gla arjong and nurses laugh at his scream. as we walks out, they joke and mock his hilarious reaction. in the meantime, another nurse arrives and informs them about the case from last night, a third degree burned suicide victim. all of his body was burned and his head was bashed open. he was in extreme pain and agony and couldn't survive. later, we sits beside his unconscious mother. he talks to her as glass stands at the door and watches him my glass girlfriend arrives. he informs her that wee's mother has been here for seven or eight years. that evening, the night guard is on duty. he's checking the halls and corridors and passes by the morgue. just as he's about to walk away, he hears the door creek open. the color leaves his face as he witnesses a shadow moving around the corner. he goes to see it, and as his eyes fall upon the scene, he's petrified. in the interim, we and glenn are getting snacks from the vending machine. as glad turns around, he's frozen in his place, and points we to the waiting area where a black figure is standing. it can be seen twisting itself forward and backward. gla approaches it, and we tries to take the picture of the ghost. just as the camera flashes, the ghost with the mutilated head and burnt face lunges at wii. he slips back and falls down. glad runs to him, and the ghost disappears. the next morning, we tries to justify the incident by calling it hallucination, as he has no belief in the existence of ghosts. but glenn insists upon the fact that ghosts are real. to prove his point, glad takes we to an old medical house where he shows him a camera-free space he has acquired for his research. he reveals that he's researching ghosts. we is shown all the evidence, and glare elaborates a personal incident. when glam was in second grade, his dad passed away. one night, he goes downstairs and experiences a paranormal activity. as he was about to go back to his room upstairs, he witnessed his dad's ghost. since that time, glass determination to prove the existence of ghost is adamant. we decide to join in the research. both of them start recording their progress and tell how their research will be published in a prolific magazine the experiment later, glam puts forward all his data of 5 years, where he interviewed all the persons who cited ghosts. he performed superstitious rituals, but he didn't witness any ghosts since last night. so they move on with their research and try to devise solutions to present the ghost to the public. next night, as they sit by the vending machine, black claims that there are invisible ghosts as well, called poltergeist. he then shows a cctv video of the hospital where a wheelchair can be seen moving all by itself. the lifts are being used and stuff keeps getting thrown around. that night, they both go to a section of the hospital with thermographic cameras. they witness the moving wheelchairs in the records area. also, the files get thrown and cabinets are moved. the camera shown the very low temperature entity in their vicinity. they record all of it, but glass says they need solid proof. next day, gla loses his focus while performing a surgery and accidentally inflicts a lethal cut to the patient. intensive bleeding follows, and everybody tries to handle the emergency. later, namo, the senior doctor, scolds glad for his incompetent and reckless behavior. later he meets mai, and she tells him that they have to postpone their trip. as she leaves, la gets a text from we to meet him immediately. when he gets there, we present him with an idea. he explains, as everything can be classified into categories, so can be done with ghosts. we classifies them into known and unknown ghosts. they both decide it's a better option to focus on the known ghosts. the ghosts of any loved ones for this purpose. glad tries to develop a relationship with a cancer patient who's at the deathbed. and single afterwards, as they're discussing the proposition, we get the news that this mother's life is in danger. the doctor tells him she was without oxygen for seven minutes. he later sits at her side holding her hands. after consideration, we decide to free her from her misery. he takes off her oxygen mask, and gradually her heart stops and she departs. that night, they both expect to meet the ghost of wee's mother. gla installs a camera. at some hour of the night, we wakes up and senses something by the open window. it's his mother's ghost. she's crying and trying to say something, but he can't hear anything. just as he approaches the window, her ghost vanishes. later we collects everything from the room, and he's doubtful whether it was a wise decision to let her go. he condemns himself for her grief that he saw on her face. he records his outlook on the incident. afterwards, he gets the illuminating stars which were previously above his mother's bed. and sticks them on the ceiling, but one by one, every star falls down. the next day, we comes to glad with an insane idea. he puts forward a deal where he will commit suicide and his ghost will come and assist glad in his research. glad is furious with the idea and calls it insane. we convinced him that there is no other way to take on this research. they flip a coin to the side, and the one who comes up gets to die. the results are in wii's favor. he then explains to glad how he has planned everything. he'll write a suicide note and how they will cater the forensics. glass is deeply remorseful at the decision. during the night has glass with mai. he keeps thinking about how unfair it is that his friend gets to die for research. later, glam meets we at the research center. wee is recording how he's going to cross over and dr arjun will conduct the research in real life. after their share of final words, gala goes outside and waits as we takes out the revolver and puts it in his mouth. just as he's about to pull the trigger, he gets a flashback of everything him as a kid with his mother, his early life, his friendship with gla, all the happy moments. and at the end, he finally hears his mother's spirit speak to him. she's in tears and exclaims, honey, what are you doing? that immediately snaps him out of it, and he cries. glad comes in and we admits that he cannot do this. in the very next moment, without any hesitation, glad puts a revolver up his mouth, says he'll come back, winks and shoots himself. the next scene shows we presenting himself and gla in front of a huge audience. he explains how he went through the research and accomplished it. from the audience, mai comes up the stage, calls we a murderer and commits suicide right there on the stage. the next moment, we wakes up abruptly and gets a sign of relief, as it was a bad dream. he's in a devastated state, as 91 days have passed and there's no contact from glass side. we goes to see glass mother, where she explains how the monks have declared his death impure, and she is desperately trying to make it peaceful. for him. we also meet smai, who is in pain upon his demise. after seeing everyone's condition, we goes to the rooftop and tries to take his own life. as he lets himself go off the parapet, he's suddenly grabbed by some entity. he's thrown back on the floor, and he screams in the light as he senses it was glass spirit who saved them. he runs to the lab and starts analyzing every aspect. he deduces that if he puts himself in danger, the energy of glass spirit will be boosted, and he'll show presents for the test. he tries to cut down his finger, but the apparatus gets thrown away and his hand is saved. he laughs in triumph upon the success of his hypotheses. as he's rejoicing, he hears words being typed on his laptop. the next morning, he concludes that glack cannot see other ghosts, but his presence is only prominent around we. he later comes to the decision, if glass power is boosted properly, he can make him appear. but the spirit considers it weird and gives an indication about beach. later, we visit glass place and observes a picture of his family on a beach. he asks on joy glass mother about it. she identifies it as a glass hometown, as they said. we tells on joy about glass spirit and how he may still be around as a wondering ghost. talking about him makes her tearful. glass sister finds it unsettling and requests we to leave. as he's about to get up, he gets a note on his phone, type ka kai. he describes it to aunt joy, and in reply, she asks him to stay for dinner. we is then served kakai, a chicken curry. aunt joy tells him it was glass favorite and how he wanted her to open a restaurant for it. we says the same thing, and she is satisfied with everything, as she senses it was what glad tried to convey. on the way back, we gets the message that it's enough and it should not proceed any further. and glass spirit goes away. we takes no hint, and to make him come back, puts himself in danger again by trying to cut his finger. unfortunately, this time he isn't saved, and his finger is cut off. after getting surgery, he leaves the hospital and on his way meets mai. she inquires about glass red laptop. we replies that he has no idea. later, as he goes up in his lab, he cannot find the red laptop anywhere because mai took it earlier. he runs off to mai's condo to retrieve the laptop. she hesitantly lets him in. he pretends he doesn't know the password and he can take it to a friend to get it unlocked. he doesn't allow that and blames him for lying. they get in an argument, and mai breaks down. she admits how she's been unaware of everything. as we consult her, the laptop opens by itself, and the whole research starts popping up. all the videos start playing, and they stop where glass shot himself. we instantly closes the lid and leaves with the laptop. on his way down, the lift starts malfunctioning. he receives notes on his phone tell her the truth. in extreme events start to happen. the lift drops and free falls and gets stuck on the 13th floor. we tries to escape, but almost gets stuck in it. later that night, we calls mai to the lab and gets her drugged. he starts recording and tries to enclose my suddenly, the laptop shows an angry response from glass spirit. we continues to invoke glass negative emotions by assaulting mai. the lights shatter as soon as he rips her cardigan. we laughs menacingly and starts to molest mai, but is thrown back at once. he then witnesses glass legs under the whiteboard. but instead of appearing, gla inflicts utmost punishment on we. he throws him out, pounds him in the walls and finally lets him off the edge of the top floor, down on the ground. we tumbles down 50 feet and breaks his leg. he tries to record himself getting beaten, but gets knocked out. he wakes up later in the morgue beside glass body. as he gets up, he watches in horror as glass dead body rises. the corpse grabs him by the collar and tosses him into the stands. wee's leg gets horribly deformed. glass corpse then attacks him and strangles him to death. later, we finds himself in a daze. as he looks around, glack comes to vision and talks about how the limits have been crossed. he claims that enough people have been hurt because of him. evil deeds have been done and everything must stop. he then fades away, and we comes back to reality where he sees himself getting revived by gla. we lives and gets treatment at the hospital. he's relieved of his duty as practicing doctor due to his uncertain nature. when he recovers, he sends the research to the magazine, but the experiment rejects it. we reasons that even if everything gets ruined, one still learns something from it. afterwards, he meets mai and returns her the laptop. he also apologizes to her for the other night. she waves it away and tells we a dream she had that night, mai and glam were both at the beach, with northern lights on the horizons. glam was beaming, and he held a copy of the experiment with a photo of we and himself on the cover. mai admitted her satisfaction upon the fact that gala was happy and at peace. the movie concludes with a lesson on how valuable life is. glenn remarks that we still has a chance to live it for both of them. we is seen deleting the research folder from the laptop, and he finally finds solace and makes peace with himself. drop a comment below, letting me know how you found the video. make sure to like, subscribe and ring the notification bell. thanks for watching, guys, 