hi everyone. I'm Ryan arey. before you watch El Camino, you may want to rehash some of the fuzzy details of Breaking Bad that you might have forgotten over the past few years. so we've recapped all of the seasons in this video. this is screen crush. Breaking Bad is the story of a beige clad sad-sack named walter white. he squandered a once promising career as a chemist and now teaches high school chemistry. but more importantly, this is a show about change. Walt's married to a pregnant bombshell named Skyler, and they have a fifteen-year-old son named Walt Jr, who loves a complete breakfast, raisin bread pancakes, Oh big, and has cerebral palsy. Skyler sister is named Marie, and her kleptomania is a vital part of this series. Marie's husband is Hank an alpha male DEA agent, Glock 22. that's my daily care. he's a good cop, but let's Walt hold his gun so he can make fun of him. looks like Keith Richards with a glass of warm milk. but you can't blame them, because Walt is, after all, the kind of guy who gets a handy while his wife wins an eBay auction. yes, he's diagnosed with terminal lung cancer and decides to go into business cooking crystal meth in an RV. he partners with his former student, Jesse Pinkman, and I'm the silent partner. Jesse takes him, convincing some straight like you giant stick up his ass. all of a sudden, age what? 60, he's just gonna break bad. he said it. hey, Jay. turns out Walter is the Remy of meth chefs. this, this is arts, actually. it's just basic chemistry. yes, science. but their cook is rudely interrupted by a mid-level dealer who they nearly suffocate to death. Walt loses a coin toss and has to Jabba the man to death, but not before making him a sandwich. then it turns out that the dead guy was one of Hanks informants for the DEA. even the cops are impressed with Walt's meth. they tell us it is the purest, yes, science. Walt goes to a birthday party for his college roommate, who he thinks screwed him out of billions of dollars. billions with a B he and his wife, Walt's ex-girlfriend, offer him excellent health insurance. but Walt, full of pride, would rather pay his own way by selling recreational poison from a Winnebago. he starts to act like a badass, wearing darker clothes, beating up dude bros and making cars explode. yes, science. Jesse needs a mid-level dealer for their product, to replace their last dealer. so he approaches Tuco Salamanca, Akron kid, who is in desperate need of an ashtray. negotiations go poorly, so Walt counteroffers with an explosion. he creates a new identity for himself, Heisenberg. it really gets off one making things explode. Walt and Jesse make their meth with a chemical called methamphetamine, which they have to steal. the methylamine turns their meth moves, which becomes their signature. also, Marie is still a kleptomaniac. Walt has a plan to poison Tuco with rice, but then to go kidnaps them and forces them to watch TV with his uncle, Hector, who used to be a captain in a Mexican drug cartel, Walt and Jesse escape just as Hank tracks down Jesse's car and shoots Tuco to death. at work, they reward him with the promotion and a pretty [ __ ] up trophy. later, he's transferred to El Paso, where an exploding head on a turtle Gibson PTSD. but he's still trying to track down Heisenberg. facing a power vacuum, Walt and Jesse go into business for themselves. exponential growth. that's the keys, not our territory now. he doesn't know the territory. doesn't know the territory. Jesse and Lissa's friends, badger, skinny Pete and combo to be as dealers. but they get some pushback when a little boy shoots combo right in the soda. Skyler becomes suspicious of Walt. have to tell me what's really going on right now, and goes back to her accounting job working for a schlub named Ted. they flirt. turns out ted has been embezzling money and misreporting his income to the IRS to stay afloat. but Skyler agrees to keep this secret. because while Walt's personal life is falling apart, Jesse's is coming together. he falls in love with the B and 23 next-door James. she's a tattoo artist and recovering heroin addict. and Sue. the two start to enable each other. it's gonna smoke the marijuana like a cigarette. badger is scooped up by the worst narc ever. I just want to get high. so Walt and Jesse hire a shady lawyer. you don't want a criminal lawyer, right? you want a criminal lawyer named Saul Goodman. better call Saul. Saul helps them to launder their money and becomes their all-around fixer. I once convinced a woman that I was Kevin Costner, and it worked because I believed it. after the death of combo, Walt Jessie want to get out of distribution, so Saul sets them up with a new wholesaler, Gus freak. and ever smudge his Jordans time, Gus owns a chain of fried chicken joints, donates money to the DEA children fund and is the drug kingpin of the southwest. while Jesse gets Trainspotting hi. Walt makes a big score, but misses the birth of his daughter. he holds on to Jessi's happen till he gets clean, until Jane blackmails them. any hands over the money? how do I know she'll keep quiet? I guess you don't. that same night, he has a drink with Q, who happens to be Jane's father. Walt decides to make things right with Jesse, but arrives just as Jane is Oh Dean. instead of rowing her on a side, like he did for his own daughter earlier in the episode, he watches her die. Saul's p.i Mike Ehrmantraut cleans up the mess. Mike is good at waiting. I don't care for unpredictable, so we wait, killing and being the best pop hop in the world. boom, boom, boom, boom. meanwhile, Jesse goes into rehab. Skyler leaves Walt for having a secret cellphone. and q, who's an air traffic controller, is so distracted with grief that he causes a mid-air collision, literally in Walt's home, with symbols of his corruption and secret, evil identity. is that symbolic? deep in Mexico, where everything is apparently yellow, Tuco's badass cousins make their way north to kill Walter for revenge. but Gus encourages them to redirect their anger in a more proactive direction. nombre del a hint there is Hank Schrader. wall comes clean to Skyler methamphetamine, and she sues for divorce. Walt refuses to leave. so to get back at him, she and Ted to get back at her, Walt throws some pure, uncut pizza on the roof. Walt and Jesse destroyed the RV with the help of a junkyard owner named old Joe, because apparently all guys who owned junkyards are named Joe. please call monster Joe's truck and tow from time to time. Joe helps Walt and Jesse break the law. yes. science. Walt quits his job and begins working for Gus full-time. his lab assistant is Gail, the most adorable nerd ever. yes, I am a nerd. Gail loves special brewing coffee, measuring T temperature with a laser, building potato clocks, quoting Walt Whitman time-to-time, looked up in perfect silence, stars and singing karaoke. I love Gail. thank you. they work in an enormous super lab beneath the laundry, cooking 200 pounds of meth a week, which is distributed with fast food and supply trucks. Jesse, meanwhile, gets out of rehab. it almost gets busted by Hank. instead, Hank busts up his face, and Jesse swears revenge, since she earns he's mine, fearing he'll be exposed. Walt fire scale and takes on Jesse as this new lab partner in the house. Hank is suspended for beating up Jesse. then he immediately kills Tuco's cousins in the parking lot. this cost him the use of his legs and his mojo. great. give up. I mean, seriously. it's meanwhile, Schuyler decides the Walt making recreational poison isn't so bad, and she agrees to help him launder his money. Jesse rebounds and meets a nice woman in group named Andrea. she has an adorable son named Brock, but it turns out her little brother is all about that street life and killed combo last season. Jesse confronts Gus about using child soldiers is how you do business. Walt fears for Jessie's life, so he chooses a full measure and kills the dealers himself. hashtag, justice for combo. Gus is super pissed off. Walt realizes they're expendable as long as Gail can take his place. so Jesse reluctantly fine-scale. and now Walt and Jesse keep working for Gus, who shows his displeasure by unveiling his company retirement plan. like any good employer, he uses peer mediator support to give them a truthful evaluation. Marie is still a kleptomaniac. Hank starts collecting rock because he's super depressed and he's hit his mineral bottom. his DEA buddy Steve Gomez, shows him gales notebook, leading him to think the Gayle was actually Heisenberg all along. what? but then Walt gets drunk at his ego takes over, looks like nothing more than just simple rogue copying. now Hank is all fired up and has nothing but free time, so he investigates Heisenberg and Gus Frank. he even has Walt put a tracker on Gus's car and drive him to the meth lab laundry. Jesse doesn't cope well with murdering an innocent nerd, so he drowns out the voices in his head with parties and a stereo that Marty McFly could only dream of. Gus sees Walter as a threat, so he needs to find a new full-time meth cook. therefore, he asked Mike to raise Jesse's self-esteem, just like you wanted the kids a hero. this whole season plays out like a Mean, Girls mind game, with Gus and Walt each vying for Jesse's affection. tell you, right. eventually Walt and Jesse decides that he should poison Gus with rice, which he stores inside Chekhov's upside down cigarette. Skyler buys the carwash where Walt used to work before. he asked the owner to give his genitals a full service wash. so the money laundering is going just fine. ted gets audited by the IRS, but Skyler keeps him out of trouble with her boobs. mmm, look, she even gives him money to pay off the government. but he buys a car instead. say, yours. that's high. so Saul sends a couple stand-up comedians to make sure he pays. and things kind of go south. Jesse takes a trip with Gustav visit the cartel, where he proves he's just as good a chef as mr. white. in an alarming powerplay, Gus poisons the cartel and sets himself up as the sole source of methamphetamine in the region. congratulations, Gus. now Walt is really panicky, and he wants to pay a guy to make he and his family disappear. but it turns out Skyler just gave all his money to Ted. so now Skyler is afraid for Walt safety. and this show of fear and pity really pisses him off. a guy opens his door and gets shot. and you think that of me? no, I am the one who knocks. now she realizes that her husband is an evil douche and wants to leave him. then Andrea's son, Brock, gets sick and he almost dies. and Jesse can't find his ricin cigarette. somehow Walt convinces him that Gus poisoned the kids to turn Jesse against Walt. gonna do this one way or another. miss away and let me help to get revenge. the two of them use Hector as a suicide bomber to finally take out gusts. Walt and Jesse then fulfilled the American dream of burning their workplace to the ground. and after all that, it turns out that Gus didn't even poison the kid. he just ate some berries off a plant. Walt tells Skyler, but now she's terrified of him, and she should be, because Walt actually did poison the hell out of that little boy. so now Walt covers his tracks by trashing the plant, and then he places the cigarette that he'll pickpocketed off Jesse inside a DJ Roomba. Ted loses the ability to walk in a scares of scalar. this makes Skyler re-evaluate her choices. hello, darkness, my old friend. she fakes a suicide attempt so the kids have an excuse to live with Hank and Marie. then she lays this truth bomb on walls. we waiting for the cancer to come back. meanwhile, Walt partners with Jesse and Mike to become drug kingpins. well, it's pretty pissed at the overhead expenses, like paying off Mike's old employees to keep him quiet. they use a shady pest control company as cover while they cook in people's homes. at the pest company, they meet Todd, a pure evil all Chuck's boy-next-door with the eyes of a shark, lifeless eyes like. then they partnered with Lydia, a corporate human Chihuahua who gussed used to cover his shady dealings and build a distribution network. and things go great for a while, while Walt and Jesse strengthen their surrogate father and son bond. back at the DEA, Hank gets a promotion. he's closing in on Heisenberg, and Lydia even putting a tracker on their methylamine. so the gang steals methylamine and a daring train heist where Walt promises, now that we're in control, no one else gets hurt. after Todd shoots a kid, Mike and Jesse get itchy feet. they want to sell out their share of the business to a guy named Declan, but Walt is more interested in being a kingpin. I'm in the Empire business and quoting Destiny's Child songs say, my name. Mike and Jesse sell their shares, but then the DEA freezes Mike's assets, so now he can't pay off his former employees to stay quiet. Walt kills Mike, then Todd introduces him to his Uncle Jack, leader of some Nazi assassins for hire. they kill all of Mike's guys in prison at the same time, thereby severing any connection Walt has to Gus and leaving him in the clear. so then things go great for a while with Lydia is selling their meth the Czech Republic, and Todd doing his best to assist vault. finally, after Skyler shows him a hot tub, sighs, pile of money, he walks away. Wow. but then Hank comes over, takes a and find some Whitman poetry signed by Gale bedecker. now he noticed what was actually Heisenberg all along. you got me. and remember, this show takes place in 2008 and 2009. today, Walt would have never been caught, because Hank would have been watching screen crush videos on his phone. so kids, put down your phone when you poop. you might just catch a meth dealer. Walt realizes that Hank knows the truth and tells him to try because my Chancellor is back. this sets off a game of chess between Walt and Skyler versus Hank and Marie's and involves blackmail and guacamole bean made at the table we made right here at the table. Walt tries to send Jesse away, but then Jesse figures out the whole thing with the ricin cigarette, and he swears revenge, teaming up with Hank. Walt realizes this betrayal and hires Nazi Jack to kill Jesse. thank you. Jesse find out the Walt's buried his money in the desert. they lure him to his money, which is also there. at first place, we cooked like ever. but then the Nazi show up. a gunfight ensues, killing Steve Gomez and eventually Hank. I watched Jane die. the Nazis take Jesse prisoner and steal almost all of Walt's money. he gets home, tries to get his family to come with him to change their identities, and Skyler sticks him with a knife. then he realizes that his family is lost forever. we're family. he doesn't even have the heart to follow through with kidnapping his baby daughter. instead, he gets disappeared and lives in a cabin in New Hampshire for a year, while Robert Forester brings him chemo drugs and newspapers. back in Albuquerque, Nazi Jack becomes a meth kingpin by using and then slave Jesse to cook for him, to make sure he behaves. Todd executes his girlfriend while he watches. now a near death Walt hatches one final plan to get revenge and provide for his family. he gives his money to Gretchen and Elliott to form a revocable trust for his kids by using badger and skinny Pete as fake assassins with laser pointers. hopefully. he also gave badger money to finance a Star Trek. spec script, every time Chekov eats a pie, Scottie beams it right out of Walt tells Skylar where Hank and Steve are buried, and finally confesses to her, did it for me. I liked it. he poisons Lydia with ricin, which is all kinds of duck because she has a daughter sleeping in the next room. but Lydia. and finally, he builds a robot machine gun to kill the Nazis saving Dahl ID Todd for Jessi. Jesse, who has been used, abused and enslaved, finally makes his own choice, then do it yourself, and drives away from the carnage. now, Walt's dying from a bullet wound in his side, and he spends his final moments in the chemistry lab, his one true love, leaving viewers everywhere to wonder, what's up with Marie's kleptomania? so that's the rundown of Breaking Bad. let me know your favorite Breaking Bad quote in the comments below. and if it's your first time here, please subscribe for screen Crush. I'm Ryan Arry. [Music]. 