a young couple travel to a controversial hospital in eastern europe for a breast reduction surgery. but soon whole hell breaks loose when they get there. this movie will simply blow your mind. welcome to total recaps. today we will explain a 2019 action comedy horror titled yummy. get ready for some spoilers. take a seat and enjoy. the first scene depicts an unknown institution in which physicians put a patient into an incinerator. however, it is later shown that the patient still has some life remaining. the cleaner at the premises hears some noises inside and decides to open it to rescue the patient, when a blistering hand comes from the incinerator and grabs the man's face. next in the present, a girl, allison, is driving in a vehicle with her mother, sylvia and boyfriend, michael. as it turns out, the girl is going to a hospital where she will undergo a breast reduction surgery. on their way, they encounter a roadkill. and when michael tries to remove it from the road, a vehicle runs over its splashing blood all over. due to the blood, he vomits immediately since he simply cannot stand the blood. they proceed to the clinic, and soon they get there, a woman doctor leads them inside. on their way, michael again sees blood, and his hemophobia kicks in once again. meanwhile, a doctor examines a man's reproductive organ and reports that he is healing well. he is a superstar called william meyer, disguised under alfred. the woman doctor, on the other hand, leads the party to meet dr kroenczyk. dr kroensick takes them to another room where he begins to awkwardly grope alison's breasts from every angle. later, alison and michael converse outdoors where a guy called daniel joins them. he observes allison and admires her proportions. sylvia is undergoing surgery, and alison is the next in line. michael becomes concerned when the physicians disregard her blood type or any other preliminary testing. his suspicions cause an uproar, but the doctors have daniel take him away. as alison walks inside the operating room. inside, alison becomes concerned since she cannot locate dr kraswick. daniel leads michael through restricted areas and tells him to wait while he steals some pills from the room. michael takes us to another room where we see a lady strapped to a bed, and she breathes heavily. michael removes the mask off her face to alleviate her agony, but a horrifically gory mouth emerges underneath the lady begins to scream furiously. and daniel enters, directing michael to go immediately, since he was as well, unaware of the situation. following that, michael rushes to the operating room and attempts to halt alison's operation. he becomes violent, so he is sedated with a needle. meanwhile, the undead girl can be seen creeping down the hall on cctv. michael awakens time to the bed, and when the doctor enters, he begs to be released, claiming he is calm now he seems calm, so they let him go. but he runs back to the operating room to halt the operation. the staff and surgeon get irritated and leave the room, while alison becomes irritated by his constant interruptions. as they walk away, they see patients who are quickly escorted out of the room, while the staff attempts to keep them calm. william comes out of nowhere and declares that he just saw a guy devouring another man. nobody believes him, until the doors are abruptly broken by zombies. the situation worsens. zombies appear from each direction, and they are suddenly everywhere. allison says they must find her mother before they leave. they go on to see the horror of a zombie feasting on a pregnant woman. hungry zombie attacks them, and michael gets electrocuted while defending himself. but alison manages to take down the zombie. when she turns around, she finds her lover unconscious and bleeding. so she escapes in order to save herself. when alison breaks into an operating room, the monster chases her down and attacks the physicians as additional zombies rush into the area and wreak havoc on everyone. the situation worsens. then we see william, who rushes into the kitchen and finds oxana. william attempts to console her while she promises to keep his presence here a secret. meanwhile, allison searches the corridors and finally finds her mother, who is resting after the operation, sylvia refuses to wake up, so allison takes her bed and pulls it out into the hall. alison then infiltrates daniel's chamber. the zombie pursues them and bites sylvia's leg, but daniel uses a fire extinguisher to crush the monster. back in the kitchen, oksana reveals her wish to have intercourse before she dies. but william just had a pp enlargement surgery, so he cannot do it right now. but he agrees to do it after all. after they did it, he then washes the area, but burns himself with hot water. he uses some kind of gel and then lights a matchstick to read what is it actually, the matchstick falls and sets him on fire. oksana uses the fire extinguisher to put out the fire. furious, he rushes outside, only to be tormented by the zombies. michael is awake but dizzy. he walks into a lab full of specimens where he accidentally releases a zombie reptile. meanwhile, daniel is carrying sylvia, and they come across a quarter filled with zombies. so they deviate and enter a chamber where the surgeon offers them shelter. meanwhile, michael and the others are wandering down the corridor when daniel knocks him down and drags him inside, where he wakes up to see allison's face. they are all together now, and they discuss sylvia bad condition. she is turning into a zombie, and dr kraswick tries to murder her, only to be splashed with her blood from her mouth. he then says he must go to the laboratory to take the vaccine. the group eventually reaches the lab, where michael barricades a doorway and ties sylvia to a chair. sylvia's condition worsens as the physicians attempt to save her from mutating. dr kraswick then admits they were testing some sort of an anti-age product which caused this mutations, and one patient escaped and caused all this mess yanya suddenly murders him with the axe, claiming that he is infected. they attempt to come up with another plan, but sylvia bites a piece off yonah's arm, causing him to amputate himself. alison rushes forward and murders her own zombie mother because she has no other option. the group attempts to flee, but the door is locked and zombies are about to burst in. michael prepares an explosive to blow it up, but allison just slides the door open. they make it to the top when michael is assaulted by a zombie girl. he attaches explosives to her body, impales her with a chair and flees through the roof. on the roof, everyone crosses the ledge to the other side, except jonah, who falls and dies. the rest of them continue downstairs. daniel approaches yanya and informs her that he knows she is the one who carried out the experiment. she offered him a bribe in order to keep the secret between them. they continued to the garbage shoot, where michael volunteers to be the first to go down, but he vomits all over himself. regardless, he falls down and everyone follows. but before leaving, daniel begs yanya for his fifty thousand dollars in exchange for secrecy. they go down the chute. once she accepts, yanya goes to a side room and finds a zombie there, which she uses to deceive daniel into coming there and infecting him with a zombie. enraged, he kills yanya and conceals his wound. soon after, oksana climbs out of the basement where security personnel, instead of assisting her, they shower bullets on her. they must eliminate any threat, it seems. with no other option, the three of them seek another route and are pursued by zombies. the reptile bites michael, but he crushes it to a pulp. they next go to the sewers, which are, likewise lined with zombies. when they discover michael's illness, he takes out a ring for allison, but she angrily rejects him. following daniel's lead, they come upon a manhole, which allison attempts to open, but is crushed by a military truck driving over it. daniel flees as she sobs in agony, and she apologizes to michael for bringing them here. michael then cuts allison's fingers, and she and her friends flee. finally, they locate a secure manhole, and alison descends into the tube. daniel promises her that he will take care of her and walks away, leaving michael infected. while michael is being attacked by a zombified william, daniel murders him with his own ribs and removes his intestine to use it as a rope to get out, but daniel refuses to pull him out. michael, who is powerless, battles zombies as alison and daniel flee in the vehicle. alison asks daniel to drive the vehicle after leaving the premises, but she soon discovers that he is infected as well. she becomes terrified and begs him to leave, but he attacks her, so she stabs him and kicks him out. michael, on the other hand, puts his explosives in the tunnel, causing all of the city's sewers to explode. as alison drives along the road, zombies emerge from the manholes, and michael amongst them. and she hits him with her vehicle, unaware it was him. as soon as she realizes what she's done, she loses control of the vehicle and smashes it into a tree. thank you for watching. if you want to see more, make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications. see you later. 