welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition AKA christian fail. and this episode, were breaking down some massive new updates we have in regards to the batman. every week, same bat-time, same bat-channel. we go over the movie, and since the reveal of the Batsuit last week, we've got a ton of information on the upcoming films. throughout this video, we'll be discussing the big bats in theory, the sheet that reveals when the Batmobile could be seen, some plot leaked details and a lot more. there may be some spoilers here, so if you don't want anything about the film potentially ruined, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into a breakdown of the Batman. okay, so the bat suit broke the internet last week with a big video posted by Matt Reeves that gave us our first look at what the Dark Knight will be donning in the movie. since then, there's been a couple of things come out, as well, as the theory that the bat symbol itself would be made from the gun that Joe Chill used to kill the Wayne's Chill could definitely be in the film due to the fact that it looks like the crime was solved and this is how the murder weapon was retrieved. the theory has been picking up a lot of steam, and it actually pulls directly from several comic book arcs, including Detective Comics 1000, which was titled manufacture for use. in that Bruce retrieved the gun used by Chill and melted it down, reforging it as a metal plate, and then he placed it under the bat symbol on his chest, so that it served as something that would protect rather than cause harm. it shows the psyche of Batman himself, who, similar to the Joker, could have went over the deep end after one bad day, but instead, he chose to be a force for good. the story was penned by Kevin Smith, and he even said that he hopes it's true. but it looks like it could well be, as we have a mock-up of a gun that appears to confirm the theory. with these side-by-side you can see how everything lines up. and it appears that the chest symbol is definitely going to be pulling from this. in addition to this. we have an insider who is currently working on the film that says there is going to be a second bat suit in the movie that is revealed after a certain scene. for weeks now, we have been saying that there's gonna be a big moment in a Cathedral in the film. this was initially one of the first leaks after a huge soundstage was revealed in Bedfordshire. recently, this was given a lot more precedent by a casting sheet that dropped, giving a ton of information. not only does it mention a party scene that will take place on Halloween, but it also confirms that a funeral scene will be filming in between the 16th and 20th of March. Twitter user Coddington sheds, who is reportedly a big airship fan, said, shed warned filming is in full swing. the place is filled with American police, SWAT teams and a load of people dressed in funeral attire. in addition to this, a person working on the movie posted the following film chair that shows Robert Pattinson seat and shouts the little Vengeance that has been written on this. it looks like the person has been on set. and they also dropped a pretty big pot leak that discusses what will be happening had the aforementioned funeral scene, and how it will end up leading to Batman needing a second suit. the information was posted to the subreddit DC EU leaks, and it says the following, we finished building a huge Cathedral set in there just a bit ago, and have begun filming inside. so recently, Matt Reeves revealed the Batsuit. we just started filming with it recently. it looks very cool in person, and Robert looks great. what I know from filming in the current Cathedral set piece is that this suit gets destroyed very early on. I think it is due to a villain, but I couldn't tell. it's Batman's prototype suit, and once it gets destroyed, he makes a new one. I haven't seen it in action, but I saw a few pictures taken by someone who was putting it together. it's extremely similar to spider-man shield suit from the far from home movie last year. the material is very similar, being a sort of tactical, padded fabric material. there's way less straps and extra details on the bat suit compared to the spider-man suit, but the material and look is very similar. it's gray with full black gloves extending to his forearms and black boots. the symbol is no longer metal and lacking years. it's a more classic version of the symbol on the first suit in the film. the cowl is made of a higher quality material than the leather of the first cowl. the ears are medium to long lengths, and the mouth opening is much smaller. he no longer has a collar, and I think he might have the white eyes to the utility belt is a bronze Gold faded color, and it's more pouch than the futuristic metal type bell of the Nolen films. if I had to describe the suit and pictures rather than words, it would be a cross of this in this and they then dropped the following images. so that's really interesting, and I think it makes a lot of sense. when the suit was released, a lot of people did say it looks slightly like a cosplay version. and the description on this sounds more in line with what some people were hoping for. personally, I love the suit reveal, but I know from the comments in the video that many were disappointed with how it came across. this turns out to be true, then I think that the white eyes would please a lot of people. but as always, take leaks like this with a pinch of salt. though it does line up with certain casting calls and more, there is potential that it could be made up. but if it is true, I'm very excited to see the evolution of the costume. I think we can pretty much guarantee that the batsu won't be the one that Batman uses for the majority of his career, so the change ups do you make a lot of sense. the user has since deleted their post account and probably been found and shot by Warner Brothers. as leaks like this are always a big security risk. when stuff like this happens, it tends to be true rather than false. so that does seem to give the post some weight to it. I'll keep an eye out for any updates on the suit on the subreddit, because it's being given a lot more authenticity recently due to some of the leaks. the current image on-screen was posted a couple of weeks ago as a Batman bat suit concept art post, but I didn't report on it because it did just look like mock-up to me. however, as we now know your boy death is the world's worst detective. and this is actually very, very similar to the suit that we ended up getting in the recent reveal. so yeah, I'll keep an eye out for more things like that. fool me once, shame on me. fool me twice, shame on shame on you. you know you you could. anyway, before we get into the rest of the video, I just want to let you know we're giving away a free copy of the Infinity Saga box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the updates in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of March. in this set, will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. okay, so now the Batsuit has been shown, everyone's next question is, when will we see the Batmobile and villains? well, if you've been keeping up to date with the channel, then you'll know that we posted a report from British newspaper, The Daily Record, that said that the Batmobile would be seen on the streets of Glasgow pretty soon. we do know that the film team are going to be shooting on the streets of the skosh City very soon. as we have a full sheet of the shooting schedule that outlines the dates of when we could be seeing the car. not only does this list the streets that filming is going to take place on, and if you're in Glasgow, you should definitely try and make the trip out there, but it also shows the times and dates that they will happen. the first scene will be shot on the 21st of February, from 3:00 p.m. all the way up until midnight. and then more filming will happen over the next three days. because of this, it does seem very likely that the Batmobile will be either shown on the 21st or before then. the 21st is a Friday, and as Reeves did drop the Batsuit on a Thursday, it is possible that it will be shown officially on the 20th. I'm sure many people working on the film would rather have a full video or professional photograph. it's the first thing that people see, rather than a leaked video taken on someone's phone. we don't know for definite, but earlier in the month, we did hear leaks that the suit would come out on the 14th, and then it pretty much dropped then. so it does make a lot of sense. the catsuit is also something that people are eagerly anticipating, and it hopefully won't be too long before we get our first glimpse. at that twitter account, the bat robber, regularly post news and reports on the Batman, and they dropped a tweet that stated that they've heard from inside is that the suit will look incredibly close to the arkham knight design that we now have on screen. they said that it will be black, made of leather and have a helmet, though there was no mention of goggles, and this is not being reported by any other outlet. it was also said that Catwoman would have leather boots, similar to the design that she Don's from time to time in the comics. so this seems like it's keeping in line with the source material. we haven't heard any rumors yet of when it will be posted, but hopefully it's not too long. and finally, we have some more images that show the leaked footage we reported on last week in higher-quality. you checked out the prior video, you'll know that we broke down some leaked footage that showed a jogger and Gotham being jumped by a gang. we now have some high-quality photographs that show the gang info get up. we can see that the makeup is indeed black and white. and this does line up with these thugs being part of the penguin gang. I had a couple of people still argue that this would be part of the Joker gang, but these pictures show the black and white paint in more detail. you will probably remember from Batman Returns that the penguin also rolled with a clown type of gang, as he was from a traveling circus. and this could be why the gang has smiles on. again, I don't really think it's the Joker, as black and white tends to be, you specifically with the penguin, but I guess we'll see in the upcoming weeks. anyway, that's all of the news on the Batman that we have this week. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the Batman updates, so comment below and let me know. make sure you subscribe to the channel, up of videos like this every day. and if you want something else to watch, we've got a great breakdown of the Batsuit and the other updates on the movie that you may have missed, which are going to be linked at the end. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it, and it goes a long way to helping videos like this get made. you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey, I'll click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers, so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. now see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 