before we begin, let me start by saying, money cannot buy you happiness. but yes, it can the Stars if I'm moving today. ah, the American Gigolo, except in this movie, he's paying for it. Erin Brockovich, ain't never seen that damn movie, big guy who always plays a nice guy in his movies, but you can't ever remember what he was in. Princess Diaries, that guy who always plays a dick in his movies, but you can't ever remember what the [ __ ] he was in either. Shallow Hal played on. story begins with this slimy slug lawyer named Stuckey walking around the party being a creep and reminding everybody that he kisses a lot of rich ounces. meet Edward, that's upon which stuck his lips are usually planted. he's on the phone arguing with his woman, who's Jeannette him for treating her like a hooker. she's like, look, I ain't gonna be at your beck and call. I don't care how fine your actives. oh, if that's your real hair, or if you're respectful to me on the phone while I'm being a talk oh, if I saw an American Gigolo that you got that massive [ __ ] oh, why is she leaving him again? oh right. because the hero can't be very heroic if he's got a girlfriend while he's picking up hookers. so he's like, fine, I'm gonna take a ride and stuck his car with the wind blowing through my perfect hey, down here with the average folk just trying to buck for living, we meet tennis, I mean, Vivian. and Vivian is broke because her BFF, the crack ho kids, keeps buying drugs with all the money they make selling. and back at their place of employment, it's like, I'm hungry and I'm like, maybe that's because you spend all your money on crack and the only thing you ever put in your mouth is dick man Edward, who obviously can't do without help, pulls over, they on [ __ ] Street. while he tries to figure out where the hell he's going and how the hell he's gonna get that million works her. it's over to him, and she's like, you looking for a date, sugar? he's like, no, I just broke up with my girlfriend, got lost and conveniently ended up here on the corner of Hollywood and home. she offers him directions for ten bucks. and when he says no, she meticulously places her in his window. look at all this meticulousness. suddenly he is convinced he can afford $10, and he's gonna let her drive while she chauffeurs his spoiled to his hotel. Sheehan treats him with genius information like, did you know your foot as as long as your arm, from your elbow to your wrist? that ain't true. oh my god. then she tells him she charges $100 an hour. and he's like, that's pretty stiff. I hope this is not a sexual in your window, because I simply cannot condone big jokes. and they go to his pit house where he paisa then wants to talk about their feelings, and how he's scared of heights and can't enjoy the view from the balcony because he's too good to go out there. and she's like, can we just please hold the dingdong out already? then he ordered champagne and strawberries because he's a gentleman, trying to give this Paul broke hooker taste of the good life, just before he offers her a taste of his mark. and he's like, how much to spend the night? and she says, $300. you know how it is, you buy wholesale and get a discount. think of it like shopping in save a thought. so the next morning, after he's been on the phone dictating to his lawyer, she tells him his dictate like money. as it turns out, Vivian's about to get more money. and dictating because Edward needs somebody to spend the whole week with him, because he doesn't need any romantic hassles. just supposed to act like he got a ladies attack along with him to all his business [ __ ]. oh, and he got to negotiate, because he don't want to buy his [ __ ] at full price. forget this. he talks it down from $4,000 to $3,000, but then tells her he would have paid for water. so Vivian goes out to buy some better clothes that don't show off her goods, and she runs into these frigid Jews. see, this is why you shouldn't wear too much cosmetics. you have one day where you're grumpy, and then it'll just Harden and you'll never look the same again. and before you know it. you won't let hookers buy clothes that you fancy stole. so Vivian leaves crying and goes back to her hotel, where she stopped by the hotel manager, and he's like, well, we don't normally allow our guests to entertain working girls such as yourself, so if you want to stay here with Edward, you need to get yourself some clothes from someplace other than the big and tall horse stalls. and Vivian says, well, I tried to get some nice, big him don't hit, and it was like, no [ __ ]. and money didn't so he gets on the horn and he's like, yes, women's clothing. this is sad little hooker here, and she needs to look more not hooker. later, Edward picks her up in the hotel bar for her first real date that doesn't require a rubber or a trip to the free clinic. and they go to a fancy restaurant where they overcharge Edward for some potted meat on a cracker, and he discusses his plans to buy out this old man's business, while Vivian charms everybody she meets and gags on the leaf. yeah, like that's the worst thing she's ever tasted. later, back at the penthouse, Edward decides to confide in the hooker he just met the day before about his dead daddy, and about how ain't nobody gonna be feeling sorry for that old man at dinner who don't want ever buying his company? did you know Richard Gere composes pcs playing in this scene? oh yeah. and after he bangs on the piano, he bangs on Vivian. you know, sometimes it's just right itself. the next day, Edward, who never had time for any other woman, has time to take Vivian shopping to protect her from the miss Meany faces. now I don't know why she ain't wearing the cocktail dress she just wore the night before, and had she been wearing the same underwear for three days. if so, I'm not sure if that's hot or nasty. so while Edward goes to earn more money, Vivian Spencer. and while Vivian is shopping, Edward, who has been spiritually moved by his two nights in bed with Vivian, starts questioning the ethics of taking advantage of the old man, struggles. and is much of an Soler Stuckey, ed you gotta give him props here for being the only one in this movie who's like, oh, all of a sudden you get some good that changes your life, and suddenly I'm the bad guy. what else? Oh, Mall healings. everyone's like, boohoo. my daddy left me of my mama when I was little. whose daddy hasn't? so I bought his business out from under his bed. be dead. it didn't make me feel better. and I'm right now things to spend my money on. so now, to make myself feel better, I buy hookers and a polo match the next day, which is a scene they totally ripped off from my fair lady, except that was a horse racing cougar thing of it. this whole damn movie is my fair lady, except ain't nobody singing, and Eliza's life didn't require daily doses of penicillin. what are we talking about? right? the polo match with Snooki sees Vivian talking to David, the old man's grandson. and Stuckey gets most suspicious. Edward admits that, much like Stuckey himself, Edward is paying Vivian to suck his D so Stuckey goes to Vivian and tells her he knows the truth, and that after Edward leaves town, he wouldn't mind giving her a little pickle tickle. Paul. Vivian, she's like, I feel so cheap. and it was like, well, maybe y'all to raise your prices so much. fan was not wanting any romantic hassles. she's like, give me my money. I want to go. she wants to leave. get call a bluff. I want to leave my you can probably find elephants with smaller than Richard Gere's. and it was like, don't leave, baby. I don't want you to [ __ ] it stuck. it. and this is a fairy tale, so they make up a moment. the next day, Stuckey gets pissed at Edward for leaving work early to go on a date with Vivian. and Vivian and Edward flies to the Opera in Edwards private jet. Oh, for [ __ ] sake, did this movie have intercourse with Twilight and squeezed out that fugly baby named Fifty Shades of Grey? the next day, he misses work again to spend the day with the hooker. well, might as well get his money's worth. and Vivian learns what it's like to go from wearing the same underwear for three days to changing your outfit every three hours. later, she sees him sleep in, which he said he never does. and she's like, oh, I don't solve all your problems here. let me put my big nasty mouth on you. next morning, Edward tells Vivian he's leaving for New York the next day, and then he's setting her up for a free ride in a fancy car. she's going to get an apartment, a limo, a driver and all the clothes she wants. and Vivian's like, no, that sounds like I'd rather serve before 11:00. and it was like, what's the actual expensive and Vivian says, well, you see, when I was a little girl, but I always wanted was for Heroes, right up on his big white stallion, throw his big I mean so and climb up to the attic where my mama locked me up, so the hero could rescue me from my mama. okay, that evil that locked me in the Attic and butchered my self-esteem, which thing called me to pack my bags and move to hookerville. because apparently the writers of this movie thinks that when a Danish Sun and Sun, he grows up to be a handsome millionaire, and when a mama son or daughter, she grows up to be a broke surely, after Edwin carries his daddy complex to work and tells the old man he wants to help him with his business instead of buying it. and he spent some time feeling the grass with his big, ugly golem feet. and all of Edwards skin around give Stuckey time to work out the deal with the old man, go to Edwards Hotel and try to force himself on Vivian. then Edwards hero-senses stalked England, and he teleports his find it right to the scene of the crime and saves the day. but just when you think he's gonna hang upside down in the rain while she takes off his superhero mask and kisses him while he slowly suffocates. god, I always hated that scene. you're gonna have to wait, because Vivian leaves. oh, here I'm getting brave, overcoming his fear of heights. I'll tell you who the real hero is, this poor hotel owner that's been trying to get people to notice him this whole damn movie. he's the only one smart enough to get the same limo driver who took Vivian home to drive Edwards so they know where she lives. he's like, you are special. kind of dumb bit. what the kind of hero is this, Edward? I mean, he don't ask her nothing about how he can reach her later. you got to depend on a hotel manager and a limo driver to find his woman can't even drive a climb a single your ladder to get up. so she meets him halfway down. because we're all equal here. and I'm just sitting here like, girl, I'm your backup to your dump of an apartment and say, if you won't visit, come and get it. you know what? I'm just gonna shut up now. and be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular fix of meth. you can expect me to upload videos everytime. I need money to buy some happiness. and that get expensive. for movies explained for I'm Jam or dial. always time to dream, so keep on dreaming. 