hi everybody. today i want to recap an action movie called hansel and gretel, the witch hunter. hope you enjoy. [Music] the film begins with the classic fairy tale. abandoned by their father in a forest, young hansel and gretel enter a gingerbread house and are captured by a cannibalistic witch. [Music] the witch forces hansel to continuously eat sweets to fatten him up, and enslaves gretel. the siblings outsmart her and incinerate her in the oven. [Music] in the 15 years that follow, hansel and gretel become famed witch hunters, slaying hundreds of witches. now adults, hansel and gretel arrive in the town of augsburg and prevent sheriff behringer from executing a beautiful young woman named mina for witchcraft. mayor engelman has hired the siblings to rescue the town's missing children, who are presumed abducted by witches. behringer hires trackers for the same mission in the hopes of disgracing the mayor and cementing his power. hansel and gretel capture the horned witch and discover that the witches are preparing for the coming blood moon, where they plan to sacrifice 12 children to gain immunity to fire their greatest weakness, the grand witch muriel, attacks the town with her army and abducts another child. oh my god. [Music], good news. [Music]. she attacks gretel, and she rescued by ben, a local teenager and avid fan of theirs, who plans to become a witch hunter himself. the next morning, mina finds hansel stuck in a tree and takes him to a nearby spring where she heals his wounds and they make love in the healing waters of the spring. when searching for hansel, gretel is attacked by bearing her and his posse, who beat her before being stopped by muriel's troll. the troll kills barringer and his men. he tells gretel that his name is edward, and tells gretel that he helped her because trolls serve witches. later, hansel and gretel discover an abandoned cabin that they learn as a witch's lair. in their childhood home, muriel confronts them and tells them the truth of their past [Music] hansel and gretel's mother was a white witch named adriana who married a farmer. [Music]. on the night of the last blood moon, muriel planned to use the heart of the white witch to complete her potion. she found adriana too powerful and decided to use gretel's heart instead. to get rid of adriana, she revealed to the townspeople that adriana was a witch. the resulting angry mob burned her alive and hanged hansel and gretel's father, who had been trying to protect them by leaving them in the forest. the siblings battle muriel before she stabs hansel and abducts gretel to complete her long due ceremony. hansel wakes up with mina, who reveals herself to be a white witch. she heals him again and uses a grimoire to bless his arsenal of weapons. hansel, mina and ben disrupt the blood moon sabbath. mina slaughters the dark witches with a gatling gun, while hansel frees the children. edward defies muriel and releases gretel before muriel throws him off the cliff. hansel, ben and mina follow muriel's trail to the original gingerbread house, now rotted and decayed. muriel kills mina before hansel shoots her. the siblings engage muriel in a brutal fight that ends with gretel decapitating her with a shovel. they burn her body on a pyre and collect their reward for rescuing the children. in the end, they head out on their next witch hunt, now accompanied by ben and edward. thanks for watching. consider to subscribe and see you again in the next video. you 