[Music], triple frontier has just dropped on Netflix, and this action-packed thriller is getting pretty good reviews across the board. the 120 minute movie has a lot to unpack from it, so I thought I'd put together a breakdown on the film to discuss everything that you need to know about the movie. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you don't want to know anything about the film or its ending, and I highly suggest that you turn off now. don't forget to watch until the end of the video to hear my review of triple frontier, which is definitely worth sticking around for. without the way, I'm definition. and welcome to the channel where I explain it so you don't have to. after Santiago, a Pope Garcia, played by Oscar Isaac discovers the whereabouts of a high-profile drug lord named Gabriel Martin Lauria. he reunites with four of his former Special Forces operatives to plan a heist. it's pretty clear that the majority of the characters are sick from fighting for their country and getting nothing from it. and this mission, which they plan to be their last, is solely for personal gain. the group are made up of Tom red fly Davis, played by Ben Affleck, who is struggling to pay bills as a real estate agent. William Ironhead Miller, played by Charlie Hunnam, who makes ends meet as a motivational speaker for the army, his brother Ben, who is a UFC fighter, and his trainer, Francisco catfish Morales, played by Pedro Pascal. whilst predominantly they are retired, the group are struggling to adjust to civilian life. and though they initially protest Garcia attempting to recruit them, for one reason or another, they're dragged back into the fray. it's basically like when you tell your mates you don't want a night out, but they keep asking and asking, and before you know it, you're lying in the middle of the street covered in Jagermeister with a woman named Malcolm. anyway, they arrive at the South American house and discover that these guys aren't your typical, friendly drug dealers, like your ex housemate John, but they're the bad ones that hold executions in their garden, a murder anyone who would attempt to rob them. Garcia's girlfriend called Jovana, whose brother is in jail after a drug bust enter the house and supplies Garcia with information in exchange for her siblings release. and Garcia reveals to the team that maybe Chloe the government in like they originally said, isn't the best idea. they say, F it and decide to do it anyway, aware that if successful, it means that they won't be able to return to their normal lives. with the help of your bana, Garcia is able to sneak into the compound, and in some stealth scenes that are reminiscent of Splinter Cell, they take the house and discover that the money is hidden in the walls. it's wall-to-wall cash, literally, cuz, cuz of the cash in the war. never mind. anyway, the group get greedy and tried to take more cash than they can because DC are no longer paying Ben Affleck to be Batman. and Lauria ambushes them from his safe house, shooting William. in the process, Lorena is killed, and the gods returned to the house, which forces the group to do a pretty merciless leave no witnesses cleaner. they make it to the LZ. that stands for landing zone. in case you haven't played seven hundred hours of call of duty, and they start extracting the cash. they drop off your vana and her family with a load of money, which is when she drops the bombshell that they stole more than the Reyes money, and that more people will be coming after them over the Andes. the helicopter starts struggling, so they have to dump fifty million dollars, but it's not enough, and the gearbox blows on the helicopter, which forces them to make a hard landing in a farmer's field, minus the money. it turns out the farmers field is actually a drug plantation. and after red fly gets a bit trigger-happy, the group have to bribe their way out of the situation. they traverse the jungle and mountains, making it rain along the way. the group then eventually end up burning a lot of the money to keep warm. and similar to Pablo Escobar, it becomes pretty clear that it was never really about the money for these guys. the entire adventure for them has been about returning to the life that they felt they had to leave behind. red fly in the film states that he only feels good when he's got a gun in his hand. and this scene of him tipping his suitcase full of cash on the fire, showcases that all he cared about was being back on a mission, the one thing that made him feel any semblance of normality. things heat up pretty quickly for the group though, when they are shot by snipers and red fly is killed by a boy from the farm who had been tracking them until he could get a clean shot. they learned that the village has people after them, and decide that the only way to survive is to head through them. chucking away the money into a gorge, they carry red flies body the rest of the journey and managed to commandeer a Jeep, which leads to a drag race to the beach. the group managed to make it to the beach and boat, and from here they escape. when coming to split the cash, though, they realized that it would be morally wrong to take it when red fly didn't make it home, so they decide to forfeit their shares and donate the remaining 5 million dollars to his family. they go their separate ways, and Garcia promises to go and see your vana in Australia. he part ways with William, reminding him to make sure that red flies family don't forget who he is. William passes him as crumpled up piece of paper and says, maybe you can go and do something good with it one day. Garcia opens it up and finds that there are coordinates written there. now, those who are confused as to what this means, this is because during the scene when the group throw away the money, William marked it on the map. as the area will be covered in snow soon, it becomes unlikely that it will ever be discovered by those who don't have the exact coordinates. quite a smart move, and lets us know that the trip wasn't for nothing. and that ties up the film and sends us into the credits. now on to my review. Netflix original movies are often pretty mediocre. and normally, the films only appear on the platform because the studio behind them don't have the confidence to distribute them theatrically. however, I thought that triple frontier was fantastic. the movie could have fallen victim to a number of cliches, but every time I thought that one would rear its head at the film dive, there it and through another hurdle in front of the group. this is really gripping. cinema that is reminiscent of films like Sicario 2 and much more, and it still feels unique and original. overall, I had a fantastic time with the movie, and right now it stands as one of the best original films on the platform. everyone performed fantastically. and hopefully one day we get a quadruple frontier, even if that title is terrible. anyway, what were your thoughts on triple frontier, and did you figure out more? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of this week's other big release, Captain Marvel, which will be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 