so it starts way up in the north at Winterfell. it's a cold place, where Lord Ned Stark is in command. he's the guy who's all like, winter is coming now. this is his wife, Catelyn Stark is the eldest son, Robb Stark. started Sansa's pretty bran. likes to climb things. Arya is a tomboy. this one doesn't matter. Jon Snow is his bastard child. no one likes bastards. now, they all get wolf puppies, by the way, super cute. this is the capital, King's Landing, where the hand of the Kings, like the second in command, he just died. so fat King Robb wrothians like, yo, Ned, be my new hand to the king. now, there are old friends, so they hug it out. this is Cersei Lannister, the Queen the Lannisters of the richest family in the land. she's a big [ __ ] though. they're a twin brother, Jaime Lannister, who's really handsome. here's the Prince, Joffrey. they're gonna marry him off to Sansa, but he's a huge douche, so he gets slapped around by his uncle, Tyrion, who's a dwarf. he likes beer. he likes boobs. now, speaking of boobs, across the sea, this is Darren Aerys, Targaryen. the Targaryen were kings for hundreds of years, until then current king Rob just rebelled. that's her brother. now she undresses her which is not the most incestuous thing you will see today. see, he was gonna marry her off to called rogue with a horse barbarian in exchange her army to go back and conquer the realm. so they get married. they call her Khaleesi, and this is why, because he's the call so she's the Khaleesi. she gets some dragon eggs as a gift, because Targaryen love dragons. they used to have them, but they're extinct, so these definitely won't patch. back in Winterfell, cat gets a letter from her sister, who is the wife of the recently deceased hand, and she says the Lannisters murdered him. so brain goes climbing. turns out the Lannister twins are having some incest sex, like I told you. so Jaime pushes him out the window, which is a hugely dick move, but he survives. so everyone's gonna leave. Jon Snow's like, your dad, who's my mom, by the way? and Ned's like, yo, bro, it's way too early in the series for me to tell you that. so Jon goes off to join the Nights Watch with his uncle Benjen. they guard the wall from what's on the other side. so it's just like wild in barbarians. and also, ice zombies, totally mythical, though tyrion comes for fun. so everyone else is going down south to the capital census. on date with Joffrey's going great until our yz-plane sticks with the butcher's boy. so Joffrey's being a dick, so Aria slaps him of the stick, and his wife bites his arm. he cries like a [ __ ]. so his mom's all like, look, you gotta kill that wolf. but Aria central wolf away already. so the kill Sansa's wolf instead, which is so sad. and you really hate these two. now, bran, who's still in a coma. but this assassin shows up and he's got a dagger. he's like, I'll kill him, but the wolf saves his life. they're like, this are really nice dagger. she's like, I bet it's the Lannisters. so she goes to find out. when Ned arrives in the capital, sits bearish, they called the Spyder. he's the master of whisperers, so he knows everything. he's a eunuch though, so he has no balls, maybe no dick. this is Petyr Baelish, they call he's a master of coin. he's been lovin as web cat forever. this elder guy doesn't matter. cat arrives and things. she's like, yellow old friend, little finger, help me find out who's mur trying to murder my son. they're like, oh, this is Tyrion Lannister's dagger. she's like, I knew it was the Lannisters. so she goes home, checking in with the kids. arya got a sword from Jon Snow before they left, she named it needle. and he was like, sticking with the pointy end, which is pretty good advice. but she decides to get real sword lessons from this guy, cereal. he's like, what do we say to the god of death? not today. now, bran wakes up from his coma seven sketchy dreams about a three-eyed Raven, and he's paralyzed from the waist down. so he has to be carried by this big [ __ ] guy, Hodor, who can only say his own name. so brands out, riding in his handicap saddle, and he's ambushed by wildlings who happen to be there. but he's saved by Theon Greyjoy. now, beyond the creatures are the Lords of the Iron Islands. and they rebelled many years back. they're like pirate people. and so he's here as a hostage who's raised by that starts essentially those one of his own son. and they captured this wild in girl, ahsha, who doesn't come back to much later. so this is Sandra Cole gang. they call him the hound. he's Joffrey party guard, and here's his brother. they come the mountain cuz he's the biggest guy around. he's got a burnt face cuz he burned them. so they hate each other. and this guy's really big, by the way, cuts his head off his horse for some reason that will come back later. speaking of horses, across the seat, Khal Drogo was just partying up barbarian style. this guy's like, you let's go conquer. he's like, here's your crown, molten gold on the head. so this guy's dead. like, before we even did anything, he was a dick. he having rabies sex with Khaleesi. but then this scene happened where she teaches her how to have like, really good sex, and then have really good sex, and they fall in love, and she gets pregnant. so king, fat King Robb is all, I kill we got a killer. because he was in love with Ned's sister, Lyanna stark, who was captured by the old Targaryen Prince Rhaegar, and that's why he rebelled in the first place. but she died anyway. so Varys is like, I got a guy over there who can help us out. he's in with Lisa. this is Jorah Mormont. he's an exiled light but the problem is he sort of has this huge crush on her now that he's met her. so when the order comes in that they're gonna have her assassinated, he's all, I kill wine. guy. you drink that wine. it's like, I know it's poison. okay. so they stopped him and called Roby's like, oh, they try to kill you, my moon and stars like, I will cross the sea with my horse and kill them all and rape their women. so that's their plan. Tyrion at the wall. he pisses off, and he's like, by Jon Snow. didn't wash his hand, by the way. he's going back down south, stops at this in Catelyn Stark happens to be there. she's like, go arrest this man. you tried to kill my son. so everyone's like, yeah, we got it. they're gonna take him over to her sister's place in the big mountain Castle. now, our sisters got problems. she's still breastfeeding her son, even though he's way too old for that. a lot of weird stuff going on in the show. then we might still gonna try Tyrion and throw him down the hole, but it's just gonna be a sham trial. so he's like, got demand trial by combat. of course, he can't fight. so this guy's like, I'll fight for you. this is Bronn. he's the sell sword that was on the road with them, so he knows Tyrians rich. that's why I'll fight for him. and so he dispatches this guy easily because he's really good at killing people. and by the laws of the realm, if you win trial by combat, you are proven innocent. but they don't know that here. so Jamie's like, yo, Ned Stark, give me my brother back. and they have this awesome duel, because they're two of the best sword fighters in the realm. and it's going really sweet till this random guard stabs him in the leg. she's a hugely dick move. if you're having an awesome duel, it's the Kings like, wait a minute. why are you guys fighting? I just like to get drunk, like, I'm gonna go hunting. you run the realm. she's running the round. turns out the mountain cut the head off the horse. he's been raping everyone in the countryside now he's a Bannerman for the Lannisters. and Sinead's like, oh, I see what's going on here. bring him to justice. he says, this got beric Dondarrion. none of this matters though, until, like, season two or three, I forget. so Ned gets busy researching the murder of the last hand of King with little fingers help. so the last hand was researching, backing Rob's bastard children. this is one. he's a blacksmith, Gendry. he's got really black hair. the hand was also reading this big book on the lineages. and turns out every Baratheon ever, I said, super black hair. he's like, wait a minute. I'm seeing a thing here. why is Joffrey blonde? incest. he tells Cersei about it, and she's like, honestly, why would you tell me? like, if you play the game of Thrones, you win or you die. so he goes to tell the king, but he doesn't because the King's been mortally wounded in a hunting accident, a hunting accident. so who's next in line besides Joffrey? well, the Kings have a younger brother of Renly Baratheon. this is the knight of the flowers, which is a pretty gay name. and they are, in fact, gay for each other. so he's like, yo, Ned. forget Joffrey. forget my older brother Stannis, that he has no one likes. make me King. but Ned won't hear it because he's super honorable. so it's like, look, Littlefinger, I'm gonna try put Stannis on the throne, but Cersei coupie have Joffrey. so I need the City Guard on my side, and you have the money. you got me. he's like, I got your back, bro. so he goes up here. why? Joffrey's on the throne. he's like, look, you're not the real King. Joffrey's like, Mirror. I'm gonna do just go off with their heads. he's like, okay. guards like, take him into custody here. they're like, we got you. and then they're like, psych Ned Stark, who killing your own guards? he's like, wait, what happened? haha. I've been in love with your wife all along. you shouldn't have trusted me. so Rob gets a note of this. he's like, oh, my dad's for treason. call the banners. the north goes to war. so they march down. they run into his mom, by the way, who I guess was like nearby on the roads. and they have to cross this river if they're gonna go her. old man Frey lives now. he's a big, pervy guy. he's got a 15 year old wife slapped on the body. he's like, look, I'll let you cross, but you got to marry one of my daughters. by the way, they're all ugly, Rob. I'm sorry. you get to deal with that a future season though. so this is the Lannister war camp, where we meet big, bad daddy Tywin. Lannister. he's skinning a deer, and he's like, yo, Jaime. I you take one army that way. I'll take the other one this way. we'll beat Robb Stark, no problem. so Tyrians on his way home with Brom maramures, my mountain men. but he talked his way out of it cuz he's really funny and promises bold. and this guy's like, we shall follow the half man. so he brings him back to the Lannister camp, when he sais to get his dick wet. this is hot horse Shane. and Tyrion tells his tragic backstory of how he was in love once with a girl and they got married, but turns out she was just a [ __ ] that his brother Jaime paid and didn't tell him. and so his dad made the entire barracks have sex with her in front of him to teach him a lesson about [ __ ]. so it was pretty scarring for life. so he goes off to battle, and we're gonna have this awesome battle. we get us knocked out immediately and misses the whole thing. he's like, well, did we win at least? and his dad's like, well, yeah, we won. but there were only a few North in here, where was Rob's army. they went the other way. they ambushed Jaime's army and took him prisoner up at the wall with the Nights Watch. John is graduating from where black school. he's made one friend with this fat guy, Sam. so they've got this sort of like Frodo Sam thing going on. they take their oath in front of a tree, because they love trees in the north. and the commanders like, by the way, Rob, your dad's in prison for treason, and your brothers marching to war. so he goes down to save them, but they're like, look to your brother of the Nights Watch. now, you got to stay up here and defend the realm from what? well, as Uncle Benjen was ranging and his horse comes back without him, it's like, where's Uncle Benjen? what's going on out there? so they go searching. they find the other Rangers, dead bodies, and they come back to life, as I saw bees. so luckily, play Pokemon. they use fire, superfecta against ice and zombie. so he winced. as a quest reward, he gets the super magic sword called Longclaw. and it's a bastard sword, which is good because he's a bastard. so Khaleesi over here is on the warpath with Khal Drogo. they're raping everyone. she's like, look, make him stop raping. so he forces them to stop. and this guy's like, yo, your [ __ ] made me stop raping. Khal Drogo's like, you did challenge me. I will rip out your tongue with my bare hands. and he's like, well, don't worry about this, tis, but a scratch. and this chicks like, look, you saved me, and I'm a healer, so I'll, I'll help you, but it doesn't matter because you like, passes out off as poor. so he's got blood poisoning. well, there's one thing I can do to save him, but it's this super sketchy blood magic ritual. and they're like, well, if it'll save him, let's try it. but Khaleesi goes into labor and she's like, oh my god, delivered the baby, but it's blood magic. it's stillborn. I lost the baby at least called Troma's Kano. he's a vegetable. I did this on purpose. Kelis is really unhappy, so she decides the pillow recall, because this is no fit life for a call. arya they come for her when they capture Ned Stark, but her masters got a wooden sword. he beats all these guys, does that much about us, but this guy will probably actually kill him. sorry. he runs away, and she goes to the trial of her dad, where they're like, okay, look, we'll let you off with just banishment if you admit and confess your treason and that Joffrey's the true king, because we just want to end the war. and then would never do that because he's so poor honorable. but he decides the same, his family's life. so the confessions like, yeah, Joffrey's Jeffery's like, you know, i'm a douche off with his head anyway, no, Ned Stark, that's the big moment. so they get word of this up in the north, and they're like, okay, both of the old king's brothers, Stannis and Renly, are vying for the throne. which one should we, you know, claim for? and they're like, no King in the north. and it's like, yeah, rap star. I'll be king of north. so it's very cool for the north talans like, look, we've got to control this. Joffrey kiddin could have ended the war if he wasn't such a douche. they made me head to the king. but I'm gonna send you Tyrion to go manage him, because, you know you can. by the way, when you go, don't bring your [ __ ], because I have some sort of issue with horse. but it's like, you know, whatever, dad, I'm gonna bring my horse. Sansa, by the way, still engaged to Joffrey. she's sort of like the hostage here, and, you know, he's awful to her, so sucks for her. Arya meets this guy who's like a friend of the family with the Nights Watch. she cuts off her hair though. Scotsman's a boy. I'll take her up north with him. this is Gendry, the old kings bastard. he's coming with them for some reason. now, up at the wall, the Nights Watch is like, okay, it's Ami's existing. better take all of our torches and go down. so that's Jon Snow's plan. now, they're gonna burn Khal Drogo. they put the dragon eggs on the pyre. see, Targaryen have this whole thing with fire and Dragons. so she walks right into the flames because she's crazy. but she's right. actually, she doesn't burn, and the dragon eggs hatch, so now she's naked, she's got dragons. it's like, whoa, mind blown. and that's how season 1 comes to an end. [Music], 