on october 26 1985, dr emmett brown arrives in the delorean time machine and persuades y macfly and his girlfriend, jennifer parker, to travel to the future with him and help their future children. with bif tannen witnessing their departure. they arrive on october 21st, 2015, where doc electronically incapacitates jennifer and leaves her asleep in an alley, explaining that she should not have too much knowledge of future events. he has wipos as his own son and luka likewise jr, to refuse an offer to participate in a robbery with biff's grandson, griff, thus saving y junior from prison. y switches places with y junior and refuses griff's offer, but griff goes wide into a fight, and a subsequent hoverboard chase ensues. griff and his gang are arrested, saving wise future children. before rejoining doc, y purchases an almanac containing the results of major sporting events from 1950 to 2000. doc discovers it and warns why about profiting from time travel. before doc can adequately dispose of it, they are interrupted by the police, who have found jennifer incapacitated and are taking her to her 2015 home. they pursue, as does the elderly biff, who has overheard their conversation and retrieved the discarded almanac. jennifer wakes up in her 2015 home and hides from the mcfly family. she overhears that her future self's life with y is not what she expected due to his involvement in an automobile accident. she witnesses why being goaded by his co-worker, douglas needles, into a shady business deal, resulting in wise firing. jennifer tries to escape the house, but faints after she encounters her 2015 self. while y and doc attend to her, biff steals the time machine to give the almanac to his younger self, then returns to 2015. why doc and an unconscious jennifer return to 1985? unaware of biff's actions, they leave jennifer on her own front porch. the 1985 they returned to has changed dramatically, with biff now one of the wealthiest and most corrupt men in the country. he has turned hill valley into a chaotic dystopia. secretly killed wise father george in 1973 and forced wise mother lorraine, to marry him. doc has also been committed to a mental hospital. doc deduces that the 2015 biff took the time machine to give his younger self the almanac. and y learns from the alternate 1985 biff that he received it on november 12, 1955. biff tries to kill y, but y flees and travels to 1955 with document. y secretly follows the 1955 biff and watches him receive the almanac from his 2015 self. why then follows him to the high school dance, being careful to avoid interrupting the events from his previous visit. after several fruitless attempts, y finally gets the almanac, leaving biff to crash into a manure truck. y burns the almanac, nullifying the changes to the timeline that it had caused. as dock hovers above in the time machine, before y can join him, the delorean is struck by lightning and disappears. a western union courier arrives immediately after and delivers a 70-year-old letter to y. it is from doc, who explains that the lightning strike transported him back to 1885. y races back into town to find the 1955 dock who had just helped y to return to 1985. shocked by wise sudden reappearance, doc faints 