Story Recapped here. Today, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to show an animated, adventure, and family film called, \xe2\x80\x9cJames and the Giant Peach.\xe2\x80\x9d Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. James Henry Trotter is a kind and optimistic little boy living near the English seaside with his loving parents. On his seventh birthday, James\xe2\x80\x99s family celebrates by having a picnic at the beach. As they gaze upon the clouds, his father hands him a travel book and tells him about the tallest building in the world, the Empire State Building. It\xe2\x80\x99s located in a land across the Atlantic Ocean, in a city where all dreams come true, New York City, and that\xe2\x80\x99s where all three of them will be going one day. But James\xe2\x80\x99s dreams are cut short when one day, an angry rhinoceros appears out of nowhere and eats his father and mother. As sad as James was, his troubles were just beginning. Now an orphan, James is sent to his two ugly, horrible, wicked, and self-absorbed aunts, Aunt Sponge and Aunt Spiker. His aunts have a rundown house on a hill where nothing ever grew. In its tiny and dusty attic, James slept. Aunt Sponge is an enormous lady with a protruding nose and horrible toes while Aunt Spiker is a tall, bony, woman whose cheeks cut like a knife. The two terrible aunts wake James up at the crack of dawn ordering him to chop the wood, pull the weeds, and do all the chores around the house. Left with no other choice, James sets upon his tasks for the day while Aunt Sponge and Aunt Spiker sunbathe in their ghastly sundresses at the front lawn, too busy admiring themselves in their handheld mirrors. Suddenly, the silence of chopping woods catches their attention. Aunt Sponge finds James sitting with his travel book and reprimands him. Aunt Spiker snatches the book out of his hand, accusing him of leaving, and hands it to her sister. The aunts scold him, telling him that he has no other place to go, and threatens by saying that if he leaves, the rhino will come and eat him, just like what it did to his parents. Aunt Sponge tears up his travel book and they order him to stop daydreaming and get back to work. Later that evening, James is finally done with his chores and climbs up the house to see his two aunts finish all that\xe2\x80\x99s left of dinner. Aunt Spiker teases him and tells him that there\xe2\x80\x99s something in the oven, but to James\xe2\x80\x99s dismay, it\xe2\x80\x99s only a plate of two raw fish heads. He grabs a piece of leftover food from the trash as he\xe2\x80\x99s ordered to go back to his room. James eats the few potato chips left in the trash bag and spots a spider on his window. He lets it down and tells it to hide away from his aunts. After his tiny dinner, he takes out his crayons and draws on the trash bag, missing his parents and dreaming of the day he sees the city of dreams. He folds the bag into a lantern and uses the last candlestick from his last birthday to light it up. He releases the lantern into the night sky, setting it free together with his dreams. James wakes up to Aunt Spiker screaming early in the morning. She has found his friend, the spider. He takes the spider into his hands and runs into Aunt Sponge in the doorway with the bug spray. They tumble down the stairs. Aunt Spiker comes down running and hits her sister on the face with the bug swatter. With his two aunts distracted, James runs outside and sets the spider free. When he looks up, an old man in a decorated uniform appears in front of him and seems to know his name. The old man tells James that the answer to all his problems is inside a little bag and hands him the lantern that he flew last night. James peeks into the bag and sees thousands of glowing green worms. The old man tells him that they are crocodile tongues that hold more magic than anything else in the world. He can use the crocodile tongues to get to the place that he\xe2\x80\x99s ever dreamed of, New York City. James accepts the crocodile tongues but the old man warns him, telling him that he shouldn\xe2\x80\x99t let the tongues get away, for if they do, they will work their magic on whoever or whatever they meet first. James nods his head and all of a sudden, a strong gust of wind blows and the old man disappears. As James runs back up to the house, he trips, letting loose the thousand crocodile tongues upon the old tree that stood on the lawn. He desperately tries to catch them, but it\xe2\x80\x99s too late. Aunt Sponge and Aunt Spiker have caught up to him and scolds him yet again. Aunt Spiker tells her sister to beat him, but being too lazy, Aunt Sponge says it\xe2\x80\x99s too early in the morning for a beating. As they drag James back to the house, Aunt Sponge spots a single peach on the old tree. Aunt Spiker looks up shocked to see anything other than a dead leaf on their property. As Aunt Sponge pushes James up the tree to get the fruit, Aunt Spiker stops them, exclaiming that the peach is growing. Puzzled at the absurd situation, the trio stand back as the peach quickly grows in size, eventually outweighing the tree itself and resting its bottom on their lawn. The peach has grown almost as big as the house itself! Suddenly, Aunt Sponge and Aunt Spiker come up with a money-making scheme. They build an enclosure around the peach and advertise it as the greatest peach in the world, charging a hefty fee for anyone who wants to see it. James watches the spectacle from his window in his tiny attic room, a tear rolling down his eye, as his only wish was to play with the children outside. Later that night, his aunts call him downstairs as they\xe2\x80\x99re counting the money and order him to pick up the garbage outside. Among the trash on the ground, James finds his lantern and inside a single crocodile tongue. It hops its way down and hides under the peach. His stomach growling with hunger, James takes a bite out of the peach. Unbeknownst to him, the crocodile tongue jumps into his peach and he accidentally eats it. Suddenly, a hole emerges from where he got the piece of fruit, and with it, a light beckoning him to come inside. James, curious as ever, goes inside the peach and travels through the tunnel. As he reaches the end of the tunnel, he hears several voices and falls through a hole. He lands in a room full of human-sized anthropomorphic insects. The kind-hearted Mrs. Ladybug, the old Mr. Grasshopper, the strong-willed Mr. Centipede, the blind Mr. Earthworm, the mysterious Ms. Spider, and the deaf Glowworm. James learns that the insects have lived on the hill for decades and are planning to escape the clutches of Sponge and Spiker. He tells the group that he\xe2\x80\x99s scared of leaving because the rhino might eat him, but Mr. Grasshopper assures him that he has never seen a single rhino on that miserable hill. The insects share with James their dream life and he realizes they all have the same goal, to go out to the city where all dreams come true. Their jolly gathering is interrupted when Aunt Sponge and Aunt Spiker call out for James. Mr. Centipede climbs outside the peach and starts sawing the peach\xe2\x80\x99s branch with his sharp claws. The peach finally breaks loose from the tree, crushing Aunt Sponge and Aunt Spiker who have taken refuge in their car. Much to the aunts\xe2\x80\x99 dismay, the giant peach rolls down the hill, making its way through the town, and then bouncing off the local church. It flies into the air, rolling down and down into the farmlands until it reaches the end of the cliff and falls down into the ocean. After the bugs regain their composure, they go outside the peach to inspect their situation. They find themselves floating in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. The bugs wonder about what they\xe2\x80\x99re going to do now when James reaches into his coat pocket and finds his travel book intact! He opens it up and sees the peach on the map, already on its way to New York City. The group decides to head for the city of dreams and tries to come up with a way to travel. Just then, James comes up with an idea. They\xe2\x80\x99re going to catch and use the seagulls to fly their peach all the way to New York. Using a reluctant Mr. Earthworm as bait, James manages to catch one seagull and tie it up with Ms. Spider\xe2\x80\x99s thread. Before they can catch the other birds, they hear a deep rumbling coming from the ocean. All of a sudden, a great mechanical shark emerges from the water. The shark sets its eyes on the peach and is coming for them. James asks for Ms. Spider\xe2\x80\x99s net as Mr. Centipede wiggles Mr. Earthworm to get the seagulls\xe2\x80\x99 attention. As the birds dive forward, James traps them with the net and they tie the rest of the threads unto the birds. They set the seagulls loose and the force lifts the peach up into the air. But they\xe2\x80\x99re not free from the shark yet. The shark launches an arrow and drags the peach towards it. It shoots several torpedo sharks, cutting loose a few of their birds. James hops on to Mr. Grasshopper and they catch the birds before they can escape while Mrs. Ladybug knocks out the rest of the torpedo sharks. Ms. Spider hammers out the arrow, saving Mr. Centipede, and sending the arrow back to the mechanical shark. Its own arrow ties itself around the shark, sending it to overdrive and causing it to explode. The bugs celebrate on top of the peach and thank James for his brilliant idea. They set their course and head for New York. As they travel, James reassures an insecure Mr. Earthworm. He tells the worm that if he finds himself in a bad situation, he remembers what his parents used to tell him, to look at them another way, in a more positive light. The peach flies high above the clouds and their journey is long and tiring. Soon enough, the bugs grow hungry, especially Mr. Centipede who starts hallucinating food. After fighting with Mr. Grasshopper over a crumb of soda bread, James insists that they don\xe2\x80\x99t need to fight for food. Their whole ship is a piece of food! It\xe2\x80\x99s a giant peach after all. They have enough food for five voyages. The crew feasts on their newfound meal and end up with full stomachs. Later that night, Ms. Spider tucks James into a woven nest. He learns that Ms. Spider was the spider on his window that he saved from his two terrible aunts. She reassures the little boy, removing his doubts and fears, and soon enough, James drifts off to sleep. He dreams of himself as a caterpillar with his two wicked aunts in their rickety car hunting him down with a bug spray that turns into a large and terrifying rhino. When James wakes up, his face is covered in snowflakes. He goes on top of the peach and finds the crew lost in the middle of a frozen ocean with shipwrecks. He sees Mr. Centipede and Mr. Grasshopper fighting each other. Mr. Grasshopper accuses the centipede of getting them lost. The bugs confront the centipede, saying that if he had indeed traveled the world, then why did they end up getting lost. Mr. Centipede caves in and admit that he never traveled the world, but he did spend most of his time between the pages of a National Geographic magazine. Mr. Grasshopper kicks him in the face out of anger and tells the crew that they need a compass if they want to get out of this frozen place. James asks if there\xe2\x80\x99s a compass onboard one of the ships. Mr. Grasshopper says that there probably is, but only a fool would venture out into the icy waters. Mr. Centipede hears this and hoping for redemption, jumps into the freezing sea. James and Ms. Spider follow to save him. They dive into the deep waters and find themselves among a pirate\xe2\x80\x99s treasure trove. Meanwhile, Mr. Centipede spots a compass in the hands of a pirate captain. He takes the compass, but all of a sudden, the skeletons come alive. James and Ms. Spider reach the ship and see the skeletons torturing the centipede. Before they could cut the bug in half, James intervenes and kicks the pirate. Ms. Spider joins in and kicks the rest of the pirates. A game of catch for the compass ensues, with each side snatching the prize from one another. Free from his ropes, Mr. Centipede catches the compass and hands it to James and Ms. Spider. The bugs on the peach pull on the thread, pulling James and Ms. Spider to safety. Mr. Centipede jumps off to fight the rest of the pirates. When they resurface, Ms. Spider jumps back into the water. Just then, the centipede\xe2\x80\x99s hat floats up. Fearing the worst, Ms. Spider stands back in horror as the pirate captain surfaces, but it turns out, it\xe2\x80\x99s Mr. Centipede, alive and well wearing the pirate\xe2\x80\x99s hat! The bugs welcome back their friend, now having redeemed himself. With their compass, they set sail for the big city. In the evening, Mr. Grasshopper relieves Mr. Centipede of his steering duty. James looks at his map, seeing that they\xe2\x80\x99re almost at their dream destination when he hears the sound of a violin. He joins Mr. Grasshopper as the insect plays some songs for him. He reminds the little boy to brighten up because if it weren\xe2\x80\x99t for him, they wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t have gotten very far. He doesn\xe2\x80\x99t need to feel lonely because they are his new family now. Just then, they hear a foghorn blowing from below. They look down and see the clouds part, revealing the shining city of New York and Lady Liberty. Their celebration is cut short by a strong gust of wind that blows off their compass, setting them off course. The nearby clouds have now turned into a storm in the form of a rhino. Thunder booms, lightning crackles, as the rhino marches towards them. The bugs climb into the rigging but James chooses to face the beast. He remembers what his parents used to tell him. Look at it another way. He screams at the rhino, telling the beast that he\xe2\x80\x99s not afraid of it. He bravely faces the rhino as the lightning strikes the peach, cutting the rigging, and sending the peach down from the skies. James wakes up and coughs out the crocodile tongue that he ate. He finds himself transformed into his human self and alone inside the peach. He climbs out of the fruit and sees the shining city of New York below him. He looks for the Empire State Building, unaware that he\xe2\x80\x99s actually sitting right on top of it. Down on the streets, juices coming from the peach disrupt the citizens. A child calls out from the balcony, telling an officer that there\xe2\x80\x99s a boy out there. The officer calls the station and asks for the biggest crane in the city. The crane arrives and begins to lift off the peach. One of the crane workers tells James that he\xe2\x80\x99s sitting on top of the Empire State Building. James celebrates but feels sad that his family isn\xe2\x80\x99t with him. By the time the peach is on the streets, a large crowd of homeowners and journalists have gathered. Suddenly, the crowds part to reveal a wet and smashed-up car. From the car emerges his two wicked aunts. Aunt Sponge and Aunt Spiker are wet, having crossed the Atlantic in their beat-up car. They walk towards James, pretending to be caring relatives. They hand the officer a photograph, confirming that they\xe2\x80\x99re the original peach owners, and try to whisk the boy away. James insists that he\xe2\x80\x99s the original owner of the peach and not them. The aunts resist the urge to gauge his eyes out and lie to the officer, telling him that James is a chronic liar. Enraged, James stands on top of the truck and begins telling the crowd his story. How they attached it to a hundred seagulls and how they few it over the ocean. His aunts laugh at his story, suggesting that it\xe2\x80\x99s something he dreamed up. James stands by on his story, saying that all things started out as dreams, but he\xe2\x80\x99s here and he\xe2\x80\x99s made it. The wicked aunts still insist on bringing him back, but the boy stands his ground. He screams at his aunts telling him that he\xe2\x80\x99s not going with them to be beaten and starved. The crowd gasps in horror at the revelations. His aunts\xe2\x80\x99 patience has run thin as they grab an ax and begin smashing the truck. Just then, a light falls down from the sky, James\xe2\x80\x99s bug family has arrived! They land on top of the peach, ready to help their little friend. Ms. Spider throws James a string and he uses it to round up his two aunts. They pull them up in the air and spin the web around them, muffling their mouths of their screams. The officer watches in awe as he realizes that James was telling the truth all along. James climbs up the peach and introduces the crowd to his family. He then gives the peach for the crowds to feast on. The people eat the peach right down to the pit. When it was done, they set up the pit in Central Park, where James Henry Trotter lived with his family, telling his adventures to all his friends and anyone willing to hear. 