before it began. let me stop by saying this movie raises some very important questions. what else it was a baby? did she cry snowflakes? and in a rural daddy, did you poo-poo fudgesicles? the stars of our movie today? ah, everyone that was in the first movie, plus some forest folks. - Prince putz play. our story begins with, okay, I have a few observations and questions about these children in their play time events. why does honor? I have mr. fancy Prince and Miss sno-cones making out? was she just a little child? and what happens when names note or piles melt and the water leaked down to the lower levels of the castle? aren't they worried about the hired help slipping and falling and filing for workers comp? if you'll keep in school, it's Elsa one, janitors 0. and L secretes the main character from big hero six, Barney Dumbo, a demonic Olaf while she chokes a giraffe from The Lion King um. ah ha ha. you're gonna keep see, Baba. hey. so what I'm trying to say is, King Agnes, or whatever his name is, it don't matter the story about him. he comes in and tells him some story to seem like it gonna be all light and happy, but it ends up being about some big brutal battle. and did his peppy went flying off a cliff with the other guy, but he don't even mention him. and you think your in-laws don't get along, and then Elsa's daddy become king of Rivendell, or whatever the name of the damn kingdom is. not that matters, because the spirits of the forest are angry, and they're better, oh, well, they asked a lady quickly. and I don't know why doesn't keep instilling in children the idea that we may parents die, they get to go on an adventure where, really, they get to go to an orphanage. and that, little children, is How I Met Your Mother. and our relationship has endured because all our parents deceased. ok? he didn't tell them that, pop, but be honest, you know your relationships we going better if your partner's parents just up and deceased. I hope I have provided you with a happy image of your in-laws flying off a cliff. then she tells them about a river that knows all the secrets of the past and then sings them a song. and see, this is what people think is like to cuddle with your mama, but all I recall is mama with her arm around my damn neck, falling asleep while we watch the movie, and me having to piss, and me not moving because I didn't want to wake the woman up. that's my lullaby, sitting there in the rocking chair under Mama's arm, having to piss. fast forward to a few years after the frozen one, where else is hearing voices. Olaf is still annoying, and Christoph is so desperate he's contemplating marriage to his pet. and then Elsa his voices again and busts up the family time because she's a drama queen. so basically else are doing Elsa things. and then else that gives voices again and sings a good song to sound like in an ER. now, now probably a good time to tell y'all what I did at which Disney character are you quiz? I got Olaf. wouldn't you know? a heart dams chr\xc3\xa9tien done. woke up the spirits, and they do exactly what I said they would do, which is nation up. so all the arendelle's flee the scene of the crime. and I was like, what a bit and I was like, we'll see. yeah, I've been hearing some creepy voice singing to me from the beyond. so I sang back, Hey. turns out my songs annoy parents and the faux spirits of the enchanted forest. and I was like, what? in essence, like the false version of the enchanted forest. hey, Ron says, you were hearing voices. how has the family string failed you? so tell it to your [ __ ]. then the Papa, Yoda, Smurf, Grand Poobah, be enlightened trolls, rolls up with his posse. and what is he saying? what does he say? he says a lot of damn words, and gets a visual of the dam dam. but how does he know that the past is not what it seems when he shows the dam dam, unless he knows somebody got to break the dam dam. and if that don't make no sense to you, I don't give a damn damn. and I appreciate it, Olaf, and I don't mind it too much for the first hundred miles. but Olaf, you've been talking for a thousand miles. then else is like, [ __ ] shut it. didn't they get to the forest and they see somebody been cutting muffins, fluffing air biscuits, busting Grumpy's, cranking stinkers, getting Gone with the Wind. oh, you that special bit. welcome. didn't they go into there now? let's roll out the red leaf copy and seed. there it is, the dam. dam. then the wind spirit is like, another this dam. sightseeing. does this look like good Disneyland? and this is like, joke muslin, my discount. didn't they see some memory foam statues of the past and recognize their daddy, but not their mama, which don't make no damn sense to me, but does it make believe? then a very contentious family reunion. and if you're Elsa, you may just go sliding on the axes. it's what you do. and Elsa tames the fire spirit. look at it, really cute. then they find out their mothers say, dead daddy, and she was Queen Adina a nooner adele dazeem, queen adele dazeem. then else is like, i'm gonna make this right. and i was like, that's a pretty big promise. Elsa, yeah, it's always the ones can't do. try to bring your bow else down. dump. can't do bit. and then they have a little campout where Elsa finds out there's a fifth spirit. and, oh my god, who the hell cares? I've ever India's adult. and then some rocks fear, show up who look just like your country memo, big round lines, and they skin from smoking too many cigs, shaking the ground when they won't. I don't think some man abandoned her for no reason, even though he's never done anything like that before, because Ana's a neurotic egghead. it's best to quit. Christoph Singh's an anachronistic Diddy with a great melody and weak lyrics. Elsa, non-affine their Mama and Daddy ship. and I'm just wondering how they knew their Mama and Daddy died when ain't nobody found a damn ship, no survivors? then where the stories come from? I wonder. ain't nobody ever seen castaway? I bet you day. mama and daddy off somewhere, growing big beers, knocking out the rotten molars with one else's ice skates, talking to some dumbass volleyball with too much yelling his wig. Hey, okay, dish don't make sense to me. are you telling me Elsa is a waterbender? so as it turns out, Elsa's parents died trying to find out why they couldn't just have a normal child. then that's like, I need some me time. thanks, hon see, Elsa, what you need is one of them porta potti DOS. so when you go at the wave, you can yell, hold on, Wilson. Elsa attends our underwater rodeo. did. she builds a doll she rides on. and good things. she ain't gotta fit rose on that thing else that's, I'm just limo. Elsa learned she's the fifth spirit. Elsa learns the voice the Doudna Adina. Hakuna Matata tomorrow. and Pumbaa, hey. Elsa finds out how grandpappy was a she she do he really was. and then else's hand goes, and then Olaf goes. and while all this things are sad, song about how she got to get rid of the damn, damn, let me just ask y'all, what is with these stories about special, magical children produced as a result of their mother's selfless acts of love, first of all, - Harry Potter. second, my mama made plenty of sacrifices, and I can't do. the only magic I can perform is needing to 1 hour and 43 minutes runtime in this movie to make a box of pop tops disappear. then I don't waste the earth. troll Monster thing is up, and damn morning breath Mustaine something rancid. and they puts down the dam dam and the spirits thought else it's Frigidaire, Frigidaire, frigidaria. and she rides in on her Jesus Olson duper key duty, and they can all see the sky, and they like 525,600 minutes. and also rides in on that Seabiscuit again. and it's like, I fell through ice and water until it last I threw down my enemy and smote his ruin upon the mountainside. I am Gandalf the White and then Christoph says something sexist. and then else is like, you want a better snowman there, crystal proposes to honor, and his damn rain dog cries. then olive becomes the Queen. and then Christoph shaves his head, and he and I are going to start their new hit Broadway musical, the Queen and I been honest, says Elsa, an invitation to more family time and hopes Elsa won't go mental and hear voices again. and this is like, I'm king of the world then and then born back dance, known for it, back at my alone. no, blah, blah, blabbity blah. I'll be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular hash tag, meth Friday. and thank you to these fine folks who contribute 10 dollars or more each month to keep this channel alive. Kelly is Tina D car OS, Brian P day, Oh Anna M, Donna G, mie, Melanie M and Adrienne P. some things never change, like I don't my patrons are. while I'm on the topic, I need help. please consider our contribution towards my monthly goal. visit me at patreon.com. slash movies explained for to help a bit out. for more is explained for. i'm jim, a donor a dive 