welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and with the first episode of crisis on Infinite Earths dropping last night, it's time to dive into the CW and break down everything that you need to know about that DC crossover. in this video, we're discussing everything about Supergirl, Season 5, episode 9, and all of the major moments in the first part of the mega event. there's a huge death, some nice little Easter eggs and a lot of teasers for what could be coming in the future. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the episode yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of crisis on Infinite Earths, episode 1. in the beginning, there was only one, a single infinitude that broke the darkness, filling it with life. there was some good shows, some bad. well, oh man, I can't do this as well as in a writer. basically, this introduction of crisis tells us that every existence has been multiplied by possibilities across the multiverse in all realities. this is the multiverse that led to the Age of Heroes, which we see play out in an amazing montage that shows the arrow bears characters doing that thing, whilst the crisis slowly begins to invade their dimensions. it's an awesome way to kickstart the crossover, and I love rewatching some of the major moments from across the series that reminded us of just how important it was to save them all. it's breathtaking watching the red sky spread across all universes and timelines throughout pretty much every single version of DC's long and rich history on screen. you can see a callback to the 1989 Tim Burton Batman universe, which has an appearance by Alexander Knox, who was a reporter in the original film. the 1960s. Adam West and Burt Ward version features a cameo by the latter. and even DC universes, Titans one. unfortunately, all of these timelines and universes are plagued by the incoming destruction, and it's unclear whether these realities will survive the red wash of death. now though these are seemingly destroyed, we do know at the very least that Titans will be returning for a third season. so to me, it's highly unlikely that this destruction ripped them apart. but only too much into how this will be changed in retconned, as details are extremely scarce at the moment. but yeah, don't cancel e subscription to DC Universe just yet. though it was very sad seeing some of the best versions of Batman potentially destroyed, we haven't got time to mourn them. and we flash over to Supergirl on earth 38, whose planet is being ravaged by earthquakes that are ripping across the entire world. this is tracked to a huge force coming from space that is going to hit the extra-terrestrial Argo city and mess at the happy light that Clark and Lois have created there with their son, Jonathan. Cora's mother, Allura, also lives there, and she manages to a lower the Kent's to an escape pod, which they used to send baby Jonathan to earth before disaster strikes. this is, of course, eerily similar circumstances to the destruction of Krypton, and it's kind of heartbreaking seeing Supergirl watch history repeating itself. we then travel to earth 1 and rejoin Oliver back on the island, reminding us, the audience and his daughter, how much he lost over the heirs and how the island turned him into someone else. though this is a Supergirl episode, there is heavy focus given to Oliver and his relationship with his child, Maya. I bet Disney are fuming that the CW got in there with the whole Hawkeye in his door a story before they did. but yeah, this kind of sets the tone for the finale of this entry, which I'll give my theories on in just a bit. Crysis really needed to open with way to let us know that there would be consequences. they really hammer home just how important it is to stop the incoming threat. they pulled together all of the stops for this. and yeah, with this introduction, I really got into it. Lila is now the Harbinger, and she begins gathering various heroes together to unite them to save the multiverse. amongst the ranks of the likes of Oliver, Queen, Barry Allen, Ray Palmer, Batwoman, Sara Lance and Clark and Lois, who she saved on a 38. CW really had to break out the checkbook. I mean Lyla really had to break out all of the contacts that she has at her disposal, and she transports them all to earth 38 to stop the incoming threat. at the request of the monetary they have all been collected for a mission of the utmost importance in National City is a quantum Tower, which is capable of stopping the crisis. we also learn that during the explosion that tore across the multiverse, Jonathan actually was transported to earth 16, namely the air 21 46, which Sara, brainy and Louis go to. on the earth we actually discovered that Oliver found Jonathan, and that this version of the character has lived a vastly different life to the one that we know on earth one. on this earth, Sara was lost on the gambit. and it is kind of interesting seeing another version of the character and the life that he could have had. you just can't comprehend that sara is alive out there on another universe. and the betrayal is really sad, filled with guilt and regret. now I do kind of wish that we got more focus on our Oliver from earth one, but this is a nice little emotional beat that also highlights how the character and actor could come back in an episode down the line, though, the plot is seemingly portrayed as the thing that we're all here for, though deep down we know the series is more about wish fulfillment, and which we learn what happened to some of the characters from other series that we loved, and also what could have been had things taken a different turn. it's quite fascinating. and though the CW ish aesthetic does get in the way slightly of the fanservice that were here for, at least for a first episode, I was really happy with how events were unfolding, except for bat woman. yeah, she sucks. I'm sorry. but, yeah, this is the first time I've ever seen her, and I just wasn't impressed. they kind of cut around her fight scenes because she doesn't really seem like she can do them. and they also make a queen of the SJW crowd, I'm not on the whole get won't go broke crowd, but I can kind of see why they call her bat welcome in now. cuz, yeah, just please let her act like a normal person, please. anyway, I'm getting bogged down here in personal opinion, when you probably just want to know about the events of the show. so Louis, brainy and Sarah bring the baby home, and John calls out to all aliens on earth to ask for a literal lifeline and means of evacuation in case a tower defense game that they're all playing fails. it's also lip service paid to the fact that they're going to be bringing characters through the multiverse to safety and seeing if it's possible. this was actually a big aesthetic of Earth 2 and the futures and storyline and DC Comics in which masses of people were displaced onto another earth and they had to learn to coexist. that's not the main story in that arc, but there's lip service paid to it, and I was happy seeing nods to it. year, before the heroes go to defend the tower, Korra and Cal talk about the hope that they have to save the multiverse. it's nice seeing the two who are pretty much symbols of hope themselves, reminding each other of all the good that there is in the universe and how it's worth fighting for, and that the spirit of Krypton will never die. Hawkeye, I mean, Oliver passes the mantle to his daughter. and this is also a real heart-to-heart moment that definitely feels like the right time to do it, especially with how the episode concludes. we also learn from buried that he is going to die during the crisis, as was preordained. the newspaper that said Barry would disappear has pretty much haunted the character his entire life, popping up more times in Tom Cavanagh has a different character, and the monitor confirmed that this is the way that things would be. all he surprised and angered by it. calls out to the monitor as it pretty much goes back on the deal that he made with the character in Elseworlds, that said both Cara and Barry would remain unharmed. the monitor sort of speaks in riddles, and yeah, you kind of get the feeling that he's only telling the people things that they need to hear in order to give them motivation to do what must be done. so the things that Barry said could indeed be untrue, but I don't want to bet on it just yet. however, I am now a lot more open-minded about the Flash's fate. the monitor does say that that deal was made for the last encounter, but this is something bigger and more dangerous than they've ever faced before. so yeah, the rules of promises and deals are all out the window. the monitor also says that he is purposely keeping secrets about the anti-monitor, as it will cause Olly to prepare for every possibility. the heroes approached the tower, and it looks exactly how it did in the original crisis on Infinite Earths, graphic novel and a it's a nice callback, which I appreciate. it. comparing the two, I think this episode does definitely capture the atmosphere and feel of the graphic novel quite well. even from the wave wiping out worlds and other elements of it at the tower, shadows ravage the group, and Oliver is mortally wounded in the skirmish as he refuses to leave the planet. whilst there are still people there that need to be a back you a hit, even with the backup of Supergirl, Superman and the flash, the people of the world have to enact an escape plan. and Oliver buys the aliens of the planet enough time to begin moving the population. whilst the portals between realities are held open, with the battle lost due to overwhelming numbers, the monitor appears and pulls the characters together, including Oliver, who, as we know, stayed knowing every moment was another life saved. the monitor tells the characters that Oliver wasn't supposed to die this way, but that is sacrificed save billions. the pariah appears, who, we learn, free the anti-monitor from its confinement. and because of this, he has been forced to watch the destruction of universes over and over. this follows the graphic novels storyline in which the character appeared just before the destruction of a world. and here his appearance signals the death of one of the biggest heroes of the Erebus, well, probably the biggest hero of the era verse, because it's named after him. anyway, Oliver dies. have to believe in that he saved Cara and Barry, but due to his sacrifice being so early, he may have doomed them to the fate that he tried to save them from. now, with the death of the character, I do kind of wish that they'd slowed down a bit for a moment, as I didn't feel the full impact of it due to them getting to it as quickly as possible. I've spoken to some people though, that did say they teared up for it. but for me, personally, it just kind of went over me a bit, especially as it was something that's being told would happen for a couple of months now. I was just expecting a bit more from all the hype. so yeah, let me know in the comments below whether you agree with me or disagree. however, I'm not actually 100% convinced that Olly is indeed dead. and personally, I think you will be returning as the spectre from the DC Universe. many people have inhabited the role of the character in death. I do think the underwhelming feel here was put in place because it isn't really the end for the Green Arrow. he is just changing into a new form that will allow him to possess new powers and potentially even defeat the anti-monitor. this is all just a fan theory at the moment, but for me, I can't see it happening, especially with the characters design and the way that these stories tend to go. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the crossover and what you want to see in the next couple of episodes. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our breakdown of the other big DC show currently on at the moment, Watchmen, which would be linked at the end. we go over everything you need to know about it and give our thoughts and what will happen in the future. if you want to come chat to me after the video that, make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey, or head over to my desk squad server, which we linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be, it's free to join, and we have an awesome community, so hope they see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3, part 2, some blu-ray, which contains Black Panther, infinity war and Game Captain Marvel them all. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video. make 'shy, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on crisis in the comments section below. but when it's gonna be chosen on the 15th of December, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. not see you next time. take care. peace. you 