[Music], welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna go back and take a look at the pinnacle of zom comes with the 2004 film, Shaun of the Dead. let's get to it. we opened on Shawn having a chat with his girlfriend Liz about his intrusive flatmate, Edie. he tries to convince Liz and her friends, Diana and David that it's a good guy, just misunderstood. can I get any a you comes drink? see, he's offering you buy drinks. we learned that Shawn is stuck in a rut, desiring to spend all of his time at the Winchester, his local pub, but liz is looking for some variety in her life. so Shawn tries to smooth things over by making a flaccid promise to get reservations to a restaurant the next night, and then he heads home. the next morning, Shawn gets ready for work, and we learned there's a tension at home as well as his other flatmate, Pete, has matured into a responsible adult right in front of their eyes, and doesn't appreciate Ed's lack of contribution to the household. they have a quick talk. ed conveys his understanding by ripping ass and Shawn heads out on his way to work. we see some subtle clues of an unfolding drama in the broader world, but stay tunneled in on Shawn's narrow perspective. at work, Shawn is visited by his stepdad, Phillip, who reminds him of the bimonthly visit with his mum coming out. he grabs some flowers in preparation and heads home, finding the bus rides somewhat more pestilent than normal. he runs across his ex Yvonne on the way home, and they catch up. when she inquires about Liz, he realizes that in juggling two to three responsibilities that day, he's completely forgotten to get a reservation. he tries, but is unable to secure a table, having missed the last available by a few minutes, which is a real kick in the bollocks. he breaks the sad news to Liz, but has a consolation prize all lined up, a visit to the Winchester, which she rejects outright. he tries to smooth things over, but finds David actively working against him, apparently wanting both Diane and Liz all to himself. and Liz officially breaks up with him. he goes to the Winchester to drown his sorrows, but the environment is a bit too sad, so they take the party home, where it's crashed by Pete, trying to get some sleep and feeling under the weather after being nibbled upon by a piss difference crackhead on his way home from work. in the light of the hard truths Pete lays on him, Shawn leaves a message for his future self, waking up and finding the determination to improve his life. first stop nibbles from the c-store along the way. there are ample indications of drastic environmental changes overnight, but Shawn is too focused on his objective to take notice. he's not home for long before they become distracted by a girl in the garden. she's presumed to drunk and mildly Randy. when she comes on too strong, Shawn gives her a firm shove with a butt clenching oops. as the result, their manslaughter charges quickly downgraded, though, when she slowly pulls herself back up. they run inside and find all the emergency numbers engaged in the news informs them the only way to remedy the situation is to remove the head or destroy the brain. and gets a bit of the old bloodlust, so they go out to test a few small, lightweight items. when these obviously fail, Shawn busts into the locks shed for some more serious implements of destruction. and when they put their shoulders into it, they find the skulls have a satisfying way of giving in like a couple of overripe casaba melons. back inside, Shawn tries to call Liz, but accidentally picks up a call from his mum and finds out Philips been bit. they develop a plan that involves picking up Barbra, killing Philip, getting Liz and holing up at the Winchester. whoever, things don't go to plan almost immediately. when they arrive and find Barbra and willing to leave, and Philip not yet turned, now forced to bring him along, they run out to find EADS seem to ensuring that they have to take the Jag. and they have to move quickly, because some zombies shamble in, and one of them peels a little flapjack off Philips neck. at Liz's he finds similar difficulty, first forced to climb up the facade, finding them equally unwilling to leave, and in greater numbers than the plan considered, he eventually convinces them, and as they pass through the courtyard, they managed to get their slaughter legs beneath them. they eventually crammed into the car and leaf along the way. Philip has a touching heart-to-heart with Sean about fatherhood before tagging out. but he's not dead for long. forcing them to ditch the car, they slowly walk along the back alleys, ignoring the new horrors that now represent daily life, eventually crossing paths with Devon and her band of merry survivalists. Devon is surprised by their plan, but maintains her British courtesy as they each continue on their briefly waylaid. when Barbra investigates what she believes to be an old friends house, and Sean has left mostly on his own to take care of it, they find the coast is far from clear, so Diane leads them through some acting warm-ups. as they work shop some ideas. they shamble across the expanse but kick it in, and Sean finds an inopportune time to gather up the courage to set ed straight, blowing their cover. so David breaks the window, and Sean leads the horde around the back so the others can get in. upon his return, they begin to realize they can't sit around in the dark with nibbles and pig snacks forever. when the street lights come on, they recognise their current situation as fuse related. so Sean goes to flip the breakers and discovers that he didn't do as good of a job slipping the hoard as he thought. when lights come back on, so does the jukebox, alerting the zombies outside to their presence. the barkeep also reveals himself, and they pummel him to the beat of a queen song, giving up a little power in exchange for her synchronicity. a risky venture, but they managed to kill two birds with one stone. then they used the power of teamwork to manage their one rifle in 29 shells. after a somewhat successful first round, they fortified their base as Sean and the others discovered Barbara was bit back in the garden. she didn't tell anyone until now, because she didn't wanna be a bother. David, acting as a proper [ __ ], sheds his pacifism and tries to make a pragmatic decision right in the middle of the emotional climax of their adventure. things fall apart quickly when David is rebuffed and finds himself so put off that he attempts to leave, venturing too close to the window and being feasted upon. Dianne, distraught beyond reason, grabs a ham hock and runs out to get her vengeance. Shaun pulls a bar trick straight out of cocktails, and it just barely makes it over before they head to the cellar. they decide to make a last stand, saying farewell to Ed and leaving him with the gun, then taking the loader to street level, right as the military rolls in to clean up, along with some renegade head smashing enthusiasts. six months later, we find society back to normal, aside from the now burgeoning zombie slave market. Liz and Sean are living happily together, and and is always available for casual gaming in the shed. and now is Shaun of the Dead, the absolute grandpappy of zombie comedies, if you enjoyed the video. I'd love for you become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 