[Music], happy deathday to you has arrived on our screens just in time for Valentine's Day. and similar to the first film, there's a lot to unpack from it. if you haven't watched my recap of the original, then make sure you go and check it out now, just to get you fully up to speed with the franchise, as there are some things that link together. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about happy deathday to you. so there will be heavy spoilers. this film is definitely worth keeping some surprises for. so if you don't want to know anything, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I watch it, so you don't have to. happy deathday to you. picks up with our protagonist from the first film, tree, who is just salt her own murder after discovering that it was her close friend Laurie at the end of the first film. whilst things seem like they're finally fixed, this all goes to hell when Ryan causes roommate, is killed by the baby-faced mascot from the first film. Ryan starts off his own time loop. however, unlike tree in the original she in car and know what he's going through, so they're able to help. they manage to apparently trap the killer that night, and finally unmask him to discover that underneath is, well, another Ryan. we discovered that Ryan has been working on a time machine, and that the future Ryan traveled back in time to stop him from ever turning it on, staying that doing so would have devastating consequences. unfortunately, it gets turned on, and everything goes black before tree is transported to the morning of her birthday, which is where the original film started off. confusing, right? well, things don't get any easier when tree goes to once again participate in the perfect day to break the loop, and she discovers that not everything is as it seems. Carter is dating Danielle, Laurie isn't trying to murder a tree, and trees mother is somehow alive. obviously, fans of the first film will know that this was a big plot point that had previously driven a wedge between her and her father. and it gets even crazier as things go on. tree obviously wants to live in a timeline mother exists, so she teams up with Ryan to stop the time loop and to help her remain in this universe. unfortunately, the time machine is broken, and fixing it is extremely complex. so through several suicides, tree tries to figure out which method will correctly allow it to be re-enabled. however, after a discussion with her mother, tree realizes that this ideal life may not be for her, and urges her to go back to make things work with Carter. just before Ryan is about to fix the machine, the Dean breaks in and stops the experiment. but the group managed to get it back and attempt to fix it, which gives them some downtime. in this tree goes to save Laurie, who, in this timeline has been killed by the college professor that they were both sleeping with in the first film. in this timeline, he turns out to be the big bad and after being convinced by his wife, who caught him and Laurie having an affair, has decided to kill her. fans of the first film will remember that he was kind of a jerk, so it's great to see him put back into the role of a villain for this film. anyway, after managing to stop him, a tree returns to the machine, and she's able to return home where everything is fixed. the film doesn't stop there, though. uncle' sets up a sequel when, some time later, the machine is used on Danielle with the same characters involved. it would be great to see how she learns to grow as a person in the same way they're treated in the first film. but whether this will actually happen is another thing, obviously. I'd love to hear your thoughts on happy death day to you. and if you saw the ending coming or not, make sure you leave your review of the film in the comments below. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it. and make sure you check out my recap on the first movie, which will be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 