Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2014 British-American science fiction psychological thriller film called 'Ex Machina'. The film is written and directed by Alex Garland. Ex Machina follows the story of a talented programmer who is asked by his CEO to give the Turing test to an intelligent humanoid robot. Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Caleb Smith, a programmer for the prominent search engine firm Blue Book, wins an office lottery for a one-week visit to the CEO's opulent, secluded house. Nathan lives alone in a contemporary home near a waterfall and rising hills, with the exception of a servant named Kyoko, who, according to Nathan, does not understand English. Nathan tells Caleb that he has created a female humanoid robot named Ava with artificial intelligence. Nathan, after asking Caleb whether he is familiar with the Turing test, informs Caleb that he wants him to decide if Ava is truly capable of thought and awareness despite the fact that she is manufactured. Furthermore, if Caleb forgets that Ava is not human during their daily sessions, the test will pass. Ava has a robotic body but human-like features such as her face, hands, and feet. She is imprisoned in her solitary chamber. Caleb is enthralled with Ava, but after attempting to discuss Ava's technological design with Nathan, Nathan requests that Caleb only tell him how he 'feels' about her. Caleb develops feelings for Ava during their conversations. She appears to share similar emotions and shows a desire to explore the outside world. Ava informs him that she can cause power shortages that momentarily disable the monitoring system used by Nathan to monitor their conversations, allowing them to converse discreetly. When the power goes out, the building's security system locks all the doors. Ava informs Caleb during one of the outages that Nathan is a liar who cannot be trusted. Caleb is increasingly suspicious of Nathan's drinking, narcissism, and sexual behaviour with Kyoko and Ava as the vacation develops. He discovers Nathan's plan to improve Ava by erasing her memories, including encounters with Caleb, and so 'killing' her existing personality. Caleb takes Nathan's security card after pushing him to drink until he passes out in order to get access to his room and computer. Caleb sees frightening film of Nathan interacting with earlier android models after modifying part of Nathan's programming, and realises that Kyoko is also an android. Caleb returns to his room, anxious that he may be an android, and slashes his arm open with his razor to check his skin, proving that he is human. Ava turns off the electricity at their next meeting. Caleb discloses Nathan's plans for her, and Ava begs Caleb for assistance. They devise a plan: Caleb will get Nathan drunk again and reconfigure the security system to unlock the doors instead of locking them during a power outage. Caleb and Ava will leave together after Ava turns off the electricity. When Nathan declines to have a drink with Caleb, his strategy is compromised. Nathan tells Caleb that he used a battery-powered camera to record Caleb and Ava's last private chat, as well as Caleb cutting himself. He claims Ava has just pretended to like Caleb in order for him to assist her in escaping. This, he claims, has been the actual test all along, and by skillfully manipulating Caleb, Ava has proven genuine intellect. Ava then turns off the electricity. Caleb says that he believed Nathan was spying on them and had changed the security system the day before when Nathan was unconscious, deactivating the closed door on Ava's cell. Nathan knocks Caleb unconscious and goes to intercept Ava after watching her flee her imprisonment on the surveillance camera. Ava stabs Nathan with the assistance of Kyoko, but in the process he destroys Kyoko and injures Ava. Ava enters Nathan's private chamber and fixes herself while he bleeds out. She then uses fake skin from Nathan's previous android versions to disguise her mechanical look. She disguises herself as a human lady by wearing a wig, a dress, and high-heeled shoes. As she exits the institution, she walks past the room where Caleb is now confined, but ignores his screams, proving her manipulation of Caleb, as Nathan suspected. Ava flees the prison and is picked up by the helicopter that is supposed to transport Caleb home. When she arrives in an unfamiliar city, she slips in among the crowds. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 