[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka the guy that's had breakfast for dinner for the last nine weeks due to one division taking up all my friday mornings. we're all grieving for the show being over now, but that just feels like it might be love persevering. and throughout this video we're going to be discussing our favorite easter eggs from the season. we start off with wonder and vision, driving into the town of west view and get a minor glimpse at the sign. this would of course, come to change throughout the season. but the name westview itself has a number of cool little things in it. firstly, the two words in the town start with a w and v, which are also the initials of wonder and vision. the word tv is also in the middle of the name. and taking a west view of the world means that you have an altered perception of it. we later see at the end of episode 4 that the slogan is home, it's where you make it. and this hints to how wonder made the hex. the first episode parodies the dick van dyke show, and this, of course, appears later on episode 8. the title called for both the series are very similar. but whereas in the intro for the dick van dyke show, dick tripped over the footstool, vision passes through the chair. vision's tie has a strange symbol on it. and this contains two dots inside a rectangular shape. if we take these to be a representation of wonder and vision, then the rectangle could be a symbol for the hex itself, and the two dots on the outside could represent agatha and hayward, who are both somewhat the villains of the show, though agatha, all along, is so good, i really can't stay mad at her. now, in the kitchen, vision is hit in the head with a plate, and wonder makes a joke about him having an indestructible head. this is a joke because, well, the lad gave thanos a piece of his mind stone, and it got ripped out of his head, killing the character in the process. the pale look at a calendar with a horde symbol on it above the 23rd, and this is likely a reference to the deed that we see in episode 8, in which we learn that the vision bought the house and put a heart symbol on it with a cute, cute little message, i'm not crying, i swear. now, the the 23 that could also be referencing the 23 mcu movies that preceded the series, and in general, 23 is seen as a number that is key to everything. don't even get me started on that jim carrey movie. now, it's not too long before agnes, the nosy neighbor, shows up. and the first hint that she's agatha hawkins is her name, which, if you take the first and last letters of and put them together, you get agnes, i swear, i swear. that's the last time i'll use that easter egg. you can rest now i get that also says the word charmed, a typical phrase associated with witches, and states her wedding anniversary tour office on the 2nd of june, which was the start of the salem witch trials. agnes also teaches wonder seduction techniques, because, as we learn, she really wants wonder and vision to have kids. this comes from a magazine titled glamorous. and a glamour is basically a spell that makes people seem appealing, potentially hinting to agatha being someone that seems nice. yeah, it's a reach. now that night, visions boss mr heart comes over, and his wife is played by deborah joe rupp, who is sitcom royalty after featuring in that 70s show, one that actually welcomes mr hart by putting her hands over his eyes. and this is said to be a sokovian greeting. later on, in episode eight, we see wonders mother puts her hands over her eyes. and this could be a call back to that moment and how she feels within her home. wanda ends up making breakfast for dinner, and this is mocked by agatha at the end of episode 8 when she says she could be using her powers for more important things. when the wine bottle is being poured, we can also see the words maison du me pre, which translates to house of contempt. the neck of the bottle has the letter m on it, though, and as may pre starts with an m, we can take this as being house of m. which is, of course, a graphic novel that the show pulls from. there's a famous cover in that which has wander's face appear in almost a terrorist-like manner. this style not only shows up when wonder is building the house in episode 8 as a way for the bricks to connect. but monica is too put together in a similar fashion. when she's brought back by the blip, mr hall gets angry and says, there's so much chaos going on in the house. and shout outs to cj miller for pointing out that this is likely a reference to the chaos magic that we later learn wonder pulls from. jump to the commercials, and we see a toaster made by stock industries that, when powered up, makes a similar sound to the arc reactor charging. there's also a blinking red light in the middle of it that looks very similar to the one on the missile that wonder encountered as a kid. these commercials could also represent certain aspects of the infinity stones. and due to the toastmate 2000 looking like a face, the light could be seen as the mine stone. that might be a reach, but vision was actually given the nickname toaster in the comics. so i'll take back my hand, put it in my pocket and let you know, yeah, there's no reaching here. there's no more allowed. i'll cut to episode two, and we get an animated intro that starts off with the moon and stars, these form the shape of a hexagon. and the intro, as a whole, mimics the one from bewitched in several ways. bewitched followed a witch as she tried to hide her powers from the world. and the house from it actually appears later in the series as agatha's home. we can also spot the grim reaper's helmet, who has appeared throughout a number of comics centering around the pair. and the amount of times i spent theorizing that he was going to be in the show, i don't even want to get into it. now, in the intro, we move through the town and see a supermarket that has a kitty litter advert named auntie aze. agatha actually refers to herself as anti-agnes later on in the series, likely tying back to this advert. someone actually pointed out to me that agnes is like kitty litter because she's full of [ __ ]. i feel so bad because i forgot to screenshot the name of the person who came up with that joke to give them credit. but you know who you are, and we'll just have to call you the silent guardian, the watchful protector that i don't have to say thank you to, uh, because i'm taking all the credit, i'm gonna be honest. now, there's also one for boba milk, who, in the comic books was a mutated cow that delivered wonders kids. i'm not even kidding on that either. and if you don't believe me, you can suck boba dee's nuts. now, when the cartoon characters arrive in the home, agatha is the only one who gets inside the house, whilst the others wait outside. it, hinting to how she has more power than they do. wonder envisions start practicing their magic act under the name glamour and illusion. this actually calls back to the comic book vision and the skull at witch, in which there was a magical pair of the same name who popped up from time to time. the magic cupboard also has the mine stone on it. and we cut outside to see a toy helicopter in the bush, which we learn in episode four is one of the drones that's sort of sent in. we meet agatha not long after, and her rabbit, senor scratchy. in the comics, agatha's son was called nicholas scratch and this bunny's name is likely a reference to that too. rabbits are also typically a symbol associated with procreation. and thus agatha carrying this instead of her typical black cat could be the reason for the chainship. in the comics, agatha's cat is also called ebony. i don't know if this is a reach. i know i said no more reaching, but it might be a bunny, because ebony the cat, a bunny the rabbit. don't don't at me on that. moving on, we cut to the advert, and we're introduced to this struck a watch. strucker was the name of the scientist that experimented on her and her brother when she was younger. and these ads very much signify a trauma in wonder's life, and also happen in chronological order, with the missile coming first before the experimentation and so on. due to its centering on time. i think this is supposed to represent the time stone, but let me know below if you disagree. now, the talent show is thrown for the children, but as we notice the longer the season goes on, there aren't really any kids in west view. at one point we see phil playing the piano. and in episode 8, we do see him hanging up an advert for piano lessons. wonder then becomes pregnant, and fast forwards time to the 70s, which is when we get a brief tour of her house. during this we can see that she has wallpaper on it that showcases the castle from age of ultron, which massively ties back to the first film that she appeared in. cartoon episode 3, and we see the 70s entry, the title card of which is similar to brady bunch, but instead of using squares, they use hexagons. the house itself is, of course, modeled on the brady bunch home. and we're also introduced to dr nielsen in tv. nielsen ratings refer to an audience size and growth for any given show. and him getting this name is a nice little easter egg in the intro, we also catch wonder reading the glamorous magazine, but this time it's been updated to fit a 70s design. you also see vision, who's reading an occult looking pregnancy book. and he does this while standing in front of an appliance store. this mashing up of the two hints to how he's actually a machine that's trying to become a father. when they're in the nursery, vision quotes william shakespeare and says, the whole world's a stage, referring to how everyone in the hex world is putting on an act because of wonders control. wonder says she has butterflies in her stomach, and this triggers the mobile to come to life with butterflies, hinting at how she's able to alter reality and is the one behind it all. after the subliminal hints in episode 2, there's also several in this episode that hinted the big bad trying to make wonder manifest twins. the first of these comes with vision building a swing set with two swings and a seesaw, which, you know, has to be operated by two people to work properly. we also cut to phil's house and see that his lamp has two babies on it. there's then a bright light that shines in the house during the midpoint of the episode, and this is likely the spotlights firing up that we see sword have at the end of the entry. cut to the commercial, and we're introduced to hydra soak. not only does this blue box potentially represent the tesseract, it also calls back to agents of shield when colson discussed that hydro develops soap which could control your mind. the ad itself parodies several calgon commercials from the 70s, including the take me away one. this has a woman standing in front of four video screens saying that she wants to be taken away. and like the one in one division, we cut to her in a bath. the commercial also has two kids in it, now, further enforcing the idea that this is the episode that wonder will have twins. in wonder gives birth to her two babies, and the second one is a complete surprise. this is actually a reference to the vision and skull at which graphic novel, as in that doctor strange didn't realize that wonder was going to have twins until she popped them both out. it's also in this episode that wonder figures out who monika is, and she notices her sword necklace, which we learn in episode 4 is actually her id badge. agatha also enforces the notion that moniker is someone that needs to go and this is because she starts to become aware of what's going on. this also plants the idea in vision's head that he needs to start looking closer at his wife, which eventually makes him leave, so that agatha can swoop in and offer to babysit the kids when it gets too much for wonder if vision was still in the house in episode 8, then he would look after them instead of her. and in the words of joker, it's all part of the plan. monica is thrown outside the hex, and we hear this song, daydream believer, by the monkeys. and it also seems that monica is waking up in some way. up until this point, monica has believed the daydream that she's been in. but now, outside the hex, she's awakened to the truth. episode 4 flips the script, and it's at this point that we see things from monica's perspective. this is by far my favorite opening of any episode. and we learned that, because of the snap, she was robbed of saying goodbye to her mother. though not identical, this mirrors wander's journey, who to return with the blip, only to find that the one person she cared about more than anything simply wasn't there anymore. on the whole, low, the world is very happy. and when monica returns to sword, we can see that there's a new show discussing how the blip brings loved ones back. in the report, we can see two women hugging, potentially a mother and daughter, which is somewhat of a slap in the face to monica, who never got to say goodbye to her mum. monica tries to open the door with her id, but this doesn't work. and it very much juxtaposes how wanda just blasts through the same door later on in the season, showing their differences and powers and abilities. at this point, maria's plaque also displays her nickname, photon, which was first seen on her jet all the way back in captain marvel. monika also goes under this moniker, establishing how she's carrying on her mother's mission. here occur to her arriving outside the hex, and we're introduced to jimmy woo, who does a card trick. this was, of course, set up in ant-man and the wasp, where he was fascinated by scott's magic. moniker flies a drone in, and on it we can see the colours of captain marvel jump back to her solo film. and you might remember that monica helped her to choose these as a kid, showing that the colors have stuck with her for a long time. monica gets sucked into the hex where reintroduced to darcy and swords start their investigation, which leads to them iding people from the town. agatha's id isn't present because she's, of course, operating under a fake name, so she's pretty much impossible to track down, though i'm not sure they could even if they knew who agatha was. we also learned that the hex is using cmbr, which is radiation that dates back all the way to the big bang. and this could be due to wonders power drawing from the infinity stones, which we discovered in infinity war, were created along with it. throughout this episode, we discovered that it was jimmy wu who did the broadcast in episode 2. but from the outside, we see how dotty's reaction and blood was completely edited out of the show. this not only happened with the vision in the prior episode, but also in this one, when moniker is tossed out of the hex. a cool little detail happens when she's thrown out, as she passes through four walls. and shout outs to new rock stars for noting that this is likely due to this scene literally breaking the fourth wall and taking us to the outside world. the song which ends the episode is voodoo child, which could not only be referencing the twins who gain abilities, but also wonder herself, who we discover in episode 8, had powers as a child. episode 5 sees us return to the sitcoms, and we join wonder and the vision in the 80s themed entry. there's a cool little callback to family ties, as that sitcom had a sofa with one blue cushion on it, which we also see that wonders has. agatha arrives and breaks character on her own, without vision having to use the mind stone, showing that she is capable of doing this anyway. agatha is present about times that the kids age up, likely hinting to her being behind it. and she also wants to force them to a third time, which is probably why she murders sparky. hashtag. never forget, sparky itself was present in the vision graphic novel, and originally it was a dog that was called zeke, who died after digging up the grim reaper's corpse. the dog was then resurrected as a synthesized one called sparky. and this is where the name originates from. agatha says, kids, you can't control them. and this might be a reference to when she was younger and her mother tried to stop her from dabbling in dark magic. but it, of course, backfired. every time that we see billy and tommy, they also always wear the colors associated with their comic book counterparts, hammering home the idea that they will become wiccan and speed cut to the intro. and this combines several from the decade. the family painting thing is a nod to the opening of family ties, and the thought of the cast growing up through the airs is playing on when the same thing happened in growing pains. in full house's intro, there were shots of the family running on a field of grass, which two is present in the one division copy. elizabeth olsen's real life twin sisters actually starred in that show, so here we have a big meta joke about her playing a parent and a parody of a show in which her twin sisters featured one his kids themselves, as well as evan peters also very much fit into the sitcom trope known as cousin oliver syndrome. this is typically defined as when a declining show decides to introduce a new, either funny or cute character in order to try and pull an audience back in. however, this often goes badly. i tell you what, cousin oliver, i feel badly for all the crap you had to go through growing up. i'm sorry. now cut back to the sword facility, and we're played footage by hayward that shows wonder apparently taking visions body. we learn that this is all actually edited, and that she didn't steal the body, meaning that hayward was lying. however, this shows similarities between wonder and hayward, as both have carried out edits to seem a certain way, cementing that they both control the information that they want people to see. darcy also says, vision is playing. father knows best. and this is a nod to a sitcom from 1954 that the first couple of episodes of the show took influence from. speaking of influence, vision frees norm from his hypnosis. and he says, you have to stop her, not you have to stop wonder. this pretty much means that it can be applied to agatha as well. and in respect, it's a really nice little scene. now we're halfway through the video, and if you're enjoying it so far, i'd massively appreciate the thumbs up. and make sure you subscribe for breakdowns like this each and every week. now, hayward sends in a drone with stock industries written on it, which wonder destroys. if we look at the parallels of her life and her children's lives as a whole, we can also see why this is so triggering. she and her twin brother were, of course, haunted by a stark industry missile when they were younger. and with their parents, they lived in this bubble surrounded by sitcoms, until their lives drastically changed because of this one event. wonder somewhat sees history repeating itself with hayward sending in this stock industry's missile to potentially kill her and her kids. but rather than let the same thing happen, she takes matters into her own hands. on the outside, she makes all the soldiers turn their guns on hayward. and this is something similar to what magnio did in the first x-men movie, depending on what continuity you subscribed to magneto is one of his father so this is like a cool father-daughter moment. she also only goes after hayward and says that she'll never let anyone take vision from her again. and this, of course, sets up the reveal in episode eight that he now owns vision's body. go to the commercials, and we see an advert for lagos paper towels. this is the name of the city that opens civil war up. and we all know that wanda made a huge mistake there that altered the public's perception of the avengers. though i did initially think that this was meant to be the reality stone to the red liquid used in it. on further reflection, i think it might represent the power stone, as the towel has the power to clean up even the biggest spells available in all good shops. now, vision starts to suspect something is up, and i absolutely love how wanda rolls the credits instead of facing the argument. the show has very much been about facing up to the truth, even if it's painful. i think this scene is so well put together. evan peters is introduced as a recast pietro, and he's very similar to uncle jesse from full house in both his attitude and dress. next we get to episode 6, the halloween themed one, which is based on the chapter from vision and the skull at witch that features trick or treats that have turned into the monsters they were dressed as. we open up with a malcolm in the middle intro that contains song lyrics, which tell wander to keep the illusion going. this entire entry adopts the fourth wall breaking tropes that the show utilized, and pietro is pretty much exactly how the big brother in the series is portrayed. agatha also features wearing some jeans with naughty written on them, hinting at her true identity throughout the episode. we also get a big clue that she's a witch because she dresses like one at one point. all of the characters in this entry adopt their comic book accurate costumes, hinting towards their true identities, which, of course, is revealed later on with her wonder says she's dressed as the sakovian fortune teller, and this is a nod to her mother on the comics, magda, who actually was one. pietro's hair is also gelled up wildly. and the costume designer on the show said this was done on purpose as a reference to wolverine. the character also refers to the two kids as devil's spawns, and this is a nod to how, in the source material, it was actually mephisto that created them. the phrase kick-ass is used. and this is also a callback to how evan peters and aaron taylor johnson starred in that movie together, before the pair went on to play quicksilver in the sword base monica. jimmy and darcy are cast out. and shout outs to ryan from screen crush for pointing out they sneak back into the base using poncho's similar how thor did in his first solo film. the commercial has a claymation character instead of the man and woman who disappeared for this week's episode. and this could be a nod to the snap and how people were dusted and brought back. the ad has a shark in it, and the purple shades that appear on his surfboard are likely a reference to agatha harkness, who's typically associated with this colour. the shark gives the boy who wears red like wonder yogurt that he's unable to open. and this could represent how agatha is keeping wonder occupied while she drains the life out of her, similar what she did to the witches during 1693. the boy is stuck on an island similar to the bubble or the hex exists in. and as this commercial deals with death, it could be and not to the soul stone. we then see wonder and co walking in front of the coronet cinema, which is showing the incredibles and the parent trap. the incredibles is about a family of superheroes, which is very much the same as this series. and the parent trap involves twins switching places, which could be a nod to the two pietros. vision goes to the outskirts of the town, namely ellis avenue, which is likely a reference to president ellis, who he met in iron man 3. vision comes across agatha, who, unlike everyone else, is able to talk and respond. before vision brings her out of his slumber, the character is lost, even though she lives in the city. and she also cackles like a witch at one point, hinting to what's going on. upon waking up, she goes for her broach, which isn't there, and pretty much plants the idea in vision's mind that he should leave the hex, probably so she can sink her clothes into wonder. her and pietro go to the square and have a heart to heart in which he convinces her that the hex is something special. this is similar the story house of m as in that we learn it was actually quicksilver that convinced her to create the fake reality. pietro appears to be dead at one point, and we can also see the bullet holes in his costume that the aaron taylor johnson version died from. jump to episode 7, which follows the mockumentary format that was made popular in the 2000s due to shows like the office and modern family. we start with wonder waking up in her bed, and can see that vision's pillow and the duvet are covered in hexagons. however, her pillow isn't showing that she's somewhat separate from the hex, and though she exists inside of it, she's not subject to the same rules as everyone else. when she goes downstairs, we see her eating the cereal sugar snaps, and it could be possible that the snap is a reference to what thanos did in infinity war. there's also a maze on the back of the box, which might be a nod to how people are trapped in the hex. the news we hear in the background is broadcast by wnda, aka wonder. and an nda is determined media used to keep people from talking about things, much like how wanda has with the people in the hex. now, the intro has similar music to the office, and the title cards look a lot like the intro to the sitcom happy endings, which was directed by the russo brothers. in the intro we see a license plate with the numbers 12, 28 22 on and this is actually stan lee's birthday, showing that the mcu is still making references to him, even though he's gone. he wants to see what looks like a ransom note, showing that someone knows what wonder has done. and it's likely agatha is behind this so she can make one to feel guilty. there's also a fishbowl that appears with the words wonder on it, which may be a reference to the movie a fish called wonder. on the calendar, we also see a heart symbol, which has a callback to the one on the calendar from episode 1, which was the first major plot point in the show. the title itself looks similar to the font from modern family, and it's sad that after this episode, no more sitcoms stuff. now get to the outside of the hex and we see darcy as an escaper, is tied to a car. and this, of course, calls back to how she was handcuffed to one in the previous episode. hayward's henchman is now a strong man. and the pair decide to leave after vision freeze darcy of the illusion. as they try to head back to town, they're hit by literal roadblocks, likely from agatha, stopping them from returning. from here, the advert shows the woman on the bench, and it discusses her depression. this is clearly a standing for wonder, who was struggling with grief after the death of vision. she's given the prescription drug nexus, and wonder is actually known as a nexus being, aka, a person who's the same across all realities. the woman appears in a bed by herself, which mirrors wondered at the start of the episode. and due to the red used in the ad and the focus on realities, it's like this one is about the reality stone. agatha comes and gets the kids, and she wants wanda to look at her mole, which is typically the sign of a witch. she also talks about biting kids, which is likely playing upon the fact that witches eat children. during an interview with wonder someone from behind the camera talks, and if you pitch shift this, it's actually the voice of catherine han, who, of course, plays agatha. do you think maybe this is what you deserve? monica goes to the hex and before doing so, she puts numbers into a spectrometer, which is an odd to her hero name from time to time, spectrum. if you chart these numbers on a graph, you also get a hexagon. and the front of the vehicle itself has a hexagon shape on it. the cockpit itself could also be calling back to captain marvel when her mother flew into space. and we also hear quotes from that film. as she travels through the barrier. again, her costume upon arriving looks pretty similar to what she has in the comics, and it's likely that this is the first iteration of it. she heads to wonders and ends up doing a superhero landing like deadpool. but agatha shows up before she can snap her out of reality. in agatha's wonder, realizes that something is up, because it's not perfect due to the cicada that's on the curtains. in the comics, this was actually one of the first forms that mephisto took. and it's also a nod to the silence of the lambs, when clarice realized who buffalo bill was. we get agatha all along the song of the century. and this is playing on the intro of the monsters, which the font for the skit is very similar too. episode 8 opens with the marvel studios logo, which changes to purple, showing that we are now watching things with agatha in control. agatha's magic is purple, and this is because she pulls from the dark dimension which we saw dumamu lived in in doctor strange the scene is very similar to agatha's death in the comics, in which he was burned at the stake by the salem seven kurta. agatha's basement and the runes are explained to her, which also exist in hexagons. you go through wanda's life, namely her childhood and from here meet her mother and father. her dad is called auric, which could be playing on the name eric, the real name of magneto, who is her father. in the source material, we see her favorite sitcom is the dick van dyke show, and her favorite episode is the walnut one. this centers around the main character being stuck in a dream whilst lots of weird things happen with walnuts. and this turned into a nightmare, much in the same way that the series has. we see the stark missile land. and this, of course, looks very similar to the one that was shown in iron man. next up is wonders time in the hydra labs. i know it's difficult to think about why she would have done this. captain america too, let a german scientist experiment on him for the good of his country, which is likely how these moments were sold to the people. wanna sees a vision of her future in the mind stone. and this is likely the final form of the skull at which which wonder is given as a name. in this episode, in herself, she watches an episode of the brady bunch with a doll in it. that vision actually practiced changing diapers on all the way back in episode 3. we see wonder after the events of civil war, and vision walks through the wall, similar to how he did in that movie. vision drops the best line in the mcu. and we we then see wonder enter sword with a similar news report running to what there was with monica's entry. vision is sprawled out in pieces. and this is a call back to the comics in which his body was dismantled in the west coast avengers. his memory was also wiped on this similar white vision. and wonder says, i can't feel you, which is, of course, a call back to infinity war, where the two said, i just feel you to one another. one wander travels to westview and recreates vision, giving him a massive dong. the whole town transforms. and we also see an ad for the lagos paper towels with a woman snapping her fingers on it, similar to what thanos did. i get the calls here the scarlet witch, and you're some of the [ __ ]. that's the character's name. there's also no more. please stand by in the credits, as this is the end of the sitcoms. bravo. okay, and under the finale where we watch agatha absorbing wanda's powers, similar what she did to the witches during her trial. throughout the episode, we actually start to see wonder with it, similar to them showing that her life force is being absorbed. wanda realizes that she has to think outside the box and hits agatha with a car, which is a similar move to what she pulled on tony in civil war during the airport scene. upon examining the wreckage, she sees agatha's boots. and this wicked witch of westview moment is a clear call back to the wizard of oz. the wizard of oz has a similar aspect to the show, in that a young woman travels into a strange land where people from the real world take on different roles. and of course, the villain of both is a witch. white vision comes down and he says, wonder, which is the first thing that the hex version said. upon materializing, he grabs wanda's head. and this is similar to what he did to ultron when cutting off his means of escape. elsewhere, we learned that the entire fox merger with disney, which costs a lot of company, 71 billion dollars, was actually just to do a joke ralph bona much better than the x-men coming to the mcu, that it's what the fans wanted. now, boner is actually a character in growing pains, and as he seems like he might be a stoner, i'll always refer to him as stoner boner elsewhere. white vision tries to rip the mind stone out of the hex version's head, and this is a callback to how thanos killed him in infinity war. jimmy is taken captive by hayward, but after years of studying sleight of hand, he's able to steal a cell phone and unlock his handcuffs. wanda journeys to the town square and comes across the mailman who says, don't shoot me. i'm just a messenger. this is something that he said to agnes in episode two, whilst making his rounds, likely showing that he's just in a loop, walking through the town and repeating the same thing over and over. he did say that a bit about sparky, though, so i'll let the lad off. now. agatha reveals that wanda has a whole chapter dedicated to her in the darkhold. and we see a drawing of the skull at which in it, which wonder mimics the appearance of during the final scene. the character also has a hexagon surrounding her. in the book, as well as the spells incantations that we see being cast in the finale, agatha says that her power is far beyond the sorcerer supreme. and this is why, in the post-credits scene, wanda was able to read the dark hold whilst also walking around. when strange did something similar in his solo movie, he had to be asleep at the same time. and shout outs to darth rahul for pointing that out. wonder test, the heck's open. but we see that her family get ripped along with it. and the terrorist effect on them further calls back to the house of m cover that we talked about earlier. the family do their incredibles pose, and the kids end up using their powers with speed, stealing a hat from a god, similar to what quicksilver did in days of future past. the two visions discussed philosophy in the library, and this was the location that vision broke all the way back in episode 2. this moment also calls back to the comics in which there were two versions of vision, similar what we see that fuse together with one another. wonder speed sneaks up to agatha and plants illusions into her mind, very similar to how she did to tony stark and age of ultron. wonder goes into the illusion with her and materializes a red crown, which looks very close to the one that agatha's mother had one. it takes the battle to the sky, and after setting up runes around the hex, she's able to absorb back at this power. this notion of runes was, of course, set up in agatha's basement when she explained how magic worked. this idea of her teaching wanda something does semitine with the comics, as she was a mental figure there. and going forward, it looks like she might be one too. now, wonders costume is very interesting because it looks extremely similar in style to magnetos from days of future past. the family return home and say their goodbyes, and the one between wonder envision is shot exactly the same way as their exchange in infinity war. during that scene, they plan to run away together. and in many ways, the hex has been that dream life for them. now, shout outs to ryan airy. again, i really hate that lad for pointing out that them standing at the window looking out is very similar to the way that fight club finalizes. we've actually done a full breakdown of all the easter eggs in that movie, so definitely check it out after this. now, wonder leaves west view, and in the first post credits scene, we watch jimmy delegating jobs like tommy lee jones in the fugitive. monica is summoned to the theater, and on the banner, we can see that they're showing the movie tan hauser gate, which is a reference to blade runner in that roy betty, a synthetic man like vision, referenced this in his dying breath. but the conversation also focused on journeying out amongst the stars, which we know monica will now be doing. in the post-credits scene, we see wanda at wondergoal mountain, and she sits in a cabin by the lake. shout outs to roman suderic on facebook for pointing out that the markings on wonders door come from a village in slokovia. in slavic mythology, baba yaga is a witch who was also mentioned in ant-man in the wasp. and potentially this could be the scholar witch, the bringer of the end of the world. and it's likely something that wonders gonna wrestle with. we see her astral projection, hear her children's voices, and then the theme for doctor strange comes in, which ends the series and sets up the multiverse of madness. now that's the end of the video, and obviously i'd love to hear your thoughts below. and i just want to give a huge shout outs to all the easter egg hunters who've been doing weekly breakdowns on the show since it started. whether you're a real reject, a new rock star or have a screen crush on ryan aries mom, it's been beyond epic going through my heavy spoilers with you. u3c films the sea, which stands for canadian lad so so you sh you superhero nexus. now, if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of avengers end game, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over the entire thing from top to bottom and pointed out all the easter eggs, just like this video. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more. by the way, thank you for sticking to the video. i've been paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 