[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna break bread and family tradition with the 2008 film the children. let's get to it. we open on shots of some dark, dank, creepy woods, possibly the place where children come from. a family wagon rolls through, filled with sounds of chattering, ooh, british children, objectively the most creepy. lady and crew arrive at her sister Chloe's woodland mansion, and all hop out to say their hellos. Polly shows signs of illness, which Lanie attributes to car sickness. inside we get a little taste to the family dynamic as the adults have a racy conversation in front of the kids. Polly wants mommy, but she's busy sucking on a cigarette, and so he's forced to show daddy exactly where he sits in the pecking order. Casey establishes that there's no reception out in the boonies, and that there's an ongoing rivalry between her and Miranda, daddy's special princess. the kids play into the evening, while a general uneasy feeling settles in, and Polly spreads his germs around Robby takes Casey out to reception point, which is like having an outhouse for cellphones. and then everyone settles in for the night, and we see that Polly seems to be feeling better. the next morning, the family has a snowball fight and enjoys some winter tomfoolery while Polly composes his masterpiece, and Jonah Ponder's the reasons why his kids hate him. he tries to take a business meeting with Robbie, but they're interrupted by Pauline making an honest effort to salvage his enjoyment of the weekend by serving his dad a tray of hot tea to the grill. so then it's quiet time before dinner, and miranda seems to be somewhat put off by her cousins and siblings. things get raucous at the dinner table, and we Celia hit the next level of whatever general malaise has afflicted the children. Chloe calls out Casey's tattoo, symbolic of how she was meant to be aborted. so, you know, perfect table fodder. however, the subject has quickly changed when the kids fall apart in unison. Chloe tries to show up her sister by getting Miranda to eat her Peas. but Miranda promptly shows her what she can do with her incentive program, and she's not wrong. then they all break up. Robbie takes the kids outside, while Miranda is taken upstairs for timeout. Chloe's wounds are tended, and Kacie wanders off to make a phone call. with the blood seal now broken, we find just how violent the unknown virus has made the pack of children as they load Robbie up on a sled and send him down the hill at warp speed. and it's all fun and games, until someone gets their neck and face cultivated. the adults lose their minds in the face of the tragedy, and the kids also go crazy. they slice Jonah open before running off into the woods. back outside, we learned that Robbie has succumbed to his wounds. Laney sends Kacy to search for the kids, and she eventually finds Leah. lady tries to come for her sister and get her back inside, while they wait for the authorities, who are currently tied up and finding the roads impassable due to their remote location. when Laney goes to cover the body, she finds it missing, but the trail is short. she hears laughing in the tent, which has to be a good sign, but she's distracted by Polly crying for mommy. she tries to help, but he had definitely climbs backwards, just out of her reach, until she slips, resulting in a quick, sharp break - mommy, shouldn't bone. KC finds her and barricades them in the greenhouse. before she can explain anything, the kids start stoning the glass. things are made even more confusing when KC takes appropriate defensive measures with Polly. meanwhile, Chloe finally joins the party, investigates the tent and discovers that aleeah's been playing with daddy's insides. KC ends up pulling double-duty, trying to protect them both in the chaos. Polly ends up mortally wounded by Lanie's own hand, a devastating outcome. the adults attempt to regroup and figure out what's gotten into those damn kids, but are blinded by their parental instincts. Chloe decides this is the perfect time for a guilt trip, and, assuming this is a problem of breeding, decides to keep her distance in the woods, she finds evidence of taught violence in remembering that KC was the one in the woods with them, quickly fingers her as a culprit. this is all daddy Jonah needs to hear, and he rushes back to the house where KC is currently trying to check back in with the police. but miranda is playing hide and seek with the phones, trotting around and giggling like a little freak. meanwhile, in the woods, Chloe finally finds her precious children. they move in close to share a hug and tender moment, then they hold her down by her earrings, the cost of being fashionable, and stab her in the eye. back at the house, case he found Miranda being naughty with the family cat, and Jonah walks in on her giving her sister an innocent throat hug. the defilement of his most precious is more than he could take, so he locks KC in the room and indelicately helps his wife to the couch. Miranda then says goodbye and they leave. afterward, we get resolution on the Chloe situation. she's as dead as we expected, freeing Leah and Nikki to pursue other interests. Casey works to get out of the room, as Lanie tries to get at the stairs. she has him facing the children down, but can't bring herself to do much more than flaccid leeway of a poker at them, while Lea toys with her emotions. oh, you know, damn good and well. and she eventually gives up, laying there while the little sickos prepared play operation, intending to insert a stick baby into her uterus. luckily, Casey goes primal, busting out and saving her mother in brutal fashion. although Lea's spared. they speed off in the family wagon, bonding over how much of a nob Dona was, before coming upon the SUV and discovering that he got his. then random intern gets hers. now it's just Casey and Lanie, as Casey shows signs of illness, and they get their first indication that their experiences were far from isolated. and that was the children, the first movie, partially subsidized under the NHS for his contraceptive properties. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 