okay, so tennis is now out in the uk. and the film makes the script for memento look like the script for the power rangers movie, not that one, the 90s one. now, there's a lot to talk about, and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down everything that you need to know about its plot, the order of the events and the way that the time inversion technology in the film works. i just want to get into it, as there's a lot to unpack. but obviously there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't seen it, then i suggest you watch it when you've had the time. anyway, enough of the bad jokes. as always, this is the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host. definition now let's get into our breakdown of tenet. okay, so before discussing the plot, we have to go over the premise of the movie, namely the time inversion that's used in it. though the film tries to dabble with the idea of the multi-worlds theory, which was coined by david deutsch, in the end, it actually subscribed to the grandfather paradox way of thinking. this theory states that if one were to travel back in time, and kill their grandfather before they'd given birth to their mother or father. they would actually find this impossible, because you wouldn't be born, and therefore couldn't travel back and kill your own grandfather. which i don't know why you want to kill him. anyway, mate seems like a lovely guy. now, even though the movie makes it seem like it could be possible to change the past, the characters in it are actually on predetermined paths to make sure that everything happens the way that it's supposed to, whether intentional or not. this has massive implications for the ending and makes things operate in a sort of closed loop. now, as for the time inversion technology, we learned that in the future, there exists an oppenheimer-like scientist. in case you don't know, robert oppenheimer was the atomic bomb designer. and similar to the real life figure, this scientist develops world-ending technology through the use of radiation. within physics, there exists things known as tachyon particles, which hypothetically can travel faster than light. because of this being inconsistent with the laws of physics, these particular particles are able to potentially move backwards and forwards through time the future. scientists developed a way to invert an object's entropy. so instead of moving forward through time, like how we experience it, it actually moves backwards. however, because the future relies on the past, these particles cannot change things in the past, and they must follow the motion in which they were put into the future, which is their past. now, the entropy has several negative effects on the human body. and bullets which are inverted deal catastrophic damage, as it's impossible to treat wounds caused by them due to the objects moving backwards through time. when humans are subjected to a two they also struggle, as instead of breathing in oxygen, they're breathing in carbon dioxide, and therefore have to don gas masks. i hope this makes sense, but yeah, there's a lot of stuff to get your head around. this is basically how our protagonist is able to fight himself from the future moving backwards, and so on and so forth. now, the most simplistic way of describing it that i can think of is that if you watch this video from beginning to end, you will have this film explained to you, probably better than ign did. however, if you were to rip the video and then play it backwards. though the same information would be conveyed to you, it would be reversed. however, if you had your entropy inverted, it would play out the same and you would once more see it how it was meant to be. the scientists who created it quickly realized that this would be a weapon of immense power that could cause the universe to fold in on itself if enough items were inverted. and thus she splits up an object known as the algorithm into nine parts and inverts them, sending them back through time. however, there are those in the future that do not believe that the past actually has any bearing on their present, and that they would create an alternate timeline for themselves if they were to destroy it because of climate change. in the way that the world is in the future, they're facing extinction, and in a last-ditch attempt to save themselves, they believe that wiping out the cause of their misery, namely us, would mean that their present is no longer victim to the things that we wrought onto the world. basically imagine skynet, but with less rebooted timelines. and you get the idea. now, though, it's not said. i believe that the reverse entropy studies stem from trying to reverse the effects of climate change, but they hit a brick wall. and thus assume that they could remove us in one fell swoop to completely mitigate the problem. these people in the future communicate with an arms dealer known as saito, who we learn has inoperable pantriatic cancer. saito is an extremely possessive and selfish man, and because of this, he believes that if he has to die, then the rest of the world should go with him. when sato was younger, he discovered a large metal drum in the ruins of a destroyed city. and this was filled with several gold bricks and also instructions, which were directed at him for what you should do going forward. now this pretty much outlines his plot, and it becomes the basis of the protagonist's mission. now we could sit here debating time travel all day, and tennis is smart enough not to dwell on it for too long, but i will be putting together a more in-depth breakdown of it later in the week, so definitely keep your eyes out. however, you do need to understand the basics of it to understand how the movie moves forward. to explain it better, we'll be using our protagonist, aptly named the protagonist, to explain how everything works. now, at the beginning, he's moving forward through time, and we join him as he's about to embark on an operation to stop a siege at an opera in kiev. here he encounters the first part of the algorithm. but the mission goes awry and it's taken by russian forces. the protagonist is almost killed during the op however, he's saved by a man who seems to be moving backwards. this man has a backpack with a piece of red string hanging out of it, which becomes very important later on. the protagonist, who i'm just gonna be calling john from now on, because, hey, if they don't use his name, then i might as well use the actors. look, john is captured and tortured. however, he bites down on a suicide pill, showing that he's willing to sacrifice himself. john wakes up and it's revealed that this was actually a test to see if he was willing to put his life on the line no matter what. and he's drafted into a secret organization and told the word tenet. tenet is, of course, a palindrome, which means that it's the same forwards as it is backwards. and it provides a way of thinking that really needs to be on your radar. get it? because radar is is the same forward as as it is backwards. never mind look in this organization. john learns of the inverted time objects, namely bullets, which he tracks to an arms dealer named prior, who eventually leads him to sator saito is a closely guarded man, and jon believes that he can use the villain's estranged wife in order to get closer to him and find out what's going on. we discover that saitor's wife, cat, absolutely hates her husband, but she can't leave him because of a son whom she loves dearly. saito has complete control over her life and only allows her to meet her son for a couple of moments at the end of school, before he's picked up by his men. saito once bought a forged painting, and should cat try to do anything, he would incriminate her for the peace, and thus she would end up in jail. now, there was a time when the pair were actually happy. together when they were on saito's boat, it looked like things were going to change. however, when cat was travelling back to the boat one day, she noticed a woman diving off it into the sea. and thus assumed that sata was having an affair. and the two drifted apart. cat explains that she will give jon a dinner with her husband in exchange for destroying the painting. jon recruits neil, played by robert pattinson. and during the mission, he comes face to face with a swat team member who's moving backwards through time. inside sator's vault, they discover a time inversion machine, which the assailant and another version of himself springs from. but he manages to escape before they can kill him. this pretty much ruins the mission, and john lies to cat in order to gain access to her husband. now i'm going to be jumping over the plot points here, as there's so many that we could end up with a video longer than the movie itself. but i absolutely adored the way that nolan put the building blocks in place early on before knocking the entire house down around you in the first hour. i was a bit unsure on what was going on. but by the end, it really came together. after going completely bonkers. though it's getting a couple of meddling reviews, i actually really enjoyed the movie. and basically, if you love christopher nolan, then you're gonna lap this up. now, saito tasks john with stealing plutonium. however, this too is revealed to be a part of the algorithm. and using time inversion upon himself, sato is able to capture jon and his wife. after things go badly due to several mysterious time invasions happening, it's revealed that saitor and his men carried out a temporal pincer movement in which one team moved forward, whilst the other team moved backwards. saito shoots his wife with an inverted bullet, and in order to treat her, john and neal travel through a time inversion device. this will give them the time to save cat. and they remember that at saito's vault there was a machine which could invert them back to normal. the only time this will be accessible is when the pair's past selves are carrying out their mission to steal a painting. and thus they wait in the wings for it to go ahead. during it, jon comes face to face with himself, and we realized that he was actually the assailant that was moving backwards through time at the vault, like this video. if you called it early, because i did, i got you, nolan. now, at this point, john is moving alongside himself in regular time, hiding in the shadows and observing things. it's here that he realizes that he can't change the events that happen. judah pryor refusing to help him. alongside this, sator himself is moving backwards to time, to the day on the yacht that he shared with his wife, in which they were both actually happy. at this time, he will set off a dead man switch, which will detonate the algorithm and take the past with him. unbeknownst to him, though, jon and co are aware of this. and with cat, they invert themselves and go back to the day that he was happiest. cat boards the boat, whilst her past version goes to the shore, and satoru ii waits for his past self to exit it. thus he believes that he's spending time with his past wife, when it's really the future one that's aware of his plans. cat kills her husband kicks him overboard and then dives off the boat, which her past self catches. the real saito likely returned home. however, cats seeing this set in motion the pair becoming estranged again, and led to the events of the movie elsewhere sador's team go to set off the algorithm, which i'm so glad they called it that, because youtube demonetized the b word. but look anyway, you don't care. they go to set up the algorithm, and with neil on one side and john on the other, they create a temporal pincer that stops the team. neil eventually ends up reverting back to normal, and he does this in order to try and stop jon entering a bunker which is booby trapped. john makes it through though, and he comes face to face with a russian who's been ordered to set up the algorithm. he's locked out and has no way of getting in. however, he spots a down man with the same tag in his backpack. from the start, the russian team member is ordered to kill jon, but at the last second, this dead character springs back to life through time inversion, takes the bullet and then unlocks the gate before running backwards through the tunnel. this allows jon to retrieve the algorithm, and he and another soldier are saved by neil, who pulls them up through the bunker. the trio decide to split up the algorithm and take it with them, agreeing to never meet one another again. it's here that we get probably the movie's biggest twist, and we learn that neil is actually the character that had the tag in his backpack. neil states that john actually recruited him in the past and that the pair had a long friendship together. we learned that jon actually inverted himself once more and travel back through time, setting up things in place that not only included his recruitment, but also neil's position. this is how neil knew so much about the movie. and though it's a tada moment, it also comes with a bittersweet reveal, as neil says he'll invert himself once more and hang around the area for a bit. this of course means that he'll go back to save jon, unlock the door and take the bullet for him, which will, of course, lead to the character's death. so the last meeting of the pair actually sparks off the encounter that will lead to jon making their meet for the first time in the past. jon continues on tying up the loose ends, including pryor, so that cat will be safe. and she gets to walk her son home from school, which ends the film. although jon will not go down in the history books, he will go down through the history books, setting up in motion things to make sure that armageddon is averted and the events that we saw in the film continue the way that they were supposed to. that ends the film. and i hope i did a good job of explaining it, hopefully better than ign but if not, i'm sorry. now, as for the film itself, i have to say that i really, really enjoyed it. it takes a while to get on board with but by the time the true timing version kicks off, you see how it all fits together really, really well. tennis is an excellent film that i can see people discussing for years and years. and though the characters, such as the protagonist, do feel a bit underdeveloped, the complexities of the plot are what's really special here. i mean, they literally call the protagonist the protagonist. now, all that aside, this is a must-see movie and definitely worth going to the cinema for well, in the uk, i'm not. i'm not sure about the rest of the world. however, it's great. and though i wanted to give it a 10 out of 10, just to do the crap pun, tenet of ten, i think i'll settle for an eight. just an eight. does that work? i i i don't know. i'll shut up now. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the film, and if there's anything you took from it that we didn't. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our breakdown of 100 insane details that we noticed in the batman trailer. we're also giving away a free copy of the avengers on any console of your choice. and all you have to do to be with the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and drop a comment below. the win is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of august, so make sure you get involved. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat us on our discord server, linked in the description, or heavy swirls on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. definition and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 