I I swear this movie was written by Alice after she was tripping on those shrooms in Wonderland. like, for me, it's a solid rent. it because of all the Easter eggs, you know, I like pausing and scoping them all out. and I actually think that national treasure joke was Superman was hilarious, because Superman has played by frickin Nicolas Cage. but then, if you yourself aren't high off edibles or under the age of 12, I don't know how many dance numbers you can stomach, or an entire waffle fight sequence that ends that end with a fart. if that's your thing, then, you know, maybe a junior price. but what stood out to me was something in the after credits, something that's looking to break timelines, renew contracts, and honestly, just took me by surprise. let me explain. so the whole point of having a Teen Titans movie, where they're struggling to get their own movie in this movie, because there's too many superhero movies, is extremely meta. even more meta is that the villain, Slade Wilson, is dressing up as a director named Jade Wilson, because he has plans on mind controlling people with a mass amounts of blockbusters in a blockbuster. so, I don't even know what to call this. after credits where they kind of glitch to reveal the original Teen Titans that ended way back in no 6c before they rebooted them into these oompa loompa looking cartoons, which, I'm a cartoon I'm not discriminating. but before they added the go to the series, they had an OG series that had five seasons, and it was so good. now, there's this tweet from voice actress Tara Strong, which I find it funny that it's the same same voice actors are both. but she had tweeted out about how if this movie does well at the box office, then they might just continue the original Teen Titans series and the teens are in go series. how? I don't get me wrong, I would love to see the classic Teen Titans come back. I love that show. you know, it was, it was actually my dream to one day be cast as an extra in an episode before they got canceled. but how, like, I get that nobody cares about continuity anymore, right? you know, we're talking about the DC. live-action movies, and they want to there's a rumor about switching out Batman. they they're looking at a new Joker. I mean, damn it, Stanley pulled a Verizon dude in this movie and made a cameo in a DC film. nothing is sacred. but the thing is, you know, you have a company like Marvel, who mostly has the shows on Netflix, if they're mature, ABC for the more family-friendly stuff. but when you look at these see they had a show on CBS that then joined the other CW shows that aren't even connected to the Gotham show that's on Fox, which also isn't connected to the new live-action Teen Titans show that's coming out on a completely new streaming site. so having three different Teen Titans shows all running at once. yeah, sure. why not? honestly, what really matters is that they're just keeping the light heartedness that makes the Titans the lovable team that they are. how thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts. I didn't think the movie was funny. there's there's a lot of moments in there where I'm like, yo, I am NOT sober enough to be watching this movie, especially if you're not a kid. but I do think it's enjoyable. I'm curious to see what happens if they do bring back the original Teen Titans. I think that would be really cool. I don't know how confusing it will be. I mean, we were getting used to, you know, yeah, Spider Man one year, the next year is played by a different dude. I think people catch on, but we haven't necessarily had to Spider Man movies at the same time. or two television shows about the same here. I mean, I guess there's Krypton, and then there's the Supergirl one going on. I really, you know, more content. whatever. one of them is bound to be good. I'll enjoy. I already know the og Teen Titans was good, so I don't know, we'll see. I'm curious to know your thoughts. definitely let me know down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe and we won't f Batman, 