want you to hit me as hard as you can. hi. I'm Luke Ryan for Joe. Blow calm and welcome to movie endings explained. well, we'll be taking a look at some of the more ambiguous and discussed movie endings that have left audiences debating their true meaning long after the credits have rolled. this time we're looking at the 2018 film first reformed, written and directed by Paul Schrader, and starring Ethan Hawke as Reverend Ernst tala. this slow-burning psychological drama chronicles Tyler's struggles as the Reverend of the First Reformed Church in snow bridge, New York, as it approaches its 250th anniversary celebration. tala is an alcoholic still grieving over the death of his son, who enlisted in the military at his father's suggestion. and we also learn, as the film progresses, that tala has stomach cancer. amidst all of his personal turmoil, tala is approached by one of his church go was, Mary, who's concerned about her husband, Michael, who doesn't want to bring their unborn child into the world over his fears of climate change. Halle agrees to meet with Michael and attempts to counsel him on his anxieties. however, Mary finds a suicide vest that Michael had hidden and contacts taller, who swiftly takes it into his possession and instructs her to tell no one. before Tola has a chance to meet Michael again, he commits suicide. taular begins to look into the climate change that Michael was obsessed with, and oversees the funeral, which is held, under Michael's wishes, by a local toxic waste dump. at this point, the megachurch abundant life, steps in to tell Tala that this political statement was not appreciated. and he begins to realize that abundant life, which also owns first performed, have interests and ties to a corporation that pollutes. and as taller becomes more disillusioned with the people he works under, and with the growing belief inside him that Michael was right to be so radically passionate about environmentalism, he begins to subscribe to the same point of view and becomes an activist, which leads to Tala apparently planning to use Michael's suicide vest to blow himself up at the 250th anniversary gathering at First, Reformed, thus executing the higher-ups at abundant life. as taller struggles throughout the entire film with an overbearing sense of loss, whether it's the loss of his family, the loss of his beliefs and convictions, or whether it's the loss of hope, he finds one glimmer of potential salvation in Mary. they become quite close after Michaels suicide, with Tala providing a lot of support to Mary, but nothing sexual happens between the two. before the anniversary celebration, Tala urges Mary not to attend, knowing what he's planning to do. as the church fills up, Tala equips his suicide vest, and to his horror, he spots Mary arriving. in a panic, he abandons his bombing plot and resorts to his presumable back-up plan, wrapping himself in barbed wire and preparing to drink drain cleaner. but Mary interrupts his suicide, and the film reaches its conclusion. [Music], I have blessed peace with my lord so [Music], leaning on the everlasting arms, leaning safe and secure from all wars. leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms [Music], leaning me name on the everlasting [Music]. so it seems fairly clear cuts Mary comes to taller and enables his salvation. with the religious backdrop of the story, it's hard not to think of Mary in terms of the Virgin Mary, the mother of God, and at this point, an expectant mother without a biological father. perhaps this is a divine intervention, a force of God that steps in to prevent taular from committing his final sin. or maybe it's just a love that has grown between the two, climaxing with mary's arrival to embrace him. the third option is that this moment never happened, that tala is imagining this moments are too good to be true, ending to his despair. a few things that support this idea are that Mary doesn't seem too perturbed by the fact that she's walking in on tala about to drink a lethal dose of drain cleaner. you could argue that she's too far away to see the substance, and as a glance, it could just be an alcoholic drink. but there's also the bloodstains on his robe, which go unremarked by her as they embrace. his body is also wrapped in barbed wire. and while his robe is covering this, she would be able to feel it through the cloth and potentially be hurt and scratched by it. is this Tallis dying dream as he lays choking to death on the floor, an imagined fairytale Savior to his downward descent that takes him from a man about to commit mass murder to a reformed man welcomed by love once more. it would be all too easy to say that the ending is, of course, meant to be taken at face value. in a film so clear-cut and realistic, why would there suddenly be an introduction of a fantasy sequence at the end, which is where the scene between tala and Mary earlier on in the film comes into play. Mary visits taller and tells him how her husband used to let her lie on top of him as a form of intimacy. and Salah obliges to perform the same ritual with Mary. she lies on top of him, and then this happens. they begin to levitate together, and then eventually they pass over various landscapes in a hypnotic and mesmerizing sequence that literally flies in the face of the cold realism the previous 18 minutes of the film had established. could this be the key to showing us that in this film a transcendental realm exists? writer director Paul Schrader spoke of this particular sequence in relation to its finale, saying, I knew at the end I wanted to jump out of the world, and I thought I should prefigure that in some way. and I just kept thinking, what would Tarkovsky do? well, he'd levitate. and Ray Tarkovsky was a Russian filmmaker whose films often dealt in the metaphysical and in the spiritual. the levitation scene could simply be a form of magic realism in the film, depicting the emotional bond that is forming between Mary and tala, sparked by and in tune with their physical intimacy. it could also be representative of tolas newfound interest in the environments, looking at the landscapes in which they fly across. another element of the ending is the way in which the scene is filmed. throughout the entire movie, Schrader uses static shots. the camera moves very little. he was actually inspired by the 2013 masterpiece EDA, by Polish filmmaker Pavel pavlikov scheme, which similarly tells its story through beautifully framed static shots composed in a 4 by 3 ratio. and similarly to either, the last moment of first reformed lets the camera free as the frame whirls around Marion Tala in the celebratory moments, the releasing of attention between the two expressed in the camera breaking free from its rigid and clinical view, capturing their embrace in a flowing, freeing motion. yet you could also read this as a sign that the truth of first reformed lies in its realistic depiction of its events, and that the camera circling Marion Tala represents a fantasy, as does the dreamy levitation sequence that also looks nothing like the rest of the film. there really isn't a strong argument to be made for the ending of first reformed being real or fantasy, and that was entirely by design. here's a snippet of Paul Schrader in discussion with filmmaker Sofia Coppola, touching on the ending of the film. I don't know what the ending is. yeah, it can be read and one on either at one of two ways. well, one is it sort of miracle has occurred. it is slight disparity. the other is equally, my sense, optimistic, which is, he drinks the Drano, and he's on all fours. he's throwing up his stomach. he's imagine, and God comes over to him, who has not talked to him for the whole movie, and says, Reverend, told you want to know what happens. and looks like, here it is. this is exactly what it looks like. it looks like one long kids. yeah, we've been tweaking it in the editing, you know, when people see it, trying to get, trying to make it like half and half. so whenever I showed it, I say, is he alive or dead? but it's trying to get about the same amount of hams to go out for both. do you have an idea which side it's more? honor, no. whenever people, more people thought it was one way, I shipped the editing to it's the other way. so that so that I didn't know. now, the most interesting part of that for me is where Schrader mentions that he wants the general consensus over whether or not Salah is a live war debt by the end of the film, to be completely split in the audience. he even wants it to be so 5050 that he doesn't even know himself. so how do you read it? we'd love to hear your thoughts and discuss this great film further. for me, I don't know. and that's kind of the way I like it. I would ask all about the ending of the movie when we weren't working on it, and he would say that a good film begins as you walk out of the theater, meaning that the movie should really function like the ringing of a bell. the Bell is wrong, and now it vibrates. that's the sound that gets carried, you know. and the significance of a film is its impact. is what at what stays with you. [Music], you 