welcome to movie summary. today, i'm going to explain mission impossible. rogue nation imf agent ethan hunt is determined to prove the existence of the syndicate, a consortium of rogue field operatives for various different intelligence agencies turned mercenaries the cia does not believe exists. hunt is captured by the syndicate at a record shop in london, as cia director alan hundley successfully convinces a senate committee to disband and absorb the imf, currently without a secretary in charge, into the cia for its destructive methods and other misconduct. hunt escapes a torture chamber led by syndicate member yannick bone, dr vinter, with the help of disavowed mi6 agent and now syndicate operative, elsa faust, cut off from the imf. hunt follows his only lead, a blonde man in glasses, later identified as former mi6 agent solomon lane. six months later, hunt is still a fugitive living in paris, luring a cia team to a decoy safe house in havana. and lane is not found at the vienna state opera. the syndicate kills the austrian chancellor, despite efforts to prevent it from hunt's former colleague, benji dunn. faust willingly drops hints of lane's plan to hunt before leaving. dunn learns the syndicate is working against the old world order by committing several terrorist attacks, but stays with hunt instead of reporting to the cia. hunt, blamed for the chancellor's death, is pursued by the cia's special activities division. william brandt contacts luther stickel to find hunt before the cia does stickle tracks hunt, dunn and faust to casablanca, where the trio break into and acquire a secret syndicate file from a secure building. faust flees with the data and goes to london to use it, but it is discreetly wiped by mi6 handler atlee. meanwhile, hunt learns that the data is an encrypted british government red box that requires the prime minister's biometrics to unlock it. they reached london to confront faust, where lane's men abduct done and used on and faust to blackmail hunt into decrypting and delivering the data to them. despite brent's protests, hunt agrees to do so as part of hunt's plan. brant reveals their location to hunley hundley brandt and adley meet the pm in oxford, who confirms that the syndicate was a project proposed by ali to perform missions without oversight, which the pm rejected. adley then reveals himself as hunt in a mask and secures the pm's biometrics, allowing stickel to decrypt the file. when the real athlete arrives, hunt forces him to admit that he began the syndicate without permission and that he has been covering up its existence after lane hijacked the project and went rogue, turning the syndicate against him and mi6. upon discovering the file contains access to 2.4 billion pounds in various bank accounts serving as the syndicates would-be operating budget. hunt destroys the data. at his meeting with lane outside the tower of london. hunt tells lane he has memorized the data and offers himself in exchange for down and faust. dunn escapes after the bomb on him is disarmed. while hunt and foust are chased through the tower of london complex by lane's men. faust kills vinder in a knife fight, while lane is gassed unconscious in a glass cell and taken into custody. having witnessed an imf operation's success first hand, holly later returns with brandt to the senate committee and covers for hunt and his team convincing the committee to restore the imf. after the meeting, bran congratulates hundley, who is now the new imf secretary. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. other movie details and facts. paramount pictures announced in august 2013 that christopher macquarie would direct the fifth mission impossible film from a script by drew pierce, with tom cruise reprising his role as ethan hunt. dc productions and bad robot would produce. and skydance productions, who served as co-foundancers and executive producers of the latest installment, will work closely with the team in the development and production process. principal photography began in august 2014. on august 21, the production released its first photos from the set in vienna, austria. in august actors cruz and pegg, along with director christopher macquarie were in vienna at the metro and on the rooftop of vienna state opera. after finishing one and a half weeks of filming in austria, on august 30, crews arrived in the moroccan capital city of rabat for filming more scenes.here, the marrakesh highway was closed for 14 days, august 30 to september 12th. other filming locations in morocco include agadir, rabat and casablanca, 24 25 26. on september 8th and 9th, filming took place in the marrakesh stadium, which was closed both days for filming purposes, and casbah of the udayas in rabot. after more than a month of shooting in austria and morocco, filming moved to london on september 28th. citation needed filming of an action scene featuring ethan hunt climbing and hanging on the outside of a flying airbus. a400m atlas took place at raf wittering, near stamford. tom cruise performed the sequence, at times suspended on the aircraft over 5000 ft, 1 500 meters in the air, without the use of a stunt double dot. to pull off this particular stun, the production team were given a limited period of only 48 hours. the plane took off and landed eight times before they had the perfect shot.on november 9th, filming began on southampton water and fully power station. tom cruise trained under diving specialist kirk crack to be able to hold his breath for three minutes to perform an underwater sequence, which was filmed in a single long take without any edits. though the scene in the movie was cut with several breaks, giving the impression for the scene having several takes. however, stunt coordinator wade eastwood claims that cruz held his breath for just over six minutes. some footage also took place at leavesden studios, with the crew spending a month filming footage in leavestone's underwater tank. the tank was approximately 40 feet in length, and circular tracks were constructed around its drive bays in order to attack the camera and dolly. other footage shot at leavesden included additional insert shots, shots of crews running through grass, which were filmed using a technocrane, and several crowd shots. on february 20th, 2015, the hollywood reporter said filming was halted to give macquarie cruz and an unknown third person time to rework the film's ending.filming ended on march 12 2015. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel. thank you for watching. 