welcome to the man of recaps. this is the 100 seasons one through five. after a nuclear apocalypse, humanity has fled to space on the ark. but they're running out of air, so they send the 100 juvenile delinquents down to earth to see if it's habitable. although two of them died in landing, so it's down to 98 immediately. but the rest of them aren't killed by radiation. so humans are back on earth. unfortunately, they are juvenile delinquents. so it immediately turns into a Lord of the Flies teenage sex party. our main character is Clarke Griffin. she's the responsible one. her mom's actually the chief doctor on the ark, and is monitoring their wristbands to see if they survive. Bellamy Blake is like, hey, we don't need the adults anyway. let's break all our wristbands so they don't come down. we can have a forever teenage sex party. the hot girl is his sister, Octavia. he's very protective of her. in fact, she spent most of her life hiding in the floor because the strict one-child only policy, by the way, that's why they're all teenagers on the ark. there's limited resources, so if you break any law as an adult, you're immediately spaced. the Chancellor's son, will is down here too, and a lot of the other kids hate him because his dad's space to their parents. luckily, there's cool kids like Finn who keep everyone chill. if it's hard to tell them apart at first, don't feel bad. they do all have the same haircut. one of the kids whose parents were spaced is just a little girl, but she goes ahead and kills will, a little girl. they'll assume it's John Murphy, because he's been talking about killing will non-stop. they start to hang him, and the little girl confesses at the last minute. it's like, okay, we're not gonna hang a little girl. but Murphy doesn't think that's fair. the little girl ends up feeling bad and jumping off a cliff. and Bellamy's pissed, so he exiled Murphy, banished. now up on the ark, they're still running out of air. Marcus Kane thinks they need to kill about 300 people, but Clarke's mom, Abby Griffin, is not okay with that. she gets Raven Reyes, a super smart, super hot engineer, she sends her down on a landing pod to help get communications back up. Raven makes it to earth, and turns out Finn is her boyfriend. it's awkward timing, because Finn and Clarke hooked up, like, literally last night. unfortunately, her new comm system is broken because Bellamy got there first and threw it in the river. he didn't know though, that they were about to kill 300 people. whoops. the kids try to contact them the old-fashioned way, but it's too late. and hello the Colleen. the 100 have some more immediate concerns on Earth. turns out there alone, yes, some humans survived the apocalypse. they call them grounders. and their tribal badass types, kinda sexy. in fact, they capture one named Lincoln, who has incredible abs. so Octavia gets a crush on him, helps him escape, and they have awesome gave man sex. he set some peace talks with his tribes leader, this girl, Anya. but one of the kids gets a little trigger-happy and pieces out the window. so they're preparing for war. the 100 have guns, but limited ammo, so when the battle breaks out, they have to improvise. boom, like the ignition rocket fire takes them all out. so the battle is won. but what's this? knockout gas. guys with masks and machine guns. what's going on? in season 2, Clarke wakes up in a hospital. she busts on out of there, but turns out it's a really nice, happy place. it's Mount weather, an official nuclear bunker. the president explains they're all still inside because the earth is still radioactive. the 100 grew up in space, so their bodies are more used to it for science reasons. it seems great. and they have chocolate cake. but Clarke doesn't trust them. sure enough, they're draining the blood from grounders to help heal their radiation sickness. Clarke rescues Anya, and together they take a leap to escape upon the ark. they're actually running out of air all the way now, so they crash the ark down to earth. they set up camp at Arcadia, which means no more Lord of the Flies stuff. the adults are in charge again. Clark's reunited with Bellamy. they started as enemies, but now I totally ship it. but her current boyfriend, Finn, is still out looking for her. he thinks the grounders took her. and when one jumps the fence, so he shoots one, and one turns into two, and two turns into the whole village. Cain goes to make peace with the grounders, but who should he find there except counselor jaha. Josh stayed behind to go down with the ship, but changed his mind, pulled a crazy stunt and rode a nuclear missile down to earth, which mostly worked. anyway, the top grounder commander is another young girl, LexA. she's like, hey, I'm down for peace, but your guy massacred a whole village, and we have a saying here, blood must have blood, so they're gonna kill them all. but Clarke goes to talk to her, like, hey, mount weather has both our people. we need to ally against that. Lex is like, all right, I'm down. but Finn still has to be executed, death by a thousand cuts. Clarke rushes over there and kisses him goodbye. it also gives him a merciful death by one cut to hang Clarke, hard core. things are getting worse in Mount weather. the president's son took over, and because he wants them to be Unruh do active, he starts harvesting the 100's bone marrow. they can't attack yet because Mount weather has a poison fog defense system. so they sneak Bellamy in with the help of Jasper's new mount weather girlfriend. turns out there's a bigger problem though. mount weather is about to launch a missile at them. Clarke wants to evacuate, but let's just like, hey, if we do, they'll know we have an Inside Man. so, boom. Clarke lets the missile strike happen. hardcore Clarke. LexA thinks that sexy and kisses Clarke. and Clark's into it. all right. anyway, Bellamy disables the poison flog and grounder and Skye people march together. but LexA made a deal with mount weather to release all the grounders. sorry, Clarke, your people weren't part of the deal. and the grounders all peace out. so the sky crew is on their own. Octavia made friends with this grounder woman Indra, who teaches her to fight. she sucks now, but you just wait a few seasons. they get to the control room, but the new president won't stop. the only way for Clarke to save her people is to open the vents and let in all the radioactive air. oh, all the Mount weather people going down, which includes a bunch of civilians and Jasper's girlfriend, who helped them so her people are saved. but this is too hardcore even for Clarke. she needs some time alone. meanwhile, jaha is on a Moses type exodus to the City of Light, - grounder myth. they meet a hot scavenger chick, but she has a mutant radioactive and Murphy's here though. and since he was banished early, he missed the whole teenage sex party, so he'll take what he can get. long story short, they find a mansion, and inside is a woman who is a hologram. yeah. she's an artificial intelligence named Ally, not just any AI, the one who launched the nukes that destroyed the world, destroying humanity to save it. you know, classic. so in season 3, she shows jaha the City of Light. it's a virtual world, like the matrix, but where everyone's happy all the time. jaha is super excited about it, but Murphy's like, nah, I kind of like being angsty. so he pieces out of there with his mutant girlfriend. Clarke has been living in the wilderness and has dyed her hair red. the grounders are looking for her now, after what she did in Mount weather. they call her Wan Haida, the commander of death. they bring her to see LexA in the grounder capital of polis. it's a ruined city with one big building left. Clarke, still pissed LexA left her hanging him out weather. but Lex is like, hey, let's let bygones be bygones. I need help now. see, the commander presides over the Alliance of the 12 clans, but the ice nation wants to start some trouble. and LexA just pulled a, this is sparta, on him. so now she wants the sky crew to join them as the 13th clan. now, an ice nation girl warned Bellamy that it was a trap, so they bust into saebom. but turns out the trap warning was the trap. the real trap is at Mount weather, where Scott crew's been hanging out. an ice Nation assassin sneaks in and blows the place up. the ice Queen's like, yeah, I did it. I challenge you for leadership. fighting on. my behalf is my son, roe. he's a super hot dude who gets stabbed as much as possible, so he has an excuse to take his shirt off. he and LexA have a trial by combat. she wins, but instead of killing him, she takes out his mom. oh, she was the real problem. she's sensible, attuned to Arcadia to protect against any further ice nation aggression. but the sky people have just found some friends from another arc crash site. they're led by this guy pike, and they've had bad experiences with grounders, so in Kane explains, they just joined them and become the 13th clan. Pike is not happy, and a lot of people support him. they elect him Chancellor. he immediately sends guys with guns out to slaughter the army that was there to protect them. Oh, Clarke's like, hey, please, don't kill all my people. maybe blood must not have blood. and LexA listens to her, because Clarke's hot, and these two are like, officially dating now. they're like, okay, we only want Pike. but Bellamy's haven't none of that. Kane tries to tase him and turn him in, but they catch him. they're going to execute him, but in a rescue mission, Lincoln turns himself in so they can get away. no, Pike shoots Lincoln. no. Octavia is so sad. she blames her brother, Bellamy, for letting this happen, Bellamy realizes he may be on the wrong side in this, so he leads Pike into a trap, and they finally hand him over. but there's new grounder leadership because LexA accidentally got shot. when the commander dies, the high priest, the keeper of the flame, takes out a computer chip thing from their neck. yeah, a hundred years ago, when the AI ally destroyed the world, her creator, Becca, designed a new better AI, one that would interface with humans and not be evil. she flew back down to earth, met the survivors and became the first commander. since then, that computer chip, they called the flame, has been passed down through commanders, but it only works if you have compatible blood, which is night blood, because it's black. his nation has their own blood. and she kills all the other kids and takes over to keep her of the flames. not cool at that. he gives it to Clark. he's like, get out of here and find a new not evil, nightlight. so, without the official flame ceremony, this new girls meeting some resistance. luckily for her, Murphy is there and helps teach her how to keep control. she keeps him chained up in her bedroom, and likes to have sex with him. not the worst thing he's had to do to survive. meanwhile, jaha made it back to Arcadia. he's talking like a prophet now. he wants people to take the key to the City of Light, and it will take away all their pain. Raven got shot in season one. long story. so she's like, yeah, my leg hurts. I'll take it. and boom, yeah. her legs all better and she can see Allie. but by the time she realizes Ali's evil, the whole camp has taken the chip and they're being mind-controlled by a rogue AI. Jasper grabs her and they bust on out of there. long story short, managed to zap Allie out of Ravens head. and now Raven knows the way to shut Allie down is with the second new AI, the flame. they need to find a knight blood to put the flame in. the only one they know of is on an oil rig. her name's Luna, but she's like, now I'm not interested. so she kicks him out. more on her later. they find the ice nation king and hatch a plot to work together. but by this time, everyone else has taken the chip, so their plan fails immediately, they try to make the Clark take the chip by having her mom killed herself. luckily, her friends get there just in time to save her. long story short, Clarke gets a neck blood infusion and takes the flame herself. she goes into the City of Light, which is pretty much exactly the matrix, including her own personal Morpheus. it's LexA. her consciousness is here for reasons. she's also got Raven back on the matrix computers to open a door for her. and Clarke finds the shutdown switch, but before she can use it, alie has some bad news. all the nuclear reactors around the world are just melting down. there's gonna be a second nuclear apocalypse in like six months. the City of Light is the only way to save humanity by storing their minds digitally. Clarke's like, now I'll take my chances. and boom, pulls the kill switch. alie defeated in the big fight that was happening, everyone suddenly on mind controlled, and can also suddenly feel pain again. Bellamy's like, good job, Clarke. you saved the day again. and she's like, not really. so now it's season four. this ice nation check echo decides to just take command. and her plan is to kill all of sky crew as punishment for Allie. luckily, the King wakes up and his shirts off again. Clarke explains that a new nuclear apocalypse is coming, and he like, yeah, I'm not gonna kill you. do everything you can to stop that. Octavia works to keep him in power, assassinating anyone that wants to challenge him. yeah, like I told you, Octavia is a badass fighter. now they call her Skye Ripa death from the sky. by the way, Kane and Clark's mom are in love now. even though they spent the whole series as rivals, it was really not that long ago he was whipping her in the town square. also, Monty and Harper's started hooking up. I haven't mentioned either of them at all yet, but they've been around since the beginning. in fact, it's Monty who has the bright idea to use the crashed arc as a safe bunker. when the Ice King hears about this, he's gonna go take it. they chased down Octavia before she can warn them. Octavia and EKKO have a one-on-one fight, but, Oh, Octavia is stabbed, and she falls off the cliff into the river, and then her horse comes. it's an exact reenactment of the scene from Lord of the Rings. anyway, she gets there just in time to warn them, and Clarke has to go talk some sense into this guy. again, they agree, they'll split the arc fifty-fifty. unfortunately, a grounder got inside that hates technology because Ally made him kill his family, so he decides to burn the whole thing town. oh no, that's not saving anyone. luckily, a new plan emerges when some irradiated grounders show up, including the night bled Luna. they all die, but Luna survives, probably because of her night blood. they go to the lab where jaha first found Ally and come up with a way to synthesize night blood for everyone. of course, they won't know if it works until they test it. long story short, attempt one fails horribly. but for test number two, Clarke's gonna try it on herself. her mom, though, is not okay with that, destroys the machine. so there's no way to know if it'll work until it's too late. so their next best plan is Jos who found an old newspaper article about a doomsday cult who might have a bunker. turns out it's in the ground or Holy Temple. and jaha finds the key that opens it. it looks like the cult never got a chance to use it, but it is a fully functional Tuesday bunker. only question now is how to decide who gets in the grounders all agree to do the only rational thing, have a Hunger Games. unfortunately, Luna shows up. and since her whole clan was wiped out, she fights for no one. the human race doesn't deserve to survive. so it's a battle. royale ice king and Skye Ripa make a temporary alliance to take down Luna, cuz she is a really good fighter. she ends up kill the ice king, but Octavia gets her, yeah. and Octavia called skai kru is the champion, but she's like, I don't fight for sky crew. now we are all one crew. everyone shares the bunker. unfortunately, sky crew already took it. they did not trust her to win, so they were like, let's just sneak in and lock the door. Bellamy's not okay with that. his sisters still up there. Clarke almost stops him, but she's not gonna shoot Bellamy. so now they have to share. each clan gets to pick 100 people. to be fair, they'll do a random lottery, but that fails after about three seconds. so Kane and jaha gasp their own people and pick the hundred that survived from a list Clarke wrote up just in case. Clarke and Bellamy aren't actually there. though they left on a mission to save Raven. they're way too late to get back to the bunker. but they have a new plan, go into space. yeah. they got a rocket ship here. Murphy and his mutant girlfriend are with him, so is echo, the ice nation girl. she was their enemy, but she saved them on the way here, so that gets a spot. Jasper, sadly, is not with them. he's been on a real nihilist kick ever since his mount weather girlfriend died. so now he stays behind to throw an end-of-the-world party for all the people that are just sick of fighting. it's super sad for his best friend, Monty. but Monty and his girlfriend Harper, are coming on the rocket too. so yeah, with five years in space, maybe Clarke and Bellamy will finally get together. except the communications towers broken. Clarke's got her run over there and fix it. and there's no way she's gonna make it back in time. they have to take off without her by car. but Clark gets the communications up in time for them to get onto the space station. will Clarke survive? it doesn't look good. but then it's a six year time jump to make up for the actor's aging. and huh, boo. Clarke's alive. yeah, the night blood work. she's radiation proof. but the Earth's been habitable again for a whole year. where is everyone? the 100 season five. so right after prime FIYA, Clarke went back to polis to try to get into the bunker, but it was covered under a lot of rubble. the rest of the world basically turned to desert, except for this one beautiful valley there. Clarke finds a little girl who's a natural nightblood. and together they live happily for six years up in space. things are pretty good, except they have to eat gross algae every day, and they just don't have enough fuel to get back to earth. but one day a new spaceship shows up. what is this? aliens? no, turns out it was an asteroid mining mission. they've been in cryo sleep this whole time and have no idea. they missed two nuclear apocalypses. unfortunately, though, all the miners were prisoners. they're led by this woman, Colonel diosa, who is somewhat reasonable, but will shoot you without a second thought. the space crew go on to their mothership, which is empty, except for 200 more of them in cryo sleep. so they grab some fuel and finally get back to earth, where Bellamy's like, hey, let's work together, or I pull the plug on your two hundred friends. he and Clarke are reunited, but he started dating echo in space. it was a long six years. anyway, they get the miners help to open the bunker, but the bunker has turned into a bloodsport gladiator cult led by Octavia, the Red Queen blood Raina very early on, they realized they were trapped under a mountain of rubble and maybe stuck here forever. chaos broke out, but Octavia held it together with sheer brute strength. she's like, we are all one crew, or you're an enemy of one crew. they started up gladiator fights cuz they had too much population. anyway, and things just went from there. jaha died at some point, but Clarke's mom is still alive, though she's addicted to painkillers. but Marcus Kane is still alive and has grown a glorious Nick Cage hair. so they're rescued from the bunker. but the miner prisoners managed to hack their ship and open up all the cryo tubes without any leverage against them. it's like, sorry, but we're just gonna take the whole valley for ourselves. you guys stay here, or we'll blast you with sonic mining cannons. so the minor prisoners enjoy their Valley. they took Clark's mom and Kane with them because they need a doctor. a lot of them have the black lung from mining asteroids. flutter Anna's ready to march to war, but Clarke tries to negotiate peace. steals us down for peace because she's pregnant. but Octavia is kind of crazy these days. she wants the war. so it's a tough dilemma for Bella knee. but he poisons his sister just a little bit to knock her out for a few days. they're gonna unite everyone under Clarke's young night blood girl. give her the flame, make her an official commander. but Clarke is not happy about this. she wants to protect her at all costs, and so basically kidnaps her. she may be right, because Octavia wants to hunt her down. she also makes her brother fight to the death. but Monty jumps in to save the day. he was able to use his algae to reefer ttle eyes the land. they don't need to fight for the valley. they can live here. Octavia has lost her mind though. she burns all the crop, and now they have no choice but to fight. when did Octavia get so crazy? well, during the dark year in the bunker, they had to resort to cannibalism. and the thing was, it couldn't be optional. if people starve to death, they're not good food for the rest of them. so Octavia had to force people at gunpoint to be cannibals. it saved the bunker, but it kind of broke her over in the valley, Clarke's mom found a cure for the lung disease, but the Colonel's like, hate don't do it yet. half the prisoners are loyal to my baby-daddy McCleary, who's a real bad dude. and I'm happy to just let him die. Murphy tells McCleary this hit starts a civil war. McCleary wins, so now there's no chance of peace. Clarke actually helps him out to protect her girl from Octavia. so when one crew marches to battle, it's a trap. they're mowed down. Octavia realizes she's been acting crazy, so she leaps out for a final stand, sacrificing herself while her people get away. but she doesn't die. reinforcements show up. the little girl finally talked some sense into Clarke, so they bust in with their friends and rescue them. blood Rayna kneels to the new commander, and one crew is united. again, they storm the valley, and this time they win. but McCleary is like, if I can't have the valley, no one can. boom. he launches the super explosive and radioactive fuel. they mind. they take him out, but in about 15 minutes, it's nuclear apocalypse number three. the main characters, I'll make it to the ship just in time. and the last survivors of humanity are back in space to ride out a nuclear apocalypse once again, this one should only last about 10 years. and that's nothing if you're in cryo sleep. so in no time at all, Clarke and Bellamy wake up. but there's a random new dude here. oh, it's Monty and Harper's son. they stayed awake to make sure everything ran smoothly, but it did not run smoothly. turns out earth can only handle so many nuclear apocalypse is in a row. so they stuck their teenage son in cryosleep. and fifty years later, Monty finally came up with a solution. they've been asleep for a hundred and twenty five years and have made it to a whole new planet. what you thought this show had run its course, but it's just getting started. so get ready for new alien adventure in season six. [Music], 