hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we'll be talking about the 2003 film, Terminator 3, rise the machines. so let's get started. the summary relies heavily on knowledge of the previous films. if you haven't seen them already, check out my spoilers in the links below. the film opens with John Connor living off the grid in Los Angeles after the death of his mother, Sarah, from leukemia. even though Judgment Day, the mass destruction of human lives for the machines, was avoided, John still believes that the war will happen between the humans and the machines. the future. Skynet, which apparently still exists, unable to locate where John is hiding in the past, sends back a new Terminator called the TX to the year 2004 in order to kill other members of the human resistance. the TX has similar liquid metal properties of the t1000 from the second film, and also has advanced built-in weaponry, as well as the ability to reprogram other machines. in response, the future human resistance sends back a reprogrammed terminator to protect John Connor and his future wife, Kate Brewster. however, at the beginning of the film. Kate and John do not know each other. the Terminator looks just like the terminators from the previous films, once again played by Arnold Schwarzenegger. after killing several targets, the TX locates Kate and John, but they escaped with the terminators health. the Terminator takes Kate and John to a mausoleum where John's mother, Sarah Connor is bury. however, in her vault they find a massive weapons cache. a shootout takes place with the police, and they all escape in a hearse. The Terminator plans on taking John and Kade to Mexico in order to escape the fallout of the new Judgment Day, which actually is supposed to happen that same day. it appears as though that Judgment Day is inevitable, and all that happened in the second film was they merely pushed the Judgment Day back further. John orders the Terminator to take them to see Kate's father, a lieutenant general overseeing the building of Skynet after Cyberdyne systems went to funked. at first, the Terminator resists John's orders, but follows through when Kate gives the same order is revealed that John is killed on July 4th, 2032 by the same Terminator robot, and that the future Kate is actually who reprogrammed the Terminator and sent him back in time. Kate's father is pressured by the President to activate Skynet in order to stop a computer virus that is spreading all throughout the world. little do they realize, the viruses actually Skynet itself. John and Kate are too late to stop Skynet's activation, and the machines begin to kill staff members, and the TX also arrives and begins fighting. the general gives Kate and John a codebook for the location of Skynet score system in order to disable Skynet. John and Kate make a run for an airplane at the base, while the Terminator is severely damaged by TX. John and Kate are able to escape, however, and reach Chrissa peak, where the Skynet core is located. as they arrive, however, the TX and the Terminator also arrive, and they begin to battle. the Terminator is able to crush the TX. as John and Kate run into the bunker. the Terminator holds the blasters open long enough for John and Kate to lock themselves in, then the Terminator uses the fuel cells to destroy the TX and himself. Kate and John discover, however, that Crystal peak is not a site for Skynet score, but instead is a nuclear fallout shelter. the general tricked them in order to protect his daughter, Kate, as well as John, as judgement day begins to happen outside of the bunker, with nuclear missiles being detonated all around them, killing billions. the film ends with Kate and John answering radio calls on the emergency equipment, knowing that the war with the machines has truly begun. so that was the spoilers for Terminator 3, rise the machines. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 