listen. this is what the kissing booth thought it was gonna be, and it clearly wasn't. and obviously, you guys really wanted me to check this one out, so i listened and binged it on netflix. it's a movie based off a series of books about a girl who writes letters to all the boys she loved before, but never sends them. and i know a lot of people are really going crazy over crazy rich asians, which is in theaters, and that's cool. i baited a couple of comments just by simply mentioning netflix in that video, but netflix really made the better movie this weekend. like some of you all know, i'll always remember that walk mandy took. and while this one doesn't have someone dying, doesn't have mandy's bangs, this still stands as one of the best rom-coms of 2018 that i give a junior price and chill to let me explain. so for starters, i think the casting in this is perfect. you all know my favorite movie of this year also stars a margot, but the margot in this one lara kitty. they killed it because the author of this book tossed out all of her white outs and was gonna make sure that she cast asians for the role. she wrote, he got jubilee from x-men as. the middle sister, who looks up to is also kind of jealous of her older sister who started dating her best friend. rule number nine, which specifically states, relatives of your best friend are totally off limits. but since the mom's advice before she passed away was to never have a boyfriend as you go off to college, she just straight up dumps the dude. the thing with laura is that while she was growing up, anytime she had a crush on someone, she would write them a letter expressing how she felt, and then would put it in a box and never send it, even though this girl was addressing it to him. so leave it to his little helmet wearing kitty named little sister to assume the job is a post office person and send them out. this big quick tangent to this flashback scene where they played spin the battle. for any couple who was playing this game, you can't be surprised that your boy is kissing someone else during the game. that's like being surprised you get hit in football. anyways, all the guys who got their letters are sending them back with more rejections than harvard would. i get that. the older sister is supposed to be like the hotter one of the group, but you know, laura ain't bad at all. she's freaking out more than the sony execs were when their stuff got leaked, to the point that she even tweaks and kisses one of the guys so she doesn't have to deal with one of the other ones without consent. lightest girl is avoiding her sister's ex, her ex-best friend, so hard as she takes a catniss fall out the window and lands in this fake relationship with the school jock. oh, so you want to use me as your pawn? oh, see, technically you used me as your pawn first when you jumped me. equality peter gets to make his ex jealous, while laura gets a fake boyfriend to avoid her old best friend. and this girl gets tipsy and puppy love house. they continue their fake relationship by going to parties. where is that king? okay, look, the guy from happy death day, who was already playing a college student. i was giving him a pass for playing a junior in this one. but king, king bach just had a degree and a mortgage in another netflix original movie. how now i get that these two have the qt fake relationship that we're all supposed to love, but look, yo, my man was done dirty. can't just stick around. we can't, we can't talk. sorry. hello darkness. smile. poor dude is a casualty she stole, which kind of works when she breaks up with peter. i break up with you. but then things get deep. god, you were never second best. damn peter, because if it wasn't real, then i didn't lose anyone. but if i say that it was real and he still doesn't want me, damn laura. everything gets revealed when the older sister comes home and finds out that laura actually has feelings for her ex, which makes her angry. they bicker, they fight, but in a truly heartwarming scene, reconcile, exemplifying the love and the bond of sister. i sent the letters. i'm gonna kill you. kitty does not die because this movie is rated pg-13. and it's because of that rating that the jacuzzi sex tape isn't really a jacuzzi sex tape. but does get taken down thanks to margot. laura then decides to face her adversary, the bully who she's had all this time in the bathroom. or i thought she was gonna walk in with a mop and give her 13 reasons why she shouldn't be messing with her. but in instead, the audio gets all wonky. but the fact that a girl did, i mean, that's despicable. y'all run out of a budget for the audio. or even though laura is scared of driving, she decides that her love for peter is stronger than anything else. she grabs the keys, she starts the car, pulls out, it runs him over. now, i'm just kidding. she pulls up to his practice with the best parking job i've ever seen in my life, and rushes to the field to confess her love to him. thanks. you do you, peter kavinsky, because i'm in love with you. you do you. mr kavinsky, by the end, they come together, proving that you should always speak your mind and send that letter, or else you'll never get the message across to the person you love, except for like that random dude who appears at the end. thank you guys for checking out this video. i'm curious to know your thoughts, like i said, you know, sometimes we want to see movies in theaters. crazy rich asians. it hit that. but sometimes you just want to see good movies. and if netflix allows you to do that, then, boom. i i'm pretty sure that they're funding all three of them, especially after all the buzz that this movie got. i know you guys really wanted to see me cover it, so if there's any other recommendations, definitely let me know down below in the comment section. i i thought this one was pretty good. i think it's one of the better films that netflix has made. clearly in the top five just of 2018 alone. but if there are any other good ones, definitely let me know down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and you'll never be second best. 