detective recap. here today, i'm going to explain a drama film called lolita. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. humbert humber drives along the u.s countryside, a bobby pin in his bloodstained hand and equally bloodstained gun in his backseat. he thinks about a young girl. and though she's known by many names, from lota dolores, she will always be lolita. in his arms. as his tearful and unblinking eyes stare ahead, he thinks of her as the light of his life, fire of his loins, his sin and his soul. humbert attributes lolita's existence to a certain annabelle. she died shortly after he fell in love with her when they were teenagers. though the child he loved was gone, he kept looking for her. even as he grew into adulthood, humber accepted a teaching post at an american college. and since he had a free summer before the fall semester, he decided to finish a textbook he was writing. he makes his way to his accommodation, and there, a widow named charlotte hayes greets him after showing him her messy home charlotte leads him to the garden. while she's proudly showing him her lilies. humbert becomes wholly transfixed by the sight of her daughter, lo lo is lying on the grass on her stomach, flipping through a book while their sprinkle drizzles her. when low notices him, she flashes him a smile, showing off her retainers and highlighting her young age of 14. being the sick man that he is, humbert is immediately enchanted, and he asks charlotte how much his room is. days pass and humbert wistfully and secretly watches childish and dance and music obsessed low, who seems completely disinterested in him. from his room, he can see the bathroom, and from there, he can see low's bedroom. he watches her mother bicker with her, and he watches her idol around. humbert prays for an accident, a calamity that would eliminate charlotte and everyone around them, so he can have lolita in his arms. while humbert's working on his textbook, one day, low heads inside his room to bother him. she stands behind his desk, then sits on his lap without warning, just to stick the gum she's been chewing on to his notebook. low gives him a defiant look at first, then asks him if she's getting a zit. this warms humber, and he tells her that she looks perfect to him. humbert happily smiles when low shows him her wobbling chin. but the girl promptly stands up and rushes out of his room. when she hears charlotte call for humber. before charlotte could see him, he hurdly takes low's gum from his notebook to chew it himself, removing any evidence of her being there. after some time, charlotte makes low packer things for camp, then boarding school right afterward. low refuses to cooperate. and when charlotte snaps that everyone, humbert included, thinks it's a good idea, low grabs her doll and storms out of her room. she makes sure to strike humber's arm when she passes him, calling him a double crosser. when it's time for low to leave, she bickers endlessly with her mother as they head to the car, but she makes sure to give their maid louise, a loving hug just as low gets in the car. she spots humbert watching her from the window. much to her mother's annoyance, lo runs back to their home, then up the stairs so she can jump for humber. low wraps her legs and arms around him, then kisses him softly. she pulls away shortly, and without another word, she runs back to the car, and they drive off. as for humber, he rushes straight to lowe's room, then dives into her closet. but when he hears louise calling out to him, he immediately straightens up to meet her. she gives him a letter, and when he reads it, he discovers that it's from charlotte, professing her love to him. she says that she wants him out when she gets home, because if he stays, it would only mean that he wants to be her husband and lowe's father. of course, it's that very last part that reels humbered in. and on the various collages stuck to lowe's wall, there's a magazine clipping of a father embracing his daughter with the letters hh enclosed in a heart. this hints that low longs for a father too. the two get married two weeks after, with low absent from the ceremony. though charlotte is very affectionate with humber he remains dismissive of her. six weeks into their marriage, humbert successfully avoids most of his husbandly duties by feeding charlotte sleeping pills. one day, humbert comes home to find charlotte crying. it turns out that she had read his diary, where he called her a fat cow, old and stupid and obnoxious, among many things. furious and distraught, charlotte calls him a despicable, criminal monster. she promises to leave, and when she does, she swears that humbert will never see the miserable brat of a daughter again. humbert is left bewildered, unsure at all of what to do. he tries to tell her that the writing is from a novel he's working on, but when she doesn't buy it, he goes to fix them up a drink. when he returns, he answers their ringing phone. the caller tells him that his wife had been killed outside their home. charlotte had been hit by a car. a child hands humbert the letters, explaining that she was going to mail them when she got hit. dazed, humbert accepts the letters and heads back to their house where he can stop pretending that he cares for his wife's death. after some time, humbert packs up lowe's clothes, then drives to camp to pick her up. when she sees him, she smiles brightly as she greets humber calling him dad. while in their car, lo asks him how her mother is, and with some uncertainty, humbert says that the doctors aren't sure and that it's something abdominal. lo then proceeds to go to the back of the car to get changed, while the perverse humbert watches through the rear-view mirror. once low's back in the shotgun seat, humbert pulls her clothes to kiss the top of her head, telling her that he missed her. low sneers as she retorts that she didn't miss him, before snuggling closer again to taunt him about how she was revoltingly unfaithful to him. she continues about how it doesn't matter since he doesn't care about her anyway. when humbert asks what gave her the idea, she answers that he hasn't kissed her yet. in response, humbert pulls over. he lets lo get on his lap, and the two of them share a heated kiss, only stopping when a cop car pulls over beside them. the officer asks if they saw a blue sedan, but when lo crawls over humbert's lap to give her playful answers, the cop thanks them awkwardly, then drives away. the two later arrive at a hotel. while humber speaks with the receptionist, lo gets on the ground and starts crawling to a dog to play with it, mischievously. the dog's owner is a wealthy and much older man clad in a pristine suit. the moment she laid her eyes on him, lo becomes wholly intrigued by the stranger. the enigmatic man says that the dog likes her, but he doesn't like everybody. when lo asks who the dog likes, he says that he can smell when people are sweet, and that he likes nice, sweet young people just like her. low gives him a sly smile in response. humbert leads low to their hotel room, and once inside, she asks him incredulously if they'll be sharing the same room, in the same bed. humbert tries to reason that he can take the cot as she'd like. and as low slumps down on the chair, she calls him crazy with a dismissive and uncaring tone. she talks about her mother divorcing him and strangling her, as she finds out, humbert sits on the bed, attempting to explain to her that as her father, he's responsible for her welfare, and since they're not rich, they're bound to share the same room when they travel. understanding where this is going, low gets up and prances around, while humbert struggles to tell her what happens to two people when they share a room. low casualty finishes for him, saying that the word is incest. after checking into their room, the two later have dinner. low gestures to one of the men in the booths, claiming that he's watching them. it's the dog owner from the lounge, and she identifies him as the playwright quilty. later that night, the two are back in their hotel room, and humbert's removing low shoes and socks. with heavy eyes and a quiet voice. she wants to tell him about how naughty and disgusting she was at camp, but humbert insists that she tells him tomorrow. instead, he will go downstairs for a while, and when he comes back, he wants to find her asleep. before he leaves, low bids him a good night, dad. when hubbard arrives at the hotel's porch, he hears quilty, as he rocks in his chair, speak, where in the devil did you get her? he asks. but when humbert asks what he said, he tells him that the weather is getting better. he then asks who the girl is. and when humber tells him that she's his daughter, quilty tells him that he lies, she's not. but when he repeats himself, he says that july was hot. after discovering that low's mother is dead, he invites them to have lunch with him. humbert politely declines, and before he leaves, quilty tells him, quite knowingly, that his child needs a lot of sleep. humbert returns to their room, and he lies on the tiny portion of the bed that low's not sprawled onto. come next morning, low wakes up and blows on his face. she kisses him softly and sloppily, before whispering something in his ear, prompting humber to reiterate if she really played that with charlie, someone she met at camp. lo asks if he never tried it when he was a kid. and when he says he hasn't, lo supposes that she'll have to show him everything. she removes her retainers and undoes humber's pajama pants, bringing him to pure bliss. they leave the hotel by car, and after some failed attempts at conversation, a pensive humber laments about how uncomfortable he's grown, as if he's sitting next to the ghost of someone he just killed. lo asks if they can stop at a gas station, then anguishes about hurting inside. she asks him what he expected, since she was a daisy fresh girl. then lo muses about calling the police to tell them he forced himself on her. before breaking into a grin, the two playfully swatted each other. and when they arrive at the gas station, low rushes to the store. when low comes back, she asks humbert for coins so she can call her mother. humbert's pensive expression turns somber, and he instructs her to sit in the car again. after she closes the door, humbert finally tells her that her mother is dead. that night, the two lay in separate beds. low cries in wales, grieving and despairing over her lost mother. eventually, the still-sobbing girl makes her way to humbert's bed, and he takes her into his arms, trying to comfort her. humbert claims that they made up very gently that night and that she had nowhere else to go. from then on, they started traveling extensively all over the country. one hot morning in an inn, low and humbert make love on a chair while lowe's reading comics. but after some time, lo takes on a sullen face. when she's finally alone, she glares it then ignores humber as he checks on her until she leaves her bee. later, asara filled, low weeps, time passes and humbert visits beardsley prep school so he may enroll his pretend daughter. there he speaks with the administration, and they emphasize that, unlike beardsley college, where humbert will teach, in beardsley prep prioritizes dramatics, dancing and dating. by dating, they mean boys. humbert is, of course, perturbed. after some days, lo tells humbert that she wants to participate in a play, but humbert refuses. with an even voice, lo protests that he's depriving her of her civil rights, but humbert dismisses it, asking her where she heard that language. after calmly asserting that she's intelligent, she makes her way to humber to sit on the floor before him. she uses her foot to rock the man on his chair, telling him that she has the right to be in a play if she wanted to, which humbert retorts with, not if he says she doesn't. with that, lo starts toying with humber's lap. and, knowing fully well that he likes that, she bargains both her allowance and her involvement in the play. in return, humber gets more. while low is rehearsing for her role as a witch in the school play, one of the schoolgirls, mona, speaks with humber she directs his attention to a watching man smoking by the exit, saying that it's clear quilty. the actual playwright, according to humbert, loh, has grown colder to his advances, leading him to purchase her favors instead. in the middle of their intimate engagement, low attacks him, while he tries to take his money back from her, saying he shouldn't pay extra in the middle. he doesn't know where she hides the money, but he's certain she's saving up to escape from him. humbert starts growing uneasy and paranoid. he's afraid that low told the principal about their relationship, so when she mentions she has a complete disinterest in intimate matters, he feels completely anxious. at home, humbert confronts low about missing piano practice and possibly telling her friend about their relationship. their back and forth grows heated when humber slaps her feet off the table. low's calm and petulant facade melts away, especially when he tried to grab her wrist. she calls him a pervert, yelling at him to leave her alone. low admits to trying to run from him and that anyone would run away from him. but when she shrieks that she earned her money, humbert slaps her, taking the both of them aback. humbert is speechless at first, and lo starts ordering him to murder her. she grows more and more frantic, telling him to murder her like he murdered her mother, over and over again. lo starts breaking down, sobbing that she's asking him to murder her. humber could only tell her to shut up. and lo starts frantically hitting him, yelling that she hates him. when hubbard attempts to pacify her by holding her, low only grows hysterical. she breaks free for him and makes a run for it, sobbing and shrieking murderer as she runs down the stairs. upon reaching the ground, she takes a bike and rides it out into the rainy city, with humber trying to follow her. at night, humbert finally finds low in a shop. they journey back home, and lo, who had been plotting her escape just hours before, tells him that she wants to leave beardsley now and take another trip instead, only this time she will choose where to go. the following day, the pseudo-father-daughter pair departs from beardsley and embarks to wherever. low, once she marks a map with her lipstick so humbert knows where to go. but as they're driving along, humbert notices that someone's following them. he gives low the car's license plate to write down, and tells her that a detective's following him, and he looks rather like his uncle gustav. low dismissively continues to eat her banana in response. their pursuer was smart, humbert notes inwardly. he kept changing cars, and there were days when he'd disappear, leaving him to wonder if he imagined things. one day, humbert stops at a gas station. and inside the shop, he's trying on some sunglasses. when he looks out the window, he sees lo talking to a black clad man wearing a hat. and by the time humbert had rushed out, the man is gone. apprehensive, humbert gets in the car and asks lo about him, and she explains that he asked if they had a map as they set off. humbert tells her that the man was the cop who had been tailing them. but lowe remains unfazed and uncaring, since humbert's the only one who's guilty there. the two eventually stay in and in again, and humber leaves low to get her bananas. while he gets a haircut in the barbershop. he hears from the radio that claire quilty will be in waste texas that night. anxious, humbert returns to the inn and finds low sitting down, her feet dirty and her lipstick smeared. spiraling to paranoia, humbert looks out the window and sees the same car following them outside. and when he looks back at lowe, who's been watching him, she flashes him a mocking smile. suddenly, humbert pushes low to the bed, gets on top of her and starts demanding to know who it is. he roughly opens low shirt and has his way with her, while begging to know who the man is. lo only laughs and laughs at him, and humbert only grows more desperate. he keeps begging and groveling. in between their sloppy kisses, low keeps laughing, leaving him on the verge of tears. a heavy storm wakes hummered up. he is still naked, disoriented, and everything is stretching and slanting out of proportion. humbert's scared, delusional, almost. and it isn't until he washes his face that he grasps a semblance of normalcy again. from his luggage, he takes his gun out, and with it in his hand, he stares at nothing in particular they leave. and on a rainy night, they stop by another end. as the woman shows humber to their room, they notice low sitting on the ground, pale and shivering. in the hospital, the doctor tells humber that it's just a virus and assures him that it's nothing serious. humbert wants to stay there with her, but the doctor currently insists that it's better if he goes, since it won't help if he catches it. the next morning, humbert calls the hospital to ask how low is doing, and the nurse tells him that she woke up without a fever, and they let her go with her uncle gustav. for months on end, humbert searches far and wide for his nymphat, as he would call her. he goes from into inn hotel to hotel. he's learned to recognize the kidnapper's handwriting, but eventually the trail goes dead and cold. and back to cold and dead beardsley he goes. three years later, humbert receives a letter. it opens with, dear dad, how's everything? i'm married. i'm going to have a baby. a tear falls down humbert's face as he reads the letter. and there, low asks him for money. she and her husband don't have enough to pay their debts and leave for alaska, where her husband got promised a job. the letter ends with low saying she's gone through so much sadness and hardship, and she signs it off with dolly, mrs richard f. schiller. humbert drives to the address and he finds a dusty, worn down home. he goes to the door, and finally he's reunited with low. once more, she's no longer dolled up like she used to be, her hair in a simple ponytail and her belly large with another man's child. low smiles brightly, greets him as dad and lets him in. humbert walks around their messy home and sees her husband through the back door, working on some electric wires. he looks closer to her age, and humbert knows that he's not the man he's looking for. he asks her for her kidnapper. and when lo gets a cigarette, instead of telling him, he starts walking out the door. finally, she tells him that it was clear quilty. with a dreamy smile, low remarks about how he was the only man she was ever really crazy about and when hubbard asks, what about me? low seems to grow upset at humbert's insistence. she tells him about how everyone knew quilty liked little girls, and then he filmed them in his mansion. but since she refused to service groups of men because she wanted quilty instead, he threw her out. as humbert looks at her, he knew as clearly as he knew he will die, that he loves her more than anything he'd ever seen or imagined on earth. he follows her to the living room, and with low sitting on the floor, humbert finally calls her lolita. he asks her to make the 25 steps with him to the old car she knows so well. lo asks if he's saying that he'll give them money if she goes to a motel with him. but humber quickly tells her that he wants her to leave the place and live, die and everything with him. lo could only call him crazy. but humbert insists that she can still have the money even if she refuses. he smilingly gives her the envelope, and she finds four thousand dollar bills there. but humbert starts to cry while watching her go through the money with a smile. low tries to reach for him and thank him, but he backs away, saying he'll die if she touches him. for his last rasp at hope, humber asks if there's a chance she'll come with him, but she tells him matter of factly, she'd almost rather go back with claire. humbert begins to take his leave, and when he asks her if she can ever forget what he did to her, lo only tells her dog to say goodbye to her dad. humbert dejectively returns to his car, and from there, he sees low waving him goodbye. for a moment, he pictures lois as lolita from three years ago, dulled up and waving playfully. humbert finds himself in quilty's lavish manner. afterward, despite humbert's presence, cruelty remains unbothered, even as he brought out a gun. humbert introduces himself as low's father, and quilty continues to speak casually with humbert, as if unaware of the gravity of the situation. it isn't until humbert shoots awfully close to him that he starts treating this a touch more seriously. quilty manages to run away, and he bolts to a room with a piano to play it. humbert shoots his back, but he's run out of bullets by then, so he quickly reloads. while the bloody quilty staggers to the hallway. humbert shoots him repeatedly, and the man falls to the ground. however, he isn't dead yet, and he still finds it in him to crawl to his room and onto his bed. there, humbert finally delivers his final shot. a hopelessly devastated humbert. humbert drives along the u.s countryside, a bobby pin in his bloodstained hand and an equally bloodstained gun in his backseat, with the police on his tail and another group of officers blocking his way, humbert swerves to a field as a surrender. humbert leaves his car, and before the police could take him, he overlooks a village where he could hear the melody of children at play. he thinks that the hopelessly poignant thing was not lolita's absence from his side, but the absence of her voice from the chorus humbert died in prison of coronary thrombosis on november 16 1950. a month later, lolita died in childbirth on christmas day. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 