hello movie fans, and welcome back to another full movie recap with movie reveals. in today's video, we're going to break down the brilliant sci-fi movie called the abyss. warning guys, spoiler alert. yes, i'm afraid i'm going to spill the beans about what the movie is about, including all the best bits, of which there are many. but that's half the fun with my recaps. you know that already at least you can then decide whether you want to watch the whole movie or not. if you like good sci-fi with a good cast, then this movie will definitely please. now, before i start with a recap, i just want to say that this movie won the academy award for best visual effects and was nominated for three more academy awards. now for the recap, and by the way, feel free to comment below. also, don't forget to share some love by smashing the like button. the montana, a u.s navy nuclear missile submarine operating deep in the cayman trough in the caribbean sea, encounters an unidentified submerged object moving at high speed. the object passes very close to the submarine, and the vessel loses power. power is restored after a few moments. however, the sub has drifted too close to the underwater canyon wall, skimming it and throwing off the sub's trajectory. an officer is able to launch the sub's emergency beacon before the sub collides head-on with another rock wall and floods, sinking further and killing the entire crew. as soviet ships and submarines head toward the area in an attempt to salvage the sub and its missiles. and with the hurricane moving in, the americans decide that the quickest way to mount a rescue is for a u.s navy seal team to be inserted onto a privately owned experimental underwater oil drilling platform the deep core, which they will then use as their base of operations. the platform's designer and chief engineer, dr lindsey brigman, is furious at the notion of her rig being commandeered for the mission. her estranged husband, bud brigman, is the foreman of the platform. however, benthic petroleum, the riggs financier, has already agreed to cooperate with the navy and has promised the rig's crew substantial bonus pay. lindsay herself travels down to the rig with the seal team to oversee the operation personally. after eight hours in a compression chamber, lindsay and the seal team emerge. no one, however, sees that seal leader coffee has developed high pressure nervous syndrome. when he has a slight hand tremor, he steadies his hand and joins the rest of the crew. lindsay and bud promptly begin arguing with each other, revealing that they are a separated, married couple. bud becomes furious and throws his wedding band into a chemical toilet. he relents after a few moments and fishes it out, staining his hand blue with the toilet's sanitation fluid. the reagan seal teams prepare to investigate the submarine wreck. one of the seals shows crew members, hippie and catfish, a high-tech underwater breathing system that uses oxygenated fluid instead of air. the system allows its wearer to survive at extreme ocean depths without succumbing to the intense water pressure. coffee himself leaves the entire operation, issuing orders and amberly reprimanding the roughneck crew when they begin joking with each other. while searching the sub for survivors, the collective team encounters strange creatures they can't identify, the same beings that inadvertently cause the submarine to sink. lindsay, piloting one of the rigs three minute subs, experiences the same type of power loss that the montana did while searching a compartment on the montana bud's partner, jammer, the rig crew's biggest member, sees a strange glowing creature. in panics. when he tries to escape the chamber, he damages a valve on his breathing apparatus and begins to convulse. blood and his comrades are able to save jammer. the accident puts him in a coma. as the storm intensifies, coffee and his team communicate with their commanding officer on the surface, who tells them that a russian attack sub was detected in the area. the team is ordered to retrieve a trident missile warhead from the montana and armour as a contingency if the russians get too close to the montana. coffee and the seals take the rig's largest minisub without authorization. using the sub's large mechanized arm, they are able to open a launch door of the montana and extract one of the tritons. however, the minnesota they commandeered was the only vehicle capable of disconnecting the station's umbilical cord to its parent surface ship, the benthic explorer. upon their return, the seals removed the warhead and turned the sub over to its pilot one night, who takes it out in an attempt to disconnect the umbilicus. by this time, the explorer is in the middle of the hurricane and being tossed violently by powerful winds and waves generated by the storm. the ship's motion makes it impossible, for one knight, to disconnect the cable, which is jerking about with such power that it begins to drag the station along the bottom towards the cayman trough. the stress of the cable causes the derrick crane that supports the station to break away from the ship, momentarily stopping the station's slide towards the trench. however, the heavy crane sinks toward the reagan bud gives the order to brace for the impact. the crane lands on the bottom, narrowly missing the rig. the crew are temporarily relieved that the crane didn't hit the rig. however, it rolls into the chasm and the rig is violently yanked towards the precipice, causing massive damage and flooding, killing six of the station's crew, one of the seal team and injuring several of the surviving crew and seals. the rig is not pulled into the trench, stopping a few feet short of the drop off. tensions mount as the platform has lost contact with the surface, and anger of the crew towards the seals intensifies over the deaths of their friends and co-workers. the crew begins to experience more strange encounters from what appear to be underwater beings referred to as non-terrestrial intelligences, or ntis, by hippie, which the paranoid coffee determines to be a threat. while activating oxygen tanks outside the rig, lindsey encounters one of the smaller probes she's spotted while at the submarine, and then a much larger and brilliantly illuminated vehicle, which she touches. as both vehicles sputter out of sight into the chasm. she is able to get a few pictures. when she shows the pictures to the crew, they're quite astonished, but seem to believe her story, but takes her aside, thinking she may be having hallucinations. but she assures him that she isn't, nor is she suffering from hp s. another incident involves an encounter with a tentacle that appears to be made entirely of water, but can move like a snake. it also morphs into the faces of both lindsay and bud in an apparent attempt to communicate. when coffee finds the tentacle's origin in the rig's diving pool, he panics and closes one of the hatches, cutting it off. and the remainder sinks into the depths. when the end of the tentacle looks at him, coffee becomes even more terrified and paranoid. strapping the warhead to big geek, one of the platform's remote operated vehicles, coffee makes a fateful decision to send both of them down to the bottom of the trench where the ntis appear to be coming from. is one of his teams. skonik, forced the rig crew and lindsey into the rig's kitchen and lock them in, leaving sconic behind keep them from escaping. lindsay tries to reason with him through the door, when it suddenly opens and jammer appears, having come out of his coma and taken sconic down. meanwhile, coffee has dogged and jammed the door to the rigs sub bay and waits until it's time to launch big geek. due to the damage caused to the rig, butt and catfish have to swim to the sub bay under the rig in freezing cold water. blood makes it to the bay, having to leave cat behind in another hatch. bud tries to sneak up on coffee, intent on hitting him with a large pipe, but decides to grab the pistol coffee had tucked into his belt. [Music]. coffee spots him and tries to shoot bud, but the pistol is empty. one the seal team monk and previously unloaded the pistol. bud and coffee fight hand to hand, with coffee finally wrapping a cable around bud's neck. suddenly, cat appears and punches coffee in the face, knocking him on his back. coffee retreats to the sub and escapes, moving into a position where he can launch big geek. bud and lindsey intervene, but don's a diving soup, and chases after coffee, finally tying the runaway rov to a railing on the rig, he is picked up by lindsey piloting one of the rig's subs. after a furious chase along the sea bottom, lindsay disables both subs and stops coffee, who falls off the edge of the trough and is crushed within his submersible by the pressure. however, they cannot stop the rov from taking the warhead down into the trench. trapped in the rapidly flooding sub, lindsay orders blood to use the ship's soul diving suit to swim back to the platform, towing her body. while she will drown. she banks on the very cold water, preserving her via the mammalian diving reflex, until she can be resuscitated in the platform. a very tense situation develops while her comrades try to resuscitate her. when using emergency equipment fails, bud frantically begins to shake and even slap lindsay in an effort to bring her back. all everyone thinks is too late. but doesn't give up. miraculously, she regains consciousness, much to the relief of the entire crew. being the most qualified and strongest diver left, bud then dons the experimental diving suit given to him by the remaining seals, in which the diver breathes an oxygenated fluid instead of air. blood will be able to descend to incredible depths without injury, as his body will not be crushed by the pressure by having liquid in the lungs rather than gas. bud's mission is to dive to the bottom of the trench, two miles down, and deeper than anyone has ever gone before, and disarm the warhead before it detonates. the drop to the bottom takes a significant amount of time. the pressure does affect him, but lindsey helps him regain control by talking to him about their personal life. blood touches down and dismantles the bomb. after a few tense moments where his glow stick makes it impossible to determine the color of the wire he has to cut, he cuts the proper wire disarming the bomb. however, when he checks the gauge for the remainder of his breathing liquid, he finds that he doesn't have enough to make it back to the rig. lindsey becomes distressed, telling blood to start back, hoping they can breathe shallowly enough to make it. bud tells her, via a risk keypad that he always knew it was a one-way trip, but that he had to go to save both the platform crew and the ntis. he transmits a final heartfelt message, saying that he loves her and still considers her to be his wife. and she tells him how much she loves him. before, assuming he's dead, the ntis find bud as his oxygen runs out, and bring him onto their ship, an immense glowing city on the floor of the crevice. they provide him with air to breathe at his normal pressure and engage in silent communication with him. they then show him several television clips they have stored of humanity's destructive behavior, silently explaining that they have left humans alone, but now believe humans are too self-destructive to continue this behavior. they also show but a few current newscasts of an incredible phenomenon. along continental coasts on the surface, the ntis are using their ability to control water to form 1 000 feet high tsunamis off the coasts of every continent on earth, threatening to destroy humanity. bada asks the ntis what right they have to judge the human race. he has shown historical clips of hitler war and genocide. however, when the ntis had intercepted bud's transmission, love you, wife, they decide to stop the storm, and tsunamis, realizing humans do possess compassion for each other. back on the rig, everyone is saddened by the loss of bud and are waiting for benthic to begin a rescue operation. however, they pick up a tight message from bud, telling them that he's alive and well, and that they should brace themselves. the ntis raise their entire city from the chasm. but it is so massive it lifts most of the naval fleet patrol in the area above the water, including the explorer. the rig is also on the city, and everyone seems fine, including the underwater crew, who should have died without decompressing. hippie and lindsay conclude that the nt eyes and prevented them from experiencing the bends. lindsay sees blood emerge from the underwater city, and they rush to each other, greeting each other as a newlywed couple. would they engage in a passionate kiss the end? 