before again. let me start by saying, Oh, Disney, you got it right this time, showing the little children how life really is, full of death then, right? and death with just a little bit of hope at the end to prevent emotional scarring and keep them from wetting the bed. the stars of our movie today, ah, mr. bean, mr. Broadway, has to go tinkle, Oda, Mae brown Benson, Cheech, ferrisbueller and Darth Vader played Oscar begins with some ballin music and beautiful chanting and singing, which feels much too beautiful for some silly little cartoon, and makes the girls watching cry like little babies, and indicates that then that they about to see some serious and all the little animals from all around the land gather here today to get through this thing called life. you know, like when Duchess Catherine Duchess Megan have a baby and all the vultures gather around the hospital. except these animals ain't got no cameras, but they is royalty coming into the world. and all these knows, I just want to see him, even those little prints, maybe, but ugly. but not just one, because does that make believe the end of the King's advisor and doctor stage right? because, you know, this Hamlet, look at the little unsuspecting putted cab. it's all well and good and happy until somebody killed yo daddy, and they dangle him over the crowd, like his name Prince Jackson. and everybody pretend they ain't bitter and jealous of the Royals and weren't secretly hoping the baby look like Quasimodo dome already. violence. and uncle Scott chatted up with the Rhoden about how he's just a straggler alleycat, unworthy of any thrown the ain't porcelain because he's a pieces. he just apisa. then into the big eyed bird with a British accent to roll out the red carpet for HRH, Mufasa. and damn if the pieces don't try to eat him too. you know, Skye, he tastes better if you plucked him first, batted him up and served them with some taters and slaw, have yourself some. K, period, F, period, C, period. and Mufasa, like, spit out the bird bit and tell me why else crony T show up today to see my baby. a little I Steve Buscemi, let's copy like, oh, I forgot. please excuse me if I don't want to bow down to yo lil squirt. and Mufasa like, squirts, I don't fertilize the whole fam family. and Scott just walk off like, okay, you ain't gotta prove your manliness to me, damn. okay. I'll go in jail. and then it rains and I cry little and you think, this, why is one of the blue bootie about the BAP to has some little kitten again? but no, he's just noodling. don't be acted like you didn't know this spiritual man. don't have him a second job doing Street out on the down-low. pinned up, rich kid wakes up on his dad to take him to see his inheritance. and this is why I never having children. I am NOT interested in waking up at that crack of dawn to show my son our fine collection of five guys by the Funko pop dolls, which I will bequeath to him about my past. and Mufasa says, looks cymbal this house. yes, I know there's nothing to do but walk around all day acting like you own the damn planet, but at least we ain't old, abandoned all the Costas was me, kickin the spit out some other less handsome line to take over his harem. and then someday, if you want it, you won't have to wait until you big enough to scrap and pry my land and ladies from my cold, dead pause. are you gonna just have to hope I bought the big baboon bud and cymbals like to pick that boom boy. and we was like, yeah, that's lion slang for dying. but Jade likes alliteration and symbols. like, what about that place that looks like some where the Sun don't shine? Mufasa says, that's the crack in the big baboon, but you must never go there. simple. and then they have a little giggle about our Kings always be getting they way. and then they strut around like royalty. then they get some news from the big eyed British bird, and Mufasa runs off to tend to his kingly affairs, while his child goes unsupervised and visits the bad guy, where the bad guy talks the ignorant child into doing the damn deed his daddy done told him not to do. so Simba runs home to get his future wife /system, because I have already explained to you. Mufasa gets all the cats - cats, but not without supervision. so they create mayhem, while symbol sings how he just can't wait for his daddy to be dead, until the damn bird gets at home. and Nala kicks cymbals twice, and in the great crack of the big baboon, but three Highness introduce themselves before trying to hunt themselves down some Kitty kibble. and there's a long chain skip, and Mufasa busts up, and they're scared, and doggy Doo out them bits. and don't be up in my comments talking about hyenas. ain't goes, because if you do, I'm gonna just look at you like this on the way home. hoof, also give symbol a little fatherly talk about bravery, responsibility and how we're all stefan's. and this seam right here demonstrate for all the little, hopeful young ones just how easy it is for a psychotic, power-hungry dictator wannabe and his bloodthirsty, carnivorous minions to take over your crib for term or two. you know, they must be tiny. this comment, if you like. Prince Puss into standing on a rock in the middle of the Grand Canyon, that's in Africa, where he is to be trampled by hyena provoked wildebeests until he is dead, dead, dead, or until Scout brings Mufasa to save his dumb because, you know, kids always be doing dumb [ __ ] and respecting their parents and safer behind. I know I need to shave, and don't face me to joke here, because murders ain't funny, dummy. good times. noodle salad. and let me speed up a little bit, because I can tell by the length of this here script that this video is gonna be too damn long. after all, attention spans are shorter than they used to be. so Scott, tell somebody, don't disgrace the whole fam family. he tells the hyenas to have themselves a little Dindin on him. Vince never jumps into pokey bit. more them damn dogs falls in after him. then the damn dog comes out with some pokies in his patootie scar on his abominable administration take over and drain the place of beauty and hope enough roots arrived his garden. her figure has symbolized a no. but he's gonna wish he was dead when he learns he gonna had to spend his days with a know-it-all rat and a [ __ ] pig. Hakuna Matata, yadda yadda. never get some fartin kickback story. apparently worms make you gassy. this symbol swallows his slime is sex. baby symbol utilizes magic bug-gut protein to become sexy beast. it's just another gonna be happy to see this. look at this, cats and dogs living together, mass hysteria. and simmer misses his daddy. and I cried a little. and Rafiki, know him, some symbol stank. and you think, this wise one of the blue bootie about to baptize some little kitten again. but no, he just got the bunches. don't be acting like you didn't know this spiritual man. don't have him a little puff of some Seban a grasp on um. you know, the original title of up in smoke was Chichen Rafiki, then Allah finds the 31 Jesus look at him like, Oh, a little pig. maybe I have myself a hamlet sandwich. then Allah kicks Simba's thrives. then they happy to see each other. then the rat has a nervous breakdown, and they find out Simmons the King. this introduces his principles. and booty, didn't they have a little lover's quarrel. then somebody else is Paul. no, I mean his Paul. he was peppered his daddy. now his Tutsis never figure show up, trolling like, I know who you are, you Luke Skywalker. by then he chased the wise one of the blue buttocks who takes Simba to meet his top five daddy of dust. and all I can think is, how stupid this Seema's look in live-action. quote unquote. what this of a fine sky who kisses mama? oh, no, B you don't quit a man's mama. and just a simple about to go out in a blaze of glory, boring, bad god monologue, blabbity blah, blah, only thrown out more, there is a can that holds bowel movements. blah, blah, blabbity blah. and now I'm gonna let you know before you die. IQ joke, daddy, because it ain't fun doing dirty deeds, unless you give a cat some credit. and symbols like, well, that's like a my head. yeah, thanks for chatting. then they fight, and Rafiki pulls of Bruce Lee ki, listen, bucko knows the scared of cat and sober like, Scott, get to come on out of here and take with you your tiny hot wieners. get it turning hot wieners. then they fight again, but simple kicks is very kitty, fed into the dogs, who ain't too happy about Scarlett and Simba talk smack about their missing manlihood. and then he get eight, and don't talk to me about sequels, because as far as I'm concerned, Oh, Scott, my story ends here. then it rains and I cry a little, and the simple gives old wise one of the blue behind a big embrace. oh, no, no, no, I'm just laying is where he realize it still? oh, no, no, no, I'm just playing for real this time. no, really. this was where's was it raw? and all the nosy neighbors coming hopes that Simba and ullas maybe look like Gary Busey. but is little bit cute too, because this is make-believe. die. and don't be sure to LIKE share and subscribe for your regular roar of myth. and now a little ditty about some special patrons. david. d JK whiskey. Gabriella, see David. M Oh Anne, I am Melanie M John. why Justin be David. see Donna. G dizzy. Brandon. CT, Michelle w PT FJ Razdan w Caro, s Kelly, s and Grady. oh, no, she around. is fast. my dad's home. so how about over to patreon and give me some names to ask so I can finish my yet. you can expect me upload more videos on hashtag meh Friday, except when they own hashtag MEF Tuesday, which don't really have the same ring to it. says, unlike tacos. myth, don't start with a tea. for more is explained for I'm Jeb. Oh, die. don't 