hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the story of the movie lucy 2014. hit the subscribe button and get daily new videos. the name of the heroine is lucy. in this movie, her friend is a drug dealer and a corrupt person. he continues the wrongdoing. he has a briefcase, and he says to lucy, take this back. he says, pointing out to a hotel. give this briefcase to someone going into that hotel. we will get 1 000 after doing only this work. lucy says, one thousand dollars for this little work? she refused to do it. then her friend snaps a handcuff around his wrist, while other side of handcuff is locked with a bag which cannot be unlocked. he says to her, you will have to go inside somehow. she goes inside and informs receptionist about those with whom she is here to meet. and they come outside. her friend receives a gunshot when he is looking at her from outside, and he is dead. seizing lucy, they take lucy inside. after taking her in the room, they make lucy sit on the chair. they ask her to open this briefcase. speaking it, they hide themselves. lucy also asks, is there any destructive thing in it? why has everyone hit him? they reply, the person who gave you this briefcase is unreliable. then they tell him a coat of luck, which is the requirement of unlocking the briefcase. she unlocks the briefcase after setting its code. there are four packets of cph4 drug. they ask what is inside it? lucy replies, there are four blue packets filled with a type of powder. they ask lucy, coming in front of her, will you serve us? but lucy says no. as a result, a man punches her face, and she loses her conscious coming into senses, she finds herself operated by someone. her abdomen is stripped. she thinks if someone has removed her kidney or another body part. then a man tells him, there is no removal of any body part. one of the four packets has been sowed in your abdomen, and you will have to go there where we send you. this packet will be removed from your abdomen, releasing you. now lucy does not want to work for them, but she has no option because they are drug smugglers, and don't think before taking the life of anyone. now, three more men are brought there, and the remaining drug packets are sowed into their abdomens. they inform them, you will all have to give these drug packets reaching a place. afterwards you are free. if anyone tried to cheat with us, we have your family addresses. we will end them. they are taken separately. after covering their faces with cloth, there are two standing men before lucy. when a cloth is uncovered from her mouth, she is chained by them, while one of them tries to disgrace lucy. when lucy begins to escape, she is beaten on her abdomen by that person. it was the place where drug was sewed. so that packet is opened in her stomach. this drug is too dangerous. on the other side, a scientist is shown delivering his lecture on the topic brain. he says, man has only used 10 of his brain till now. he changed this world using this 10. he stepped on the moon, invented aircraft and mobile afterwards, he says, there is a thing which uses 20 of its brain, and it is a dolphin. they are intelligent in using 20 of brain. they also communicate with one another. he tells later, human beings will be able to know about their whole body if they use 20 of their brain. contrarily, lucy's mind is more activated because of blowing up the packet of drug in her stomach. now her brain has started working at 20. she immediately sits on the chair, and the same person comes there who had kicked her abdomen. lucy is at ease because of her hyperactive brain. she does not want to get more harm. showing any insensible act, she hits a blow to that man when he comes near her. then, taking the placed gun on the table, she kills him, leaving that place. then she moves to the hospital. the reason to come here is this is a drug packet has blown up in her stomach. packet is still not blown up completely in her stomach. there is still something in the packet. doctors are operating a patient there, observing everything on the screen. she kills that man, taking out her gun. doctor says, be relaxed. i start operation. she reveals many things to her mother through a call during the operation. her mother is surprised, saying, how can you remember such things? because she is telling the memories of her childhood, when she was below one year. lucy's mind is more activated, triggering all memories. now lucy disconnects the call. and doctors have taken out that packet from her stomach. she asks doctor, how much drug has been left in this packet? doctor replies, half packet. then she asks, how much time will the remained drug effect in my body? the doctor says, at first i should know about it. she replies, cph4 drug. doctor is shocked hearing it. doctor says, it is like atomic bomb. and i had also heard that someone is going to make its synthetic substance, but it is incredible for me to think as it has been made. i am unable to believe that you are alive if cph4 has blown up in your body. now lucy moves to that person who had sewed the drug in her abdomen. she asks, where have you sent other three packets? tell me, but he does not reveal. then, placing her hand on his brain side, she gets awareness about the location where the packets have been sent. the country's names are rome, paris and america. afterwards, lucy leaves for her house. there is her friend. she asks her friend, may i use your computer? she searches through internet about that scientist who has been researching on the brain. she says to professor through a call, i want to talk to you. i have read the content of your research. professor laughs, saying, whole research. you know how many pages have been written by me? she says, 6734 pages. i have drug in my stomach and my mind has more activated. the professor is socked. she says, i am using 28 brain of my body. i have maximum 24 hours for my survival. i will die soon, and i will be able to use 100 brain of mind. i can control my body with others, others mobile in different phones. now, lucy says, i don't feel pain. i have no desire. she tells physics, mathematics and science knowledge is penetrating in me. what should i do? professor says, transmit this knowledge to the coming generation. after that, lucy says to professor, i will come to you within 24 hours. now, lucy moves to take other three packets. meanwhile, lucy's superpower of brain is also shown as she makes the others fly in the air. here, a police officer supports her, taking the drug packets from them. she is ready to visit the professor. professor and his companions are waiting for her. there, lucy reveals the information about mathematics and science, leaving them astonished. at the same time, the owners of drug packets arrive there. the police officer says, i will not be able to stop them for a long time because they are armed. lucy says, it is a time of valediction. i will have to absorb the other three packets into my stomach. professor asks her, are you thinking it right in your part? lucy replies, yes, then i will be able to use 100 of my brain. later, i will give you my possessed store of knowledge, after making it supercomputer so that people may use it. then she absorbs all three packets into her body, and her brain begins to work fast. and she transforms all present electronic machines there into a supercomputer. now lucy uses 99 of her brain. she starts space-time traveling. and time is under her control. she travels into past. first of all, she encounters the ancient people in later, dinosaur and the first man on this planet. then she observes the creation of the world. lucy comes back. then a hooligan who had sowed drug in her abdomen comes at the back side to shoot her. lucy is disappeared as he shoots her. meanwhile, police officer kills that vagabond coming there. afterwards, lucy's maid supercomputer gives a black flash drive to the professor. the whole knowledge had been stored into this drive by lucy. the police officer asks, where are you? suddenly, a message is received in his mobile i am everywhere. like and comment. visit our channel for more videos. you 