[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, and after this episode, i think i might need to crown jules as the most complicated character in the euphoria cast. throughout the first season, she was very much viewed as an almost toxic villain that was a big liability. hell, they even start her solo episode with the song liability by lord. and it's clear this is very much how the audience views her and she views herself. however, after this entry, i don't think that anyone can deny that the show completely flipped the script and showed that in life, when it comes to addiction, there's never really any winners, just losers. we're gonna be breaking it all down in this video, but if you missed us going over part one and need a quick recap, then that will be linked in the pinned comment below. there'll also be heavy spoilers here. and this is something that you should experience yourself firsthand, without some annoying british dude telling you what happened beforehand and ruining it. anyway, if you have seen it, thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into part two. okay, so part one was very much a therapy session with rue that dug into not only her relapse, but also how, if she continued on this path, that it was destined to only go one way. it was an extremely cathartic experience. and we see jules going through a very similar sort of thing, but in a much more formal setting. she has been brought home by her father after running away, and is having to face up to what she is in a very by-the-book sort of way. now this actually shows the key differences between rue and jewels themselves. they are opposites in many ways, and though that leads further into their attraction, it's clear that rue will have a completely different experience to what jules does. they are very much on other sides of the track. and this was, of course, symbolized by the heartbreaking finale at the end of the first season. we opened with duels, played by hunter schaefer, looking very angry. and throughout this episode we see almost a collage of things that have made her this way. these, at one point, even play out on her eyeballs. and it's almost like seeing her life flashing before her eyes in a way that showcases she's somewhat of a passenger in this journey. in part one, rue very much blamed jules for her issues. but as we discovered, she was very much to blame herself. i feel the same in many ways with jules. and throughout the first season, she was very much someone who was loving to be the person that she thought she should be to make others like and accept her. this was seen in her online flirting with men. and in the opening monologue, she states that she became infuriated with them because she realized that she was building her entire self around what she thought that men desired. her transitional journey in this episode very much takes an alternate path as she re-examines who she really is, and, more importantly, who she wants to become. jules was very much living a lie in some ways, whereas rue was more accepting of the person that she truly was. however, this came with issues. and rue was also a burden on the character because she placed her sobriety in her control. jules wasn't really ready for this, on top of everything else. and in many ways, the pair becoming separated was quite liberating for her. both dr nichols and ali do a fantastic job of bringing the pair back down to earth. and throughout the season, we've watched as they pretty much live in an almost manufactured reality made up of pure fantasy. even season 1 ended with a music video, rather than being the truth of the matter, which is that rue was relapsing. and therefore this motif is very much laced in the show. jules has been part of the same sort of scenario and has been living in a fantasy in which she forced her life to be a certain way in order to live up to the expectations of others. there's a really powerful line when she says that she feels like real life is always such a letdown. and this clearly paints out the psychological state of her mind. jules clearly found online relationships better than the real thing, especially because she could manipulate the fantasy to her own liking. however, the truth about tyler coming out was completely horrifying, and she would have rather remained in the fabrication than to have experienced this terror first hand. this further ties into the idea that she wants to live in a controlled environment. that is exactly the way she can fake it. and so on. she says the best sex she ever had was through sexting. and this is because it was pure imagination, not something that existed with any tangibility. throughout the session, she also examines her own femininity and almost tries to map out the best way to transition, to become the person that she needs to be, rather than the person that she wanted to it becomes clear that, though she never really stated until now, jules has very much been crying out for help, but up until this first therapy session, she simply hasn't got it. jules even states that she prays to the ocean, in a scene that is probably worth winning an emmy for alone. now this mirrors rue, as in part one, she said that she was an atheist that found a higher power in things. well, exactly like the ocean. jules states, for her that transitioning is spiritual. and the two are going on parallel journeys in several ways, due to the absence of a parental figure. now jules's mother becomes a big talking point, and it becomes clear that jules turned to herself and the elements rather than to her jules's mother, amy, is also an addict, and in retrospect, it massively changes how we view both rue and jules's relationship. she created an imbalance in their love, and the self-centered mother who couldn't see her own addiction affected her child, has clearly been repeated through the actions of jewels. we learned that around the time of the halloween party that her mother relapsed. and this massively changed how i think jewels comes across. so far, throughout all of euphoria, everything has pretty much always been through the eyes of rue and jules has been a goal rather than a character who we're able to understand and relate to. we realize that jules actually does love rue, but that she was scared that she loved her too much. and due to her relationship with her mother, she knew that there was a huge potential for heartbreak there, which she didn't feel strong enough to go through again. now this new information that we get, not only about her mother, but also the other aspects of her life, completely recontextualize certain things and lead us to having a better appreciation for why jules ran away. it's clear she didn't want to go back to this whole cycle where a female figure was burdening themselves upon her. and i think that she was worried about history repeating itself through jules, continuing the cycle. you can totally understand why she didn't get off the train to be withdrew, and it makes the character so much more relatable. we sort of see a continuation of the fantasy from last time and reveal that it would have led to rue oding because of the cycle that they existed in. the episode culminates with ruined jewels coming face to face once more, before the former goes to meet ali. as we know, she received an i love you text from her, but the events that would follow show that perhaps they aren't meant to be together. it's a really tearful reunion, and rather than facing things head-on and what they've been through real leaves before the pair can really confront what's going on between them. they clearly need each other, but neither can bear to be here again. and much like the ending of part one, we close out staring at our protagonists through a rain-soaked window as the world closes in around them. it's such a bitter way to close things out, and you really get the feeling that the things they've been through together might have pushed a wedge further between them. overall, though, this was an incredible episode, yet again. and i actually prefer these character focused entries over the main season. and i wish i'm bad admitting that, but i don't know why. i just think that the pandemic has actually pushed the writing to be more personable, and they've managed to do a lot more with a lot less. euphoria deserves all the emmys right now. and this was another incredible entry that i'd love to hear your thoughts on. now, don't forget that on the 30th of january, we're giving away three copies of the hobbit and lord of the rings, 4k box sets to our subscribers. all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video. make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. the links to our socials are in the description. and you can also support the channel by clicking the join button. and as a thank you, you get videos like this early. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of part 1, which will be linked on screen right now. we went over the entire thing. and with this episode, i think a lot of the scenes in it have a lot more weight to them. so it's definitely worth checking out if you're coming off the back of this. if not, then thank you for sitting through the video. as always, i've been paul. you've been the best. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 