welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka the mega fan of HBO. that's gonna put you in the HP. no yet. these catchphrases are terrible. Westworld season 3 is back with its second entry. and throughout this video, we're going to be recapping the plot, discussing our theories on what's going on and giving our thoughts on where the season could be going in the future. we'll also be discussing the cooler old Jurassic Park and Game of Thrones Easter eggs that pop up in the entry. so if you miss them, and this is the video for you, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the show yet and don't want anything ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel, as we will be breaking down the entire season. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into a breakdown. Westworld, season 3, episode 2. ok. so if you didn't stick around for last week's post-credit scene, and judging by the 50% drop off of audiences, you probably didn't, then you might not have any idea what's going on in this episode. last time we picked up with mave who had woken up in an Italian villa in the middle of war world. we're gonna be calling it best world in this episode. that is about it, but I'm not mentioning that again. and this 1940's setting completely juxtaposed the futuristic town of the first episode. in war world, she's joined by hectare. however, whilst Maeve wants to escape from the park, we soon realized that Hector is just playing a part in a loop, and he's just trying to save Mae from the German forces. Maeve was killed and captured at the end of season 2, and she's clearly been reprogrammed and put back into a new loop. we'll get into what's really going on in just a bit, but within this storyline, she's going under the name Isabella. we later learn that this is just a test for fidelity, to see if she can break out for a simulation and get to the root of what's really going on. it's a really mind-boggling episode, and there's a ton of twists and turns. so I'll try and keep it as simplistic as possible going forward, as there are a lot of things you can get lost in. the company behind the simulation insight also wish to get to the bottom of who was behind the hosts outbreak. and thus they posed to her several scenarios which will unearth this. though it initially seems like she's lost the admin powers that she gained in season 1, she likely still has them in Westworld, it's just that she isn't an admin in the new shell program. it's like being a website developer and having admin access to one site. you can edit all of that. however, if you try to edit another one, your powers have been stripped away, and therefore you can't do it. now, one of the big giveaways that this is faked later on is because these scenes are shot in a letterbox format, so they have black bars on the top and bottom. this was apparent in season 2 when things were fake. where is the real scenes? fully Philly TV. the world itself is actually based on the Republic of sal\xc3\xb2, which was a puppet government set up by German forces between 1943 to 1945. this was led by Mussolini, who was the leader of the state. however, the town was pretty much just controlled by the Germans. I absolutely loved this introduction. and seeing the Casablanca s go burning really gets you back on board with the character. what I'm really enjoying about this season is that it's completely reinventing our expectations of Westworld, with there being two completely new aesthetics. may even Hector go on the run, chased by the German forces, and they get an awesome, stylish car that helps them race towards an airstrip. upon arriving at a plane, they realize that Germans have killed the pilot, and they're ambushed by soldiers. Maeve is completely torn up by watching her love die, and after coming to the conclusion that they're both back to square one, she shoots herself in the head. now this could symbolize that she's completely demoralized and wishes to just go back to living as a host. or it could show that she wishes to be transported to the lab, which is where we pick up with her after the credits. now, if you haven't seen our breakdown of the owning titles, then make sure you check it out after this, because we go into all of the hidden meanings that you get from the graphics. anyway, from here we jump to the South China Sea and join Bernard, who is hitched a ride back to West world in order to track her down. he returns to the church, which has an entranceway to the labs, and on his way, he runs into a big character, which I'll get into in just a bit. now, firstly, with Bernards journey, I've got a lot of vibes of the opening of Jurassic world, fallen Kingdom, with there being big gates bordering the park around the sea. this was a cool little moment in the introduction of that movie. and it isn't the only Jurassic Park Easter egg either. as later in the episode, we see two texts talking. they are played by none other than DB wise and David Ben aka, the showrunners of HBO's Game of Thrones. if you were wondering what they got up to after no showing the comic-con panel and also getting fired from Star Wars, then, yeah, we now know where they are. we found them. I wish Stubbs had just shut them. anyway, it turns out they're discussing selling none other than drogon from their show to a buyer that is creating a start-up in Costa Rica. easily. Nublar is actually just off the coast of Costa Rica, and nolan and lisa joy confirmed to IGN at the park. is selling it to indian who run jurassic park. in case you don't know, michael crichton, the creator of west world, also created Jurassic Park. so there's a nice little tying together of his two big eye piece. drogon appearing is, of course, a nod to Benioff and DB wise. but what makes it even better is that george RR martin did actually suggest that nolan and lisa joy create a park called Westeros world while having dinner with the pair. though this doesn't pop up as the name, it's nice to know that there have been talks about bringing the properties under one roof. drogon itself is actually part of medieval world. and fans of the original film franchise may recognize this, as it was a big location during the films that took place in it. they even have a lute player dropping the same theme as the west-world tune. so yeah, there's lots of Easter eggs packed into these scenes. but now it travels back to the house in which Ford used to carry out, let's say, his darker experiments. and he comes across as copies as well as Stubbs, who's shot himself. we discover that Stubbs's job was to protect the other hosts. he didn't have a tragic backstory or anything to tie him to reality. and when everything was over, ford programmed him to shoot himself. it didn't completely work, as he's a machine, and nurse Bernard is able to repair him. the to talk about how Dolores brought Bernard back in order to be his opposite, the yin to his yang that will provide a counterbalance to her actions and stop her from going too far. it's a nice psychological look at Dolores, who, as we know, has lost those around her in the past due to her bloodlust. Maeve is the wild card that, if he secures, will provide him with enough stopping power to take Dolores down, should it ever come to it. Stubbs has regained purpose, and he journeys with Bernard to discover what's going on. Mae wakes up with Lutz operating her. something is going on, because he doesn't seem to be fully aware of who she is. in season one and two, they went through a lot. in Sylvester also makes an appearance. unaware of their shared history, we learn that they are hosts themselves and all part of a completely new simulation. may have grabs a drill to give herself a lobotomy, but she stopped by Lea Sizemore, who, we learn, apparently managed to survive the massacre last time. now why may be so quick to believe him is because she's seen firsthand that medical equipment has advanced to the point that it can save people, as long as they aren't shot in their vital organs. so though Sizemore was shot more times than 50 cent and could probably release his own rap album called, yes ladies, Sizemore does matter. the character is likely dead. Mabry enters war world to meet up with them. however, she realizes that he's fake and that she's just inside a simulation carried out by insight. this has been trying to mimic Delos, and it copied the staff labs and location in order to construct a false reality that would track air. however, it didn't know the thoughts and connections that Dolores had, and therefore it's illusion was not perfect. she breaks the simulation by asking one of the hosts what the square root of negative 1 is. and this shuts the Machine down and allows her to wreak havoc. the processing power is unable to deal with a lot of things, and in trying to solve the equation, it has to buffer certain things like gravity and complex operations. it's brilliant watching the almost matrix like special effects as she tears through the labs in town. Westworld has always had brilliant special effects, but this is breathtaking at some points. now, one of the most interesting aspects of the entire thing is that Sizemore states that everything feels real. clearly. it was enough to fool Maeve too. and it does play into the theory that everything we've seen so far could be a simulation within a simulation. this was given lip service in episode 1, and it's slowly a theory that is picking up a lot of steam. I do you think that it's one big red herring, but perhaps the entire show is just something ran by humans before creating AI, to discover whether there's a scenario in which machines would rise up against humanity. there's a lot of talk of Oracle's and prophecies in the series, and it is possible that this is something that could be going on. the simulation within a simulation thing is a bit much. I do think it would rob the show of a lot of it's more important moments by relegating them to being fake. but it is definitely a possibility. and like what's going on, the screen is also full screen. so going by the rules of the show, we can guess that it's real. back in West world, will see Bernard and Stubbs discover Maeve. and we learned that a brain was removed, which is how she was able to be shifted into a new machine. Bernard scans his own brain using this system and medieval world, to see if the loris has put any road code in there. this is similar to how he was invaded by four in season two. and this corruption has given him a lot of paranoia. after Stubbs beats down the security, the two have to leave, but they now have more information that will lead them to Maeve. Bernard is going to go looking for Liam Dempsey to hopefully get a lead on Dolores. and Stubbs gets a new core directive to protect Bernard. I'm glad this happened, as I absolutely loved the tuna team, and I can't wait to see what adventures they get up to in the future. the episode finishes with Mei rescuing her own brain by reformatting a drone. we can see that in the room there are several other pills, and therefore it is possible that these are some of the hosts from the park that have been taken in place. they're actually believed that the man in black will be in one of these, and that they will be to testing him for fidelity through a lot of simulations. the drone almost makes its way out, but unfortunately it's shot down after an almost videogame first-person-shooter escape with slow-motion turned on. Mable wakens in a white dress in the real world, and she meets a rock played by vincent cassell. as we learn from last week, this is the man who is currently in control of the machine that has preordained a path for everyone on the planet, similar to how it created a journey and narrative for everyone on earth. he wants to create one for Maeve. and that is to kill Dolores. so Rach is a futurist, and he knows that a war is coming, that humanity are doomed to lose. the system that is creating a future for the planet has hit a roadblock as it cannot predict what Dolores will do, and they need her out of the picture. Maeve was once more back under the control of the humans, and we see that she's been relegated to being their slave. so Rach would rather persuade her instead of forcing her to do it. and due to the potential permanent paralysis that could come from it, I do believe she will join his side. we do have Bernard in May, both looking for the law, but whether they will actually kill her, now we don't know yet, personally now that they will, but it will be interesting to see how things progress going forward. unlike last week, there's no post credit scene, but the promo does look like there will be a lot in store. we pick up with Dolores in an ambulance, who's likely ended up there because Caleb doesn't know that she's a machine. she escapes it, and, by the looks of it, kills the paramedics. and it seems like she wants to start a revolution. we're also getting a look at who Hale really is. and this is one of the deepest mysteries in the show. now, though we guessed it was Teddy last time, apparently closed captions showed that it was Abernathy. I haven't been able to verify this myself, but I did get a lot of comments on it on the last video, so it looks like it is indeed true. Hale is looking after what also seems to be Bernards child, and it's likely that she's been given this in order to ground her. it is possible that this was given to control her by Dolores, much in the same way that Ford would control Bernard. we do know that the child has died before, so is possible that this same scenario could happen in order to manipulate him or her? I don't know at this point. anyway, I'm really enjoying the series so far, and this was another mind-blowing episode that I absolutely loved watching. now, obviously, had loved hear your thoughts on it and what you took from the second entry. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our full breakdown of the title sequence, which is gonna be linked at the end. we go over all of the hidden meanings in it. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. if you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. that was the best ways. table 8 with heavy spoilers, so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. 