in 1988, following his mother's death, a young Peter quill is abducted from Earth by the Ravagers, a group of space pirates led by yondu. 26 years later, on the planet Morag, quill steals an orb, after which kaurav, a subordinate to the fanatical Kree Ronan, intercepts him. although quill escapes with the orb, yondu discovers his deafness issues a bounty for his capture. while Ronan sends the assassin Gamora after the orb. when quill attempts to sell the orb on the Nova Empire, capital worlds and our Gamora ambushes him and steals it. a fight ensues, drawing in a pair of bounty hunters that genetically and cybernetically modified raccoon, rocket and the tree like humanoid croute. the Nova Corps arrives and captures the for detaining them in the kiln while they are a powerful inmate, Drax, attempts to kill Gamora due to her association with Ronan, who killed his family. quill convinces tracks that Gamora can bring Ronan to him. Gamora reveals that she has betrayed Ronan, unwilling to let him use the orbs power to destroy planets, starting with sand. are learning that Gamora has a buyer for the orb, sheik will rocket. group and Drax worked together to escape from the kiln elsewhere. Ronan meets with gamora's adoptive father, Thanos, to discuss her betrayal, accompanied by Drax quills, group escapes the kiln in his ship, the Milano, and pleased to know where a remote criminal outpost in space, builds in a giant severed head of a celestial a drunken Drax summons Ronan, while the rest of the group meet gamora's contact, the collector. the collector opens the orb, revealing an infinity stone, an item of immeasurable power that destroys all but the most powerful beings who wield it. suddenly, the collectors tormented assistant grabs the stone, triggering an explosion that engulfs the collectors archive. Ronan arrives and easily defeats Drax, while the others flee by ship, pursued by Ronan's followers and Gamora sister, nebula. nebula destroys Gamora ship, leaving her floating in space, and Ronan's forces captured the orb quill contacts yondu before following Gamora into space, giving her his helmet to survive. yondu arrives and retrieves the pair. rocket Drax and Groot threatened to attack yondu ship to rescue them. the quill negotiates a truce by convincing yondu that they can cover the orb quills group agrees that facing Ronan certain death, but that they cannot let him use the infinity stone to destroy the galaxy. on Rodin's flagship, the dark aster, ronan embeds the stone in this war hammer, taking its power for himself. he contacts Thanos, threatening to kill him after the destruction of x' and are hateful of her adoptive father. nebula allies with ronan. nears and are at the Ravagers the nova corps. and quills group confront and breached the dark aster. ronan uses his empowered more hammer to destroy the nova corps fleet. on the dark aster, Gamora fights and defeats nebula. she unlocks Ronan's chambers while nebula is escaping. but the group find themselves outmatched by his power, until rocket crushes the Milano through the dark aster. the damaged dark aster crash lands on Xander, with Groot sacrificing himself to shield the group. Ronan emerges from the wreck and prepares to destroy Xandar, but quill distracts him, allowing jax and rocket to destroy Ronan's Warhammer. quill grabs the freed stone and with Gamora, Drax and rocket sharing its burden, they use it to destroy Ronan. in the aftermath, krill tricks yondu into taking a container supposedly containing the stone and gives the real stone to the Nova Corps as the Ravagers leaves, and are the undue remarks that it turned out well that they did not deliver quill to his father per their contract. quills group, now known as the guardians of the galaxy, have their criminal records expunged, and quill learns that he is only half human, his father being part of an ancient, unknown species. quill finally opens the last present he received from his mother, a cassette tape filled with her favorite songs. the Guardians leave in the rebuilt Milano along with a sapling cut from Groot. in a post-credits scene, the collector sits in his destroyed archive with two of his living exhibits, a canine cosmonaut and an anthropomorphic duck, also known as Howard the Duck. 