[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the story of fractured, 2019 film. [Music]. the story starts with the main character named ray, who is seen seated in the car with his family. he has his wife and daughter with him. they are returning back to their house. they had visited rey's parents, from where they are traveling to their house. ray and his wife are discussing the aroused clashes in their conjugal life because they have some matrimonial issues. at the same time, rey's daughter tells her need to go to lavatory. they stop their car, driving to the nearer gas station for it, so that they may relax. returning back from laboratory, she forgets her pocket mirror somewhere. rey's wife moves to lavatory for this mirror's search, while rey seeks it at the back seat of the car. rey is busy in searching. meanwhile, a stray dog advances towards rey's daughter. coming at the front, it barks, leaving ray's daughter frightened. he begins to move backward. there is a pit noticing dog, ray throws a stone, scaring it so the dog may run. but rey's daughter has fallen into that pit. in this commotion, ray also jumps into that pit to save his daughter, without thinking of the consequences, and his head gets injured. his wife has also arrived there tilde time. rey's worried wife descends to that pit calmly after noticing it. she is seen checking the wounds of her daughter. meanwhile, rey also restores his senses, lifting their daughter. they leave that pit. the hand of rey's daughter is injured severely. they decide to take her at the nearby hospital. covering a few miles, they reach the hospital. they meet with a doctor there, who tells rey, your daughter's hand has fractured. hand will be plastered, but ct of head is required of your daughter, taking it as precautions, so that it may be assured that the head has not received any injury. the place of head scanning is in the basement. ray sends his wife with his daughter to the basement for checkup, while he sleeps in the waiting area because he is very tired. waking up after an hour, he asks the hospital staff may he meet with his wife and daughter, because a time has passed. checking the register, hospital staff inform rey that there is no record in the register or computer of your told name. it means there is neither the name of your wife nor daughter. the duty time of many doctors of the hospital has been changed, and nurse staff members are still the same as before. a nurse tells, rey came to hospital alone. no one was accompanied him. otherwise rey had a head injury. i had also treated his head injury. rey has got furious, in worried condition. hospital security guards restrain him, seeing it and sedate him in order to keep him calm and stop him for creating disturbance. afterwards, rey is locked into a room. coming into sense from that, given drug's intoxication, he runs outside, leaving the room, stopping two police officers. while gesticulating, he reveals to them this happened incident, in details. at last, he convinces the police officers to investigate. police officer proceeds for further investigation, coming into the hospital again with him, it is revealed ray was really came alone, not accompanying with his any member of family. ray tells, we were at the gas station where my daughter accidentally fell into the pit. he also reveals rest of details. police officer decided to investigate. going to the gas station, they may get any clue. police officers and ray have reached the gas station together when they notice the pit where rey's daughter got injured, falling there. according to rey, they tried to arrest rey because that pit was blood-stained, and it was coming under suspicion that much blood cannot be wasted only through falling down, and it cannot cause many stains. ray grabs the police office's guns as they are about to arrest him, he locks them into the gas station so that they may not chase him. now gunn is in rey's possession. he moves to the hospital in search of his daughter and wife. rey is suspecting his hospital staff will have hidden his family, so they smuggled their body organs, taking them out illegally, or donate their organs to other patients forcefully. he reaches the hospital after a while, disputing with the security he moves in the basement. he glimpses of her daughter, whose body organs are nearly to be taken out. there is also his wife, along with her. she is in sedation. he comes outside from the operation theater, taking his wife and daughter. he fires his gun on the doctors while going. and all leave sitting in the car. the climax of story arises when it is known that rey's family was dead falling into the pit which was nearby at the gas station. his daughter herself fell down being scared from the dog, while his wife is pushed by rey himself, and she falls on the pointed thing, which causes her death. it means both deaths had been occurred on that gas station, and their dead bodies were placed in the back bonnet of the car. he himself placed them. all happenings in the hospitals, as he said, i did not come alone, blaming the hospital staff and asked the help from police. by ray, it was his psyche problem, which refers to the mental disorder. his conscience and the subconscious mind were not cooperating with each other. whereas he himself has murdered, but his mind is already making up a story. so he denies of his murdering. rey is a psycho patient, and he is thinking this story himself, while he himself was the murderer. finally, it is known that she is a serious patient who was taken by him, considering his family member. and she also loses her life. please express your feedback in the comment section, if you like the explanation. thanks for watching. 