in today's video, we will be going through the 1996 american post-apocalyptic sci-fi film, escape from l.a. sport is a hedge. you have been warned. make sure to give this video a thumbs up, comment on what your favorite part was, and subscribe to our channel for more. it's the year 1998. los angeles has become extremely cried ridden and decadent. the government is forced to ultimately place it under the direct control of the newly created united states police force. two years later, on august 23, 2000, a massive earthquake strikes, wrecking the whole city. as a result of the earthquake, the san fernando valley floods, turning the los angeles area into an island. from malibu to anaheim, a theocratic presidential candidate named adam declares los angeles to be sinful and punished by god. when he is elected president for life, he relocates the capital to his hometown in lynchburg, virginia. the newly elected president turns the united states into a theocratic, totalitarian state and announces the new moral america law. his laws ban things such as tobacco, alcoholic beverages, recreational drugs, red meat, firearms, profanity, atheism, non-christian religions and extramarital sex. those found guilty of indulging in these things or activities are stripped of their citizenship and deported to los angeles island, unless they repent and choose death by electrocution. safe to say that if we were living in president adams america, most of us would be rotting in the prison island right now. the island is surrounded by a containment wall with armed guards and watch towers everywhere. those sent to the island are exiled permanently. it's now the year 2013. a man named bob snake pliskin is brought to firebase 7, the deportation center for los angeles island, amid heavy security and a huge media presence. bliskin is considered the most infamous outlaw in the history of the united states, convicted of 27 moral crimes. however, pliskin was once considered a war hero who served in the u.s special forces and rescued the previous american president during an army operation. armed men escort pliskin into the premises. inside the loud and chaotic facility, a female officer slits pliskin's hand with a strange sharp object attached to her finger. pliskin doesn't think much of it, and is then taken to a room, and two officers and a man in a suit follow him. pliskin quickly realizes that the government wants something out of him. the female officer then reveals that last wednesday, a group of government officials, including the president's daughter utopia, were touring benford space defense lab. utopia somehow managed to steal a top secret prototype in a black box and boarded the air force 3 plane and hijacked it. for the uninitiated, air force 3 is supposed to be an air traffic control sign held by any united states air force aircraft carrying the third most important person in the united states, much like air force one, which carries the most important person in the u.s, the president. utopia then recorded a message denouncing the president and threatening the use of the top secret prototype unless the president opens american borders, allowing all incarcerated people on the island back to the country, using the escape pod on the plane. she then fled to la. the government sent a five-man rescue team. within a few hours of landing, all but one were killed. upon further investigation, government found utopia's connections to a man named cuervo jones, a shining path peruvian revolutionary. he seduced the president's daughter, utopia via a holographic system and brainwashed her into stealing the black box. pliskin is to retrieve the box, but he refuses to help. after he has denied information about the contents of the top secret black box. the man in the suit then reveals that he is the president. he tells pliskin, if he does as he says, pliskin will receive a pardon for every immoral act he has committed, and indicates he does not care about utopia's return, declaring her a traitor. pliskin still rejects the offer. piss commander mac malloy reveals that pliskin will be injected with a genetically engineered plutoxin 7 virus, which causes a complete nervous system breakdown, making one bleed out like a stuck pig. pliskin threatens to kill anyone who comes near him to inject him with any such thing. the female officer then reveals that she already injected him with a virus in the hallway and activates the countdown of the designer virus. god. she is ruthless. pliskin learns that he has 10 hours to live, but there's an antidote that neutralizes the virus immediately upon injection. pissed, pliskin attacks president adam, but quickly realizes that he was talking to a hologram. left with no choice, pliskin is forced to cooperate. it's then revealed that la is being primed as a beachhead for an invasion of the us. cuervo jones's shining path group wants to take over north america and has united third world nations carrying an assault rifle, a personal holographic projector, a thermal camouflage overcoat and a countdown clock snake. pliskin sneaks into the city using a one-man submarine. he loses the submarine when the platform it lands on crumbles, causing it to sink. different parts of the island are run by various groups and gangs. moreover, earthquakes are very common and frequent on the island. there he meets a surfer named pipeline. the surfer is an admirer of pliskin's glorious criminal career and directs him to his destination. bliskin reaches the hollywood bowl where the last surviving member of the rescue team is kept. using the tracker in his watch, he locates the man, only to find his dead body in a hotel being used by a gang as recreational target practice. blisskin then asks a woman at the hotel about cuervo's whereabouts and heads straight towards sunset boulevard. at the boulevard, pliskin comes across the extravagant cuervo riding in a convertible with utopia by his side and a motorcade following him. he invites everyone to the happy kingdom for the last party before he invades the united states. pliskin subverts one of the motorcyclists in his motorcade and follows him. he soon catches cuervo and his men's attention. while unsuccessfully shooting cuervo, causing an explosion, cuervo recognizes pliskin and astonishingly watches his pliskin jumps from one vehicle to another, killing his men one by one, getting closer and closer to him. a furious cuervo traps pliskin in a bolus, making him fall on the ground. bolas is a type of throwing weapon made of weights on the ends of interconnected cords, used to capture animals by entangling their legs. he then orders his men to finish pliskin and continues to head towards the party. pliskin easily takes out his men, but flees immediately when more of cuervo's men arrive, forgetting his leather coke containing his weapons on the ground. it's then picked up and worn by one of cuervo's men. pliskin then runs into map to the stars eddie. he sells interactive tours for a living. after learning of pliskin's destination, eddie directs bliskin towards beverly hills. while passing through beverly hills, pliskin is followed by the goons of the surgeon general of beverly hills to steal his eyes and skin. bruce campbell has a cameo in the film as the surgeon general of beverly hills. campbell and kurt russell share the same stunt double named john casino. he had been doubling for both of them for several years before this film, and still does it for them to this day. a woman named tassima helps him get away through the drainage tunnel. as he continues his journey, pliskin again runs into eddie, who offers to give him a lift to cuervo's palace in his car. when pliskin gets distracted, eddie injects him with darts and sedates him. eddie reveals that he is cuervo's agent, and they are in cuervo's car, the interactive tour seller eddie had deliberately sent pliskin through beverly hills to get him killed at the hands of the surgeon general. talk about an interactive tour. pliskin then gains consciousness in cuervo's palace, tied up. eddie informs cuervo's men that plskin was sent by the us. government to look for the black box and utopia. pliskin then overhears one of cuervo's technology experts talking about the remote control unit in the black box. the instruction disk in the rc connects to the sword of damocles, the ultimate defensive satellite weapon system. the remote is capable of rendering all electronic devices like cars, airplanes, toasters, computers and even batteries anywhere on the planet useless. using the remote one can pinpoint an accurate target, like a taxi cab in buenos aires or the entire country of spain. the device can shut down the whole planet and send it back to the dark ages. president adam gets restless as he loses communication with pliskin. he expresses his intention to bomb the island, but commander malloy warns him that, upon seeing the u.s aircraft flying towards the island, cuervo could easily take down the aircraft and the entire united states with the push of one button. are you noticing that the movie was filmed almost entirely at night? in fact, the production went 70 days without a daylight shoot. cuervo then goes live on television with a message for the u.s president. he shuts down lynchburg, the u.s capitol, as retaliation for sending plskin to kill him. he then threatens to shut down the entire u.s if his demands are not fulfilled. he then demands a police chopper to carry him out of the island. at the happy kingdom by 5 am now in control of the satellites. cuervo intends to take over the u.s with an allied invasion force of third world nations that are prepared to attack. the president has lost all hope. however, commander malloy is still hopeful after seeing pliskin alive in the background of cuervo's live address. after the broadcast, pliskin is taken to an arena with a massive crowd for cuervo's infamous, deadly basketball challenge. cuervo intends to fulfill his promise to the audience of one last spectacle of death in the historic arena with the death of the mighty snake, pliskin. the blood-hungry crowd cheers as pliskin enters the basketball court surrounded by armed men. pliskin must shoot the basketball into the two hoops alternately between a 10 second shot clock. the ball must be shot exactly when the 10 second buzzer goes off. each basket equals 2 points, and pliskin must score 10 points in total. missing a shot, breaking a rule or losing the game will result in pliskin being sprayed with bullets by the surrounding guards. cuervo starts the timer, and pliskin scores comfortably initially. but eventually he starts getting tired and begins to struggle. by the end, pliskin lags behind, but he manages to score by throwing the ball into the hoop directly from one end. winning the challenge a victorious pliskin proceeds to leave the court when cuervo starts to shoot at him from the stand as the armed guards just watch. tired of cuervo's bloodshed, utopia prevents him from shooting pliskin. cuervo adaman pushes her aside and proceeds to shoot. when another earthquake aftershock strikes, and he fails to aim correctly. pliskin manages to run away. cuervo again sends eddie to kill pliskin and heads towards the happy kingdom with utopia. however, pliskin subdues eddie and takes him hostage. eddie quickly changes his loyalty and takes bliskin to someone named hershey las palmas. she is a transgender woman who was formerly carjacked. malone, a past criminal associate of pliskin, to get into character as a transgender woman actress pam greer would put a sock in her pants during shooting. pliskin offers to help hershey and her men flee the island if she collaborates with him. during their conversation, hershey jokingly reveals that the plutoxin 7 virus is a lie that is frequently used by the us. government to intimidate people into cooperating. meanwhile, cuervo arrives at the happy kingdom amid fanfare and announces that the invasion has begun. this happy kingdom set was actually the town square from back to the future in 1985 at universal. it was initially supposed to be disneyland, but disney didn't give them permission. the warships have left cuba and are estimated to reach florida in 45 minutes. the u.s government helicopter soon arrives at the venue. cuervo and utopia proceed to board the chopper when eddie comes flying in a hand glider. after landing, he stalls cuervo and distracts his men, letting plisken and his team come flying in hang gliders and launch a surprise attack. a deadly battle follows. pliskin lands on cuervo and they begin beating each other up. pliskin eventually takes the remote control from him and knocks him out. pliskin retrieves his leather coat and boards the chopper with eddie, hershey and her men. if the hero doesn't miraculously retrieve his lost, fancy leather coat, is it even a hollywood movie? utopia also boards the chopper and pleads with pliskin to take her back with him. pliskin then takes back the real remote control from eddie, who would exchange it with his fake one, while stalling cuervo. as the chopper takes off, it's bombarded with bullets. upon noticing cuervo proceeding to shoot down the chopper with a handheld surface-to-air rocket launcher, eddie shoots cuervo dead, but not before he fires the rocket. seeing the rocket headed towards the chopper, eddie jumps out of the helicopter, landing safely on an awning as the helicopter flies away. when the rocket hits the chopper, it kills everyone inside, including hershey. when the president's men reach the crash site, pliskin remains alive, even after his countdown clock reaches zero, without taking any antidote. realizing that plutoxin 7 is only a potent influenza virus whose effects wear off within hours of infection, the soldiers apprehend utopia live near the crash site and bring her to the president. surprised to see her alive, the president promises to finish pliskin's job himself later, and proceeds to retrieve the remote control from pliskin. however, finding utopia alive and running away from the crash site, commander malloy suspects the pliskin is trying to trick the president by giving him the wrong remote he checks utopia's pocket to find another remote control. after checking the disk inside, commander molloy announces that they will take the one the utopia unknowingly held. the president orders his men to take utopia to the electorate chair, despite her pleas for forgiveness, and proceeds to address the world live on television. he demands an immediate retreat of all forces advancing to attack the united states. he threatens to destroy each such country's ability to function permanently. upon learning of cuba's continued aggression, the president tries to use the satellites to stop a cuban invasion force threatening florida. after activating the remote he learns that it's fake and hears eddie's cheerful map to the star's interactive tour intro. angered at his public humiliation, the president orders his men to shoot pliskin and retrieve the real remote from him. at commander malloy's command, the soldiers spray pliskin with bullets, but pliskin stands unscathed. they realize that the real pliskin isn't there, and it's his hologram. commander malloy proceeds to send his men to look for pliskin within a half-mile radius. when pliskin draws the real remote control, the president asks bliskin whether he is going to choose the third world or america. snake says, the more things change, the more they stay the same, and activates the remote control and enters the world code and ends all technological activity on the entire planet. at the deportation center, utopia rejoices that snake shut down the earth and thus saved her. snake lights a cigarette and blows out the match used to light it, uttering, welcome to the human race. although this movie didn't perform so well commercially during its release, it gained a strong cult following over time. thanks for watching. make sure to like the video if you enjoyed it, and subscribe to the channel to see more of these movie summaries 