welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka Darth initial and with the rise of Skywalker and now our worldwide it's time to take a closer look at the big bad of the entire saga. throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down everything that you need to know about Emperor Palpatine, from before the Phantom Menace all the way up to the new film. we'll be covering the characters full biography, his time as Darth Sidious and how he returned from the dead in the latest entry. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to see the rise of Skywalker yet and don't want anything potentially ruined, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of Emperor Palpatine. sheev Palpatine was born on the planet of Naboo around the Year 84 BBY. she was the child of a very influential family, and from an early age, he was gifted with the force. this caught the eye of Darth Plagueis a Sith Lord, who took him under his wing. as an apprentice through Plagueis, she learned all the ins and outs of the darkside from his master, who carried the lineage of Darth Bane. Plagueis showed him almost everything, including the ability to lead an eternal life, which we'll get into later in the video. eventually, though, she graduated to the position of Darth Sidious and began dabbling in politics, using his dog powers of manipulation in order to rise up through the ranks. upon the completion of his training, Sidious betrayed his master and murdered him in his sleep. this was traditional amongst the Sith, and often their apprentices would murder their masters and assume their positions. typically this only of a two Sith in the galaxy. and Sidious began looking for an apprentice himself. whilst he gained a prominent position in the Galactic Senate. firsthand, he witnessed the corruption within the Republic and realized that he could easily manipulate his way into power if he created a divide. his master plan was to overthrow the Jedi who had been the guardians of peace and justice for thousands of generations, and then supplant the leadership with a new empire. during this time, Sidious met a like-minded Jedi named Dooku, who too had become aware that the corruption within the Republic would eventually lead to its downfall. Sidious manipulated Dooku and slowly turned him to the dark side. from inside the Senate, they slowly built up their puppet, nute Gunray, to the position of Viceroy of the Trade Federation. alongside this, Sidious also travel to Dathomir, where he met a knight sister with incredible power. he promised to make her his apprentice, but at the last moment, betrayed her and instead kidnapped her young son, who would later become Darth Maul once all of the pawns were in place, Palpatine moved to overthrow the Supreme Chancellor, and he ordered the Trade Federation to create a blockade around ab\xc3\xbb under the pretense that they were protesting the Senate's taxation of trade routes. the Supreme Chancellor dispatched two Jedi who yet, if you've seen the Phantom Menace, that's qui-gon jinn and his Padawan, obi-wan Kenobi. and they tried to negotiate with the Trade Federation, but Sidious ordered for them to be executed. the Trade Federation then launched an invasion of the planet. and throughout the entire incursion, Sidious masterfully played both sides of the battle, appearing to the Trade Federation as a Sith Lord and to Queen Amidala as Senator Palpatine. with the help of the Jedi, Amidala and her allies were able to escape the planet during the invasion. and after a stop off on Tatooine, they met a young, force sensitive boy named Anakin. from here they journey to chorus and to try and ask the Senate for intervention. but yeah, this kind of fell on deaf ears. the Senate were hopeless, just as Palpatine knew they would be. and he persuaded Amidala to move for a vote of no-confidence in order to potentially place a more powerful leader as the Supreme Chancellor Palpatine predicted. the Senate agreed to remove the Supreme Chancellor, and Palpatine was elected in his place. he did try and convince Amidala to stay in chorus aunt, but you wish to return to her world. and Sidious contacted the Trade Federation and sent Maul with orders to kill the Queen upon her arrival. in addition to this, upon learning that she'd formed an alliance with the Gungans of the planet, he ordered Trade Federation forces to meet them in battle. luckily, the Queen's assassination was stopped by the Jedi, and the group managed to defeat the invading forces. Palpatine learned that a young boy named Anakin Skywalker was instrumental in this. and this caught his attention, as the freed slave had been labeled as the chosen one, and that would bring balance to the force. over the following decade, Palpatine built a reputation as a brilliant chancellor that was only interested in the good of the galaxy, formed a friendship with Anakin, grooming him in a way, and stating that he was the most gifted Jedi that he had ever met. he realized that Anakin was happily swayed by his emotions, and through this that he could be controlled. he sowed the seeds of frustration and Anakin, all while straining his new apprentice, Count Dooku. Dooku left the order and began operating under the name Darth Tyrannis. and the two Sith Lords carried out the death of Jedi Master sifo-dyas and took his commission to produce a clone army on Kamino. they implanted a secret order known as order 66, in which all the soldiers would turn on the Jedi and kill em. Dooku covered this up by erasing all knowledge of the Commission from the Jedi archives. and he sent a near impossible task for many mercenaries. Jango Fett managed to claim this and using him as a template, he began duplicating the character. in 30 BBY Palpatine travelled to jakku, and during this time he met a young boy named Gally who served him for many years. it's also during this that I think Palpatine may have also fathered a son. or he perhaps manipulated the midi-chlorians in order to create life, which we'll get into further in the video when discussing rey under Sidious Dooku began traveling to planets throughout the galaxy, convincing them to become independent from the Galactic Republic. he created the Confederacy of Independent Systems, and Dooku became the leader of the group, with the galaxy on the brink of Civil War and just too many planets for the Jedi to control. the Senate pushed to form a grand army for the Republic. Amidala arrived on Quora son to vote on the notion. and after an assassination attempt on her life, Anakin was assigned to protect her. the two fell in love. and after the death of his mother, and it can wander towards the dark side, lashing out on his mother's killers in anger. the separatists were revealed to be secretly creating a massive battle droid army, which Palpatine was, of course, behind. and after he was granted emergency powers by ja ja Binks, who yet ruined the galaxy, he was given the authority to rule over the Senate without the need for a boat until the conflict was over. his first act was to bring forth the clone army. and thus the clone wars began. Anakin and Amidala secretly married on Naboo, and Palpatine slowly started putting the pieces in place to take him as an apprentice. many years passed with the war ravaging the galaxy. and it during this a lot of heroes rose on each side, including General Grievous, who was commanded to capture Palpatine on Coruscant along with Dooku. the two faked his kidnap and fled to a separatist ship. during a large-scale battle, Anakin and obi-wan were called in to rescue him, and the former managed to kill Dooku after he was instructed to by Palpatine. Palpatine also wished to leave, I'll be one behind, but Anakin refused to. and the three managed to capture the ship and land it. Palpatine appointed Anakin to be his representative on the Jedi Council, which they were very displeased with. they denied him the position of Jedi Master, and instead decided to use Anakin's friendship with the character to spy on him. Anakin started having visions of his wife's death, and Palpatine decided to use this to manipulate him by discussing the abilities of Darth Plagueis and he can believe that together they could save his wife. and naturally, the two formed a bond. Anakin began to distrust the Jedi, and this was fueled by Palpatine, who said that they were plotting to take over the Republic. Palpatine revealed that he was strong in the force, and Anakin concluded that he was a Sith Lord, mace Windu. when a group of Jedi confronted him, but Palpatine managed to kill most of them, but was bested by Windu. Anakin arrived there just in the nick of time, and he had a choice, either help Windu and doom his wife, or save Palpatine and potentially Padme. Anakin chose the latter, and Palpatine commanded the clone army to execute order 66, which wiped out most of the Jedi. and I can join their murdering many of the Jedi forces under the new identity Darth Vader. Palpatine addressed the Senate and stated that the Jedi were planning to overthrow the Republic. the Republic was reclassified as the Galactic Empire. and, yeah, we all know what happened from there. the remaining Jedi, obi-wan, Kenobi and Yoda both went to confront Anakin and Palpatine at separate locations. Palpatine bastard Yoda, and he went into exile. and obi-wan beat his apprentice, watching as his body slowly fell into the lava of Mustafar, severely burning him. Palpatine arrived there and rescued him, but revealed that they'd been unable to avert his wife's death, and that she had died in childbirth. Palpatine saved Vader through the use of machines, and together, the Empire slowly began ruling the galaxy with an iron fist. it's also during this time that Palpatine ordered the remaining Jedi to be executed and the Deathstar was constructed. this was a powerful super weapon with the capability to destroy planets in one blast. now I believe that it was during this time that Palpatine tried to mold his son into a powerful Sith Lord. but he rejected this and fled, finding a wife and living life on jakku. rebellion also started to form that rejected the empirical rule, and they set up a base on Yavin 4 through a team led by jin a. so they managed to steal the plans to the Death Star and pass these on to rebel forces. Palpatine ordered Darth Vader to intercept these, but he failed. Princess Leia, who unbeknownst to Vader was his daughter, managed to send the plants Tatooine, when they were intercepted by Luke Skywalker, her twin brother, who took them to Obi Wan. yeah, it's a very small galaxy. the events of a new hope happened, which saw the destruction of the Death Star. and similars house Sidious had died of Anakin after he destroyed the Trade Federation flagship, he set his sights on Luke. the Emperor ordered Vader to turn him, and the construction of a second Death Star began. he also started using the force to extend his life and continued his experimentation into cloning in order to find the secret to immortality. Luke handed himself in as an attempt to redeem his father. and here he came face to face with Palpatine on the second Death Star. the battle for Vader's soul began with Palpatine tempting Luke with the dark side of the force. Palpatine used Luke's friends as bait and revealed that he had led the rebels to believe that the Death Star was not operational, and also that he was the one who allowed the forces to reach Endor. this was to force Luke to strike him down in anger. and though he initially resisted. he did attempt to do this, though Vader intercepted it the to start a lightsaber duel. and on the planet of Endor, han and Leia led a team that disabled the shield generator for the battle station. Palpatine watched as Luke slowly used anger to defeat his father. but at the last moment, he calmed himself and threw away his lightsaber. he told Palpatine that he would never turn to the dark side and that he would always be a Jedi, like his father before him. this angered Palpatine, and he tried to kill Luke, though Vader intervened, throwing the character down the Death Star reactor shaft. the rebels destroyed the Death Star once more, and Vader and Palpatine died on it. or so we thought. in the rise of Skywalker, it was revealed that the character did not die. and slowly he worked in the shadows, creating the first order in the wake of the Empire's downfall. I've seen how Palpatine survived theorized by many as cloning. and this is even given lip service in the movie. however, I highly doubt that he would clone himself with missing fingers, in a decrepit, old body. personally, I believe that he manipulated the midi-chlorians, as shown to him by Darth Plagueis. and he was able to use the Force to remain alive. during a vision, in the force awakens rey also hears his voice, and we discovered that he settled on the sith world of EXA goal, physically impaired and pretty much all but dead, except for his consciousness. he was sustained and moved by machinery. Sidious created supreme leader Snoke, and sent him forth to rule over the first order and turn Han and Leia's son, Ben, solo. Sidious managed to impersonate Ben's grandfather, Darth Vader, and turn him to the dark side. Ben took up the mantle kylo Ren, and he eventually became besotted with Palpatine's granddaughter, Rey. Palpatine had sought after her for many years, sending out Syd loyalists to try and capture her, but these were all unsuccessful. Palpatine son hid her away, and they died protecting her location. a mysterious broadcast was sent out into the galaxy by Palpatine, threatening revenge. and kylo, who had assumed the position of supreme leader. when searching for the source of this, scared that his power would be stripped away. kylo eventually came across Palpatine, discovered that he was behind Snoke, and learned that he had amassed a huge amount of Star Destroyers that Palpatine had labeled the final order. Palpatine wanted to return the Empire to its rightful position, and he wished for his granddaughter to join him by his side. Ren came face-to-face with Rey several times, revealing her lineage, and this led the two to battle on the second Death Star's runes. leia reached out to him just before dying, and this distracted him to the point that rey was able to stop him. rey fled to act you and after speaking with luke, realized that she had to confront her grandfather. Rey travelled to EXCI goal, ascending her coordinates to the resistance, and came across Palpatine surrounded by Savoia lists. Palpatine stated that all of the Sith lived within him and that she had to take his place. this is an ancient Sith ritual, which would allow him to transfer his spirit into her and continue the legacy of the sith. he revealed that the resistance forces had been led into a trap, and that the only way for Rey to save them would be to join him in controlling the Sith fleet and to stop the annihilation. however, a redeem Ben solo arrived, and with Rey, they fought Palpatine. realizing their force bond was stronger than initially suspected, he drained our life force to restore himself. he flung Ben into a pit and tried to destroy both the resistance fleet and Rey using Force Lightning. Rey managed to deflect this, similar to how mace windu once did, and calling on all the power of the Jedi from the past, she killed him. turning his own power against him, Palpatine was finally killed, and with its destruction, the Sith and final order were no more. and that's everything you need to know about Palpatine. whether the character will ever return remains to be seen, but that's all of the ins and outs of his life from birth to death. if you enjoyed this video, then please force push that like button. and if you want to watch more Star Wars related stuff that make sure you check out our full breakdown of the meaning behind the ending of Star Wars, the rise of Skywalker. we go over the movie's main themes and the revelations. so yeah, it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to come chat to me after the video that, make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server. would you be linked in the description below? we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community, so hope they see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of gioco, which was one of our favorite movies of the air. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Emperor Palpatine in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of January, and the Celt be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. so best of luck to everyone he takes part. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. 