[Music]. what is up? YouTube, its new girl, Evelyn. and we are officially less than one month away from the season three premiere of killing Eve which means it's time to make predictions. so sit back and enjoy the video, and don't forget to add your own predictions in the comments. and as always, there will be potential spoilers, so proceed with caution. what if the 12 are the good guys? well, kind of. obviously, the 12 are a murderous organization possibly bent on causing worldwide anarchy, so it might be a bit of a stretch to call them the good guys. but I don't know if they're as bad as we've been led to believe by Carolyn and mi6. many of villanelles targets were either bad people, like mafioso Caesar and sex trafficking politician Victor Kendra, or they were people in powerful positions and likely involved in illegal shenanigans, like perfume mogul Carla demand or military hacker jang-woo. I get the feeling the 12 operates on the maxim of we must first break it in order to fix it. in season three, I believe we'll finally get a glimpse inside of the 12, meet our first keeper, and find out that maybe they're not as bad as we think, or at least not as bad as mi6. to be fair, I have absolutely no basis for this prediction whatsoever, but if Kenny was murdered and it was somehow Eve's fault, I just think it would make for great television. Eve treated Kenny like dirt throughout all of season 2, yet he remained more loyal to her minute kicked puppy. and to be honest, Kenny's not a super necessary character. not to mention, there hasn't been a real gut wrenching death since Bill's untimely demise in season 1. we, along with Eve, take Kenny for granted. so imagine everyone shocked if they killed Kenny off in the first episode of season 3. I think it's fair to say that even mi6 have officially parted ways. after Carolyn's season two deception was revealed, Eve is outraged and disillusioned. and I have a feeling that the twelve has not only taken notice, but may recruit the jobless Eve to work for them. and while I don't think Eve will become villanelles replacement, at least not yet. I do believe it's the first step in Eve's journey to becoming her obsession, a killer. the last time we saw Nico, he just awakened inside of his storage unit. would be very dead Gemma, who'd been killed by villanelle. my prediction for Nico is that mi6 will let him take the fall for Gemma's murder. remember, villanelle was working for mi6 at the time she killed Gemma. and mi6 is all about making sure there's no paper trail linking them to villain L or Eve. not to mention the Secret Intelligence Service is not above wiping security footage if it suits their purpose. without mi6 to back up Nikko story about a crazy assassin obsessed with his wife, the circumstances look very suspicious and very bad for Nico. I won't go too in depth about this prediction because I'm working on a more detailed Eve and villanelle relationship video, so make sure to subscribe so you'll be notified when that video drops. as much as I would love to see these two Psychopaths get it on, I don't think it will be happening anytime soon, or at least this season, I predict villanelle will try to unsuccessfully replace Eve with another luscious haired woman, and Eve will strike out on her own or as an operative of the twelve, while battling against her violent tendencies as they become harder and harder to control. I also predict their first meeting this season won't occur until the last few episodes. and although I don't foresee a psycho booty call, I wouldn't be surprised if the to share a bloody kiss. and those are all of my season 3 predictions. tell me. what do you guys think will happen this season? let me know in the comments. as always, thank you so much for watching. and if you liked this video, please do me a favor and give it a thumbs up. I'll see you guys next week. 