[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition and with Joker bringing smiles and laughter to a world that's cruel and dark, I thought I'd give my thoughts on the events of the film. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down my fan theory that all of the movie was in Arthur's head, and the evidence to support it. I've seen the film twice now, and the second time, the pointers were so glaring that I don't know how I missed it first watch. now we're going to be going over. I love the movie, so obviously there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch it yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. this is your last chance to back out. but if you're still here, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into a breakdown of Joker. okay, so Joker tells the story of Arthur Fleck and nobody in the city of Gotham that rises to the top and causes a riot that sees the death of the Wayne's Joker in the film, is an unreliable narrator that often hallucinates and imagines things that simply don't happen. but what if the majority of the events in the film didn't actually happen at all, and pretty much everything was in the characters head? well, personally, I believe that the film is actually about an insane inmate at arkham asylum that stopped taking his medication and created a fantasy in his head that he started an uprising that led to the deaths of the city's most affluent family. he kills a psychiatrist at the end, and there's a mad dash throughout the halls of the complex before he's caught and escorted back to his cell. now, the reason that he hates the Wayne's and wants to take responsibility for their deaths is because when he was growing up, his mother made him hate the family, most notably Thomas, who she said mistreated her when she worked at the manor none of the events in the movie, bother few flashes that we see of the asylum are real. and this is simply Arthur imagining that he's an important figure in Gotham that brung down the person he hates more than anything in the world. now else I can see a lot of people instantly disagreeing with this, and they don't really blame you just yet. but there's actually a lot of evidence to support this. firstly, let's jump to the ending of the film when we see Arthur being questioned by his psychiatrist. she asks him, what? what's so funny? and he begins laughing. Arthur simply can't contain himself. and we cut to his scene showing Bruce standing over the bodies of his dead parents, which shows that he finds it funny that they died. Arthur then continues laughing and says that you won't get the joke. and this is true, because the psychiatrist probably won't know about his dislike for the Wayans, and even if she did, she wouldn't understand why he would take so much Glee in their death. this seems like the first real, genuine laugh from Arthur in the film, who, up until this point has been only laughing due to his condition. but what if during the entire events of the film, he was actually always in the asylum? well, firstly, the big pointer of this to me comes early on in the movie, when Arthur is being questioned by his psychiatrist. she asks about his past at the asylum. and we cutted the characters smacking his head against the door to his cell before going back to his therapy session. personally, I don't think that this is a flashback at all, and that Arthur, at this point, is actually in the asylum imagining that he's a free man. and the mere question of Arkham makes him flash out of his delusion for a brief second, in which he has to hit his head once more in order to reenter it. we see more evidence of this later in the movie when Arthur is again speaking to his psychiatrist, but seemingly the final time, and he states that he feels like he never really existed. if the last point is true, then this interview is once again at the asylum, and Arthur is admitting that the person he imagines in his head doesn't really exist. and then it's all just make-believe. later in the film, and Arthur is trying to discover whether Thomas is his father. he grabs a file from a clerk played by Brian Tyree Henry and Sprint's off down the hall before stopping in a staircase to read it. but why did no one chase him? and how was he able to exit the building so easily without being stalked, surely the gods would be on high alert, knowing that he's trying to leave with a confidential document. yeah, we never see this. to me, this is because he never actually left the asylum, and instead stole the file, read it in the staircase and then was escorted back to his cell. Arthur also definitely didn't even meet Thomas Wayne in the movie. as we see when he's punched in the bathroom, that he stands over the sink, and we to him in his apartment in the exact same position, which I think is a clear indicator that he was never at the theater. what if he was never in his apartment either? well, we do see him climb into his bridge, and then the next scene he's in his bed with a phone ringing. all of these, I think, happened in his cell, and he's simply imagining the circumstances are different. to add deeper to his fantasy, Arthur admits in the film that he stopped taking his pills. and it could be that he was prescribed medication in the asylum, he stopped taking them by either hiding or flushing them. and this allows his fantasy to build. but disregarding that, the biggest and final pointer to me is the way that the finale is edited. in the final few moments of the movie, we see Arthur's standing on top of a cop car being cheered in the middle of the riot that has brought the city to its knees. we instantly flashed to Arthur being questioned, almost as if he's once again being snapped out of it. and for a brief second, he flashes back to the fantasy to see Bruce standing over their bodies. Arthur, at this point, is completely involved in the fantasy due to no longer taking his pills, and he snaps and kills his psychiatrist after realizing that none of the fantasy was real, before being chased through the halls of the asylum like scooby-doo. I really think when watching the film under the context that this is an insane inmate who is being interviewed, snapping in and out of his fantasy, that the film holds a lot of weight and actually makes more sense. and Arthur simply being delusional some of the time. now who knows, I might watch the film again and think that I'm completely wrong. but there are definitely some pointers, at the very least, that show that this might all be in his head. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on my theory. and if you agree with me or have your own did this video even happen? are you even watching it? what is YouTube? I don't know. make sure you comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it and go and check out my breakdown and review of Joker, which would be linked at the end. I got all over the film on a more surface level and give my thoughts on it and the controversy surrounding it. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you enjoyed this video, you want to come chat to me on Twitter, that make sure you follow me at the username on the screen. and if you want to join my discord, then make sure you click on the link in the description below. we've got an awesome community, and it's the best way to stay up to date with channel. also just wanna let you know that we're currently giving away a free copy of spider-man far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is to like this video. make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Joker in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random on October the 15th, and the blue arrow be shipped out from then Tuba gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 