hey guys. in today's movie recap, we're going to be fighting blind, but nearly indestructible aliens in a post-apocalyptic world. [Music]. enjoy. [Music]. the movie begins with lee, the protagonist of the first film, driving into a store to buy some oranges. while there, the news was reporting on some kind of bomb that went off in china. we cut to lee arriving at a park where his wife evelyn is pushing their youngest son, beau, on a swing. the abbott family are there to watch a baseball game in which their eldest son, marcus is playing. lee sits next to reagan, his eldest child and only daughter, who's deaf, and says hi to his friend emmett, who is sat behind them with his youngest son. emmett's eldest son bats the ball and makes a home run. as he runs to the final base, the crowd and emmett are shouting, dive. after this, emma asked reagan how to say dive, and she signals a diving motion with her hands in sign language. bow and evelyn wish mark is good luck. as he goes up to bat, marcus misses the first two balls then is distracted by a large meteor in the sky. the game stops and everyone starts heading back to their cars. raiken goes with her dad, and evelyn takes the boys. the aliens appear out of nowhere, wreaking havoc, attacking the street and turning people into mincemeat. day 474. the film cuts the moments after the events of a quiet place. one the abbott family leaves their home barefoot. just before leaving the farm, evelyn tells marcus and reagan to stay put while she quietly heads back into the flooded cellar and swims in search of an oxygen tank for the baby's soundproof carrier. meanwhile, reagan tells marcus she's going back to the house. reagan collects the amplifier and microphone. we later see reagan spawn a fire in the distance. she makes note of its position using a map and compass. the family heads out to the origin of the fire in search of help. they walk along the sandy path lee had created until they reach the furthest point. and then they quietly step onto the dry leaves and continue their journey. the family reaches a wired fence with an opening. as evelyn walks through her bag, gets caught and a small sound is made. she looks behind, concerned about the noise, and unknowingly triggers a tripwire that causes a bundle of bottles to fall and jangle. evelyn whispers to marcus and reagan, run. meanwhile, we cut to the perspective of a gun that has fixed its sights on the family. to make matters worse, aliens pull up. while running, marcus gets caught by a bear trap, which he takes like a champ, until he sees his injured foot, and then lets out a primal scream. evelyn tries to stop him screaming, while reagan uses the amp, microphone and a hearing aid to stun the alien. evelyn shoots the alien in the head as it struggles against the sound. the family heads inside the nearby derelict building. as they walk around a corner, a man grabs evelyn. he puts his hand on her mouth and signals an alien is nearby. the man leads the family to a soundproof fall underground. a towel over the latch of the fall reduces noise and prevents the latch from locking. once safe, he tells the family they can't stay. there isn't enough food or water. evelyn thinks she recognizes the man and says, emmet, to which emmett unmasked his face from the scarf and baseball cap he'd been wearing. he reiterates that they can't stay. evelyn asks about emmett's children, and he explains his son died on day one. evelyn asks about lola, his wife. he explains, lolo died 11 weeks ago. she got sick and they moved down to the soundproof basement, but the pain became unbearable. he could not silence her screams. i couldn't do enough, says emmet. evelyn asks if emmett would see the fires lit by lee each night, and if he knew it was him. emmett says he did. evelyn asked why he didn't come for them, since they were friends, and it explains that the people left have changed. you don't know, do you? they're not people worth saving. reagan goes to her brother, who's lying down, resting his mangled angle. reagan gives marcus headphones and plays radio, white noise to him, scrolling through the frequencies. suddenly, marcus hears music and straightens up. reagan stops turning the dial, and evelyn rushes over. marcus whispers music, and evelyn listens shocked. she turns to emmett, who explains, yes, it's just the song across the sea on a loop. that's all it ever does. reagan signs that he is a liar, telling her mom that dad would have heard it, he would have told us. edmond explains that you can't hear that signal down in the valley, which is where the abbots lived. he and lola only discovered it when they moved up here. in the middle of the night, she wakes marcus and they go to the soundproof fall to talk. reagan works out that the signal originates from an island nearby. reagan attempts to convince marcus to help her find a way to the radio tower by following railway tracks to the coast than finding a boat. she wants to get to the station so she can use the radio to transmit the high frequency noise her hearing aid produces. in this way, anyone can use a radio to play the high-pitched noise and protect themselves from the aliens, a significant step towards a better way of life. marcus is very worried and does not want reagan to go. reagan insists that she has to try because that's what dad would have done. reagan is forced to venture out on her own very early in the morning. after marcus threatens to tell mom, she leaves a note on the radio saying, keep listening. in the morning, after discovering that reagan is gone, evelyn pleased with emmett to go after her and bring her back. he eventually agrees, when evelyn says that she wishes leave was here to look him in the eye and tell him that reagan is exactly the type of person worth saving. meanwhile, reagan comes across a train station with a derailed train, and climbs aboard the front carriage. there are several dead bodies. she needs a first aid kit and finds her in the driver's booth, but struggles to open the door. she eventually reaches the box and takes it out, but the skeleton of the dead driver falls on her, causing her to scream. an alien arrives shortly thereafter, and reagan is trapped, struggling to hold the hearing aid to the microphone in one hand and operate the shotgun in the other. luckily, emmett arrives and shoots the creature. they hide in the nearby station office due to the fear that the noise will have attracted more aliens. emin explains he is here to take her home. reagan is not happy and says, what home? reagan explains her plan to emmett and says that before when his wife died, there wasn't anything he could do, but now there is. emmett decides to help her complete the mission. back at emmett's base, evelyn has to leave marcus and the baby to get supplies, medicine for marcus's foot and more oxygen tanks for the baby. marcus is very scared and doesn't want her to go. evelyn explains his foot will get worse, and she can't lose him too. marcus understands and lets her go. she heads on over to the store. along the way, she passes the bridge where bo died. she touches the photographs on the makeshift shrine they left, and then places her wedding ring on top of the cross. back at the base, after getting the baby to sleep, marcus exits the bunker and explores the compound for no good reason whatsoever. the camera cuts to the baby's oxygen tank, the gauge for which is in the red zone. heading upstairs, marcus finds a room covered in drawings of emmet's sons. behind some curtains separating a section of the room, he finds a decomposed body of emmett's wife, lola. this startles him, and he accidentally knocks a few objects over, alerting a nearby alien to his location. he runs back to the basement, grabs the baby and heads into the vault. he then steps out again to grab the stopwatch and radio. as the alien encroaches, he's able to get into the vault and close the door, though the towel is not over the latch, and the door locks shut, unbeknownst to marcus. by nightfall, eminent reagan reach some docks and look for a boat that they can take to reach the island. they find a little girl at the end of the dock. emmett goes up to her, and she suddenly traps him in a noose. several feral people appear and begin to search regan for supplies. they take her hearing aid and rucksack full of supplies then begin to lead her away. emmett signs dive to reagan. well, that came in handy. then he wriggles open the netting, making lots of noise in the process, and grabs the man who took reagan's hearing aid. several aliens appear and attacked the docks, killing a number of people. is still holding the man, stabbing him in the leg, causing him to scream and attracting the alien. emmett dives into the water, and the feral man is killed by the alien. the creature hears emmet swimming in the water and jumps after him, only to drown as it cannot swim. a small boat comes by, and reagan's hand reaches out to him. he climbs aboard and opens his mouth to reveal reagan's hearing aid. in the corner of the screen, we see an alien stranded on one of the other boats that has detached from the docks. amidst the chaos. back in the bunker, marcus is struggling to breathe, and we see from the watch that he's running out of time. he tries to open the door, struggling, before realizing his mistake and giving up. he opens the baby carrier to find the baby screaming with a pained expression. he starts sharing the oxygen with the baby until he passes out. meanwhile, evelyn returns to the compound with the supplies, and here's the commotion. she tracks the alien over with the gunshot, then tries to blow him up by shooting one of the oxygen tanks. damn, are these things indestructible? fortunately, the fire does at least trigger the sprinklers. the noise of the sprinklers help evelyn navigate around the alien and return to the basement. she hides inside the bunker with marcus and the baby as the alien waits just outside. reagan and emmett approached the island, where they find a colony of people living normal lives. after the government realized the creatures could not swim, the national guard had as many people as possible put on the islands. now here's the bad news, an alien ends up on the island after having been stranded on a boat following the incident at the docks. emmett tries to warn everyone, but it's no use. it goes absolutely berserk, slicing and dicing as many people as they can, though, emmett, reagan and their new friend are able to lured away in their car. they drive off to the radio station, but suffer casualty upon arrival. reagan and emmit quietly sneak their way over to the broadcasting room. things are tense, but all is surprisingly going well. that is until the damn door squeaks. it's always the squeaky doors. emmett jumps in the way, catching a cloth to the leg. his sacrifice wasn't in vain though, as he is able to buy reagan enough time to unveil her ultimate superpower, being deaf. the now weakened alien is no match. reagan finishes it off with a satisfying blow to the head. on the other end of things, marcus hears the signal and realizes his sister's mission was a success. he takes off the headphones and bombards the creature with the piercing sounds before blowing its brains out. 