I'd see you guys asked me to watch a movie named Veronica and Netflix. and when I went on there, it was freaking to movies named Veronica. I don't even know which one you guys wanted me to review, since they were both new, they're both in Spanish, and they're both thrillers. but of course, since, you know, I'm a man of the people, i'ma break both down for you. so I'm gonna start with the first one, about a psychologist, and then the ouija horror one, which I think most of you guys wanted right here at this point. so let me explain. see, when it comes to psychology, not everything is gonna be black and white. but, um, this movie is pretty much, it's about a retired therapist who takes on another case because they gave her the bag. about this girl who was abused, and a girl whose last therapist went missing. so his therapist decides to invite her to her freaking secluded mountain home. it turns out that this girl has nightmares that Kaza to wake up and like, chronically masturbate a lot. the pretty much, teenage boys just call us wet dreams. but eventually things start getting so trippy and seductive. the camera turns into like these POV shots, and we get these lesbo scenes shot like an ex art video. and the patient becomes the master, pretty much. the therapist ends up going crazy, and she kicks out the patients, and we get one of the biggest exposition scenes of 2018. so it turns out that the the therapist is actually named Veronica, hence the title of the movie. she was abused as a child, and she ends up creating the patients out of an anagram of her own name. but then it turns out now this really is Veronica, and she created her own psychologist after being abused and eventually killing her own mama. why has got to make this overly complicated and dizzy? so yeah, really what happens is that you got this 25 year old chick right here who goes all identity and creates an alter ego of a psychologist based off of a random teacher she once had. the reason she's doing all this is because she was abused by her mom when she was younger. and then one day she decides to just straight-up kill her mom in the shed. and that's the day that she places the call in the beginning of the movie, to herself, to then diagnosed herself, and then do it with herself. so nothing really gets fixed for her. but, uh, yeah, there was a twist. I give it a stream. it's now, what I do want to give a junior price to is this crazy movie, also called Veronica. I think this is the one that you guys were recommending to me, because a lot of people were like, super hyped up on this movie, but Nana yet told me it was the onic. I was sitting there, 4 a.m. in the morning, thinking, I'm about to watch our rom-com about a girl named Veronica, and all of a sudden this happens. [Applause]. now, I did my research on this thing, and it actually used to be called El expedient, which means case file. since it was based off of two real-life stories over in Spain. one is known as the Vallecas case, which, in 1991, there was this girl in Spain named estefania Gutierrez Lazaro, I believe, related to this guy, who decided to play with a Ouija board, which you never do. her parents started seeing shadows, things moving. and this girl ends up in a psychiatric ward where she dies mysteriously. the crazy thing is, is that the official police report for this thing is cited and stamped as including paranormal activity. so like, yeah, people freaked out over it. now, Veronica, the movie, is based off of that case. and the director has said himself that, you know, he's taking liberties. that's why it's called Veronica. it's completely different. the the police thing that you hear in the beginning isn't real. it's his own story. and for fans, it's also the most override story, because they keep brewing it for others. is it the scariest? yeah, maybe, if your name is Veronica. this chick does the same thing that we read in the case file. she uses a Ouija board on the day of a solstice, cuz I guess that's when you get the best Wi-Fi with the spirits. and while she's trying to contact her dead father, she becomes a possessed daughter. she's at a Catholic school, so one of the nuns who gouged her eyes out to Nazi demons didn't work, tells her that she has a demon in her yeah, no, duh, lady. Veronica then has to protect her siblings from all the crazy things going on in the house. but get this, the big choice that we have here is that she ends up being the one who's tormenting them the whole time. I don't know if you guys remember the movie hide-and-seek, and I guess I kind of slightly spoiled it, but I mean, it was like a very obscure movie. y'all should go watch that. that's kind of what's going on here. it's actually her who's the possessed one and the one who's haunting her own siblings, well, at the same time having them call out for her jacked up stuff. anyways, after having her cavities checked, disrespecting Chef Boyardee in the scene, finding something worse than bedbugs, she decides that the best thing to do to get rid of this demon that was caused by a seance is to hold another seance, this time with her siblings. grow you don't touch the stove after it burned you. once the police come in and try to save the day, Veronica gets pretzeled, and guys, the kids get saved. and you realize that in order for all of this to have been fixed with no problems whatsoever, they should have gotten ed. and Lorraine Warren, thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm Kirsten. it passed. this was one that you guys had recommended. so if there's a, whatever you thought the scariest scene was in let me know down below. because I thought, other than them opening their mouths and stuff, it would save spooky. listen, photography was good as well. like I said, I give it her I give it a junior price. I'm curious to know any other pass that you guys have down below in the comment section. don't forget to come and like and subscribe. and I will not send you a Ouija board. I will not 