hello everyone. in this video, i will be breaking down countdown. this movie is based on an app that tells you how much time you have left to live. when your time runs out, a demon will kill you in a quick but scary way. the movie starts off with people enjoying their time at a party. and there are a lot of red cups. this particular group of friends is talking about each other and some other people behind their backs. one of them is on their phone and stumbles on an app called countdown. this girl says that the purpose of the app is to tell whoever downloads it how long they have to live. the whole group downloads the app, and most of them have decades left to live, except for courtney. the app on her phone says she only has a few hours to live. but obviously the group is not taking this seriously. courtney is about to leave with her drunk boyfriend, but she doesn't want to drive and have the app predict her death. she arrives home, and when her time runs out, she is killed by something pulling her into the air. she was actually supposed to be killed if she drove with her boyfriend, because he crashed the car and a tree branch went straight through the seat she would be sitting in. we meet the main character, quinn. she is a nurse and checks in with the survivor of the car crash. evan tells her that the app correctly predicted courtney's death. he also tells her that the app says he will die when he is in surgery. quinn tells one of her coworkers this in hopes she will comfort him. when quinn is with her co-workers, they all have downloaded the app, and this guy has 57 years left to live. quinn also downloads the app and agrees to the terms and conditions, only to find out she has a few days left to live. then this doctor walks into the elevator and weirdly touches her on the neck. we see that evan only has a few minutes left to live, so he runs away in hopes of surviving. while in the hallway, a person in a cloak stands still behind him. he is able to get into the stairwell when he sees a lady with her body on backward. seconds later, he gets thrown off the stairwell and dies. quinn is now very paranoid, so she goes to evan's body to unlock his phone. while walking through the hallway, the app tells her the agreement was broken, and we see the cloaked being in the other room. quinn gets home and searches for the countdown app. she opens up a video link of a girl supposedly seeing creepy things, and then she dies seconds later. but everyone thinks it's fake, because quinn can't get the app off her phone. she takes it to a phone repair shop. she buys a new phone and sees the countdown app is already back. while at a bar, quinn starts to talk with matt, who also only has a few hours left to live, according to the countdown app. they use this guy's phone to read the apps agreement. they realize that because they altered their fate, the agreement was broken, resulting in them dying when the countdown is done. this priest tells them to see the demonologist that is at the hospital. when they go to the hospital, quinn is pulled away by one of her co-workers. matt is in the bathroom and sees a kid's feet turn in the other direction. the lights flash, and this kid jumps out at him. but then disappears. when the lights turn back on, queen and matt find the demonologist in hopes he can help them. father john shows them a book and explains that what's happening to them happened to a prince hundreds of years ago. he also says that the demon responsible for this is named ozin. quinn and matt meet with the phone repairman in hopes they can help them. again, he is able to hack into the app's code and manually change how much time they have left to live. matt and quinn are very relieved that they now have more years left to live, because they are still scared. they both agree to spend the night together at quinn's home. while talking, quinn brings up a story about when she went out to a party, and when her mom went looking for her, she died when a drunk driver hit her. matt is in bed with quinn when we actually see him walk into the room. they realized that the app hack didn't work, and they now only have a few hours left to live. quinn's sister also only has a few hours left to live, and the demon ozin is scaring her. quinn grabs her sister and all three of them go to father john in hopes he can help them. he says he can beat ozin if he proves he is a liar. so all he has to do is keep them alive for one second longer than what the time says. they get into a protective circle that is surrounded by holy salt. so when ozin shows up, it cannot reach them because they are protected. ozin appears as matt's dead brother and gets him to step outside the circle so it can grab him. when quinn finds him, he suddenly gets hit by a car. right on time. quinn goes to the hospital to treat her sister's wounds. when rachel tells her about the things the creepy doctor has done to her. because they only have a few minutes left, she decides to try and kill the creepy doctor to prove ozin is a liar. the doctor follows her into a closed part of the hospital. when she jumps out and starts to beat the man. she is about to kill him, but ozin helps him out and drags him away. her sister's time is almost up, so ozin terrorizes her by scaring her and throwing her through windows, right before he kills her. queen shows up and has another plan. she decides to kill herself by overdosing on morphine to prove ozin is a liar and break the curse. ozin holds quinn up and then disappears into black dust. quinn's sister runs over to her and sees instructions written on her arm. she grabs the drugs and is able to revive quinn. later, the family visits her mom's grave, and everything seems back to normal, until the countdown app is back on her phone. that is how the movie ends. let me know what you think of this movie. and if you enjoy this content, feel free to watch some of my other videos. 