hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we are talking about the 1996 film, Mission Impossible, the first film in the Mission Impossible series. so let's get started. the film's heard set up following Jim Phelps, the head of a team known as the impossible mission force, or IMF. the team is being used to intercept a man in Prague who is trying to steal the IMF non-official cover list, also known as the NOC list, which links code names of agents to their real names. this would be highly valuable to those who want to get rid of these agents. however, the mission goes wrong, and nearly the entire team is killed, including the team lead, Jim Phelps and his wife Claire, all except Ethan Hunt, who does survive. Ethan sets up a meeting with the IMF Director, Eugene Kittredge. Ethan finds out that the whole job was a ruse to try to lure out a mole in the IMF, who has been communicating with an arms dealer named Max as part of something known as job 314. Kittredge suspects that Ethan is the mole, as he is the sole survivor of the mission, and Ethan realizes he is surrounded by IMF agents. Ethan escapes and returns back to his safe house. there he discovers that job 314 is not actually a job, but is referring to the book of Job from the Bible, which are spelt the same. while at the safehouse, Clare Jim Phelps wife, returns, explaining that she ran from the car she was in before it exploded. once the mission was aborted, Ethan sets up a meeting with the arms dealer max, who turns out to be an older British woman. and Ethan tells her that he will give her the real NOC list in exchange for ten million dollars and the identity of job who is the mole in IMF. Ethan recruits Luther stickell, a computer expert, as well as Franz Krieger, a pilot, in order to break into the CIA headquarters to steal the real NOC list. there's a great deal of security, and they must come in from the ceiling, but eventually they're able to get the list. Kittredge finds out that the list has been taken and has Ethan's parents that rested on trumped up charges to get Ethan to column. Ethan intentionally lets them track him to London to bringing the IMF to him. Ethan runs into Jim Phelps, we had previously thought was dead. Jim tells Ethan that Kitteridge is behind the whole attack, which Ethan pretends to agree with. but Ethan realizes that Jim is the mole, was the reason his team is dead, and is really joke. they part ways, but Ethan is uncertain if Jim's wife, Claire, was involved or not. Ethan sets up an exchange for the NOC list on a high-speed train, while max attempts to verify the list. Ethan takes the ten million dollars and Claire comes to meet him. however, Claire reaches the baggage car and meets with her husband Jim, where she talks about whether they should kill Ethan or not. however, Jim is not actually Jim, but Ethan wearing a mask and a ploy to test whether Claire is working with Jim. the real Jim appears and takes the ten million dollars from Ethan. Ethan puts on glasses with video capabilities to relate to the IMF agents aboard the train that Jim is still alive. Jim tries to shoot Ethan, but Claire ends up taking the bullet. Jim climbs to the roof of the Train where Krieger, the pilot that Ethan used earlier in the film, is waiting to airlift him off the train. they enter into a tunnel, and using some explosive gum from earlier in the movie, Ethan blows up the helicopter, killing Jim and Krieger. Kittredge arrests max on the train, and Annapolis is returned. Ethan and Stickle are exonerated, but Ethan resigns from the IMF. however, aboard a flight home, a flight attendant uses a coded phrase and offers him a new mission, indicating he probably does take it. well, that was the spoilers for Mission Impossible. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 