listen, I've always felt there's been two generations to the Fast &amp; Furious franchise, like the first four focused so much on cars, and then everything after that just became a superhero franchise. but out of the two big car series that are out there, I'm taking this one all the way. we also got digital codes, thanks to our sponsor, Experian, that we'll be giving out at the end of the video. because if you haven't seen any of these films, I'm telling you right now, you're in for an insane ride. full spoilers. let me explain. so it's crazy to think that this franchise is already 20 years old. clearly things are a little bit different than they were bagging o1. this was during the time when David Ayer was still writing great movies. but having got the 4k set in order to get all the special features and the extended editions for this video, it also made me think was the first one even shot in 4k. either they're selling me a DVD with the number four on it, or they've known this was going to be a massive hit and thought ahead. the story originated from an article about street racing that intrigued the director but instead of sticking with the name redline for the production, he made a deal with Roger Corman, who titled his 1955 film The Fast and the Furious. but what's funny is that he didn't ask for money really. and I said to Universal, okay, I'll take a small amount of money, but I would like to have free access to your stock footage library. and they agreed. I took the stock footage from their TV series Spartacus and cut them together with a picture called Cyclops, which I made for the sci-fi channel. and I got a letter from Tom Vitali, the head of the sci-fi channel, saying, Cyclops is the biggest and best picture anybody has ever made for sci-fi, courtesy of The Fast and the Furious. that means this dude literally owns their footage. I don't know how sly he got with it, but it sounds like he pulled a Jacob and Esau, and now he's copyright free. anyway, in terms of the story, we began by following these thieves who are stealing these thick Panasonic 17-inch displays. this is where Bryan, an undercover cop, tries to get in on the racing scene by buying a lot of NAS. I love how in the scene when we're waiting for Don for the race, because he's the big dude everyone's looking up to, it looks like this guy waited all night and day just to shake Dom's hand. this man canceled all those plans just to be able to touch Dom. Toretto, Ray J's also a racer who has terrible ADR. since I'm assuming they needed more nos, shoutouts, there are revving up their engines. one dudes playing PlayStation. and then they hit you with these special effects that not even the newest ones can rival. in fact, the way they filmed it was by having the actors in the car, but the car was just a frame that's on back of a semi driving at a high speed. and I couldn't tell if these effects were from the past, present or future. what are you smiling about? - Dom was had. hmm, this is where the flame starts. luckily for Brian, he ends up getting the in with Dom since he's a cop who rescues him from other cops. he'll also eventually be in with Dom's sister. in fact, when you really look at it, it's these two that are in a relationship, not really these two, you know, because you got Vince, who sort of like the ex, who gets all jealous. Brian even goes to the extent of jeopardizing his job in the LAPD in order to help Dom. when he's about to get caught, he tells me of the truth and arrives just in time to rescue Vince dangling off a semi like Buzz and Woody. and even though it's Dom's ex, and he bragged Toretto's heart for lying about being a cop, Brian reveals he is 1 in order to save Dom's ex. this is officer Brian O'Conner. I'm off-duty. MAPD a life white rule out right away. oh, the betrayal, the disgust on Tom's face. this is a good movie. they make it out of one fight to arrive at another, losing one of their young sidekicks, but then have the biggest fight of their relationship before racing it out and literally calling it evil. overall, I get why. it's a beloved Street rendition of Point Break of a bromance that would eventually build into a franchise that would surpass it. and it even had an after credit sequence before modern sought-after different ventures. and so Ludacris said diesel chose to do xxx with the director of the first Fast &amp; Furious movie. and he also did Chronicles of Riddick, which I love. so I'm not complaining for him venture a couple. but he also thought the script was so bad that he actually denied 25 million dollars. meanwhile, Paul Walker, Paul Walker returns as Brian, who's a criminal after letting DOM go in the last movie. but you'll quickly find out the government doesn't really care how much Brian betrays them. they'll give him a gun in each installment. this time he's working with officials to clear his name, and he needs to find these cars with the help of Eva Mendes, his character, as well as an old friend named Roman, who actually got him into cars before things got ugly. was Brian following his dreams of being a cop, Roman getting arrested. it's, it's a big love triangle going on here, and it ain't that subtle. [Music]. [Applause]. neither is the love that people had for Paul Walker. as much flack as this one gets, I do think it has some nice shots I love how they treat the car scene like the Wild West, where you can just race and steal another man's fifty thousand dollar car. it was no uber back then, so they got a walk more than Frodo after this. I love the Lion King Stampede scene that was done with all these cars. there's also a bunch of corny one-liners always, I suppose see it means you're always getting in trouble for female, forget about her. but overall, it's goofy. it's not the best, but seeing a franchise reach this point and then becoming what it now is, it's kind of a glow up at this point, you know. and really wanted to come back to this thing, thankfully, director Justin Lin picks this off like an abandoned child and adopts it, literally. he takes his fast story line through six, and he's coming back for nine. since it was too expensive to get these large groups, they actually went full method directing and shot them amongst real pedestrians with safety precautions. I assume he heard real drifters and would lie to police officers about being the director in order to get away with it. he stars here on the factory two. okay, they can't catch it. they don't even try. I can confirm this, this ain't true. this one also sets the stage for how international it's going to be. it's kind of funny to think that this one was once considered too over-the-top. oh boy. both rappers left, and let lil bow-wow come in as a military brat named Twinkie, who befriends and introduces Shawn to the drifting scene. Shawn recently moved to Tokyo to live with his dad after the stewed stir ste girlfriend offered herself up as a prize for a race winner gets me. and since he lost his girl and the race, jock man decides to RAM Shawn's car. and that thought he wanted you be, ends up with a new face. now that he's in Tokyo, his high-school self is interacting with full-grown Yakuza members like this guy named Takashi. a lot of the tension comes from their mutual affection for their Gabriella Montez. but luckily, Han a business partner - Takashi gets both Mila and Shawn to eventually move in with them. he takes care of them teaches them how to drift. they watch pip my ride together. and a fun fact, his full name is actually Han Solo, which is a pretty clever nod, because both got to do four movies before dying. we're given some interesting transitions in this movie, like this midsummer one with the plane here, that I thought was pretty cool, this steering wheel that's we're onto the next night, which I thought was hilarious. but then we get the final race to determine who's DK. and they decide to drift down a giant mountain where Shawn gets rammed again. you'll spend, you'll spend all this time detailing these cars just to ram other dudes on dhunda Takashi ends up driving himself off a cliff. Shawn becomes the drag king and gets the girl, as he gets challenged in the end by not an acquaintance of Han, not a friend of Hans, but a family member. interesting thing about this cameo, he wasn't initially gonna do it since he hated the script again, but diesel took a page out of Corbin's book and asked for the rights to the Riddick franchise in exchange for pulling up at the end, meaning he literally owns the role because of this cameo. and it's that exact cameo that was so explosive from the fans that had greenlit another movie. [Music], like I said, they love the title so much, they used it twice. make sense, since this is a reboot of itself. technically four, five and six are supposed to be its own trilogy. we're seven, eight and nine, we're gonna be another one that's obviously been slightly altered. but this one brings the gang back together for the first time. so they just, they just drop the dust bin. comes back as producer and even directed a short film titled los bandoleros that sets up the opening scene for this one, which they also did for too fast, too furious with turbocharge that showed how brian got to miami. this one begins with them robbing a gasoline truck, with the chase putting let the endanger, having to jump and be captured by diesel fare biceps. and this happens. it's also important to remember that drift takes place after six, so Han appears here, thus making the chronological order to the movies look like this. in this one, Dom was ready to quit the lifestyle after almost losing Letty, but she says, Matt, I'm staying. and there's nothing she dies in the next stunt. that's what causes DOM and Brian to work together again. since they have a mutual enemy in this drug lord named Arturo Braga. they infiltrate the cartel. they drive cars and tunnels, but then run out of gas once diesel gets arrested. so they go get this is the one that just became a new franchise in my opinion. you throw a rock in the mix, you move into another country, and it is crazy. [Music]. oh man, if only you were there. this is the one where they really became a team, ah familia, if you will. this is the first time these two embrace each other since me is about to have a child. we bring back Luna and Tyreese, who begin their banter when you don't get Martin Luther King his car back. as soon as you give Rick James his jacket back. it secured gal gadot as Wonder Woman, his legs. baby girl, what time do they over? but the best part, easily is having the rock and vin diesel fight each other, you know, all the other bad guys in the other movies. all right, fighting Gaston in the next one. okay. but I've always said, if you have two actors that you want to root for, you got these two brands going head-to-head. it's crazy. and in real life, I don't even know who to root for. the group setting up to rob this drug lord named Reyes, who has 100 million dollars in the safe. Hobbs, however, is the agent sent over to capture them. when the FBI wants to find somebody, that's who they call in this one. Brian finally beats his boo in a race. right there. he let off the throttle at the line, you didn't do nothing. let you win. kinda yow. uses her assets to get a finally printed fingerprints for the vault. and we even get to see Vince from the first one. but then he dies. you know, we name the Matthew Sunmi gonna. technically, dom does whoop the rocks ass and spares his life because it's co-star stopped them, and i'm a way to transport them to racks. entire crew dies. luckily, make some new friends as dom saves his life again. and we get what little low highschool ellamy thought was the coolest action sequence of all time, as they race with these vaults behind them, like, oh, geez. like the train stunts, maybe the drifting bid is someone's favorite, I can see at our stunt. maybe this one is mine, especially because they end up bamboozling the rock. at the end, they get all 100 million. the families about to get a little bit bigger. and Tyreese hints at our location, two movies from them. I made a sheikh in Abu Dhabi an offer he could not refuse. we then get this after credit scene where Eva Mendes's character comes back and reveals that Letty is still alive. you believe in ghosts? I did. after that. since this is a super long video, I want to take a quick sec to give a shout-out to our sponsor, experienced. since you never know when five seconds of footage will ding all your work, we got a couple of digital codes we're gonna be giving out over on Twitter, thanks to our partnership with them. so they're hooking you up with these movies, which is the best I can ask for. but they also have a really cool product that helps you boost your credit scores instantly. now, one that's important if you're saving up to be like Dom Toretto and own your own dodge charger. but - it's also a service that's completely free, and you don't even need a credit card number. I asked the family accountant, and it turns out that their firm trusts it, so I'm glad I'm in good hands. but pretty much, experience offers this service called boost that allows you to submit your water bills, gas, electric, cable, trash, phones and build credit through your utilities, which you couldn't do before. so now, instead of waiting months, you can get a boost instantly. you can even turn it off at any time, if that's what you're into. Experian boost can potentially help you establish or increase your access to credit. it's safe, secure and 100% free, no credit card required. boost your FICO score instantly for free by heading over to Experian comm slash. let me explain. so this is the finale of the first trilogy. in fact, if this movie was supposed to be so long, they wanted to split it into two movies, like infinity war endgame. the first part is my favorite part of this video. err the first part was supposed to be called the fast it was gonna end with the tank scene. and then part two would have been called the furious boy. if they don't do that for the tenth I like to recap that. they give us at the beginning. they play whizzes first song in this franchise, and the next one is gonna end up being one of the biggest songs of all time. everyone gathers back up together, since let these alive and they need to take down Owen Shaw, who's this criminal diesel, straight up leaves his partner, who he just met in the last one, played by Elsa Pataky, Thor's wife and the mother to the most beautiful children we'll see later. this one also stars Gina Kirino, who loses the road to Wonder Woman as gaol. also goes for one last get up before a sacrifice, [Music]. [Applause]. [Music] to go work for DC. it's also Hans last mission before Tokyo. they also brought back Don Ahmad and Calderon, and it's still these two fighting. you better hide your baby oil. I'm just playing. you better hide that big-ass forehead after they find Letty, they realize that her Minds been wiped, and she shoots Dom. you don't think about comfor even when they do. my man really pulled the 50 first dates just to get back with her. what else do you know about me? everything. my favourite bit is when the guys are fighting. Joe from the raid series. he's also in the night comes for us on Netflix. highly recommended this. do look them so hard. my man just walked off the set while they took five. they got a take. I'm sorry. did somebody just say a tank? this is officially where the fast and furious becomes a superhero movie. like, look, it's dope Billy. his shirt is in more pain than he is. that shirt is whiter than when you put it on this morning. it's like a superhero group. I love how the Rockets bamboozled yet again in another movie. as we then cut to the longest air script known to man. like they did the math on this and its fans, almost 29 miles. o'hare is like two miles max. this is like Toy Story 2 meets the length of Mad Max. and the fight scenes were WWE level wrong team. [ __ ]. luckily, they defeat the bad guys just as they were about to run a runway, and they live to see another installment [Music]. in retrospect, it's crazy because it ended up being the fastest to a billion at the time. it's also the second most illegally stream movie ever, behind interstellar. and obviously there was going to be a lot going on in this one. there was scheduling conflicts with the entire cast, hence why the rock appears in the beginning. he's in the hospital, and then conveniently comes when his schedules free and they can use them. the death of Paul Walker obviously halted production even further. but because there was so much money already invested, this is the seventh in a major series, and they already had a trilogy planned, there was a bunch of rewrites that needed to happen before they started production again. then on top of that, Justin Lin was swapped out for James Wan who, most of us know him as creating horror nightmares. but the making of this must have been the biggest nightmare. at the end of 6, that's when Han goes to Tokyo. and we actually get an after credits scene in that movie that calls back to Tokyo Drift, revealing to us that Owen Charles brother, Deckard Shaw actually has something to do with this. Dominic Toretto, you don't normally you're that's her. and so we realized why DOM was in Japan to begin with, especially since she'll tried blowing up his family. Father of the year for Brian. but look at VIN. if you've seen the first six you know Jason is screwed. I don't fear the bad guys in the Fast &amp; Furious movies, I feel what Ben's gonna do to them. this time it ain't just about being a fast they're also being extra furious, like, extra, extra, extra furious. so much happens in this movie. I swear it could be three movies. they're still dealing with Letty, not knowing anybody. she legit is a fan who's starting on Furious 7. they're looping back to Tokyo Drift, which now takes place in 2014. I guess we got them really dropping cars out of planes for this stunt. they're then driving one car into another tower. they're saving the Sunday, who was a hacker in possession of this tech called God's eye they're trying to make us believe Ludacris can do this when he never did that before. and they still managed to fit in some promo. would you like one myself? to me, these guys have officially taken the mantle of Stallone and Schwarzenegger like they had back in the day. you know, they're the everyday man and the gym buff. it's at this point that James Wan is just prepping for Aquaman, since they're literally colliding into each other without a scratch. and in the end, they decide to take the fight to LA cuz, you know what? every city deserves to be treated like New York. think about street fights, the street always wins. the entire ending is bonkers. Bryan's fighting down the stairs like it's Magic Mountain. they're swapping passengers at intersections. they ram into each other again, except this time VIN was playing a hungry, hungry hippo with his damn car. by this point, the rock finishes up Hercules, pauses, literally watching his own football highlights on TV, and says, that work. then comes the big one. remember when he punched and flew in the last one? well, now his car is doing that Dom let the I'm more worried about the car. seeing of sequel, Dom's near-death experience brings back all of let these memories. and then we get the ending that, even though it was spoiled on the poster, I'm pretty sure it still got all of us. they reflect on Brian, who's sitting on the beach and he's getting ready to have another child. they even tell Tyrese to shut up. and we get this insane moments in movies, because this character gets to be retired and live on forever. and I know it's a blockbuster, and some people believe it's too manufactured, but I don't know. not to me, you know, this is a franchise that's always emphasized family, and now one of them is really gone. Dom then pulls an a/b and tries to leave without saying it behind. but obviously, a CGI Brian was going to catch up. and if you weren't crying by this points, then they hit you with the flashback montage of them that can only happen with this 15 years cinematic history that they share. and I remember watching this movie the first time and seeing it resonate with people like never before, cuz these were buds. they loved each other, but also hated each other. they weren't superheroes, at least not in the beginning. these were two actors who were playing every day guys who came together, had their doubts about it at some points, but then bonded and created one of the biggest franchises of all time, one that didn't need to diversify later. it was like that from the start. it was made for everybody. and on that ending, I saw a lot of people remembering people they had lost, and seeing that emotion encapsulated on screen, that movie magic that brought back someone who was gone, but allowed us to be able to say goodbye one last time. I thought you could leave without saying goodbye. [Music] you. now somebody say the ending to last one was perfect. I say that that that's me. I'm the one. but at the same time, they did have plans to make it up to nine at least. so as fate would have it, 1/8 was inevitable. it was it even necessary necessary? nothing is necessary. I'll cover more of the drama behind the scenes with VIN and the rock and briefs yelling from his own corner, but I'll save that for the Hobbes and Shaw video, since this is getting pretty long and there's going to be a lot of spin-offs coming out. trust me. at this time, this still holds the third biggest opening of all time. and just like what seven, I don't love it, but it does some things well. like I said, watching it back with the feud in mind is hilarious. look at this. body's not even cold. um, your family's already replacing you, pretty much. cypher is this new villain who's actually been controlling things since the fifth movie, making her the ultimate boss, until we get whoever's above her. we also find out Dom had a kid with Elena, who didn't say a word about it in the last one, nor in six would she claims, you find out, nor did her partner, d'Alene, you okay, I'm fine. yes, ma'am. let's go. and so the star of the franchise has to become the villain as Cyprus holding Dom's family hostage and forces him to steal the God's eye surveillance Tech from the last movie. we end up with some new characters, since we can't bring Brian and me into this, like really, you you can't. and so the cast, Scott Eastwood, who actually was best friends with Paul. I knew him for over 20 years. there's also mr. nobody, who was introduced in the last one. and just like cypher, the screenwriter has mentioned how the roles are meant to span multiple films. and if you're asking me, I personally think he's gonna end up being a big evil mastermind. I don't care how much he's been helping the group. then obviously, everything else gets ramped up to 11. we get Dom reversing, like Ghost Rider at the beginning. the rock spends half the movie making Hans killer and almost baby murder likable since he's about to have a spinoff with them. well, that's sexist. Shaw, I will beat your ass like a Cherokee drum. well, oh, we get introduced to Helen Mirren, who ends up being mama. Shaw, so not only do we have the two brothers and the mom, they forgot to put the sister in the file because I guess they didn't finish writing the script for the spin-off, but we also have the watchdog bits that I was a big fan of, where they're controlling all of the cars and literally throwing them overboard. can you imagine what I'm filming this movie? you're just looking at your office like, what? uh? help. we get the rock punching a torpedo. Vin Diesel murders a giant slayer. and right when Toretto's about to die, his family comes in and shields him. now not a lot of people know this, but the F and family actually stands for fireproof. we get a nice send-off. as they all get reunited, they set their differences aside and introduce a new member to live by me. everyone, meet Brian. thank you guys for watching this video. and a big thank you to Experian. I'm curious to know your thoughts. which is your favorite movie? who's your favorite character? I personally got to go with 5-1. and then just the ending to seven. that said, there's some miscellaneous facts that I have here that I want to bring up. did you know that Dom's charger actually belongs to his father? meaning we can get a prequel about that one at one point. in the first one, Michelle Rodriguez and Jordana Brewster both have licenses when they started the franchise. that's crazy. some of the production stuff. there was a horse that actually died. it got obliterated in the fate of the Furious when an iceberg prop just demolished it. so it's safe to say they didn't have this in the credits. and then in Furious 6, Tyrese is here. it's so weird, but I found this in the extra and the bonus features. I didn't find it anywhere else online. I really mean it when I said I went through every single thing in the blu-ray boxset, the 4k box set, and and this one was worth it. I was watching the special features, and Justin Lin the director started talking about the weirdest effect they had to do for the movie. like, you know, they had a tank, that a plane, but the weirdest effect was this plane scene where Teresa's ear kept flapping. and so they had to put some effects on that, like cavils, mustache. I just thought it was the funniest thing. other than that, I'm curious to know your guys thoughts. again, boy, your favorite movie in the franchise is where you hope it goes? I'm telling you, they're gonna do a drift series. I'm telling you, mr. nobodies a bad guy. I'm not trusting him. that much. but other than that occasion, are your thoughts? think you guys for watching this video. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you some nuts. 