welcome to the man of recaps. we're talking daredevil, season 1. daredevil is a blind superhero. he was in a car accident as a kid, but the toxic chemicals gave him super other senses, so he can hear well enough to see a lot, like a bat. unfortunately, Batman was taken. so here we are. by day, he's Matt Murdock, attorney-at-law, because justice is blind, get it? he's got his best friend and partner, foggy Nelson, who's his goofy sidekick. one day, Karen Paige wakes up in her apartment covered in this guy's blood, with a knife in her hand. pretty open-and-shut case, but Nelson and Murdock go to check it out. and she's like, I have no idea. I think I was drugged and I'm being set up. and because he's got super-hearing, he knows that she's telling the truth, so they take the case. she was working for this big company called Union allied, and she accidentally discovered evidence that they were doing crime and stuff. so that's why she thinks they're trying to kill her. she goes to stay at Matt's apartment for a while. and just changes right in front of him. you know, one of the perks of being blind, but not really blind. that night, she sneaks back to her apartment to grab the USB drive that she had with all the data on it, but a guy's there to try to kill her. oh no, Leslie daredevil shows up, and he's like, boom, BAM. kick him and punch him. the fight spills out onto the street, and then general kicks this guy in the face, I leaves him on City Hall with the evidence. so, boom, it's in the paper. scandal expose. good guys win. and Karen like, gets a job there. has to Nelson Murdoch's assistant. cool. but the bad guys aren't gonna roll over that. he's lead as a whole gang of them. there's the two Russian brothers, and there's the white accountant guy, and there's the old Chinese lady, and then there's the mysterious Japanese dude. and then the suit guy comes up. he's like, hey, I represent the boss of all of you. but he's too cool to come. so this is the big, shadowy crime boss, Wilson Fisk. he just met this hot art dealer, Vanessa. he takes her out on a first date. he's got this funny way of talking. he's like, New York, he's my home, then I'll do anything to save it. daredevil is continuing to interrupt the Russians business, so their date is interrupted by one of the Russian brothers comes. he's like, hey, we need help taking down the man in black. and Vanessa is like, wait, are you some sort of mob boss? and he's like, yes, I am. and she's like, okay, no first kiss for you. that makes him super pissed, so he takes it out on the Russian brother and bashes his head with his car. yes, and he's the reserved businessman, tight, but he's also the brutally violent type - Vanessa comes back for a second date with Fisk, who's reserved the entire restaurant for them. he's like, does it bother you that I'm a crime boss? and she's like, I don't know, not really. so they are love. so the Russians are gearing up for war, but first they get a delivery from this blind heroine delivery guy, madame gauss thing. she's the old chinese woman, and fisk talked with her to help her take down the russians. so this blind delivery guy is actually carrying a bomb. boom, exploded. and they do it all across the city at the same time. so they just wiped out the Russians. the Russian brothers survived though. but daredevil finds him, and they have a little fight, until the cops come. daredevil surrenders. but then the cops are working for fists. they're gonna kill the Russians that never will have to fight the cops to save the Russian gangster. he takes it to this warehouse, but pretty soon the cops have him surrounded, and Fisk gives the order to start sniping cops, starting with the dirty one, because he's a liability now. and with the footage of him beating up cops, this whole thing, and the explosions get blamed on the devil of Hell's Kitchen. then the dirty cop regains consciousness, and fist goes to his old partner and best friend is like, hey, are you the type of person that would kill your partner and best friend for a bunch of money? and he's like, I guess I am. so he goes to visit his partner and brings him the meatball sub of death. he injects him with it, but just then daredevil comes up. he's like, look, you've already been injected. you're dying anyway. just tell me everything you know about fist. so daredevil pays a visit to Benton. and he doesn't have any proof to get Fisk arrested, but he has enough to write a good expose article, since he hates people saying his name. but just then, fist goes off in live TV and exposes himself. he comes across as a really good guy, and he's like, my name is Wilson Fisk. so the articles totally pointless, and daredevil is pissed. daredevil gets the accountants name from the Russian and he pays him a visit, but he gets distracted by something, and so he gets tased. what is it? it's a blind guy. oh, it's his old man. sensei stick see. Matt's dad was a boxer, and the gangsters paid him to take a fall one day, but he didn't, so they killed him. and that was dealing with all his super-hearing and stuff. it was very uncomfortable. so stick finds Minh. he's also blind, and he teaches him how to hear well. he also teaches him how to fight with the old like, I'm just gonna hit you repeatedly method so sticks. like, hey Matt, I need your help with something. stick explains it's part of an ancient shadow war between good and evil. that's like, I don't have time for this. I'm dealing with fists and sticks. like, you know what? you're right. I'll be back next season when this is the main plot. Nelson and Murdock have a new case. it's this old Spanish woman. she's trying to be forced out of her apartment by the landlord. he shutting off the power, breaking the walls and stuff. so foggy goes down to the landlord's attorney, where his super hot ex-girlfriend works, and he's like, man, I can't wait to go down on you. I mean, I can't wait to take you down now. no, booze. main goal is to get the apartment building that they're trying to kick the old Spanish woman out of. and because you refused to sleep, they have her killed by a junkie. they make it look like a a mugging daredevil tracks down the junkie. he finds Madame Gao mark heroin. he gets the information out of him, goes to a warehouse where there's nobody except Nobu, dressed as a literal ninja. Daredevils like, that's a little cheesy, don't you think? but there's nothing cheesy about no booth, sharp twirling weapon, cuz he's all like, boom, cut and who cut again. and turtles get all cut up and totally beaten. but then he managed to Fleck this in the light, and there was gasoline on the floor from the barrels, so boom, he sparks him up, and they like, Nobu burns alive. ouch. but Justin Fisk shows up dead. it was like, I'm gonna punch you in the face. I'm gonna kill you right now, man. but fist, he's like, yo, I am a big, strong dude, and you're all cut up right now. he tries to cut fists, but he's wearing, like, armor suit. what? that's cool. anyway, he beats up daredevil. he's like, I'm done with him. you guys just shoot him. but he manages to escape. he makes it back to his apartment, where foggy happens to be. so foggy learns that his best friend, Matt, is daredevil. and after this, foggy becomes extremely annoying, because the only thing he ever says is, you should stop being daredevil because it's dangerous and stuff. meanwhile, Fisk is holding a big fundraiser. he's not like running for an office officially, but he's like, clearly going to. and so vanessa has some champagne, but people start dying. and it's like, no, the champagne, it was poisoned, and I saw. so she managed to survive. he gets to the hospital, but he's just like all super sad. luckily, Vanessa makes a full recovery. but one day Fisk realizes the account dude's been stealing some money from him. and he's like, well, I'm gonna kill you for stealing money. he's like, actually, now I have an ace in my hole, the partner that you had killed, the other corrupt cop. I have him locked away somewhere. and if I don't check in every 24 hours, he goes public with all the stuff on you. so now that I'm untouchable, I may as well tell you I tried to kill Vanessa. that said that for this decides to just kill him anyway. and he's like, everyone go find that cop before he reveals us. luckily, Matt uses super green to hear that, so when he got him down at the warehouse, all the cops show up. daredevil shows up to beats up the corrupt cops. and he's like, hey, you're coming with me. you're gonna turn yourself in and spill all the beans on Fisk. so he does that, gets all the corrupt cops arrested, and they're coming for a fist - but he last minute proposed it to Vanessa, and she's like, yes, I do. so as they take him to jail, she goes off on a helicopter to who-knows-where. so Fisk is going to jail, and the good guys won the end. just kidding. actually, physics convoy gets stopped by a paramilitary group that he hired, and they kill all the cops and bust him out of there. jumping back a bit, after his fight with Nobu, daredevil was all cut up. so luckily he's found by Claire temple. she's a nurse. she takes him up to her apartment to fix him up a bit. and she's like, look, this was a one-time thing. he's like, actually, you're gonna be a main character in this series. this is your life. now, he decided he needs to get some of that armor. he finds his armored suit guy, and he's like, turns out he's only working for him because he's got his girlfriend kidnapped or whatever. so he's like, look, I'll save her if you make me a super suit. so daredevil comes in, boom, crashes the truck. fist comes out, and he's like, yeah, how do you like me now? I got an awesome super suit with like, devil horns and stuff. so these do have their final fistfight in the alley, and at the end, Fisk is like, you can't kill me, because you do good guy with your Christian guilt and tear Devils. like, ah, I don't know, I might have to be the devil. but he just punches him really hard, and Fist survives. so he goes to jail, and the good guys won. hooray. he officially gets his name, daredevil. and that's how season 1 comes to an end. it's daredevil season 2. by night, daredevil protects the innocent with his fists, and by day, Matt Murdock protects the innocent with his law degree. Matt goes to check on Fisk this season, and Fisk doesn't know that he's daredevil, but he still hates Matt Murdock for being the uppity lawyer that helped put him away. Matt's like, hey, I know you're still up to no good, and if you don't behave, I'm gonna use my legal powers to make sure that Vanessa can never come back to the States. unfortunately, Fisk is not wearing handcuffs, and matches his face in. see, he had a whole thing with the rival gang, and he tricked the Punisher to help take that guy out. so now he runs the prison. that's the last we see of Fisk for a while, because daredevil get some new problems. but anyway, Matt and Karen's start making how well that's happening. so it's all happy, until, boom, and throwing knife. Adam. who is this? it's Elektra Electro's Matt's college girlfriend. they were super in love, until one day she caught the mobster who killed Matt's dad. and they beat him up for a while, and she's like, yes, now kill him and he's like, no, I don't kill people. and she's like ill and broke up with him. she's like, hey, I'm in town fighting the Yakuza. hope you brought your super suit. so daredevil him Elektra beat up the Yakuza together, and she's like, oh, man, I love killing. Matt and Electr I go to a fancy Yakuza party. they go up and they find the secret ledger. the ledger leads them to the building from season one that note wanted so badly he killed that old Spanish lady after. and what are they doing with it? they're digging a giant hole. what? and then boom, ninjas attack, like literal ninjas. and they're fighting in a lecture. I gets cut, and then they're about to kill daredevil - but who's coming in to save him? stick, yeah, the old blind man. so they're driving out of there being chased by a horde of actual ninjas shooting at them with bow and arrows. sticks, got a crossbow. I have no idea what genre we're in anymore. electors, cut, was poisoned, but stick heals her with the magic soup remedy. and Matt's like, what is going on here? sticks, like I told you last season, it's the ancient shadow war between an evil they're called the hand. and Matt's like, well, I don't, I don't want to deal with this. you're a crazy old man here in swings by Matt's apartment to see what's up, and finds a hot chick in his bed and a crazy old blind dude in his living room. she's like, yeah, I think we're gonna break up. he's like, that seems fair. daredevil goes to see the accountant. he's like, I'm only working with them because they have my son. he leads them to the place where there's like, blood people being drained of their blood into this big tank thing. what? a ninja shows up, and he's got the sharp chain weapon that Nobu had in season one. and they, they have a good fight, but he gets away. and it turns out it is no boudin. I was like, you I saw you burn to death. then it's like, nah, son, I'm good. earlier, Elektra had a fight with stick. she decides to quit his group. so he sends an assassin to kill her, cuz there's no quitting. but she, when she comes up to fight him, so Matt busting there, he's like, no, don't kill stick. she's like, but I really like killing but just then a bunch of ninjas from the hands show up, and they manage to kidnap stick, daredevil track some other secret lair. he beats up a bunch of ninjas. he frisk you, stick, but just then Elektra shows up. she's like, haha, now I'm gonna kill stick. but just then, know who shows up? and he's like, haha, I'm gonna bow down to you, Elektra. you are a black sky and rightful leader of the hand. so, black sky, it's like that kid from season one. and apparently they're from the hand, and they're killing machines that are born every once in a while or something. and stick bound her and tried to make her into a good guy, but she's like, oh, no. it's my destiny to join the hand. and dude, I was like, yo, you're a person. you can do whatever you want. and she's like, no. okay. so they fight the hand together, but there's just like an infinite supply of ninjas, and Matt's like, hey, if we make it out of this, do you want to be my girlfriend for real, like Facebook official and everything? and she's like, yeah, you're sweet. that sucks your face. so they have their final showdown with Nobu. they're like, kicking his butt, but then he kicks their butt. and he's about to kill daredevil, but electric jumps in front of the sword and takes a formal self-sacrifice. he's like, electrode, he can't die. she's like, you know, you're right. I can't. I'm already on the cast list for the defenders. but she's dead for now. cetera. deviled crabs Nobu with his boomerang thumb shut thing, and he throws him up the roof. he falls all the way down. he's definitely dead. JK, he's fine. he gets up, but this time stick is there. he stabs him, and he cuts off his head. that's how you actually kill a guy. Nelson and Murdock went out of business, by the way. so foggy gets a new high paying job with Jeri Hogarth from Jessica Jones. that's cool. Matt goes to Karen. he's like, what's up, baby? my other girlfriend died, so I'm single again. also, I'm daredevil. what up? and the boys go to Elektra spear neural but grave robbers. oh, the hand took her and put her in there, crazy blood bath tubing. what's gonna happen? I don't know. find out in the defenders. this is the defenders. so electric died in daredevil season two, but the hands took her and put her in the weird sarcophagus, poured the blood in there, and, boom, she's back to life. I guess that's that's what they do. the hand wanted her because they believe she's the black sky, their legendary fighter. electro was a good fighter before, but now she's a goddess of death. Sigourney's character is Alexandra, and she's the big head honcho of the hand. she even bosses around Madame Gao. now it's Danny Rand the immortal iron fist. he and his girlfriend Colleen been hunting down the hand. anyway, Danny decides to ditch the kungfu and use his billionaire powers to take down the hand in the business world. unfortunately, the Board of Directors are all trained ninjas. so they do some more kungfu. then Luke Cage busts in. he's a handy guy to have in a gunfight. then Jessica and daredevil show up to it's time for a hallway fight. yeah, Elektra shows up and beats up daredevil. he's like, what a lunch her. you're alive. but she doesn't remember anything. she's gonna kill him. but all right, this stops her for now. and the defenders have assembled. I guess assembled is the Avengers thing. I guess the defenders just kind of like meet up and hang out. they hide out in a Chinese restaurant, swap backstories, become BFFs. but then stick shows up to be there. mysterious, grumpy, old man, mentor Alexandra, shows up right after him. she reveals that for the hands nefarious plan, they need the iron fist alive. a bunch of henchmen bust in. they have a big fight. Matt finds a left outside, and it's like, don't be evil, baby. I love you. and she like, starts to remember who she is, so she disappears. now, the hand leaders are freaked out, because they're used to being immortal. the blood stuff they used to resurrect Elektra, they call it the substance. and the thing is, they're out. the nefarious plan is to use the iron fist to open some sort of doorway that where there's more of the substance. now that stick knows the hand needs the iron fist, he's like, sorry, kid, but if the hand needs you to save the world, I'm gonna kill you. just then a lecture pops in. she fights stick, and she kills him, all her father figure, mentor of all those years. she beats up the rest of the defenders and takes Danny to the hand, but then she's like, I'm sick of taking orders. Oh, stabs Alexander. oh. she's like, hey, there are you guys? I'm in charge now. Elektra takes to any deep underground, like, hey, punched this wall for me. he's like, what? no way. I'm gonna punch you instead. but she grabs his hand, puts it into the wall, and he's like, oh, I missed a big time there. turns out what's in there is a literal dragon skeleton. Madame Gao explains, yeah, it's dragon bones. that's the substance that lets us live forever. and the stakes are raised though, because if they remove it, New York will crumble into dust. the defenders, I've got picked up by the cops. missed. he's like, yo, tell us what's going on. instead, they decided to bust out of there. so they all put on their super suits and go back to the hand headquarters. howleen grabbed all the explosives from the evidence Locker, so she and Claire go to blow this building up. the rest of the defenders going down where the entire hand army is waiting for him. so it's a big old fight scene. long story short, the defenders win. they're going to escape, but Daredevils like, no, leave me behind. I have to talk to Elektra. they fight for a bit, then he's like, baby, don't be evil. I love you. and she's like, but I like being evil, but I do love you, too. so these two start making out, just then the bomb explodes, so the whole building comes crashing down. Elektra and daredevil get buried alive together. so the day is saved, mostly, except daredevil died. except daredevil survived. he was picked up by a random group of nuns, apparently. and that's how the defenders comes to an end. [Music], 