hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2018 sci-fi horror film, the Cloverfield paradox. so let's get started. this movie does rely in part that you've seen the previous films. if you'd like to see a summary, check out those spoilers and cards above, in the year 2028, earth is suffering from a global energy crisis. the space agencies of the world prepare to test the Sheppard particle accelerator aboard the orbiting Cloverfield station, which would provide earth with infinite energy. while conspiracy theorists fear that it will create a Cloverfield paradox, opening portals between dimensions and threatening earth. among the crew is Ava Hamilton, who lost her children in a house fire. after two years of unsuccessful testing, they achieve a stable beam, but it overloads. it creates a power surge on the station. after restoring power, they find that earth has vanished and they have lost navigation. as the crew works on repairs, strange events begin to occur, including finding a woman, Mina Jensen, fused with wires inside of a wall Volkov. and engineer fear something is crawling beneath his skin and crafts a gun made with a 3d printer. he uses the gun to threaten the crew, but convulses and dies and begins to explode with worms coming out of his body. another engineer, Mundi, has his arm pulled into a solid wall and is severed clean off, later finding it roaming the ship. when they recognize that the arm is trying to write something, it instructs them to cut Volkov open. once they cut him open, they find the missing navigation system. they locate earth and restore communications, but transmissions state that the Cloverfield station was destroyed and fell to earth two days prior. the crew determined that they have moved to a parallel universe and that Jensen is a crew member from this current universe. here, Hamilton's children did not die, and she stayed on earth and never went to the Space Station. they plan to reactivate the Sheppard device to return to their own universe. one engineer figures out how to make the Sheppard particle accelerator work again, but she is killed in a freak accident. meanwhile, Hamilton decides to return with Jensen to earth to be with her kids. as they prepare, Mundy is killed by an explosion caused by a strange magnetic field. after the explosion, Hamilton is left in charge after the commander sacrifices himself to disengage the accelerator ring with a Sheppard ready. Hamilton prepares to leave, but Jensen knocks her out. Jensen kills crewmembers and insists that the station must stay in her universe in order to provide earth with energy. regaining consciousness, Hamilton uses a gun to shoot out a window jettison Jensen into space. Hamilton decides to return to her universe and makes a recording for the alternate universe self, giving her the plans for the Sheppard device. after successfully using the Sheppard device, Hamilton and the last crew members returned to Earth in a capsule as they see a giant monster coming up, roaring through the clouds. this ending is meant to imply that the events of the Cloverfield paradox are what caused the attack on the city of New York in the first Cloverfield movie. so that was the spoilers for the Cloverfield paradox. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. you 