today movie is where the truth lies. it's a drama and mystery movie. welcome to mystery reboot. in 1957, lanny morris and vince collins are going to a new jersey hotel owned by mob boss sally san marco. they are fresh off co-hosting a polio telethon in a miami tv studio. sally san marco has overwhelmed them into making an appearance in attempt to improve his own impression. after checking into their new jersey private room, they discover the naked body of miami undergraduate maureen o'flaherty in a bathroom, which was discovered immediately after their entry in the summer time of 2010. maureen was working as a waitress at the comedy group's miami hotel that is also operated by san marco. she was already studying the team for a story for her school paper, and had questioned them in miami the day before she left. according to police, there is no evidence linking morris or collins to maureen's murder, which was formally referred to an accidental drug overdose, according to the police report. quickly after her body is found, the two men's comedy collaboration comes to an end. despite their phenomenal success and mutual reliance on one another's abilities, there are still many unresolved issues for the detectives looking into maureen's murder. the most perplexing element is how maureen's corpse managed to make it from miami to new jersey at the very same time that the comedians have been on the road. the movie picks up 15 years later with journalist karen o'connor, who managed to meet the team at the same fundraiser, illustrated in the movie opening scene, as a young polio survivor, o'connor receives a work to be a ghost ride for vince collins official biography, a deal that will net collins one million dollars, which he desperately needs. karen promises to mrs o'flaherty that she would still investigate the circumstances surrounding the death of her baby girl, maureen. the truth is that she continues to receive secretly sent sections from a manuscript that lanny morris himself has published, and makes the project more difficult for her to complete. on a trip to new york, karen, who has admired the comedians, especially after watching them for the first time, happens to meet morris, who is joined by his loyal valet, reuben and management irv. by coincidence, she joins a dinner table with the group. in order to maintain her anonymity, she identifies herself as bonnie trout throughout the lunch, the name of her closest friend, with whom she has exchanged the collins memoirs. when collins asks her to join him for an all-day coordination meeting at his california home, and she discovers that morris would be accompanying them, things get complicated almost instantly. she fabricates an excuse to avoid the meeting, but she runs into morris in the road, and her dishonesty is disclosed. during the course of the interaction, morris finds that she had already lied about her identity, and collins realizes that the lady assisting him in writing his autobiography is experiencing, or seems to have a relationship, with his former partner. collins decides to proceed with the memoir, but sets up a scenario in order to coerce karen into turning away from the tale of mourinho flaherty, which has become karen's main obsession in the last several months. collins fools karen into engaging in sexual activity with alice, a young singer, by getting her drunk and high and then telling her that she had been having an affair with her in embarrassing poses, he takes pictures of the two female victims. karen is warned that only if she informs the publication that there is nothing strange or illegal about maureen's death, the photos will be made public. karen learns that maureen had covertly videotaped her encounters with morris and collins, and she confronts maureen. what truly occurred that night 15 years ago is slowly revealed. the three had participated in a three-way driven by drugs and alcohol. and at one point, collins attempted to have intimacy with morris, who refused with violence. collins withdrew to his bedroom, where maureen attempted to coerce morris into providing a sum of money in exchange for keeping this knowledge a secret. in 1957, if collins publicly revealed that he was bisexual, his pro career would have been over. morris attempted to pay maureen into remaining silent, but she insisted on some more cash than he was capable or willing to provide. at the time, collins fainted out in his room. morris dozed out in his room, and maureen slept out on the sofa in the living area. she was no longer alive when he woke up the next morning. karen has started to piece together the incident 15 years later. more of morris repairman reuben comes to light for her. with reuben's aid, they sneaked her body into the resort in new jersey in a container full of lobster that was a present from san marco. while both morris and collins were persuaded that the other was responsible for maureen's death. the audio recording was turned on throughout the evening, but the record has indeed been lost for over a decade. to make things even more interesting, ruben volunteers to create the video. he inquires of karen as to whether her publishing firm will compensate him for such recording. and then he asks for one million dollars. following up on her intuition, karen deduces that reuben was attempting to bribe collins by requesting one million dollars in exchange for remaining silent about his bisexuality, which had been confirmed on video, and possibly his involvement in maureen's death. collins was just so inebriated and intoxicated during that event that he had no recollection of what occurred. when reuben was charged with murder, he demanded 1 million dollars in compensation. collins is essentially doomed, and he takes his own life as a result. morris is enraged at karen for everything she has caused. and karen knows the solution to morris's puzzle. afterwards, she approaches mrs o'flaherty and informs her that she intends to reveal the truth, but only after an innocent civilian has died. a reference to maureen's mother, who'd be devastated to discover of her child's actions, which led to her own tragedy. like and subscribe. it helps check one of these videos. bye. 