hello everybody. it's that time. that's right. we are going to catch up on all five Mission Impossible movies before Mission Impossible fallout hits tears this weekend. and no, we're not gonna do one of those intros that's like, good morning, Mr Hunt. this message will self-destruct your mission should you choose to accept it. attackee. it's been done. we are, however, reporting this video from inside the stealth jet that's attached to another jet that's attached to a helicopter that's carrying a vault containing the International Space Station. and that's gonna self-destruct but after the show. in the first Mission, Impossible, Ethan Hunt is just a regular old agent of the impossible mission force, or IMF, under the command of Jim Phelps. their first mission, track down a file listing every secret agent, known as the NOC list. if that list gets out into the open, the names of our agents and every country in Eastern Europe will be up for grabs to the highest bidders. unfortunately, someone gets the drop on the IMF team, and they all get taken out, one by one. my team is dead. it turns out the list was a decoy to flush out a mole in the IMF with the code name of Joe. and because he's the only one that survived, Ethan Hunt is now the prime suspect. so he uses some explosive chewing gum that Emilio Estevez gave them and gets away. yeah, that's right. you heard me, explosive chewing gum. that's what happens. the IMF mole had a plan to sell the NOC list to a shadowy arms dealer named max. sidenote, if you're a fan of shadowy arms dealers just in general, welcome to your new favorite franchise. okay, so Ethan's plan is to impersonate the mole and track down max to both clear his name and avenge his dead team. Ethan realizes Jobe refers to a Bible verse, not the Bluth, and uses that to establish communication with max via a super 90s computer search montage. right around this time, whoops. turns out that Ethan's not the sole survivor, because an actually alive Claire Phelps shows up at the Prague safehouse. Ethan delicately delivers, with maximum sensitivity, the tragic news about her husband's passing. wake up, Claire, Jim's dead. they're dead. Claire sticks around, and Ethan goes to meet max, who turns out to be a lady. knew something. in 1996, this was considered a shocking plot twist. Ethan promises to steal the real NOC list for max is shield and delivered the actual IMF mold to him. Claire and Ethan recruit two disavowed agents to help them out, the knife wielding professional Krieger and the hacking superstar Luther stickell. together they steal the NOC list from deep inside CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia. closely, they pull it all off, get the NOC list on a disk and head to London. Ethan's brought the Bible along from the safehouse and casing these cysts and more super secret coded messages to max or possibly Tom Hanks. and on second glance, he sees it was originally taken from the Drake Hotel in Chicago, the very hotel where Jim Phelps had told the team he'd just been staying right before the original mission began. Drake Hotel, Chicago. so ease and figures out that mr. Phelps is really the mole. Ethan's not so sure about Claire yet. so he keeps his mouth shut, and he gives the NOC list to Luther for safekeeping. and also has some excuse to say NOC list a few more times. it's just a really fun word, list, Nakhla, stylist, nut list. now you say NOC list, NOC list. see, sure enough, a not dead Jim Phelps shows up in London and tries to convince Ethan that Kittredge is the real mole. it was cute, rich, but Ethan doesn't go for it, and he arranges for all the main characters to be aboard the same high-speed train the next day. Ethan uses one of IMS amazing identity swapping masks to impersonate Jim and fools Claire into revealing their whole plan. we take the money, Ethan takes the blame. you know, she really should have seen that coming. in this franchise, it's more likely that you're not talking to the person that you think you're talking to. Ethan smartly uses some fancy camera glasses to out Phelps as the mole. morning mr. Phelps. Phelps grabs Max's money, shoots Claire and jumps onto the roof of the Train. he's arranged to have Krieger, who's also a mole, pick him up in a helicopter. but it doesn't quite work out, and Phelps and Krieger are both killed by Chekhov's go meanwhile, kitchens gets the NOC list back for Max, and Luther is reinstated as an IMF agent and good standing. Ethan momentarily thinks he's at a government work for good, but a new recording reveals that he's actually the new mr. Phelps and has another assignment, and we're off to the sequel. cue the lip biscuit sound alike. Mission Impossible - opens with Ethan on vacation, visiting his favorite perilous cliffs. he's interrupted by a new handler, who is not kitsch, but who has sent him a pair of talking sunglasses. morning, mr. Hoffman, he's played by Anthony Hopkins. also, his talking sunglasses exploit. so while Ethan was on vacation, an old pal of his named Nikora vich attempted to deliver an extremely dangerous engineered virus named chimera and it's antidote into imf's hands. swanbeck wanted to send Ethan on this mission, but he was so busy doing very impressive things on a cliff that he sent IMF agent Sean Ambrose, and Ethan's placed. Ambrose actually impersonated Ethan for this mission, using those very convincing masks along with a wearable chip that alters your voice. these will become standard-issue in future installments. sadly, it turns out Sean Ambrose is very, very evil. instead of recovering chimera, he killed in the korvac and stole the samples for himself. swanbeck tells Ethan to find the thief named nya, who used to date Ambrose and is their best hope of tracking him down. at first, nya is hesitant to join Ethan's team, but then they bond over a shared fondness for car chases, and they've fallen so nigh agrees to get back together with Ambrose and pass information on his plans back to IMF. and if you're thinking, this sounds a lot like the Alfred Hitchcock movie notorious, you're right, and we commend you on your knowledge of both the classics and films partially scored by limp Biskit. Ethan breaks into the headquarters of bio site, the company that created chimera, to destroy all the remaining samples of the virus and wipe it out once and for all. it should be mentioned, right around this point, eighty minutes and that the movie remembers that it's being directed by John Woo. only one dose of chimera remains, and Naya injects it into herself, so Ambrose can't get his hands on it, and can't shoot her either. meanwhile, Ethan bravely escapes into the night without his now deathly ill girlfriend. okay, we're almost through this thing. Ambrose holes up at bio sites, island fortress, something that every drug company now owns, Johnson and Johnson's even has a submarine Doc. Ambrose's plan is to take over bio site, then use nya to contaminate the entire planet with chimera. so the demand for the antidote will skyrocket. you create the supply, mr. McCoy, we've just created a demand capital, isn't am i? right? Ethan interrupts with birds and explosions and explosions of birds, and he manages to escape on a motorcycle carrying the priceless antidote, the key to Ambrose's fortune taking out a lot of cars and Ambrose's guys in the process. Ambrose has set Naya loose on Sydney so she can contaminate the entire city. and she plans to jump off a cliff, destroying chimera forever. but Ethan's team finds her first and saves her. Ambrose chases Ethan down on a bike of his own, and they have a final showdown on the beach. Ethan eventually takes Ambrose out, and they inject nya with the antidote Bellerophon, just in time to savor this chaos - and she does for the remainder of the series. but if you're a fan of Anthony Hopkins, creepy manipulating Tandy Newton and complex labyrinth in ways through the use of proxies, may I recommend HBO's Westworld, moving on to Mission Impossible 3. sometime later, Ethan the said nat Anaya and fallen head over heels in love with Julia. the two of them are engaged, but he hasn't told her or any of their friends what he really does for a living. has to track back. he's also given up on being an active field agent and has switched over to training new IMF recruits. this includes promising, young upstart Lindsey Farris. also, swanbeck has died, or quit IMF, or married Kittredge and settled down in the country or something. because Ethan has another new handler named Musgrave. he interrupts Ethan's engagement party with some disturbing news, it seems. Farris, now an IMF field agent, has disappeared while trailing an arms dealer named Owen Davian. yes, another arms dealer. can you believe it? Musgrave wants Ethan at a team to go in, gather any Intel they can on Davian and Save Ferris. mr. Rooney would not approve, obviously. the team includes Luther and also newcomers, Declan and Zen. Ethan lies to Julia and heads off to Berlin. Ethan grabs agent Farris and Zhen collects some intel on Davian before she's interrupted by a grenade. but still gets away with some damaged goods. Ethan and Lindsay shoot their way out, but as they escape by helicopter, they find out Davian and planet and explosive inside Lindsay's head. it's gonna detonate less we try to charge but it goes off before they can do anything. okay, so remember davian's laptops and stuff that zen got out of the factory, but they were all damaged by the explosion? well, a very clever technician named Benji still manages to pull some data from them. it's all got to do with the rabbit's foot. but what is the rabbit's foot? well, it turns out JJ Abrams made this movie, so we'll never really know. no, I don't have any idea what it is. but we do know that Davian plans to sell it. will be at a charity benefit at the Vatican. so it's off to Rome. oh wait. first, Ethan and Julia get impromptu married, and we find out that Ethan's middle name is Matthew. hereby take Ethan bet he won. this will almost definitely not be important later. okay, Rome Ethan gets into the Vatican by scaling the walls and disguising himself as a priest. they make one of their patented mission impossible masks on sight so Ethan can take davian's place at the party. Ethan swaps places with Davian and the bathroom and exits with his briefcase. but only after giving the late great Philip Seymour Hoffman and awesome scene where he plays Tom Cruise, playing himself, stalling for time so his voice chip can kick in. Ethan meets up with Zen and they escape, making it look as if dave ian has died in a fiery explosion. Ethan tries to get Davian to give him more info about the rabbit's foot, and you're gonna tell us everything. he tries hard. unfortunately, Ethan gets no information, and Luther slips up and drops his real name. but that would only be bad if someone attacked the IMF team and davian's somehow escaped. back on the ground, the IMF team is attacked, and Davian escapes. they even use a drone to fire missiles at Ethan Hunt personally, knowing that Davey knows who he actually is. Ethan tries to warn Julia, but her idiot brother, Aaron Paul, has already dropped the dime on where to find her. look, it's all good, man. I told him I didn't know where you were, and Julia might. and she just tried the hospital. hello. so now she's kidnapped. damn it. Jesse Davian calls with a deal for Ethan. well, his life, wait, 48 hours, wait. he's basically good with this. but before he can pull off the heist, he's detained by the IMF. but not for long, because Musgrave sets Ethan free and even mouths him directions for where he should start the search for the rabbit's foot in Shanghai, China, taken to the holy Musgrave also sends Ethan his team so they can plan the rabbit's foot heist together. according to the plans from davian's briefcase, it's in a laboratory on the 56th floor of the hanxiang new building. to get it, Ethan swings between a few skyscrapers, nearly slides to his death down a glass rooftop, parachutes out of the window and almost gets hit by a truck hanging over a busy highway. but he recovers the rabbit's foot intact. I knew he'd make it. Ethan arranges a meet with Davian to deliver the rabbit's foot and save Julia. Luther has reservations. you know, they probably plan to kill you both. and he is correct. the moment he shows up Ethan is drugged, has a detonator injected into his nose, aah, and is forced to watch as Davian shoots Julia in the head. it's a fake out, though, it wasn't really Julia. oh, and it turns out that Musgrave is a traitor and was working with Davian all along. I am tired of earth these people. I'm tired of being caught in the tangle of their lives. Ethan takes advantage of Musgrave being an idiot to get free, and, with Benji's help, uses Musgraves phone to find out where they're holding Julia. I need a trace location. he runs across a bridge to her. this takes a really long time, like in movie running time. this is 18 bridges. he's still running. this is an unbroken shot of Tom Cruise just running. and I'm exhausted. just as Ethan gets to Juliet, Davian triggers the detonator in his head and takes advantage of his weakened state to beat him up. Ethan overcomes the pain and still manages to kill Davian. r.i.p, psh, we miss you. Ethan. freeze julia and hazard zapping with a power line to fry the charges brain. while he's unconscious, she takes out a henchman and Musgrave and recovers the rabbit's foot. plus she brings Ethan back to life with the power of her nursing. he tells her everything that works for an agency, and they all share happy ending hugs. well, except for Felicity. she's dead. Mission Impossible. Ghost Protocol, or as I like to call it. macGruber opens with Ethan locked in a moscow prison. why? it's complicated. we'll circle back to it. Ethan's totally cool doing his Steve McQueen thing in jail. but the IMF has other ideas, and they engineer a breakout. Ethan escapes, but insist on also breaking out his prison buddy, Bogdan, had the Intel, if I left him there, they would have killed him. so we're gonna give him his freedom. they didn't just break Ethan out to be nice, though, if the secretary wanted me out of there, must be pretty bad out here. the IMF needs his help now. field agent Benji and new team member Carter were working on another operation in Budapest with Sawyer from lost, I mean, agent Sawyer from lost. mmm, Sawyer's tracking a man carrying Russian nuclear launch codes. he recovered them, but was shot and killed before the rest of his team could get there before he died. Sawyer's fancy eyeball camera identified his killer. this be Morrell contract killer. wait, she only works for diamonds. now, whatever, something, something assassins best friend. the team figures out that she plans to sell the nuclear codes to somebody known only as COBOL. he's determined to detonate a nuclear weapon however he can. we know Moreau swore him before. so their new assignment is to break into the Kremlin and steal some files to find out more about this cobalt. so they do. Benji and Ethan poses generals, and they use a fancy projector screen to fool the security guards and access the vault. then everything just goes straight to hell. the cobalt files are already gone, and this is empty. but even worse, cobalt, who's actually a guy named Kurt Hendricks, has also broken into the Kremlin himself, piggybacking on the IMF mission chicken Dave later. but instead of some file that's not even there, he's stealing a nuclear launch device to make things even worse, while pretending to be part of IMF, Hendricks detonates a huge bomb that blows the Kremlin apart, a way to Yogo science. so now the Russian authorities think I am f bomb them on behalf of the US. government. we both know that burial costs of a explosion was you. Ethan gets away from the cops and is picked up by the Secretary of IMF, along with his top analyst, Brandt, who is Jeremy Renner. also, Brandt is Philip Seymour Hoffman's name in The Big Lebowski. again, we miss you. psh, the Kremlin attack has caused the president to activate ghost Protocol, which disavows the entire IMF agency, but still allows Ethan and his team to continue working unsanctioned, to try to find Cobalt. but before he can even finish the assignment, the caravan is attacked and the Secretary is killed. man, Tom Wilkinson got more screen time in the Dark Knight franchise than this one, right? maybe fast and furious can find something for him. Ethan and Brant get away. the Secretary has directed them to a secret, stocked IMF train car where Benji and Jane are waiting. the Secretary's instructions point the team to Dubai Moreau, the assassin, plans to sell the nuclear launch codes to one of Hendricks men, Wistrom, at the famous, very, very tall Burj Khalifa Hotel. our objective is to intercept the sale, place the authentic codes with counterfeits, follow Wistrom. to pull off the mission. they hold two separate meetings. Moreau and Wistrom think they're meeting one another, but Moreau is actually leading Ethan, and Wistrom is actually meeting Carter. everybody got that? there will be a pop quiz later. for all of it to work, Benji needs to control the elevators. and for that to work, Ethan has to scale the side of the building using gravity defying Astro gloves. and a scene that will make you wish you were watching this and IMAX instead of on your phone. for complicated reasons we don't need to get into, they actually end up using a real copy of the actual nuclear launch codes in the fake deal, which is a problem because Wistrom gets out of the hotel with the help of a massive sandstorm. and just as Wistrom is escaping, he pulls back a mask to reveal that he was actually hendricks all along. again, why are we ever surprised that somebody pulls off a mask in this franchise and reveals that they are not the person they say that they are? so Hendricks has a launch device and launch codes, but now he needs a satellite to actually launch a nuke, at satellite owned by Indian telecom billionaire Brijnath. we have to shut it down before he gets that chance. so it's off to India. but first, Brandt tells Benji and Jane some superhot IMF cos it seems that he was working a mission in Croatia, monitoring Ethan and Julia hunt. remember Julia from the last movie? and Julia, get this, was killed. so what happened to the husband? never saw him again until two days ago in Moscow. the secretary introduced me the Ethan Hunt. this apparently cost Ethan's a snap and murdered the entire Serbian hit squad responsible, which is what landed him in that Russian Jail. where were we? oh yeah, Mumbai. the plan is for Brandt to jump into the computer room wearing a magnetic suit, because at this point in the mission impossible franchise. nothing is too ridiculous. but in what is a running theme for this installment, the plan completely does not work. and possible missions. remember, Hendricks is one step ahead of them and put a virus in the downloaded uploaded the uplink satellite to he did a computer thing, uplink to satellite, reboot to original military specs, download the virus. Ethan is now racing to get to Hendricks and the nuclear launch device, but the missiles already launched and it's headed for San Francisco. Ethan figures he can still redirect or even stop the missile if he gets that briefcase. we're gonna get that case. so he chases Hendricks through the streets of Mumbai and into an automated parking garage. is that a thing? we don't have those in the States? Hendricks flings himself down the length of the structure with the briefcase rather than letting Ethan get it. so Ethan drives a car down after like you do. everything comes together just in the nick of time to save San Francisco and with it. the day. back in the States, Ethan introduces Brandt to Luthor who has no interest in either ghosts or protocols, and shocks him by revealing that his wife, Julia, is actually alive. her entire death was a ploy by Ethan to protect Julia from his enemies and get him thrown into that Russian Jail where he could meet Bogdan, who had information. Hendriks, that makes sense, right? I can't really remember it. anyway, Ethan and Julia share a meaningful glance, knowing that they can never truly be together while Ethan lives the dangerous life of an IMF field agent. but before we wrap this one up, there's a little lead-in to the next film. as he's in walks away, he wasn't super recording, laying out his next mission, now, an emerging terror organization. sure enough, Mission Impossible. rogue nation opens with Ethan, Benjie, Luthor and Brandt hot on the trail of The Syndicate, which is in the process of transporting some Rockets containing VX nerve gas. that plane cannot take off the package on it, you understand. Ethan jumps on the plane and hangs on for dear life until they can get that trailer shot. and then benji hacks the doors open, and ethan manages to recover the weapons. but when he goes to a london record shop to covertly report back to IMF, the syndicate turns the tables on him. we are the syndicate to hunt and now we know who you are. ethan is neutralized with knockout gas. the syndicates founder, Solomon Lane, shoots the nice girl who ran the record shop, and Ethan is taken to a dungeon and tortured. meanwhile, back in DC, CIA, director Hunley believes you should a bc a, always BB c--. closing the IMF for good. time has come to dissolve the item chairman, transfer their salvageable assets to the CIA. back to Ethan, he's in real trouble. Yanik, think time they call you the bone doctor. until he's set free by british undercover agent Ilsa Faust, the least british name for any british person i've ever heard. she's working undercover as an assassin with the syndicate. we've never met before, right? Ilsa helps Ethan escape, but stays behind to finish her assignment. also, can we roll it back real quick? are those like vertical setups? how does Tom Cruise do that? he's 56 years old. that's insane. I'm sorry. that's just a quick moment of Tom Cruise appreciation. where were we? we didn't kill them. you did. I tried to stop you. you got away, right? so Ethan calls Brandt for help, but finds out that the IMF has been totally dissolved by Congress. there's no more IMF. I've been ordered to bring everyone in it. so he disappears for six months, which he spends tracking Ilsa and Lane, along with other syndicate operatives. it turns out they're all former spies who have been labeled as disavowed or dead. Benji, who now has a boring CIA desk job, gets a letter in the mail containing free tickets to the Vienna Opera. and sure enough, when he shows up, it's actually a secret assignment from Ethan. welcome to Vienna, Benji. Benji. Benji will use his special camera glasses to scan for Lane, whom Ethan believes will be in the crowd. you find him. we tagged him. I follow him wherever he goes. and sure enough, he's there, apparently coordinating the assassination of the Chancellor of Austria and one of the assassins turns out to be Ilsa that blows Ethan, shoots the Chancellor to save his life and escapes with Elsa, whom he's now deduced is a double agent. the Chancellor still dies them turns out the assassination was a test for Elsa, which she failed, and the car bomb was insurance. Ilsa still wants to go back undercover, so she pulls a ladybird and pretend escapes from Ethan, but leaves a tube of lipstick behind, containing a secret flash drive. this leads even to Benji to Morocco where Tulsa is waiting. she says she's been tasked by Lane with stealing a disk which a former operative stole from him. Lane had a ledger. it contained the identities of his operatives, his terrorist associates, the entire inner workings of the syndicate. as with all valuable disks slash information slash viruses in this franchise. it's kept in a super high-tech facility that requires Ethan to manually tamper with the security systems, which are located in a separate vault underwater. Ethan manages to do it. Benji gets through and downloads the ledger, but Ethan nearly drowns, and Ilsa has to jump down after him and save him. things are momentarily looking up, mr. Chen. but then Ilsa grabs the ledger and makes a break for it. Benji and Ethan go after but Ethan's not exactly at a hundred percent just yet. you okay to drive? a minute ago you were dead talking about there's a long chase involving motorcycles and cars. and Ethan and Benji meet up with Luther and Brandt, who have come to warn them that the CIA is planning to kill them. it also gets away with the ledger, but of course, I made a copy. however, when Benji and Luther tried to access the ledger, they discover it's been super encrypted and can only be accessed by the actual Prime Minister of England. the Prime Minister, we're gonna steal the Prime Minister of England. sorry. sorry. wrong franchise lane kidnaps Benji as a way of forcing Ethan and his team to snag the Prime Minister and unlock the flash drive. for Ethan does by using his trusty mission impossible mass and finds out the dark truth. The Syndicate was actually formed by British intelligence, and it's now being operated by Solomon Lane as a rogue nation, a former agent who want to run the world their way. we know you created the syndicate, but Lane went rogue and turn it against you. Alec Baldwin's all like, hey man, I believe you now. sorry for trying to kill you. and Ethan memorizes all of the information on the disk before destroying it, which turns out to be the bank account information for the syndicate to operate for decades. its operating budget was to be hidden offshore in a virtual red box, which I alone would control. so now Ethan Hunt is the only person that has the bank account numbers that Solomon Lane so desperately seeks. I am the desk I memorized him on. 2.4 billion in numbered accounts. Lane tries to outwit Ethan by strapping a bomb to Benji, but it backfires when he finds out that if he kills Ethan, all of his money goes bye-bye. without me, you're nothing. so the bomb gets disarmed, the agents escape, and then they find Lane, who they seal up into an actual glass cage of emotion. mr. Lane meet the IMF. and this pretty much puts all the pieces in place for mission impossible fallout. Solomon Lane is in custody for his many, many international crimes. the syndicate has no leader, but apparently does have a network of disavowed agents still on the loose. Ilsa Faust has given up the spy life. the IMF has been reformed, with Hunley the new secretary. Ethan and his team are still in the field. Ethan's true love, julia, is keeping a low profile for her own protection. and Felicity is, well, she's still dead. sorry, Felicity. anyway, that's our rundown of all five Mission Impossible movies to this point. and if you think this was long, hey, we just saved you like 11 hours of watching actual movies. so, you know, it's all kind of a trade-off. let us know what you think below. tell us if we missed out any detail. I'm sure we did, because these things are jammed with impossible to remember details. and as always, thanks for watching. [Music]. 