listen, I got a bunch of requests for this new Netflix movie about a girl named Sierra Burgas and how she's a loser. and I mean, I get why Netflix picked it up. y'all know I don't mind the cheesy rom-com, right? but this one, this one was so bad the people searching up the movie got the wrong title and assume she wasn't just a loser, but a big loser. and I kind of agree. let me explain. so in some way, this is supposed to be a modern retelling of a French play from the 1800s where a high school girl struggles to be relevant in school. her parents are like geniuses who hit a big as a writer and a motivational speaker. so Sierra's just a mist of their successes. she's always getting bullied. her only friend is Earl while she's the dying girl. she's so bad that the top Google tag for her own movie is cringe worthy. yet, her biggest nemesis is this chick named Veronica, who's so mean, the queen bee in the plastics would have been like, chill. visit her free. break the mirror. that's where Peter Kaminski comes in, who's a star quarterback for the rival school. but my man's trying to spit his game at the same diner from his previous movie, but evil gillian jacobs junior over here plays him by giving him Sierra's number instead. my man doesn't know he's getting played. so at this point, I was actually feeling bad for Sierra because she's getting used and Peter, because he gets baited in every movie that he's in, but it's once a year. it goes along with it, and starts pretending she's actually Veronica, where I went heroes, where they start hitting it off like most catfishes do. dudes taking constipated selfies. they spend hours on the phone. he truly starts falling in love with her. when she gets hit with the big question, somehow her and Veronica made a deal with each other that Veronica needs tutoring, so the real Veronica was gonna help her out. and she decides to do the FaceTime call with her, while Sierra's on the other end of the camera telling her what to say. it's like, it's like black clans vote without the racial repercussions. at this point, it's clear that Sierra Burgas is a loser, right but for all of those who are like, no, you got to give a girl a chance. you don't know how difficult it is, she does this, um, your name is pizza. uh, sure, you guys are not gonna believe this, but, uh, this is my brother ty, and he's deaf too. girl, if that wasn't bad enough, right? Peter goes on a date with the real Veronica, and Sierra decides to supervise from under a car, and then decides to do what. listen, your woman needs to learn about consent. how do you not tell the difference between Vanna White's hands and the Michelin's? my man here is being using. he has no idea what's going on, right? like Bruno. this is why you got a look. Wow, what they owe. speaking of rape, they end up going to this party where Veronica and not only gets used by her real boyfriend, but there's this, there's this random shot where this happens. I love your poodle. Monica then ends up on Mars when her boyfriend dumps her over diem. and she runs to see her at events about it, because she knows that she can trust her with her deepest, darkest secrets. Ciara releases her deepest, darkest secrets. thing is is that Ciara catches Veronica getting a taste of the goods, and so she decides to hack Veronica's Instagram account and post that private screenshot. and it's like, girl, that's illegal, stealing your man aids here. I was wrong. didn't get this weirdo who plugs in his iPhone to a surface pro if that's even possible, and he projects the picture up on the jumbotron for all to see. Peter catches a glimpse of it, and then gets hit with all this information. are you cheating on me? with response, no, Jamie, I'm not. I'm not who you think I am. she's not who you think she is. she's been pretending to me and I he hits somewhat that that be gone. these thoughts be split. and Earl reminds her everything falls apart. and then it just doesn't. somehow this turns into a high school musical where Ciara fixes everything with a song. since earlier in the movie, Veronica told her that she liked her voice. and Peter, who just got catfished by two people, gets shown the song and then decides to ask her to prom you're my type you are exactly my type. how by the end of it, you realize that it doesn't matter how much of a messed up person you are, right? you can be pretty. you can be not pretty. as long as you can sing. and Miley offend one subgroup, you might get your own Netflix original show. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. I know a lot of you guys like this. I'm not one to get offended by really anything. I only get offended when it doesn't deliver, when it's not as funny. so that's what I'm gonna tell you. can't have it both ways, right? you can't make a character, you know, you want them to be likeable and they do unlikable things like you gotta get all the way, right? are they a likable person? are they completely despicable? you got it. you gotta go all the way with it on that occasion of your thoughts. any other ones you want me to cover? don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, or you'll end up in the upside down with Barb's 