hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2006 action car film, fast and furious, Tokyo Drift, the third film in the Fast and Furious series. a few things to note about this film is that there's a whole new cast a new setting. this film also takes place sometime between the sixth and the seventh film in the series, which will make more sense when I release those summaries. and if you'd like to see a summary for the previous films, please check out the links below. the film opens with a 17-year old named Shawn Boswell who recently moved to Tokyo to live with his father, a u.s. Navy officer, to escape a jail sentence for a street race related accident in school. Shawn meets another military brat named Twinkie, who introduces him to the drift racing scene in Japan. Shawn ends up going up against a drifter named Takashi who has j'accuzzi' ties. Shawn borrows the car of Takashi's business partner, Han Liu, and Shawn losses totaling the vehicle due to his lack of skills in drifting in order to repay the debt. Shawn must now work for Han. eventually, han trained Shawn and drifting loans him another car for racing. and Shawn moves in with Han. Sean starts to gain some credibility in the street racing scene, and eventually asks out a young girl named Mila, who is actually Takashi's girlfriend. Shawn is beaten by Takashi for this and is told to stay away. but Neal leaves Takashi and eventually moves in with Shawn and Han. Takashi's uncle, Kamata, the head of the Yakuza, reprimands Takashi for allowing Han to steal money from him. Takashi confronts them about the thefts, and a chase breaks out, during which Takashi's right-hand man dies in a crash. Sean and Neela also crashed, and Hans car is rammed by a mysterious driver was revealed in a much later film, and Hans car explodes, killing him just before Shawn can save him. Takashi, Sean and Sean's father get into an armed standoff, which ends when nicola agrees to meet with takashi twinky give shawn money to replace what han stole from the Yakuza, and Shawn returns the money to come out of Sean then proposes a drift race against Takashi where the loser must leave Tokyo. Kumada agrees, and Sean rebuilds a 67 Mustang for the race. the race takes place on a mountain, and with it being neck-and-neck, if how, she tries to ram into Sean's car, but misses and drives off the mountain, and Sean wins. Kumada keeps his word, and Sean can stay in Tokyo. Sean is dubbed the new drift king, and is challenged by a new driver who considered han family Dominic Toronto, who is in the first film. so that was the spoilers for Tokyo Drift. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 