welcome to slash forward. this week we're going to play some games and attempt to cure our insufferable loneliness, starting with the recent supernatural release. come play. hit the like button if you're in the quarantine phase of conjuring a demon composed of human loneliness, just so you have something to do. let's get to it. we open on a wee lad watching old school tv on his phone, like a classic zoomer. unbeknownst to him, something maybe peering out at him from behind the glass. he shortly goes to bed, but gets woken up later by a call from the station. now that he's up, he hits the lights and goes wandering through the house, catching papa on the couch, likely indicating he was a bad boy, and then pouring himself a stiff sippy as straight juice, no water, no top. damn boy. when he returns to bed, his phone appears to have curated some choice content for him that he can't tap away from. and in this way, he familiarizes himself with larry, a sad boy monster who never gets what he wants. the house then suffers a sequential power surge that goes through the room and down the hall. oliver hears an unsettling noise and attempts to barricade himself in his room. larry pushes at the door a little to make like he did a good job, but then barges right in. when the blanket's pulled back, it's just oliver's mother, sarah, checking on him due to also hearing a strange noise. oliver communicates with her via his phone like a boomer, and she works to get him calmed and back to sleep. the next day, she expresses some concerns, but daddy, marty brushes this off, like everything because he's grown weary of putting in the effort for the hard stuff. he does lighten the mood a bit. but then oliver notices the boxes in the next room where marty is gathering his belongings. in math class, oliver's aide watches on as he doodles. ya boy leary, and then his old friend byron, reveals himself to be an entitled little [ __ ]. how come oliver still gets to use his phone in class? after school, oliver is invited to come see something cool, but his new chum remains suspiciously behind as he goes off to explore on his own. he soon finds himself in the field of old, wrecked cars that they have right behind the school, where he's surrounded by several young lads with low self-esteem. luckily, byron doesn't do much at this encounter beyond tossing his phone and kicking some dust up. sarah recounts her version of these events in their therapy session, where they work on oliver's communication skills. during the post-meeting wrap-up, the doctor's orders are to get oliver involved in more social activities, as it may be helpful to get him connected with a friend group. at night, we see marty hart at work manning the ticket booth at a vacant parking lot, a job not without its perks, like personal freedom and the occasional score from the lost and found box. however, after a sudden meteorological event, he is distracted by his efforts to fix the lights, as we witness a startling formation behind him. he gets home during playtime and sends oliver off to charge his new screen, so the adults can snipe at each other about who's putting in the most work and whether or not they've done all the right things to raise their child, considering his special needs. as oliver acclimates himself to his new device, he goes in for the big risk, checking out some of the spookier snapchat filters. and sure enough, one of them catches an errant face in the darkness. after bedtime, we then see that it's moving day for marty, who packs up and heads on out with naria goodbye. oh well, i'm sure it's better that way. the next morning, oliver asks a question of no one in particular and gets an answer yes. he then taps out another question, hoping whatever is out there will identify itself. and after letting go of the idea he may get another answer, the device calls out larry's name and confirms that he's just looking for a cool new friend like oliver. then sarah strolls in to casually inform him of an impending sleepover she set up with her estranged friend jennifer. she then tries to pair this up with an unexpected conversation about how dad no longer lives with them, but your boy is shook. and she's left without a good idea of how to interpret his behavior when jennifer arrives later on, we see that her son is byron, and that he brought the whole crew. then when jennifer makes a snide comment about oliver's strength, it's implied their estrangement is likely due to a physical altercation between him and byron when they were younger. soon the boys are all bunked up in the living room, trying to get in a few winks, while oliver stares at the closet and moans. this peaks their curiosity, and byron ventures in to hopefully find a secret candy stash, but only finds asbestos. when the tablet lights up, he pulls it out, and they begin reading the story of larry, which results in more unusual electromagnetic phenomena. they get spooked out, but that's a classic sleepover tradition, so byron continues on, and we learn that finishing the story conjures larry fully into our world. the popping lights prevent this from happening. however, when it sends them into a tizzy when they hear a faint moaning sound coming from the dining room, oliver uses the tablet's flashlight and camera to investigate, and they notice an apparition that's only visible in-screen, it's larry. byron tries to convince them that this is all a trick by venturing in there to show that the room is empty. but then he gets slammed into the wall by the dining room table. in the aftermath, byron chooses to blame oliver rather than risk sounding like a raving lunatic. then the next day, the boys are somewhat distressed to find that byron is not at school. while that's going on, sarah's trying to get the lamps set up again when she finds the tablet laid out and unveiling larry's story. after she leaves the room momentarily, she returns to find that larry can be very helpful. then she hears some shuffling and goes off to check it out, prepared to stab anyone who gets in her way. when the tablet gives more indications of larry's intent with oliver, she becomes distressed and rushes to school to pull him out of class. in the midst of all this panicking, jennifer calls her over, and they arrive to discover that byron has not been sleeping or speaking since the event. when he does croak out a few words, we learn he's ready to fess up about larry, and confirms his impression that larry intended to kill him. sarah decides to pack up a few items and get them the hell out of there, warning oliver to stay away from screams. but larry lures him in with the flickering light. and oliver uses the camera to follow him around and see what he's up to. he is gifted a yellow sponge and summoned to become a new friend. but sarah's presence causes larry to disappear. when they meet up with marty, a man of science, he is incredulous about the story of the ghost monster who travels on electricity. he presumes this to be a matter of rest, and he suggests that sarah gets in a nap while he takes oliver to work. determined to indoctrinate oliver into his materialist world view, he insists on reading larry's story, despite its accompaniment by the exact electrical phenomena previously described. as he works to regain power, oliver starts playing around with the infrared tape measure. as he scans around the parking lot, he seems to get it locked on a plastic bag or something that closes in on him, but then stops three feet away and is also invisible. just to make sure it's not a malfunction, he resorts to a more objective test, which sends him running back to the booth. marty tries to demonstrate that it's all good by flashing the tablet around, but he quickly learns that it is not all good. now that they're all on board, they focus their efforts on figuring a way out of their situation. as they do so, oliver unlocks the key for them, you see. so they resolve to destroy larry's window before it becomes a door by taking turns hammering on it, which is mostly symbolic because it could have easily been done by one person. unfortunately, oliver still needs a device to communicate verbally, so he uses mom's phone at school, where byron now becomes his ally. they find solidarity in their recent alarming experiences, and also learned that byron's animosity was due to his impression that oliver no longer wanted to be his friend, which was actually the work of the meddling, overprotective moms at work. that night, larry explains the penalty for interference, and marty finds himself stuck inside a darkened box. he uses his phone to try to locate the layerster and arms himself with a short metal shaft. when larry comes in, he goes out and tries to lock him in before abandoning his post for the second night in a row. unfortunately, larry rides the lights, so marty quickly finds himself plunged into utter darkness, causing him to wreck his vehicle. sarah gets the call letting her know about marty's accident, but it's dropped very quickly inside. larry utilizes a super edit of material to explain that he is an entity formed by the world's loneliness, which is why he desires to take a friend into his realm. he then forces them to finish the story and release him. so sarah hulks out in an attempt to destroy all the potential entry points for larry. still, he finds a hole big enough for him to emerge from, and then he enters the house. they manage to narrowly avoid him and get hidden upstairs under the bed, where they decide to also go ahead and hash out their trust issues, regarding the byron fiasco. we don't get a good sense of where they're at with this. but then sarah figures out an effective way to calm oliver, connecting with him by humming the spongebob theme song directly into his ear. this keeps them both quiet as larry slaps his giant feet around the room. then they have a breakthrough when oliver communicates verbally, but it gets them located. then oliver has the idea to bust out the lights to avoid larry, and suggests they flee to the field, where they are momentarily safe due to a lack of electricity nearby. of course, there's still the matter of the lost phone, which brings larry to the field, but doesn't explain how he sustains himself once there. regardless, he pursues them through the tall grasses like a raptor. and when they're split up by some junked out cars, oliver gets dragged into the woods where larry offers his hand in friendship. despite all they've learned so far, oliver reaches out toward him, but sarah steps in to take one for the team, protecting her son by leaving him in the woods to defend for himself, and rewarding his momentary eye contact with a haunting image that will live with him forever. we then yada yada over some details to find marty's stepping up to be the father that's needed for the situation. things are also going better at school, where the boys have pledged to stick together to combat loneliness and prevent larry's return. and then we're left with the final detail that on some nights when the mood is just right, oliver gets to visit with his mommy, his horrifying ghost mommy. i have a website set up where you can support the channel through donations or merch just a quick note that i've added an uncensored review of under the skin as a benefit for donation. i'd like to give a huge thanks to my donors. memorialized in the hall of head shots, come play as another of those child sees an entity that no one else can see, until they eventually are accosted by it and begin to understand the danger genre of supernatural films. this one was, in many ways just like the movie z which we looked at not too long ago. it was competently done and shot in a way to maximize the impact of their limited cgi budget, which is good. unfortunately, by so closely following the standard tropes and beats we've come to expect from this type of film, it didn't have much to offer that we haven't already seen. although, to its credit, it does a much better and less pandering job of presenting a character with autism than even the recent release, backed by sia, that was allegedly the result of five years of research. and so good on them for accomplishing that. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 