Welcome to Slash Forward. In this video we\xe2\x80\x99re going in hard, and assessing the odds of surviving a run in with the Collector, from the movie The Collector. Hit that like button to support your local entomology association. To start, I\xe2\x80\x99ll unpack the storyline to see what we can learn. Let\xe2\x80\x99s get to it. We open on a nice, little suburban house, undergoing some major landscaping renovations. It\xe2\x80\x99s tipsy owners pop in to blow off the excitement of the evening\xe2\x80\x99s successful socializing. But they find the power to be out, and Larry is frantically summoned upstairs to investigate a mysterious, shaking box, which he opens without hesitation and pays dearly for. We then transition to quieter, calmer environs filled with natural beauty and fields of wildflowers, and find a variety of contractors descending upon this old colonial fixer-upper. Here we meet Arkin, a handyman with a heart of gold, who is tasked with installing the window bars, to accentuate the Victorian prison aesthetic. As he stares longingly at the family photos and owner\xe2\x80\x99s business cards, he receives a jump scare from a straight up mermaid who invites him to a tea party. Despite his full social calendar, he partakes and uses this time to ask Jill about the ideal gift for a young mermaid about her age. Then he goes to shoo away a spider and is caught in a moment of unintentional familiarity, causing Michael to raise his hackles - so he betas down and leaves the family to their state-of-the-art security. Outside, he finds himself in a tense standoff with some wasps, and utilizes the one apparent health benefit of smoking. He then politely notifies the exterminator on his way home from the job site. Before he goes, he runs across the eldest daughter, Hannah, who tests out her feminine wiles on him and then tells him to prepare for a blowout. Afterward, she sneaks back into the house and instigates an argument with her mom about her desire to sit out their impending family vacay. Then Michael gives Arkin his pay and says farewell for a couple of weeks while the family is gone. We then find Arkin dropping in on his daughter at the alley, where he gifts her the hip Teddy Ruxspin recommendation he got from Jill. This pisses his ex Lisa right the hell off, because she needs money, not things. You can\xe2\x80\x99t take care of children with toys, and she can\xe2\x80\x99t pay off her bookies with his weak ass paycheck. So, she sees no viable option at this point but to pack up and run. Arkin, however, has something in the hopper and he vows to get her the money she needs by midnight so he can save his family and keep his baby close. He immediately calls the boys to let them know the heat is on. Then he visits the club to meet up with Big Roy, who is eager to show off his new Town Car. They\xe2\x80\x99ve been casing the Chase household for some time now, and Roy\xe2\x80\x99s hesitant about changing the timeline they had set in place. This is when mistakes are made, you see. But, since Arkin is in desperate need of immediate funds, and they have a codependent relationship, he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have much choice but to go along with it. Arkin then rolls up at fog o\xe2\x80\x99clock and sneaks up to the house in his bandits uniform where he finds the first major change to his expectations. He gets down to business, making quick work of the front door lock, and then steps in to find the security system disengaged so that\xe2\x80\x99s a win. He heads straight up to the wall safe and gets to hooking up all his code breaking tech, then turns the dial slowly until he hears each tumbler drop. He\xe2\x80\x99s distracted from this, however, when he hears the sound of a second person entering the house. He quickly packs up and tucks away where the two cat burglars have a brief listening standoff before Arkin slips back downstairs, only to find the backdoor now sporting a new quartet of specialty deadbolts. Recognizing that he\xe2\x80\x99s low on time and options, and then hearing the mystery man head into the basement, he opts to dart back upstairs to get what he came for. But he can\xe2\x80\x99t do the job without quiet concentration, and sounds of torture begin wafting up from the basement. Mr. Chase then stumbles into the room, thinking Arkin is a party to his misfortune, and he goes to grab his 9-iron. This sets off a trip wire that initiates a trap that snags and drags Michael down the hallway, suspending him momentarily before dropping him to the floor below. We then pull back a level as Arkin begins to recognize that the house is set up in a different configuration from normal. Being a man of action, Arkin goes for the phone, which causes a little tickle on his eardrum, and then heads for the windows, which are similarly set up to repulse any escape. The end result - a partial degloving when he goes to extricate his hand from the contraption. Arkin now proceeds slowly, noticing nasty little surprises all over. While the collector searches for the other person he suspects is in the house, Arkin tries to find a safe way out, and is taunted along the way by sharpies he can\xe2\x80\x99t touch, and cobwebs of razor wire. As he Mission-Impossibles his way around, we recognize that he previously navigated the house without injury through sheer luck. Looking for a break from finding and avoiding traps, he decides to seek the safety of the torture basement. Here he finds Mr. Chase alive and screaming. He lets Arkin know that his wife Victoria is in the next room, and that he has a gun in his bedroom safe. He then helpfully provides the combo Cause he be on that grind, y\xe2\x80\x99all. Arkin vows to help get him out of there to keep him calm. He then checks in on Victoria who is not well. She has an eye patch that he can\xe2\x80\x99t remove right now. She lets him know that Jill is gone, but she presumes Hannah is hiding in the house somewhere. He convinces her to lay down a distraction by screaming so he can get back upstairs. She does what he says and, true to his prediction, the collector doesn\xe2\x80\x99t hurt her. He does, however, ponder the thought of working over Michael, which he ultimately chooses to do, and with gusto. Upstairs Arkin opens the safe and retrieves the large, raw gemstone he came for. He could make about 50 birthstone pendants with that. He stuffs it into his cargo pocket, which is really going to smart later if he lands on it. Then he gets the gun, but finds there are no bullets available. While searching, he hears a noise from the closet and uncovers a blind box of epic proportions. Inside of it, he finds the Lar-ster, from the opening, who tells him to get the hell out. He warns that their host kills those he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t want, and collects the others, which you don\xe2\x80\x99t want, and uses some of them like Larry here as bait. Heeding this advice, he crams Larry back into the box and rushes off. Only too quickly as he soon finds himself in a sticky mess. His attempt to navigate the bedroom requires him to take certain actions that alert the collector to his presence. However, he is able to cover his tracks. The collector arrives and presumes the housecat to be the culprit while Arkin pulls off a 6-year old classic, thus avoiding detection. When the coast is clear, he carefully navigates his way out, grabbing a couple paperclips along the way. In the basement, he finds the fruits of the collectors labors as Michael hangs, eviscerated. He pushes past this and works to release Victoria, warning her to keep her eyes averted as they make their way through the adjacent room. Unfortunately, the second she steps on something squishy, she breaks the one rule, freaks out and runs. When she hits the top of the stairs, she is greeted by the collector and violently stabbed. He then takes a quiet moment to tenderly release a spider into the wild, before dragging Victoria back to the tub for preparation. The house is then enveloped in sound as he records Victoria\xe2\x80\x99s screams while stitching up her mouth, preventing him from hearing Arkin try to break out of the upstairs window. Then a huge storm rolls in that prevents Hannah from hearing Arkin\xe2\x80\x99s warnings as she rolls up with her forbidden date. She finds the front door lock to no longer work and, assuming it\xe2\x80\x99s just her petty mother teaching her a lesson, she thinks little of it. They head around to the back door where they are let in by the collector. They get playful and narrowly avoid a couple of traps as the Collector watches in sticky anticipation. Until he\xe2\x80\x99s discovered, which is exactly what he likes, so no big deal. Chad takes swift action, but suffers the failure of showing up to a knife fight with only fists, and ends up falling backwards and getting absolutely wrecked by a room full of bear traps, which ends up being much less funny than cartoons would have led us to believe. Hannah manages to dial 911, but is dragged off. Arkin runs upstairs to break away some of the boards on the windows and sets off an alarm that allows him to circle back and release Hannah from her barbed wire restraints. Due to the confusing nature of what\xe2\x80\x99s happening and his inexplicable presence in her house, Hannah resists his help and attempts to arm herself with the scissors. However, tugging upon them results in her getting flung bodily into the projector screen. Feeling like he\xe2\x80\x99s really coming out of this empty-handed, Arkin attempts to see if he can retrieve Larry. But, he discovers that Larry and box are synergizing pretty hard. So he leaves him and busts through the window, performing a perfect tuck \xe2\x80\x98n roll to the yard outside. Only to discover that Jill\xe2\x80\x99s been upstairs the whole time, daammmmmmiiittt. She\xe2\x80\x99s small enough to avoid most of the traps as the collector attempts to collect her, and then Arkin steps in and escorts her to her room. Here he tries setting up a booby trap of his own involving the fish tank and a tube television. But, the collector is wily, and this isn\xe2\x80\x99t his first rodeo. So he easily avoids it and starts chuckin knives at them as they run into the next room where Jill slips away into the laundry chute as their pursuer disrespectfully uses Larry\xe2\x80\x99s head to break down the door. When he does, they engage in hand to hand combat. During the struggle Arkin manages to unmask his attacker for a brief moment of satisfaction before he gets knocked the ef out. We then find them back in the basement where it\xe2\x80\x99s revealed his fishhook budget was nearly unlimited. And he kindly wakes Arkin up from his slumber with a delicate slice across his face. Once conscious, he starts in with a little tippety tap on his teeth as we learn he is also an enthusiast of dentistry. Jill makes a noise that attracts his attention, resulting in Arkin trying desperately to bring the attention back to him (be a little attention whore). He finds homophobic slurs to be the most effective tool in his toolbox here. And, right as this thing is about to turn into an episode of fear factor, the police finally roll up. The officer sees Chad\xe2\x80\x99s body in the dining room, and it puts him on high alert. Unfortunately, this causes him to tunnel hard on the collector when he appears, completely missing his faithful doggo who greedily rips out his jugular to slurp up all his delicious, inner fluids. While he works on this, Arkin is working through the delicious pain required to earn his freedom. After completing this, they manage to scurry up the laundry chute just ahead of the dog, and snuff his face into a flaming trash can. He then uses the dog to initiate a confrontation with his adversary in which, despite his tenderized hands, he manages to come out on top and send this prick back into the basement. This gives him a little time and space to think up a good trick to end things and, sure enough, when the collector emerges they distract him Shakma-style, and ensnare him in one of his traps. How ironic. They run out of there as fast as they can and try to get ahead of the line of police tearing down the road. Arkin discovers that a hitchhiker-style flag down would\xe2\x80\x99ve been ideal here. But, eventually, they get themselves all boxed up safe n sound as the house gets blown. Arkin even identifies the exterminator as the culprit before leaving, tying off that loose end. With it also just before midnight, he has a chance to actually pull this off But his relentless pursuer catches up with him and, being a man used to getting what he wants, indelicately crams him into his box before driving off into the night. With that now established, let\xe2\x80\x99s get to the question of whether you could survive this ordeal. We are going to have to take this somewhat at face value, in terms of considering your odds based on the assumption you have already found yourself inside a house of horrors. Because we\xe2\x80\x99re missing a key piece of information in that we never see the collector actually collect his victims. So we can\xe2\x80\x99t really say what steps might be involved in avoiding ensnarement. For the intended victims, obviously Arkin has the chance to decline to be a cat burglar. And, if he hadn\xe2\x80\x99t been encumbered by such a strong drive to get Lisa out of her gambling debt to ensure he could keep them around to assuage the guilt of his fatherly absenteeism, he would only be hearing about the fate of the Chase family on the news. But based on that assumption, it seems like if you were inclined to stay alert and aware of your surroundings, proceed cautiously and keep your head on a swivel, it is possible to make it out. But not probable, so I\xe2\x80\x99d have to put the survival odds at approximately 18.54%. That\xe2\x80\x99s in consideration of the average person, of course. You, however, are exceptional\xe2\x80\xa6.I\xe2\x80\x99m sure you\xe2\x80\x99d be fine. Realistically, if you want to win in this scenario, Arkin had the generally correct idea, he just implemented it too timidly. First off, when I saw his lockpicking kit, I assumed it likely from my own experiences as a cat burglar that we would find a pair of wire cutters therein. Sure enough, he whips them out later to handle the barbed wire on Hannah. While the collectors' tricks and traps are interesting, elegant and varied, they also seem to be overly complicated in some ways, and rely a great deal on pulleys and piano wire. A good pair of wire cutters would really render a majority of these things completely impotent. This, and the fact that most of the useful items in the house are made unreliable by booby traps, also speaks to the wisdom of carrying a knife on your person at all times. If you have that covered, everything else is simply a matter of time and opportunity. The Collector seems to be a formidable foe in terms of the martial arts. So taking him on directly is really a matter of necessity and consideration for your physical condition. If you\xe2\x80\x99ve been injured or weakened in any way, it\xe2\x80\x99s probably best to avoid him. Especially since, aside from being an obvious master of tai chi, he also seems more than happy to find soft places on your body to insert his knives. Once you\xe2\x80\x99ve made the decision to escape and are alone upstairs, the power of positive thinking will bring you through. It\xe2\x80\x99s likely disheartening to get your hand snapped up in a razor blade trap, for instance. But, I find it hard to believe that whatever spring/counterweight mechanism he had set up for this has been repeated on all the upstairs windows. By refusing to let the fact that you\xe2\x80\x99re stuck in some sickos torturous wet dream cause you to recede inward, you can begin testing and confirming the safest point of egress and work your way out from there, being very careful to make sure you time any loud noises with the shrieks of pain and agony emanating from downstairs. This will be hard to overlook, but in an emergency, you have to take care of yourself first to put yourself in a position to help others. Hindsight is powerful for us here, but at the time, he didn\xe2\x80\x99t really do much saving on his own by running the gauntlet multiple times. You\xe2\x80\x99ll have to push past your emotions here to ensure you can take advantage of your faculties for rational decision making. Before we go, I\xe2\x80\x99d like to give a huge thanks to my donors, memorialized in the hall of headshots. As an FYI, I have a website set up where you can support the channel through donations or merch. Any donation unlocks uncensored movie reviews of Lifeforce and Under the Skin, with others to be added over time. If you enjoyed the video, I\xe2\x80\x99d love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. Thanks for watching. 