[Music], hmm. [Music]. welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will explain as the gods will. this movie tells the story of high school students that are forced to play a game of death with no knowledge of who's behind the games. their only option is to continue winning to stay alive. will they survive in the end? let's find out in as the god's will. as the god's will begins at a high school in japan, in a classroom, a student named shun plays a game of dharma-san gagarin with his friends. playtime was supposed to be fun, but sean and his friends had to risk their lives instead. while playing this game. the rules of darmason's game are quite simple. dharma sandal will sing a line while facing the blackboard. the students were asked to walk closer to him. however, if dharmasan's puppet stops singing and turns to face the back, all students must stop and not move at all. if any pupil is seen to move, even with the slightest movement, the pupil will be blown up and turn into beads of blood the size of marbles. all the students in the class died one by one, and only two students were left alive, namely shun and his best friend, sataki. shun and sataki then work together to stop the madness of dharma-sandal. they hatch a plan to press the button on the back of the doll before the game time runs out, or else they will both suffer tragic deaths like their classmates. when only a few seconds remained, sataki used himself as shun's foothold to make it easier for him to jump and press the button behind the puppet. the situation was even tenser because they only had one chance. at the last second, shun finally managed to press the button before the time ran out. both of them were very happy because they managed to win this game. but then sataki's head exploded and he died. it turns out that the only survivor at dharmasana's deadly game is the one who presses the button. while shun was still mourning the death of his best friend, suddenly the classroom door opened. the girl is ichika. it turns out that all the students at the school are participating in the game, but only a few managed to survive sean and ichigo tried to escape outside the school, but their school building was locked and there was no other way to escape. they finally arrived at the gym and gathered with the other students who managed to survive. however, another deadly game awaits them in the sports hall. students are asked to wear mouse costumes, and a giant maneki neku doll will chase them, then destroy or eat them. the game will be stopped if the students manage to insert a bell into the iron ring around the neck of the giant meneki neku before the game time ends. of course, this isn't easy to do because maniki neku's movements are very agile, and the position of the ring around his neck is also quite high. a student who is good at playing basketball tries to outwit manikiniku. he did a three-point shoot and managed to get the basketball into the ring. when the attention of the giant cack doll turned to the basketball, ichiga immediately threw a bell at the student. the student managed to catch the cat's bell and quickly put it in the ring. but then maneki neku swiftly caught the bell. the giant cat doll then threw the bell at the student until his body bounced hard against the wall and died instantly. shun gets an idea to finish maneki neku's deadly game. he invites ichiga into a room to set up a plan. a few moments later they come out of the room, each of them carried something the size of a basketball. shaun's idea was to coat the two objects in a mouse costume, so that maneki neku couldn't guess which of the two was his bell. the cloth on the thing shun was carrying was slightly exposed, so maneki neku could see that shun was carrying a basketball. meneki neku then chased after ichiga, who tried to throw the object she was carrying into the ring as fast as lightning. the giant cat doll brushed it off and knocked ichika down. however, manikiniku is fooled because the object ichiga brings is an actual basketball. when maneki neku's attention was still focused on ichika, shan brought the cat's bell through the object and almost into the ring. unfortunately, it bounced, and their efforts were in vain. but suddenly, a student named takaru jumps from above. manakeneku swiftly catches the cat's bell and then puts it into the ring. they managed to win the game just in time. takaru is a troubled student at school who seems quite to enjoy watching his friends die horribly. only shun and ichiga were left alive by takaru. after that, the maneki neku doll suddenly emitted gas that filled the entire room. sean and ichiga and takaru lost consciousness. the scene switches to people watching the news on television. the news broadcast broadcasts that high school students worldwide were also playing deadly games like shun and the others. the participants who managed to survive the game at their school will then be taken into a giant cube that hovers in the air. shun, who woke up in a room, was suddenly startled by shelko, who was his close friend in middle school. in that room, they are required to follow kakomi's game. the rules are quite simple. participants are required to sit with their eyes closed and listen to the singing of the four kokeshi dolls hovering around them. after the song stops, participants are required to guess the name of the kakeshi doll behind them within 10 seconds. if the guess is wrong, the doll will shoot lasers from their eyes and the players will be destroyed. and if the players guessed correctly, the doll will be destroyed and release a key to follow the next game. shun and shoko also met the other participants in the room, yumi and mikinori, also high school students like them. yumi started the game first, but her guess was wrong and she was shot in the head by a laser. mikinori also suffered a similar fate, until it was shun's turn. he managed to win the game, even with a little trick. shoko, who had not yet participated in the game, was still declared qualified and entitled to advance to the next round. after taking the key and exiting the room, shun encounters a participant named yukio, who runs away from the evil kokeshi doll. yukio says that the only way to keep the evil kokeshi from catching her is by holding hands. they then held hands, and the evil kakeshi passed them just like that. shoko then begged chun not to let go of her hand. but then ichiga came from another direction in a hurry. apparently she is also being chased by the evil kakeshi doll. shan immediately released his grip on shoko then grabbed ichika's hand to save her. seeing that shyoko looked sad because shun preferred to hold the hand of another girl. it turns out that she secretly loves shun, who had once helped her when she was about to commit suicide. after surviving the evil kakeshi doll, shan and his friends enter a room and meet two other participants, eg and kotaru. in the room there is a giant doll head that has seven key holes and a timepiece. the timepiece on the doll continued to count down, signaling that time was about to end. but there were only six of them and only had four keys. at the last minute, takoru arrives and manages to get three keys by killing the other participants. the number of participants and the required keys are complete. they then put in the key simultaneously, and the giant head doll rolled down a tunnel leading to another room. the participants were required to change their clothes and walk down the tunnel to the end of the room. at the end of the tunnel, the participants arrived at a cold and snowy room. there the participants will play a game from shuttle camo or the giant polar bear. different from the previous dolls, shotokama looks friendly. the game from shotokama also sounds easy, namely, a game that will test the honesty of the participants. shirokama will ask a question, and the participants are required to answer honestly. however, if caught lying, he would immediately destroy the participant. shirokama's first question was about their favorite foods. shirokama asked in a friendly manner, and the participants answered casually. but then shirokama suddenly became angry and said that one of the participants was lying. he also said that the participants had to guess and determine which was lying within two minutes, or he would destroy all the participants. the participants accused and blamed each other. after arguing for quite a while, the majority of them pointed and blamed yukio. yukio looked annoyed because he was accused without clear reasons and evidence. before he had time to defend himself. an angry shirokama crushed his body with his hands. all participants shuddered with horror and fear. shirokama, who had been friendly and pleasant, had turned into a gruesome and brutal figure. shirokama asked the next question. the giant bear asked how they felt about shun. takuru answered frankly that he liked shun. meanwhile, ichiga and shoko seemed embarrassed to say the answer because the two girls liked sean. but shotokuma got angry again and snapped at the participants, accusing one of them of lying. the other participants accused shoko of lying because of her clumsy demeanor. but ichiga and shun immediately defended her in front of shirokama. they believed that shoko was telling the truth. but the majority of the participants had already offered shoko's name to shirokama before shurukama crushed her tiny body. shoko told shun that she had loved him all along. shun, devastated by shoko's death, then vented his anger by shouting as loudly as he could. he then realized that it was shirokuma who was lying. shaun accused shirokama by saying that the giant bear was black, not white. it was shutukama who had been lying all this time. shun's gas turned out to be right. shirokama's body turned black. shun and the other participants then managed to win the game. the remaining players finally arrive at the next game location, a fortress with typical russian architecture. the next game is the game of the mata yashka doll, which is also the last game. in this game, the participant who managed to kick a can before sunset will be declared the winner and crowned as the child of god. however, kicking the can will also trigger an explosion that will kill the players near the can. the participants will play a game of hide and seek, where one participant will take on the role of a devil and find the participants who are hiding and then put them in prison. after doing a lottery of choosing a stick at random, takaru is finally determined to be the devil because he gets a red stick. however, as long as takuru can't see the participants faces directly, they can continue playing until they allotted time. shawn and the other three participants immediately ran into the fort to hide from takaru. however, takaru is quite smart. he managed to find ichi and kataru in no time and put them in prison. catching ichiga is also not difficult for him, until only shun is left. takoru then clamored for shun to join him and win the game together. shun, who was hiding in a warehouse, got an idea. he found a suit of armor made of iron, complete with his helmet covering his entire head. he then put on the armor and came out of his hiding place. takuru couldn't catch shun because devils were not allowed to catch other participants whose faces weren't visible according to the rules. shun managed to outwit takaru and tied a chain to his body. after that, he jumped to the edge of the fort that was directly adjacent to the sea. takaru, who was tied to him, was also dragged along. when takaru tried to free himself, shan appeared while climbing the edge of the fort with difficulty. turns out it was shawn's ploy to trap takaru in the heavy armor. after successfully climbing up the fort, shun ran towards the can. at the same time, takaru, who had managed to free himself from the armor chains, rushed after shun to prevent him from kicking the can. but takuru lost quickly. shun manages to kick the can and is declared the winner in the mateyashka doll game. nothing happened after shun managed to win the game. this surprised takaru, because normally the losing player would end up dying. but then the matayashika doll said that the explosion was just a lie to make the game tenser, and the participants were serious about playing. after winning the game, the participants celebrated by enjoying a popsicle provided by the game organizer. all participants looked happy, except for takaru. on the other hand, shawn and ichiga sat alone while chatting about what they would do together after exiting this game. but then the happy smile on of his face faded, replaced with a strained expression and suppressed cry. with a voice shaking with fear. she then apologized to shun for not keeping her promise at first shun didn't understand what she meant. he then looked at the ice cream stick, and it said, bingo, you're alive. sean then checked ichiga's ice cream stick. her ice cream stick had dead written on it. on the other hand, eg and kataru also got the same writing as ichiga on their ice cream sticks. meanwhile, takuru got the same writing as the one on shun's he smirked in satisfaction, because this was the result of the game he had hoped for. after that, the matayashi kadal immediately fired lasers at ichiga, egy and kotaru. their bodies were instantly shattered into pieces. at the end of the game, sean and takuru appeared on the top of the giant cube. and below them, the crowd cheered for their success in winning the game. takaru looked happy, but shun looks miserable because he lost his closest friends. shun then knelt in despair while muttering the words, god doesn't exist. one of the matayashika dolls corrected shun's words by saying that all the games they had played so far would bring them closer to god. it seems that the doll's talk is not mere nonsense, because through this game, those who lose will immediately return to god's presence or die. and the film ends. [Music]. you 