[Music]. the film starts by showing a prison. its system is very mysterious, and its building comprises almost 100 floors. then the kitchen of this prison is also viewed, where many chefs are making a variety of tasty foods. that it was the good point of this prison. let's tell you how good this is. now, the prisoner used to live on each floor according to their punishment. and the food used to serve them on a platform. the serving of that food used to start from the top floor, and it gradually moves down. the prisoners of each floor had only two minutes to eat that food.let's talk about the two prisoners who are the major characters of this movie. and they are imprisoned in cell number 48. that their names are trying acai and goring. the platform of food has been set and it had reached their floor 48. while descending, trying says to goring, eat as much as you can feed yourself. when goring glimpses that platform of the food, he feels awkward because the food has been spread on it because the prisoners of the upper floor had attacked the food dots. so goring only takes an apple from it. while try mega ci takes much food. dot, as the platform of food descends, then their cell temperature begins to increase. that, in fact, trimesti had preserved some food from the platform while eating, which was against the law and orders. and their cell was heated to punish them. now this temperature may not be moderated until they return the food or die. dot, it is seen that goring is unique from the other prisoners because he is not a criminal, but an educated person, that he himself came in the prisoner to get rid of the addiction of smoking otherwise. he had also brought a book along with him. he had to get the certificate in return. the next day, it again happens as such, that platform moves to their floor. trimegasai fills his stomach soundly, but goring does not get up from his place because he was not habitual to eat the left food. try megasai asks him, what is the issue with you? why do you not take food? just ask from the ground floor prisoners, what do they face when they don't get food? i have also spent a month as it is, and my condition had turned to worst. goring also disliked it that the upper floor prisoners don't leave the food for the bottom floor prisoners dot so he attempts to contact the upper floor prisoners kindly eat less and also care about the bottom floor prisoners. but the upper floor prisoners were very rude, and they overlook his request. and the bottom floor prisoners used to be dead because of not attaining the food. then they come to know that a prisoner has committed suicide. then try megasai informs gorjun that it is routine wise happening here. try miguesa tells me, that my cellmate has died when i did not get the food. then i quench my appetite eating him. the time of the food delivery is approached as they are talking, and that platform begins to move upward. but a girl is also seated there. gordon asks her, what happened? do you need any help? trying, advises gordon, leave her. it is her routine. she acts the same each month. actually, her child has died, and she peeps on each floor to search for him. and she also does not allow anyone to live in her cell because it was her aspiration to have her kid. when that platform is descending with the seated girl, then the prisoners of cell 49 begin to tease her. and that girl named maharu kills those two prisoners, and she again sits back on the platform in the same way. the time continues to pass. month has passed for goring that he came to this prison trimesai and goring had befriended closely. sometimes it used to happen that the platform moves upward speedily. dot, so the upper floor prisoner quenched their appetite, and the bottom floor prisoners left hungry the time it descended. so it happened that the platform started to move from the bottom to the upper floor, and there left no food until it reached the upper floor. dot. so the upper floor prisoners either died with starvation or commit suicide. one day, try magazine and gordon are sleeping, then they come to know that the drug has spread everywhere to knock them out. and it occurs when there is a requirement to change their cell. now they start to wish their cell may be selected in the middle of the building floor, because the prisoners in the cell amid a building were at advantages. they could get a little food, either the food platform descends or ascends. sometimes the bottom floor prisoners were at risk. and sometimes the upper floor prisoners, they notice, waking up, that they are on building floor number 141, dot. and goring finds himself tied, trying, says, moving towards him, these are days when the food platform ascends. the food platform will have been emptied when it reaches there. because we are in the cell of 141. that you are thinking, why have i tied you? so listen, i may eat you with the passage of days. feeling appetite, trimaguesai is appearing very wild here.3 days are past here. trimaguesai is feeling appetite here. that it is obvious that goring is also feeling hunger. but everyone's power of tolerance is different from others, including how good-hearted he is. gorjun never thought that he may quench his appetite while cutting off trimagisai. while trying had already thought about it. now he begins to cut the flesh of goring. as he feels appetite. goring shouts. then miharo appears. they're seated on the platform, and she rescues goring. being free, he kills trimaguesai. miharo starts to eat the flesh of trimagisai coming there, she also asks goring to eat it. now they eat this flesh for many days, because they had to spend the whole month in some way. even though trimaguesai's dead body was worsened, the insects had bread in his flesh. but gorjun begins to eat his flesh a little bit to survive. at last. this month is also passed. then it is seen that gordon knows, after waking up, that he is on building level 33, that at this time, his cellmate is a lady, and she has also a dog with her. and this lady herself had come into this prisoner as goring had arrived. so she may learn to eat while sharing, getting the experience of the circumstances of this prison. actually, this lady is part of management who had interviewed goring before his entry into the prison. then it is seen that the food is delivered, and goring takes food, filling his stomach. but that lady serves her dog a little food, and she eats nothing. so the prisoners on the bottom floor may take food easily when the platform of food descends to the bottom floor. then the men on that floor are the worst. they eat food voraciously. that lady asks them, what is the problem with you? why do you not leave food for the bottom floor prisoner? but they don't act upon her said words. one day, goring says to them, i will make all food filthy if you don't leave the food. so you will also not be able to eat this food. so the prisoners on the bottom floor agree with them. done in this way, the food begins to leave behind a little bit. as a result, the prisoners of the bottom floors had started to survive eating it. then it is seen that the same girl, miharo, arrives on that platform. she kills the dog of that lady. consequently, a dispute is started between both ladies. now that lady, whose dick has been killed, she says to goring, maharu is insane. she has no child and her mental balance has disordered coming here. dot, don't be entrapped by her. now goring asks his cellmate, lady, why have you come here? then she tells, i am suffering from cancer, disease, that it cannot be cured and i will soon die. dot, in the same way, this month is also passed.goring cell number was required to change. this building has not only 100 or 200 floors dot it is known that this prisoner has many building floors, which cannot be counted. now they are on the 202 building floor. goring notices that his cellmate, lady, has hanged herself here. goring begins to suffer the hallucination it means. he visualizes that his cellmate tells him, coming there, that i commit suicide so you may survive eating my flesh. but goring was not willing to eat her because she was a very decent woman. moreover, she was also suffering from cancer. goring is feeling very appetite because the food was not being delivered to the building cell 202, that he begins to eat the pages of his book reluctantly. but he moves to the dead body of that lady when his appetite is not quenched, and he starts to eat her. similarly. this month is also passed. now he awakens on building floor six. that his cellmate is a man at this time, and he has a rope that he tells goring, i will move to the top upper floor, and i will escape using this rope. but its implication is not too easy. everyone begins to tease him instead of helping. but goring saves him and says to him, stop. we will move together on the platform for a few days. that we ourselves will deliver the food to all, little by little, so the food may be left for everyone. and they begin to carry it out. when they are moving on, a day, it is seen on the building floor that some prisoners are trying to kill that girl, miharu. goring immediately kills those prisoners reaching there, and he rescues me. meanwhile, goring is also very injured. miharu had already been injured after being beaten. so she dies here. now that insane girl, maharu, was also no more. they again ride on the platform. now platform descends beyond their thought. just think about where the last floor is. there, they observe that a girl is hidden under a bed. this little girl is not anyone else, but the daughter of umaharu. there is still left the little food to them, a very little, because goring cellmate has preserved for him. goring serves that food to that little girl, and he descends that it is seen coming downward that goring cellmate has died. they had also wounded when they were rescuing kamiharu afterward, that man's wounds had bled a lot. then it is seen that goring has also made that little girl sitting on that platform. now that platform is descended to the bottom, but try migusai glimpses him as he moves downward, who says to goring, you have passed your trial. actually, it was the hallucination of goring to see try mega, this platform will ascend back, and this little girl will remain here. people mostly lose their courage. look at this little girl, how cute she is. you descended due to this little girl, but we were unaware of it. but it was unknown that goring may survive in the basement or not. because this building was very complicated, no one knew the exit. the ending of this movie is unseen. it is rather told that little girl again descends. the movie ends in this scene. thanks for watching. 