American Horror Story, is there anything the show hasn't covered? over its eight year tenure, Ryan Murphy stuck just about everything in there, from sadistic surgeons to aliens and psychotic nuns, the bloodthirsty ghosts - not one, but two literal, Insane Clown Posse's. the show has given us iconic ly badass, which is sumptuous, vampires and even a troublingly attractive Antichrist. up until apocalypse, the connections between the seasons of American Horror Story were tenuous at best, mostly thanks to the cameos from characters with main storylines in different seasons, like when Queenie shows up at the hotel Cortez in American Horror Story. for then apocalypse happened, and everything finally clicked, confirming that, yes, the seasons all took place in the same universe, on the same timeline, and that the events of one season had serious effects on the following seasons. but because American Horror Story covers a massive span of time, this sideline gets pretty complex. a lot of events from different seasons occur simultaneously. and oh yeah, don't forget about the completely alternate timeline that Mallory creates at apocalypse by time-traveling using the power of tempest infinitum. wrapping your head around everything that happens during the course of this series is almost as challenging as performing the seven wonders. but we're here to guide you through the dark. I'm Jacob with cinematic ax, and this is the american horror story timeline, just in time for 1984. Roanoke history, 1500s. it's safe to say that outside storylines involving divine beings like Satan, who've been around since almost the beginning of humanity, the earliest major event in the series takes place in Roanoke in the 1500s. the witch Scottish steps off the boat in the colonies and quickly ascends to the position of supreme, making her the first known Supreme in the new world, at least according to the series. then in 1587, John White, leader Roanoke, goes traipsing off, leaving his wife, Thomasin in charge in the interim. like many women in history, she's brutally punished after a few years of trying to make any kind of influential decisions and her husband's absence, and the villagers and her own ungrateful son klappas scolds bridle on her and banished her to the forest to die. she saved by Scottish, who essentially buys Thomas and soul from her. after becoming scavenges number one, Stan Thomas, and returns to the village and makes everyone commit human sacrifices to her, girl, gaga. and when Thomasin finds out that the villagers are super into it, she goes on a mass murdering spree before letting cih kill her, effectively bonding everybody's souls to the land and turning herself into the butcher, an immortal servant of Scots who emerges during the Blood Moon every October. oh, also, in Apocalypse, we learned that in 1590, when all of this is going down, a Roanoke, another enterprising witch named Agnes Sampson figures out a particularly gory way to kill warlocks, but she's burned at the stake before she can get to those boys, something that'll allow all of us to enjoy Billie Porter's portrayal of the Warlock behold, but also, you know, leaving the path to ascension for the Antichrist wide open. coven history, 1700s, to 1804. about two hundred years after that, Scottish reigns supreme in the American colonies. then in coven, we learned about another supreme prudence. Mathur is a witch who escapes the Salem trials in 1692 with her coven. they eventually set up shop down in New Orleans without dear prudence, and get into a turf war with the voodoo Queens who already live there. it's hard to imagine that rivalry without Madame LaLaurie and Marie Laveau, but they aren't even born until 1787, in 1801, respectively. also New Orleans, miss robichaux's Academy for exceptional young ladies opens in 1790 as a finishing school for wealthy girls, a totally normal building, devoid of witchcraft at the time. two years later, the ill-fated Edouard Philippe Mott builds the shaker mansion on top of the Roanoke sight, and then dies promptly at the hands of the butcher. don't worry though, the Maude family line continues on in his descendant, Danby Mott, who we have the misfortune to meet in freakshow in 1830. Madame Laurie moves in with her daughter's to New Orleans. after three long years of stomaching their mother's signature sadistic skincare regimen, the daughters plot to kill her Madame LaLaurie hears about their plans and imprisons them in a slave cage, which is a bad call for everyone. around the same time, Marie Laveau summons Papa Legba and gives her firstborn son to him in exchange for immortality. despite Manimal Laurie's crimes against her slaves, Marie Laveau doesn't really get involved with her, until one of the imprisoned daughters tries to rape a slave named Bastion in her typical fashion, while laurie decides to go super sadistic, and she affixed as a severed bulls head to bastions had his punishment, killing him in the process. little does she know that Bastion is Marie Laveau's lover, looking for revenge. Laveau murders lalaurie's family, then makes her immortal and buries her alive, so that she can live with the grief of seeing her dead family for eternity. Ryan Murphy really likes making Kathy Bates disgruntled and immortal, as we'll see throughout the series. oh, and Marie Laveau also tries to resurrect poor Bastian, but it doesn't exactly go as planned, since he comes back as Minotaur instead of himself. I mean, what did you think was gonna happen after this incident? their rivalry takes a timeout through the 1860s when that whole Civil War is happening. during this period, miss robichaux's is repurposed as a hospital and later converted into the witch school we've come to know hotel history. 1890s to 1910s, it's nearly the turn of the century, 1893, and back in Roanoke, serial-killer Kincaid polkas going whole hog. well, ok, his pigs are going whole hog on it. they eat him alive. the pigs eat him alive, much like poor Bastian, he returns from the dead as half-man, half-beast, and becomes the piggy man who joins the butcher and terrorizing the poor inhabitants of the shaker house for all time. a couple years later, Rudolph Valentino and James March are born, both destined for the hotel Cortez, a torrid love affair with Elizabeth Johnson and a largely uncomfortable immortality. also around this time, Edward mordrake, a murderous two-faced freak from England, joins a circus and slaughters his whole troupe on Halloween, cementing him and legend and also granting him an uncomfortable immortality. really uncomfortable immortality is a lot of what American Horror Story is ultimately about. well, to be fair, there is also a lot of uncomfortable mortality too. in 1910, Briarcliff Manor is built and becomes the largest tuberculosis ward on the east coast, which means something like 46,000 patients die there before it's shuttered. legend has it that once you were committed at Briarcliff, you never got out. in 1919 back at miss robichaux's, the witches and the coven trap a particularly jazzy serial killer called the axe man and the academy and kill him, thus binding his spirit to the house. a few years pass and in 1922, Murder House is built by dr. Charles Montgomery, surgeon, to the stars. and I think we all remember how well that turns out. around the same time, the hotel Cortez goes up around town. and, well, it's not explicitly called the murder hotel. wealthy developers slash serial killer, James March, built it for that express purpose. and he gets to work on getting his hands dirty. anyway, remember our old friend Rudolph? well, he comes to stay at the hotel after it opens. Elizabeth Johnson falls in love with him before he contracts vampirism from a doctor during a movie. a year goes by before she sees him again. and, thinking Rudolph has died, Elizabeth marries James March for the money. the truth comes out in both cases, and Elizabeth makes the best of it. she convinces James to murder the rich, if he must murder we at cinematic awill always stand an anti-capitalist Queen. and she becomes a vampire too. she plans to run away with Rudolph and his wife Natasha, so that they can travel the world together as a higher-power throuple. but James finds out and traps Natasha and Rudolph in the walls of the hotel. Cask of Amontillado style. Elizabeth, the epitome of drama, believes they've abandoned her and decides to become the countess now with the express goal of seducing beautiful people and turning them into vampires like herself. James, for his part, freaks out in a different way and begins the 10 commandments killings. meanwhile, across the country, the town from cults, Brookfield Heights, Michigan, is established. but before we get to that particularly frightening place, we're joining the circus for a while. freak show history, 1920s to 1960s. in 1928, business is booming for freak shows. and poor, sweet lobster claw Jimmy Darling is born, a live freak birth to strongman Dell Toledo and bearded woman Ethel darling. this cements his rocky relationship with his mother and with the circus for the next decade. in 1932, Elsa Mars is drugged and kidnapped in Germany, where her assistant, a Nazi doctor named hans gruper, films the act of amputating both of her legs before attempting to kill her in a snuff film. she escapes and over the next decade, adopts pepper, yes the same pepper, from asylum, and starts her freak show where she recruits Jimmy and his family to perform along with the rest of her troupe. in 1941, the murderous con man Stanley, uses Maggie Esmeralda, who's posing as a fortune-teller, to gain access to Elsa's freaks, so that he can kill them and sell their body parts, or, in ma petites case, her whole body, to museums dedicated to showcasing the macabre for a profit. a few years later, twisty, the clown escapes the traveling carnival he's with and opens his own toy shop, which does not go well. he unsuccessfully attempts suicide by putting a shotgun in his mouth, hence that scary two themed mask he wears while he's on the run. in the 50s, Don and Ben Tabler join Elsa's freak show, and dandy Mott finds twisty during a kill, where he decides to become the clown's protege. they wind up at Elsa's freak show one night, and to protect her coterie, Elsa summons Edward mordrake to kill twisty, which only really makes twistiest scary, bloodthirsty, amoral clown. but okay. dandies taken by Dodd and Bette, who disagree about how they feel about him, but it doesn't really matter in the end, since Elsa ends up selling them to him anyway. Jimmy doesn't feel right about the situation and rescues the twins. dandy freaks out and murders an entire Tupperware party of women, making it probably the liveliest Tupperware party ever thrown. and as retribution for taking the twins, dandy frames jimmy for the murders. jimmy is arrested, but in 1953, the freaks break Jimmy out of prison. they also figure out the truth about Stanley and murder him for killing their friends. later that year, Elsa sells the Freak Show to dandy for $10,000, a real steal. and things take a serious turn for the worse when dandy can't make money on ticket sales. he systematically murders the freaks one by one, with the exception of the twins who agreed to marry him under clear duress. things work out in the end though, when the remaining freaks tricked dandy into climbing into a Chinese water torture device where they drown him. that son of Chinese water torture works at all. Dandy's house, the shaker mansion in Roanoke, who goes up for sale. Elsa gets a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, and then she kills herself by performing on Halloween, much to the delight of Edward mordrake. by 1960, Jimmy and the twins are pregnant. in 1961, Marie Laveau is reanimating corpses to kill off a racist lynch mob in Louisiana. and in 1962, Briarcliff Manor reopens in Maryland as an insane asylum. asylum history, 1962 to 1967. the very same year the Briarcliff opens, pepper is committed there, having been framed for the murder of her sister's baby. the Reverend Monsignor who runs the asylum agrees to let dr. Arthur Arden, the doctor formerly known as hans gruper, who you may remember from cutting off elsa Mars's legs, conduct experiments on the patients there. so what could possibly go wrong. in the next few years, kid Walker and Leigh Emerson are committed for mass murders, though in kits case, wrongfully so. and a journalist named Lana winters attempts to sneak in after hours, but is caught and committed for being queer. she's tortured with electroshock therapy. and in the meantime, Kitts wife, Alma, is abducted by extraterrestrials. at this point, sure, why not? also at this point in the season there's a really weird plot point with Anne Frank. but you know what, we're just gonna skip past that. and Frank, whoever she is. in 1964, Lana manages to break out of Briarcliff with a patient named Oliver thredson. but when they get out, he tells her that he's the real bloody face killer and holds her hostage. their car crashes on Lana wakes up back in Briarcliff and is all one of the security guards. Frank is murdered by sister Eunice, who's possessed by a demon, by the way, because, of course she is. but demon Eunice pins it on sister Jude, who's committed as a patient and tortured nearly to death. Grace and pepper are abducted by the previously mentioned aliens and returned to Briarcliff. in 1965, alive and extremely pregnant sister Eunice is thrown from the roof of Briarcliff by monseigneur, and dr. Arden futs is around with her dead body without realizing that she's been kissed by the of death. so he dies. this season is wild, y'all. kit, grace and Lana are released from Briarcliff, but pepper dies in its confines. by the time kit returns home with grace, his abducted wife, Alma's been returned safe and sound. well, maybe not to sound, since she promptly dispatches grace with an ax to open. Lana writes a best-seller on her year-long tenure at Briarcliff and exposes all of her as the bloody face killer, before gunning him down in his home. in 1967, KITT can't handle almost alien talk and checks her into Briarcliff, which is a pretty dick move in my opinion. but hey, she didn't cut down my girlfriend, so either way, Alma ends up dying in Briarcliff before it's abandoned and shut down in 1971, following the success of Lana winters television expose of the facility's murder House history, 1968 to 1994. over in LA, in 1968, someone thought it was a great idea to convert Murder House into a sorority house for nursing students. and it ends up about the way you think it would, with lots of blood. and not like blood, as in their nursing students. it's not like that. the house goes back on the market, and Constance Langdon, an aspiring actress from Virginia, buys it and moves in, hoping to make it big in LA. oh, and don't forget, this is also just about when Fiona murders Anna Leigh Leighton down at miss robichaux's and New Orleans in order to become the new supreme okay, alright. in 1972, Molson year slits his wrists in the bathtub, overcome with guilt following the closure of Briarcliff, Constance gives birth to Adelaide, her first child, who's born differently-abled, and gives up on her acting dreams to raise her. though I'm not sure what Constance puts Adelaide through can really be called raising a child. sometime after, Constance also gives birth to another differently abled child, Bo, whom she keeps chained up in the Attic at murder house, naturally. meanwhile, it's the same old story over at the Roanoke House. in 1973, and nice family, the Chen's, move in and are promptly dispatched by the butcher over at hotel Cortez. the countess is still a break in hearts and taken names and humanity, she seduces and turns a b-movie Queen Ramona Royale, and the to start a long-standing love affair. five years later, Constance gives birth to her second child, a boy named Tate, and abandons murder house with the intention of refurbishing and I'm moving back in the next year. in 1978, while the murder house is abandoned, two neighborhood kids venture into the house, only to be brutally murdered by the atrocity that is the infant otta, the hideous result of Charles Montgomery's attempts to resurrect the child his wife Nora killed in the house. the 80s roll around in kid is abducted by the aliens, which is a fair price to pay for gas lighting his wife to death, if you ask me. murder house is fully refurbished, and Constance moves back in with her kids. she catches her husband cheating on her with the maid Moira, and well, murders them both. if the name of the house hasn't clued you in on what happens here, in 1984, the countess takes in a woman named Nick Pryor, but instead of turning her helps her transition into Liz Taylor, who, like her namesake, is fabulous. she has Liz work at the hotel and treats Liz with kindness and affection. another unfortunate duo moves into the shaker house in Roanoke in 1988, although this time the occupants, Miranda and bridge Jane, are no less evil than the butcher really. they open up. shaker house has an assisted living facility, though with these two in-charge, is more of an assisted dying facility. their ageist killing spree ends when the butcher takes them out. in the early 90s, a man named Larry Harvey moves into the murder house with his wife and two kids. when she finds out that he's been seduced by Constance. his wife self-immolate, staking her two kids with her in the flames. Constance and her family moved back in, this time with Larry. meanwhile, Ramona and the countess split, and Ramona falls in love with a man who calls himself the prophet Moses. she turns him and they build a crew together, until the countess wipes out all of them but Ramona. Ramona's all but as we already know, the countess doesn't do brakes. back at the murder house, Larry smothers beau with a pillow. at Constance his behest, prompting Kate to light him on fire. Ted then goes on a rage induced shooting spree at his school, killing 15 students, before a SWAT chase him back to murder house and shoot him down there. Hotel history continued 1994 to 2012. by now it's 1994, and two junkies, Sally and Donovan, check into hotel Cortez to shoot up. Donovan's mother, iris follows them, and in a fit of rage, murder Sally for turning her son into a junkie, trapping Sally spirit in the hotel, Donovan is saved from the brink of overdose by the countess, who turns him into a vampire. and her main love interest, iris, comes on as the hotel manager. because apparently murdering people gets you some pretty good street cred with vampires and serial killer ghosts. who would have thought? in 1997, Elias Cunningham films the history of the Roanoke House. then not much happens in the American Horror Story universe until 2010, when a gay couple named Chadwick and Patrick move into the murder house in order to flip it. but they're murdered by the rubber man before they can do so. then a family, Ben Vivian and their daughter violent, move into the how's violet then becomes romantic with Tate's ghost. meanwhile, across town, detective John Lowe comes to the hotel Cortez for the first time, and he meets with the ghost of James Marsh, who convinces him to continue the 10 commandments killings. time gets all wonky for stuff with John Lowe because he's all messed up. but basically, over the next four years, John both personally sees out these Ten Commandment copycat killings and is the lead investigator in the cases, until nearly the end of the hotel season, where he comes to and realizes what he's done and who he is. back a murder house, violet commits suicide with pills in order to be with Tate and the rubber man. and Ben simultaneously impregnate Vivien. in 2012, she gives birth to two children. one, ben's child is stillborn. the other, the son of the rubber man, aka Tate, is alive and healthy. Vivien dies from complications during childbirth, and Constance takes the healthy baby, Michael, to raise us her own. and, yeah, you guessed it, he grows up to become that Michael Langdon, the Antichrist and apocalypse, who proves to be such a thorn in all the witches sides. speaking of witches, coven, history continued 2013 to 2015. in 2013, Cordelia finds and recruits new witches to teach at miss robichaux's Academy. the new recruits are Queenie Mann, Madison, misty and Zoe, each of whom had been chosen for displaying different strange powers. they're not only being taught the ways of magic, but also being groomed to take on the role of supreme when Fiona passes, which doesn't sit well with Fiona. remember how she got the position of supreme in the first place. to help prevent this, fiona digs up madam will lori and forces her to keep an eye on madison, specifically, seemingly the most powerful of the five. Laveau is not having that, however, and a war breaks out between the coven and the voodoo practitioners. there's a very strange hook up between Queenie and the mentor, and she gets gravely injured. fiona cuts off the bull's head and sends it to marie in the warning. marie obviously is far from pleased, considering that the Minotaur was her former beau bastion. she throws acid in Cornelius face, burning out her eyes and rendering her blind, but gifting her with the sight which allows her to see visions, specifically visions of Fiona killing Madison. Myrtle is framed for this attack and burned at the stake. fiona eventually kills madison herself, fearing that she's about to become supreme, but misty resurrects her and Myrtle, when she joins the coven, when myrtle comes back to life, she murders the two members of the witches council that sentenced her to death and restores cornelisz eyesight by gifting her one eye from each of them. how thoughtful, but it only winds up getting her put back on the stake where she burns for real. this time one of the most iconic scenes of the series. the five new recruits perform the seven wonders, leaving only Queenie alive. by the end of the trials, Cornelia becomes the new supreme, something which Fiona tries in vain to stop by summoning Papa Legba and offering up her soul. he claps back at her that she has no soul to give, though she dies in Cordelia's arms. after Cordelia ascends to supreme, she goes public with the fact that witches exist. and the warlocks move underground to Hawthorne fearing discrimination. cult history. 2015 to 2018. meanwhile, Shelby and Matt Miller move into the Roanoke House and barely make it out alive. their experiences inspire a reality TV show called my Roanoke nightmare. multiple film crews die shooting the series, which airs in 2015 to much acclaim in Michigan, a young Kai and winter visit the judgment house where pastor Charles is torturing his inhabitants. Kai kills the pastor in act which later earned some points with ivy. one of the cults new recruits, fashion designer will Drake buys the hotel Cortez and marries the countess. and Ramona kills Queenie, draining her blood and thus trapping her in the hotel. years later, Cordelia will try to rescue Queenie at the hotel, but it won't work. only Michael can free her, which earns him enough trust with the coven that they're willing to let him perform the seven wonders to see if he truly is the Alpha. back in 2015, John Lowe kills the countess, completing James marches Ten Commandments. Michael Langdon is growing up in Constance as care showing all the signs of your average budding serial killer, getting small animals, killing his nanny, you know, kid stuff. but then he ages a decade overnight, and almost strangles Constance before he stops himself. feeling like a failed mother, Constance commits suicide. then we have 2016, the year that Donald Trump runs for office and eventually becomes president, which is the actual scariest thing that happens in this series. it's a good thing that this is escapist drama and would never happen in the real world. alway, cult focuses on this election, filtered through the experiences of a budding cult leader, Kai and his devotees, who are based out of Brookfield Heights, Michigan at the beginning of the season. Ally and Ivy are a lesbian couple with a son who feel threatened by their conservative neighbors, the Wilton's chi-square. sister winter seduces ivy and convinces ivy to join the cult by helping her get revenge on Geary, a trump supporter who groped her at a Hillary rally. they chained him to a pole the day before the election, and KY convinces him to sawed off his own arm in order to go vote. Donald Trump wins the election, and ties cult murder several people while wearing costumes designed to look like twists. the clown from freakshow alley joins Kai's cult in 2017 as a secret informant for the FBI. soon after, Kai learns that there's a mole in the cult, and kills winter, believing she's the weak link. the mole actually turns out to be a local militia man named Speedwagon. Ali kills him. eventually, Kai's thrown in jail, and Ali runs for Senate. although Kai breaks out of jail in 2018 to make an attempt on Ali's life. he fails, gunned down by the always loyal Beverly hope. apocalypse history, 2018 to 2024. while all of this is going down, young Michael Langdon is being raised by me to Satanist who will later be made into an Android. he kills a butcher, butcher, not the butcher, and gets locked up. but the Warlock spring him from the prison, suspecting he is the Alpha, the strongest male witch, he goes and rescues Madison and Queenie, aces and seven wonders, and voila, he is crowned the alpha. they quickly learned that he is the Antichrist, though. so back in Roanoke, the lone survivor of return to Roanoke kills herself, and the Roanoke house goes up in flames. the witches pinned their hopes on a student named Mallory who has the power of time travel. this creates another timeline entirely, which we're gonna get to in a minute. so calm down. Michael learns that the witches have turned on him, and he breaks in to miss robichaux's with the help of Dinah Stevens, a witch turned traitor. he murders almost all of the witches, some of them, including Mallory, escaped to outpost 3. while the world outside burns and a nuclear apocalypse. once there, Michael storms the outpost, ready to kill the newly resurrected coven, but Mallory is able to perform Tempest infinitum. before he reaches her. she goes back in time to 2015 to interrupt Michaels young life at Murder House. she mows him down with her car, making sure that he's dead, and thus launching the alternate timeline where no one but Michael has died and the apocalypse is subverted. however, a new Antichrist is born in 2024. well, American Horror Story, 1984, addressed the new Antichrist. from the looks of things. we're headed back in time, not forward, though. with Ryan Murphy at the helm. who knows what might happen. thanks for watching our American Horror Story. timeline. are you gonna check out the new season? did we miss anything? tell us in the comments. once again, I've been Jacob with cinematic ax, and we'll see you next time. 