[Music]. the group of people you see is actually doing a drug run, not a game or a show. no one cared at first. there are even people who want to take a photo with this wonder but when the poisonous fog comes, they lost their lives. soon more and more people find that something is wrong and want to escape. but how can it run faster than the speed of air? this is not a natural disaster. it's a complete man-made disaster. a biologist was deceived. his research results were all awarded to others by the court. so blackened and decided to retaliate against society. the security saw him and didn't know what happened next. second start of gas tanker. the poisonous fog spreads around. run. poison is imminent. the person who was eating in the hotel in the distance was just about to leave, suddenly heard a deafening explosion. a gas tank that could explode at any time appeared in front of you. they ran out of the hotel in fright. but the chaotic scene before them surprised them. even more people are running. traffic jam. deyong realized something happened. persuade the family to go back to the building. and run up there. their thinking is not wrong. there are rescuers in the sky. but they are also completely blank at this moment. do not know what to do. more. unfortunately, the door on the roof of the hotel was locked. key on the first floor. it's impossible to get it. now, deyong thought for a while and decided to smash the glass. but windows and doors are specially made bulletproof. throwing things over is like tickle. xiaomei glared her eyes watch him break the glass with all his strength. [Music]. she didn't expect he actually planned to climb to the top of the building from outside. the family who rushed down after hearing the news, didn't persuade him. he dashed and jumped out. [Music], but just grabbed the railing, then it fell down. everyone was surprised and happy he hasn't completely fallen yet. hurriedly pull the rope, but too much force is almost too kind to help. fortunately, xiaomei has experience command everyone. deion climbed to the opposite balcony. little by little, observing the path to climb xiaomei through a box of chalk. and snaps. he crushed chalk, apply to hands to increase friction, then jump back to the wall outside the hotel building from another angle. at this time, family members can only rely on mobile phone video. look at his current dangerous behavior. he climbed a little bit to the other side of the window. fortunately, the stonewall here makes it easy for him to climb. the wall. lamp he was trying to borrow from broke easily. can only change direction and continue walking. who knows the rope was not long enough. he temporarily hugged the buddha's feet and asked god for blessing. then remove the buckle, continue to climb without protection, climbing to the top of the building with a copper lion. open the door for everyone, but the plane can't see them at all. xiaomei immediately taught everyone to use a light source to signal. after a long time, the rescue plane arrived. deyong and xiaomei were left behind because they were overweight, waiting for the next batch of rescues. that do not know, when facing such a hopeless status quo. xiaomei finally couldn't stretch it, started to cry. watching the helicopter going away. again, they realize that they must save themselves go to a higher floor to be seen. they took a lot of things they would use from a hotel, put on a gas mask, wrap yourself in a plastic bag, running wildly on the road. but they chose the wrong place. the top floor here has also been shrouded in poisonous fog. and the gas mask is only enough to last another five minutes. there is only one replacement mask left in their hands. daeng hesitated for a second, then replace it yourself. tell xiaomei to wait for herself here. the poisonous fog spreads upwards more and more. xiaomi thought she was abandoned. climb up with bare hands, cursing. daeng is not a man who knows. at this time, deon came up from the other side of the stairs and brought her a new gas mask. they ran to a gym together. after using a fan to blow away the poisonous mist remaining on the body, decided to go to the opposite rooftop. xiaomi first climbed to the opposite side. daeng followed. how can i think of a barbecue restaurant downstairs? toxic mist is inhaled by the exhaust pipe, all released on the rooftop. daeng returned quickly, leaving xiaomi at a loss. not long after, throw a 50-kilogram dumbbell at her feet. daeng, who put on his mask again, quickly climbed over. at the same time, deon's father, worried about his son, ran to the edge of the city and tried to go back to save people. there happened to be two sent by the tv station. the drone operator prepares to take some footage. they give too much. i agreed to find daeng in the city and the two of deung. at this time finally waited for the helicopter, but they chose to take the chance of being rescued to a group of students. at this time, the gas station exploded twice. the poisonous mist surged even more severely. they don't have time to grieve. i can only continue to escape to a place where i can be rescued. at this time, the drone found them, but except for the rebroadcast, can't save them from fire and water. in the broadcast screen, there are two people running desperately forward. the white gas surging around them is the poisonous fog, untouchable. this recognition makes all people can't help but wipe them a cold sweat. everyone stopped what they were doing, anxious, as if i were the person in the video, deyong and xiaomei jump to the opposite floor. together climb to the top of the building with neon signs. but the building they are going to next, it's too far away from them. the drone records their dilemma. at this time, i wanted to find the way for them. who knows that the drone is out of power? the live broadcast was interrupted. the tight string broke. the two embraced and wept. deon cried out all the regrets of this life at this moment, xiaomi pushed him away and stood up. crowds spontaneously controlled drones rushing in. they all want to contribute to the two of them. deon came up with how to use a drone to hang a rope to the opposite building. the drone flies over and hangs up signal to the tube. 