[Music], Game of Thrones has returned with its eighth season, and the series promises an epic showdown between the citizens of Westeros and the knight Kings forces. though he's the big bad of the show, is actually very little that we know about the night king. and due to this, there are an abundance of theories floating around the internet about his true identity and power. to clear things up, I thought I'd put together a breakdown of everything that you need to know about the character, as well as some of the major theories surrounding him. there will be some spoilers here, so if you aren't fully up to speed with the show yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I hope you enjoyed the video. I'm your host, definition and welcome to the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. before becoming the evil leader of the White Walkers, the night King was actually a first man that was captured by a pack of the children of the forest. leaf who was amongst them, used dragonglass to press it against his chest, which turned him into the first white Walker. the ritual was originally carried out by the children of the forest because they wish to defend themselves against Westeros were slaughtering them in order to take their resources of trees. whilst the white Walker army initially helped to defend the children of the forest, they eventually turned on their masters, and this began what was known as the long night. in this the children ended up having to team up with the first men, and together they drove the walkers up north in the lands of always winter. they faded into folklore and obscurity, until they began to reappear in the events of the show. the reappearance of the night King comes in season 4, when bran sees him in a vision. whilst initially the character does not quite comprehend what's going on, he later realizes that this was a vision of the night king picking up crustless son. through this vision, bran learns that the night king can transform the living into white walkers upon touch. and this, of course, makes him infinitely more dangerous. the night King later appears in season 5 during the evacuation of hardhome. leading the attack, he watches as his forces Sleater town. in what is one of the show's best action set-pieces, the night king demonstrates his power, which is the ability to raid the dead and recruit them to his army. he can also share weapons upon touch, the sense wargs, which is how he's able to detect bran ride dragons, despite apparently having no related bloodline, which I'll get into later. and lived for thousands upon thousands of years. along with this, the knight King also possesses the ability to mark people so that he knows where they are at all times. he does this to bran, which is how he's able to track them to the cave and overrun it, which causes one of the best deaths in the show. rest in peace, horde, or you will be missed. anyway, the night king is - Creed as the biggest threat to life. and during the white hunt, Jon Snow and a band of warriors attempt to capture away in order to present it to the High Lords of Westeros as proof of the impeding threat. this puts them in a lot of danger, though, and eventually they get surrounded by the creatures, and Daenerys is forced to rescue them. whilst they get away, the night King manages to bring down one of their dragons and reanimate it, which allows him to attack the wall and bring it down. the storming Westeros with his forces. in season eight, the night King and his forces attack last hearth, Massacre the forces and pin Ned embed to the wall as a calling card. and that's everything we know so far about the character. so what exactly are his goals? well this depends purely on how much weight you put into the theory that bran is, in fact, the antagonist. if this is the case, and the night King is bran, and his gold could purely be to die and or stop himself travelling back in time before he's able to be captured by the leaf children. this is prophesized to happen when Brandon develops the green singing ability that will allow him to journey back. so the night Kings goals could purely be to stop this from happening by killing bran before the event. doing this would allow him to finally rest. as his immortality is given credence by the fact that the children of the forest killed him when he was out of his own time, so therefore he is not subject to its rulings. whilst many argue that bran is the three-eyed Raven, and therefore not the night king. there could actually be two versions of the character. that splits you to a paradox, and both need to stop the other so that they are either not created, killed. the other theory of the night Kings identity pulls from his calling card, which looks eerily similar to the Targaryen house crest. the symbol has appeared throughout the show at many important moments. and it could be that the night king is none other than Haris, the second Targaryen, the Mad King, brought back from the dead. this will explain his keen ability to ride dragons, and also why he wishes to seek revenge on Westeros so much. he was initially ousted and destroyed by the people of the land, and therefore this makes sense as to why he's on his quest. whilst the timelines may not match up, he could be the night King leading the forces, and there could be another secret leader of the whites that it's using him as a distraction, so all the forces for their effort into fighting him. whether this happens or not is a different thing altogether, but it's probably the theory that I side with the most. we, of course, we'll all find out in the next handful of episodes. but in the meantime, I'd love to hear your thoughts on why you think it shows going and what else you think could happen down the line. I'll be doing an update video on this topic once the season 8 finale is ahead, so make sure you keep an eye out for that. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the season a premiere, which will be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to Definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 