Liss. so the Netflix top-10 has become like the new box office boasting for streaming, at least on Netflix. like remember when big movie started incorporating fresh tomato scores into their trailers? well, for code a, showing up on that never ending Netflix catalog is huge, especially when you have a number next to your name which starts from Monday mmm at 8/7 central on the CW streets. really gonna kill that phrase by the next generation. like, imagine telling the on-demand kids about having to tune in in a certain hour or the show was gone. you know, it used to be you needed a friend with the camera, you needed this, you needed that. now everyone's got one. and then not only that, for independent film, you've got so many outlets, so many streaming networks, for places to go. it used to be such a studio system. now everybody can make their own. enough. it's a Canadian sci-fi from Canada about a future where super-powered humans get discriminated against, while crime lords realize that they can get really high off their spinal fluid. I really like the concept. it's a decent action flick that, again, is a junior price, available for a stream and it also stars to finally, super-powered cousins. what was it like starring in code eight with me, considering I'm playing the handsome and much, much younger leading man, did your old age make it difficult to remember all your lines? no, your performance did. let me explain. so, director Jeff Chen had previously done a couple of Co D shorts. obviously, most know Stephen from his action-packed work in WWE. [Applause]. but it was Robbie who came in with the super-powered vendetta, after getting meme for one of his first big roles in the Duff. but I'm the guy who hates seeing poor athleticism on camera, mm-hmm, because I didn't grow up an actor, and it just always really bugs me. and I was like, this is my nightmare, being the guy that I hate. honestly. I paint the football and in posts. well, now, like al-qaeda, they started their own crowdfunding campaign through IndieGoGo, aiming to raise $200,000 to turn their short film into a future and what did you know, it, you know, I accidently tripled it, or so. three hundred people paid money to fly to Toronto. somewhere from here. but a lot from around the world flew to Toronto, put themselves up and were extras in the movie. Steve it even did a voice in the original short that's up on YouTube. but made sure that he expanded it for the future, except for one thing. I remember an early draft of the scripts where my character didn't have superpowers, and you demanded, yes, I did. so, full spoilers. 4% of the population of superpowers, ranging from static shock abilities to one so strong they can power an entire franchise. and the world has to deal with undocumented super-powered people, cuz at any point someone could give birth to a jack Jack and black out the city. on top of that, crime syndicates, let's be honest, probably the government's are making a drug out of powered people spinal fluid called psych so it's definitely up there with the recent slow of gritty, realistic heroes stories. - the capes. [Music]. when we was when we told people like, what's code eight mean? and we were like, it's a criminal, it's a, it's a code four, you know, criminal incident involving someone with a superpower. a couple people were like, is that a real thing? no, but it's nice that you think so. and by the way, I've been told a code eight is when an officer needs to pee. I love how they went all out from the short basically making it a watchdogs lights. they're bringing in facial recognition drones, an entire infrastructure that profits off of human patterns. so, you know, pretty much everything there implementing right now. our main character is Connor, who has shockingly good powers for construction, but without a permit, he stuck Home Depot. yet his main goal is to raise money for his mom, who has cancer, which causes their powers to flare up. but the moms also worried because their dad got killed robbing a store to provide for them. and now Connors about to take an arrow to the knee working for the bad guys. he joins Garrett and his clan, who all have superpowers, yet ironically end up being the backbone to the drug dealer pushing psych that said, Garrett notices Connors a lot more powerful than he knows, and stares at him like a jealous cousin, before teaching him how to fight back. he who you are, and if you see something that you want, take it. however, he should have been teaching his crew, since they all get turned on. out of all the characters, I feel worse for Nia, who's just trying to chill the whole movie. Nia, Nia can laugh. she has the power to heal people, but because her father got into a lot of that, she's pretty much the boss's HP packs that he keeps around, you know, at gunpoint. so Connor, being the good guy in the story, tries to free her and tells her to heal his mom at gunpoint, it could kill me. then he remembers the CW contract and backs off. having having played arrow, was it feel like playing a bad guy? and I would go, what do you mean he they do deal in more shades of gray than a Christian. like, for example, one of the cops named Park keeps drifting in and out of doing his job, but we like him because, you know, I'm probably cause he's hon but we want him to help our good guy Connor, even though he technically should be booking our bad guy Connor. then we learned that even as a daughter with powers that he's protecting. and you get what's going on. Garrett may now have the scummy bosses position, but in his eyes, that sounds like a promotion pretty much. no matter what powers we receive as humans, his stories letting us know that it's never gonna fix how broken. it's crazy to think that this started as a short, got the full feature, and now they have a kwibi series returning them back to short form. they've talked about wanting to recreate a raid like action sequence going up a building, and this series is supposed to follow them years later as both of their characters meet up to take down some more crime. they even have a comic series in the work. really, it's their own arrowverse, but they're finally making the rules. ultimately, this is this idea rests with with Jeff and with Chris. there's no studio executive there because there was no studio. yeah. there's no network executive there because there was no network. honestly, I think is pretty cool. you know, these are friends and family who are getting together to make this movie. obviously, the bigger the property gets, they do worry how many more people are meddling with it. but I do think these guys in the Russos, well, obviously, having big franchises behind them, that that gave them their fan bases, at least they're doing stuff with it, you know. and in the case of Robbie, it's never having to become a meme again, because the movie was rushing things like how to throw a football. so I get to my mark, and right where I'm supposed to throw a football is a giant diffusion. so I'm like, where am I supposed to throw this football? and they're like, we'll just throw it to somebody standing beside the camera. I'm like, so I'm throwing the football to someone three feet in front of me, right? and this is just a PA who's standing beside the the camera. and I don't want a rifle of football at somebody a few feet from me with my engine equipment all around. well, I just said, I'm making this stupid dim like, dinky, don't pass throwing motion. I fought the director on it. you fought it? you fought the director? yeah. I was like, just make some space for me. they're like, we don't have time for this, which is true. it's a five week shoot. it's my first lead role in a movie. I don't have any real power. hmm. when that went viral, the director texted me and he's like, I'm so sorry. what happened. and he was like, I can go on Twitter. I'm like, don't. it's fine. I might just, hopefully, little died one day. and then it went way more viral. and I had friends hitting me up and they're like, what's wrong with you? I'm like, shut up. this is not my fault. but after half a decade and a CW role later, after life with Derrick and a series of unfortunate events, Robbie finally had the chance to his fault. that was also like three feet. thank you guys for watching this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. it's available on Netflix for, I don't know how long, but I that was one thing that really stood out to me, is that this isn't a Netflix original, meaning that Netflix movies have something that I don't think Disney or Apple or even HBO could do. and that's except other movies from Disney app for HBO. I mean, at a certain point, they're not gonna let them do it. but for these independent movies, it's cool that they can be on Netflix for a little bit, make it to the top ten, and it's still their own stuff. I'm curious to see what they do more with it. they're keeping the same group, which I like to hear. I know the VFX team, I believe, did in the tall grass. so you know, they they got a future with them, because I really like the work they did here. other than that, I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section, dealing with this movie, or any of the other ones. thank you for commenting, liking and subscribing. and don't forget, if you don't like the movie, Steve will refund you. yep. 