hey guys. john here from fast films, and today we're covering a 2006 american action movie called snakes on a plane. the film starts off in the magnificent coastal city of hawaii, where a guy rides his dirt bike across a track very skillfully. he rides through the forest and arrives at a place where he witnesses his wounded father hanging upside down. his father advises the boy to leave at once. he hides away in the bushes and watches in horror as a guy named eddie kim arrives wearing a white suit and uses a baseball bat to dismember his father, who's a prosecutor. the terror engulfs him and he escapes on his bike. later, he sits in his house under extreme trauma, he watches the news where the death of his father is broadcasted, when suddenly, some breaks in his door locks. upon looking through the door eye, the boy notices eddie's men waiting to kill him outside. in order to save himself, he runs to the back where another man forces him behind the wall and proceeds to kill the perpetrators. afterwards, both of them escape the house, and the new guy introduces himself as special agent flynn from the fbi. the boy introduces himself as sean. flynn asks him why didn't he go to the police if he witnessed eddie committing a murder? upon which sean simply states that he isn't sure if the cops are crooked or not. the agent admires his intelligence and takes him in for questioning and provides him the clear-cut picture of what will happen if he doesn't cooperate. sean still doesn't say anything, but flynn manages to convince him to testify against eddie kim in la. the scenario then shifts to honolulu international airport, where the camera pans through two air hostesses making their way towards the flight. meanwhile, three famous rap artists get surrounded by fans. the 3gs spread autographs and walk towards the boarding terminal. in the interim, the hostesses make it to the airplane. another surprise one named claire. upon her transfer, they all celebrate, while we see another passenger, lady with a chihuahua, greeting a couple sitting across from her. on the other hand, claire gets the message from the captain that the fbi is escorting someone to la. and they forcibly booked all of the first class seats, and she has to be the one to break the news to them. during all the boarding, the camera pans to two workers. one of them states the flight number to someone on call, while another guy sprays the lay's flowers with pheromones. in the meantime, flynn walks up the first class with sean, while claire has to deal with frustrated passengers of first class who now have to travel in the coach. as sean settles in the luxurious comfort, flynn walks up to talk to his friend, agent harris, about eddie kim. harris assures him that eddie isn't going anywhere. meanwhile, the situation turns to the coach below, where a corporate guy gets annoyed by the chihuahua and the woman who sits beside him with her baby. the rude man gets up in exasperation and leaves. just then the three g's also enter the coach and start commenting on a fat woman. meanwhile, the girl with the dog admirably stares at the wrapper down below. two young boys also get prepared to travel solo. after everyone gets settled in, the hosts and hostesses stand in the aisles while the pilot gives the initial briefing. in shawn's cabin, a pretty hostess walks in with her front buttons undone. and shawn enjoys every single bit of the show. after the plane flies into the air, everyone gets on with their usual business. and the hostess comes to shawn in order to introduce herself as tiffany. shawn tells her about his testimony, upon which the girl gets marveled. the camera then pans to the cargo area, where we witness hundreds of snakes being held with a timer of two hours ticking its way to carnage. up in the coach, everyone goes on with their usual routines. another asian passenger gets seated who's in for kickboxing. meanwhile, flynn also makes his way downstairs and proceeds to talk to claire, who gets a little annoyed with him for commandeering the plane on such a short notice. flynn takes it lightly and moves away. on the other hand, the rapper calls the chihuahua girl named mercedes to sit next to him and talks to her. mercedes gets all flirty and lets her dog, marry kate, run all over the rapper, who gets extremely uncomfortable with that. down at the cargo hold, the timer strikes zero, and with a blast, the whole container erupts, and the snakes start to spread around the space. the events take a turn as the horny couple goes to the lavatory and disables the smoke alarm from the ceiling. they smoke a blunt and proceed to make out passionately, but the snakes slither down the opening in the ceiling and attack them brutally. they both start shrieking and pounding against the lavatory's door, while the steward and air hostess observe the moans in enjoyment. little do they know, the snakes have turned vicious. they bite away at the circuit systems of the airplane, causing them to lose the avionics. meanwhile, the serpents slither their way into the coach and gradually spread everywhere. a girl dodges one with just a few inches. on the other hand, a guy goes into the lavatory to pee, but gets ravaged by a serpent who bites into his manhood. the guy screams and jumps in hysteria, inflicting himself with a fatal injury. meanwhile, a snake also crawls his way up to the drunk woman, who starts to enjoy the feel of it. unfortunately, another inconvenience looms over them as the plane enters the turbulent zone under extreme weather, it starts to shake and everyone gets alert. in the meantime, one of the pilots goes down to reset the breakers for the avionics circuit, but gets struck by the vicious snake. the poison dives into his body, and the poor man expires. rick and claire notice his immobility, and rick brings him up, while claire runs to the first class to bring agent flynn and agent sanders. as they analyze the whole distressing situation. rick begins to fly the plane alone, while claire runs back to the coach to administer the people. she consoles the little boys and assigns them a game for distraction. during this the turbulence exceeds normality and the luggage starts to fall down. the passengers get worried. meanwhile, rick faces another dreadful situation as snakes start to slide their way in the consoles. he hits them with the notebook and accidentally deploys the oxygen masks in the coach, which brings down all the hell on the passengers. as the upper compartments open, the snakes also drop along with the oxygen masks. all hell breaks loose as the serpents start attacking everyone, and the situation aggravates into a disrupted commotion. people start screaming as the snakes invade the whole place. the drunk lady gets bitten in the eye, while others run for their lives. the sneaks wreak havoc on the whole cabin, and even agent sanders becomes the victim of their venomous bites. flynn uses his electric taser to clear the way, but people start dying. claire and others manage to move them forward and try their best to cope with the situation, but the snakes become relentless. in the meantime, a massive cobra appears in front of the two boys and bites tommy's arm, while another guy gets killed in the stampede. the rapper named clarence also runs to the lavatory to hide himself, but the dead carcasses of the couple drop on him. the aggravation escalates and everyone runs for their lives. after securing most of them, flynn orders them to use the bags to build a wall against the snakes in the coach. everyone starts piling up the bags, but the camera then shows us mercedes stuck in the coach with a snake advancing towards her in a threatening way. but luckily, the kickboxer comes in just in time to save her. mercedes hops on his back and they both run away. on the other hand, flynn and claire find the boys, while tommy's arm can be seen severely injured. just then, another elderly hostess named grace hears a kid's babble in the coach. she breaks the protective wall and runs inside to find the baby sitting inches away from the snake. she picks him up in one scoop, but gets bitten in the back. nevertheless, she runs back, returns the baby to his mother and staggers to safety. the situation intensifies as agent sanders eventually expires, and flynn calls agent harris to inform him about the whole incident and how eddie kim has managed to fill the whole plane with poisonous snakes in order to kill every single person on board. harris acknowledges the gravity of the situation and orders everyone in his office to locate a snake expert for him. back in the plane, sean offers his help, but flynn admonishes him and orders him to stay put downstairs. one member of the three g's who's bitten in the butt, gets taken to suck the venom out, but he refuses to let it happen. just then we witness the deteriorating situation of tommy's arm. the mother present on the spot uses her skills to suck the venom out. meanwhile, the rappers enjoy the show despite the grave conditions. in the meantime, agent harris manages to meet dr price, who's a snake expert. they take him in the car, and harris calls flynn to talk to the doctor. dr price indicates that there must be something in the plane that is triggering the snakes. it might even be pheromone causing hyper aggression. as flynn talks to the doctor, the passengers lose their cool and force their way up to the first class to confront flynn sean gets up and clarifies everything. upon that, flynn gets ahead to lead them and orders them to grab all the dead snakes so they can be identified for the anti-venom. meanwhile, in the cockpit, rick gets bitten as well and drops down the hangar. on the other hand, mercedes offers her phone to email all the pictures to dr price, so that he can identify the snakes and get the anti-venom. unfortunately, the plane gets unstable as there's no pilot. now, flynn orders everyone to buckle up and runs to the cockpit where claire is fighting with a massive snake. she manages to kill him, and both of them manage the controls to lift the plane back up. but the effort goes futile. back at the coach, the killings rise in raid as snakes invade the place. again, sean offers everyone to run upstairs to first class. and everyone forces their way on the stairs. just then a gigantic anaconda drops from the ceiling, and the monstrous serpent slithers his way towards them. unfortunately, the stairs can't bear the weight, and the bars break. everyone falls down, and the corporate guy gets engulfed by the anaconda. everyone else runs to the first class and tries to block the stairs. meanwhile, flynn contacts the control tower, who urges them to pull up at once. and just before hitting the ocean's surface, flynn and claire successfully managed to pull it up and save it from the crash. in the meantime, rick also appears from the cabin, but the ac gets turned off, along with other hvac systems. on the other hand, dr price identifies all the snakes as exotic and illegal and tough to find in the u.s. therefore the anti-venom will even be tougher to locate. back on the plane, clarence loses his cool and starts pushing everyone in anger. but his buddies manage to calm him down, and he sits back in his place. just then the tragedy hits the aircrew as grace dies due to the venom. claire mourns heavily on the loss, but flynn consoles her and proceeds to turn on the ac from the cargo area. claire offers him a diy flamethrower, and he proceeds downstairs through an entangled mess of wires and reaches the hvac board. after fighting off the snakes, after struggling heavily, he manages to put the ac back on, and everyone upstairs gets a huge sigh of relief. the scene now shifts to a desert area where the fbi raid a guy's compound for holding illegal snakes and other charges. the guy runs for his safety, but harris catches up to him, and he gets bitten by his own snake. harris forces the guy to hand him the list of snakes he sold to eddie kim, along with the anti-venom for all these exotic snakes. back at the plane, flynn comes back up like a hero, and everyone shows him gratitude for providing them with air to breathe. moreover, he gets the good news from harris about the anti-venom, but unfortunately, they find rick dead in his cabin. now, as they have to land, only one of the gamer guys from 3gs, named troy knows how to fly an airplane. flynn gets extremely frustrated with the snakes and states to get rid of them once and for all. in order to carry out their plan, everyone holds fast to the seats while flynn shoots at the window to break it. the extreme air pressure causes everything to fly out along with the snakes. during the extreme turbulence, tiffany almost flies out in the air, but shawn saves her just in time. on the other hand, troy and flynn struggle their way in the cockpit and get seated. troy gets overly excited and calls the control tower, where the officials get annoyed by his inexperienced and unprofessional behavior. nevertheless, flynn forces that he's the only one who knows the controls. therefore, troy gets confident in himself and orders them to clear all the runways. in the meantime, he briefs all the passengers to brace for the landing. and he maneuvers the plane towards the runway and successfully plants it on the ground, but doesn't slow it down. flynn gets hysterical, but troy finally swerves it to a side and brings it to a halt. after a moment of silence and realization, they start cheering. in everyone's size and relief, as now they are safe and sound on the ground at the airport. the rescue services arrive, the police arrive, and everyone surrounds the plane. they land an air slide and escort all the passengers out. in the meantime, harris and dr price also arrive with the vaccine and administer the wounded, including tommy. meanwhile, flynn thanks shawn for his assistance and help in the plane, but sean gets attacked by a vicious snake in the chest. as he shrieks in terror, flynn shoots the boy in the chest and he falls down the slide. tiffany and claire stand aghast, and they run up to him to find him totally safe due to the bulletproof jacket. as everyone is now safe. the final moments of the move arrive, where we witness flynn asking claire out for a date, while shawn receiving a passionate kiss and phone number for tiffany. shawn and flynn become friends. in the camera pants to the time in the future where they both go surfboarding in bali. and with that, the movie concludes. thanks for watching, guys, 