welcome back to movies explained. today we are looking at the 2015 movie called howl. a man named joe, who is a trained guard, is checking on the passengers. he completes his shift, goes into the locker room and takes out a letter. the letter informs him that he has not been selected for the promotion to be a supervisor. he stares at a disappointed and finally tosses it away. david comes to inform him that he has to do a night shift because ken called in sick. he asks joe to be more like a man and give people penalties. he flaunts his supervisor badge and leaves. joe goes to the train, welcomes the passengers and starts checking the tickets. he asks kate to show him the ticket, but she can't seem to find it, so he charges her the full fare. kate yells at joe and tells him that she rides the train every day and this is no way to treat her. joe gets 39 pounds from her and tells her about the rules and that he can't do anything about it. he keeps checking the other passengers tickets. when he sees a lady serving food to the people. he looks happy to see her. joe talks to ellen about his double shift. when ellen tells him that she's sorry he didn't get a promotion, she further tells him that david told everyone about it. joe replies, i am not surprised. something better will come up, i am sure. joe asks ellen for a drink after their shifts, but she excuses and dismisses his idea. she wishes him good luck for the supervisor thing and carries on with her work. joe sits down beside a window and looks out. suddenly, there's a loud noise in the train stops with a bang. joe gets up from his seat and goes to check out the situation. he walks to the door to check on the passengers. when the driver announces that they will resume shortly and apologizes for the bump. adrian helps ellen get a trolley together. joe tries to help her, but she sends him away to see how the passengers are doing. the driver, tony, goes outside in the rain to see what the cause of the bump was. he takes out his torch and starts walking to spot the problem. joe tries to calm the people, but ends up getting yelled and shouted at. the passengers become angry at the interruption when he tells them that the driver is looking for the cause of the bump, so they should wait. he talks to the driver to ask about the situation, but gets no answer. so he sits there waiting to get a response. driver spots a dead deer stuck under the train. he tries to remove it, but is distracted by the rustling of the leaves. a wolf-like creature attacks him, and his blood splatters all over the window behind kate, but no one notices it. joe goes to check on tony again, this time accompanied by ellen. he calls out to him, but ends up getting no response. again. joe asks ellen to keep the passengers calm and maybe give them some food. ellen handles the situation, while joe takes his torch and tries to look outside in the rain. he doesn't spot the driver, so he closes the door. he tries to reach out for help. he tells the in charge on the phone that a dead deer broke their train in thornton forest, and the driver is missing. he asks for some advice, but ends up getting none due to the lousy weather and bad signal. joe informs the passengers about the delay and says it may take up to four hours to fix it. passengers start arguing with joe, but he has no answer to any of their queries. adrian calms everyone and says, we have two options. we can sit here and complain about it, or we can actually do something about it. many passengers agree with adrian to get out on their own and walk to the station. joe tries to stop them because of the rules and safety protocols, but the passengers insist on going. adrian asks for the keys to the door from joe, but joe refuses. after multiple tries, joe agrees to take the people to the station on the condition that they all stick together. joe opens the door and carries the torch to guide the passage. the passengers step out of the train and start walking towards the station. billy and nina are talking while everyone moves behind joe. they stop when they hear a sound coming from behind the bushes. they ignore it first, but then matt says the sound is getting closer. people start guessing what the thing could be. behind the bushes joe asks them to stay put while he goes to get a closer look at what's going around. joe looks around with the torch in his hand. he spots tony's body with his organs eviscerated. he runs and asks everyone to start moving towards the train. a howling and growling sound can be heard in the background. passengers panic, and they start rushing towards the train. the wolf-like creature follows the people. the passengers reach the train, and joe helps them get inside one by one. everyone gets inside, but an old lady named jenny gets her leg bitten by the creature. her leg gets badly wounded and starts bleeding a lot. kate and ellen tie a piece of cloth around jenny's leg to stop the bleeding. everyone is scared and panicking. ellen gets a first aid kit, while joe puts pressure on the wound. the wolf-like creature attacks the train from outside, trying to get in. nina starts crying and shouting. when joe tells kate to keep her quiet, everyone remains silent for some time, until the creature leaves the area. jed asks the others to get his wife to a hospital due to her deteriorating condition. joe tries to call the authorities, but ends up finding no signal to contact them. billy comes to joe and tells him that they need to get the engine started. he further reveals that he knows some engineering work as his old man owns a repair business, so he can help to repair the fuel leak. joe asks the passengers to sit tight and wait for help. nina tells him that it was like a wolf. jenny agrees with nina and says, it was not an animal. it was like a man. you don't understand it. passengers don't take what jenny's saying seriously, thinking that she's in shock. they all are talking when they hear a sound coming from inside the train. joe takes a torch and billy and adrian follow him. they trace the sound to the bathroom and find a passenger named paul inside the toilet. they are relieved to know it was just a passenger and not the deadly creature. joe takes paul to join the rest of the passengers. kate describes the whole story of what's going on, but paul fails to comprehend the situation ellen informs kate of jenny's fever and her worsening condition. nina gets worried about jenny and asks what is wrong with her. kate tries to calm her down by talking about her life. kate tells nina about her 13-year-old daughter, and nina tells her about her mom. the wolf-like creature attacks the train again from the outside. the lights start turning on and off. the beast breaks the window and drags nina out of it. kate tries to pull her in, but lets her go. the blood spreads all over the glass window. the passengers move towards the other compartment. kate starts crying, and matt tells her it's too late for her now, joe asks everyone to shut up and remain quiet. the passengers are screaming and yelling, when judd shouts and makes everyone silent. he says, animals hunt what's easy to catch, and we are sitting ducks. let's try and make it harder for that bastard. joe shows everyone the tools present on the train. they close all the entrances and hammer the seats down to secure the windows. after getting the compartment secure, everyone sits down scared. jed gives jenny some water. kate tells jenny about her daughter, and jenny replies to her, we wanted to have children, but we have each other, and that's important. adrian comes to joe and tells him about his life. he shows him the different keys. one of them belonged to the house where his wife and kids live, while the other one was for entertaining young ladies. adrian says, we have to do whatever it takes to get by, even if it's not nice. we cannot get out of here with this old lot, survival of the fittest. he leaves joe to think about deceiving everyone and getting out of the train alive. jenny starts vomiting blood. joe spots paul missing, and he goes to check in on him in the bathroom. joe tries to open the bathroom door, but it gets stuck. the creature attacks again, and this time gets inside and attacks paul. joe sees the wolf-like creature eating pole. joe is scared to death, but remains quiet. he tries to open the door to get back in the secured compartment, but fails. finally, the passengers manage to get joe in the compartment and close the entrance. the creature hits on the opening over and over until he succeeds in getting in. adrian tries to break the window, but fails. [Music]. everyone decides to attack the beast with all the tools they have got. they strike it down and beat it until it's not conscious anymore. everyone ends up being soaked in blood, crying. joe looks at the creature closely and figures out the animal is more like a wolf and less like a man. matt takes a closer look and says it is a hybrid between a man and a wolf. kate spots a ring on his finger, and joe says, it used to be like us. they put a cloth over the body of the creature, when jed starts telling them a story. jed tells them an incident from 1963 that took place in the same area of thornton forest. he says, late night, an express came off the track somewhere near here. when emergency services got to them, there was no one left to save. all sorts of tales were told about what they found, bodies half eaten by animals, some just gone. no one ever found out what happened. billy tells the people that they killed the creature, so they are safe. now, while they are talking, the animal wakes up and howls. other creatures listen to his signal, while he is hit again and again by joe. adrian points out that jenny is turning into one of them and they need to get rid of her. but jed asks him to stay away and that she is just sick. adrian tries to attack jenny, but joe stops him and ties him up. along with jenny. he takes billy to the driver's room with ellen. billy decides to go and fix the leak so they can get the train started. he explains to joe what to do when he patches the leak. after he is done explaining, he reminds them to pick him up on their way. billy and matt step out, while joe speaks to the passengers and says, i apologize for the delay. few hours ago, we were just strangers, and most of you probably wish that we still were. but now we are gonna try and get out of here. we're going to do whatever it takes to survive. billy slides down the engine and looks for the leak, while matt points a torch to give him light. kate is keeping an eye on adrian. she reminds him of the time when she came to his office looking for a job, but instead of looking at her talent, he just wanted to sleep with her. adrian tries to trigger her and says things about her type of girls who are looking for their spark to work. ellen tells joe that he has helped the people out a lot tonight. matt hands over a wrench and tape to billy. when he hears a girl calling out for help, he leaves billy alone and follows the voice. after walking through the woods for a while, matt finds nina being eaten alive by the animal. he tries to run, but is surrounded by a pack of creatures and is attacked and killed. billy hears his screaming. he fixes the leak, and joe starts turning the engine on. the creatures come to the train. while billy sticks himself to the engine to avoid getting caught. jenny turns into a wolf and breaks free. she attacks and kills her husband before she could attack others. kate breaks adrian free to help her stop jenny. the train starts moving, and joe and ellen are happy when the creature breaks the window and gets hold of kate. adrian kicks kate out to prevent the wolves from entering. after the train has gone some distance, the fuel leakage starts again. the train begins to slow down, and the remaining passengers panic. adrian is almost killed by jenny when joe comes and stabs and kills her. a lot of the creatures then enter the train, and they surround the passengers from each side. adrian manages to escape by leaving joe and ellen as bait. joe tries to fight the creatures off. when billy comes in with a torch. he scares the creatures for a bit, but then gets attacked. ellen and joe manage to escape the train. they run, following the track in their way. after running some distance, they realize it's too late for them to escape. when the creatures surround both of them. joe kisses ellen and tells her to run towards the station, while he stays there to stop the creatures for as long as he can. ellen runs away, while one of the creatures bites joe. in the morning, ellen manages to reach the station. adrian runs around the forest, finding a way back, when the newly turned joe appears with the pack and attacks him. [Music], 