welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka the man of spoils. and this video we're breaking down the original script a Batman V Superman. loved it. I hate it. the film has become a huge talking point in the comic-book community since its release. the Snyder cut version of Justice League still trends on Twitter regularly, and it's hard to deny its following, even if you don't like the movie. but how did it all begin? well, throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down the original Batman V Superman script to talk about what we could have got. there will be some spoilers here in regards to the actual BBS release, so if you don't want anything ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and with that, all the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into our breakdown of the original Batman V Superman script. ok, so Batman V Superman was a film that I can remember being talked about when I was still in primary school. it seemed to be constantly in the planning stages. at Warner Brothers, but it never really went beyond that. and at times it seemed like we would never see the world's finest facing off against each other. there were teases, glimmers of hope, and even a poster, an I am Legend that helped to feel the fires of interest surrounding the project. but it seemed like an agonizing wait before we finally got it. now in order to discuss the script, we have to go all the way back to 2000, when the new direction of the DC EU was first put into production. McGhee was originally tended to direct the first BBS movie with writers at Warner Brothers. and he worked on a script that tied into Superman lives. that movie is a story for another video. but I'm sure, as you know, that film ended up dying in development hell after it was scrapped. JJ Abrams was hired to write a new screenplay that would ignore Superman lives, and it would reboot Superman in a film called Superman fly by the movie even got greenlit, but McGee stepped down from the director position to instead go off and make Charlie's Angels full throttle. great. great choice there. Wolfgang Petersen was brought in to direct the Superman Abrams script. however, this was brushed to the side after Andrew Kevin Walker pitch his idea for BBS. Warner Brothers loved it, and the Abrams script was put on hold while sac IVA Goldsman was brought in to rewrite Walker's draft. this script went under the codename Asylum. it's online if you want to read it in full, but you're here, so I'm guessing you don't. it's a bit of a crazy story, and it's kind of all over the place, but it's a fun read. if you want to see the direction that we could have got. I would say it's definitely more hopeful than watching Superman gets stabbed through the chest by doomsday. but it is very weird tonally. it's sort of wreck on the Batman direction at the time, and ignored the goofiness and camp tone of Batman and Robin in favor of a sort of soft reboot that can still be considered canon in some ways. if you want to draw the connections, the closest thing I can think to compare it to is Superman Returns, which took elements of the Christopher Reeves franchise, whilst ignoring the bits that they didn't want, like that that robot lady that still gives me nightmares. ooh. the final date for this script comes from June 21st, 2002. that's the most up-to-date copy I can find. it begins in a time set roughly between five and ten years of both Batman and Superman crime-fighting career, the best friends. and clock is even Bruce's best man at his wedding, which we'll discuss in just a bit. after Bruce found the love of his life, he decided to quit a life of being the Dark Knight, and he's truly settled down. there's no mention of Wonder Woman or Aquaman, and at no point is that Justice League name dropped, even at the end. so we can take from this that at the point of this movie there were very few plans to make a fully shared universe. there are, however, some notable aspects of the work that do give nods to the larger world. Barbara Gordon is now the commissioner, and the Lois Lane plays a big part. in some ways, it's because she actually divorced Clark, and this made him slightly depressed. Robin and Alfred are dead. and Bruce was at his lowest point before he met the love of his life. he does still have an AI version of Alfred though, that operates sort of similar to Jarvis, and gives him someone to sound off against whilst he's sitting around brooding. it's also important to bear in mind that at the time of the script writing process, 9/11 had just happened, and the world changing event looms heavily over the work. the film actually opens with a terrorist attack on freedom monument, and Clark, who is at the Daily Planet, rushes to the scene. there is an amazing changing moment that happens down an elevator shaft to kickstart the film. and the script really captures the Donna feeling of the character. Superman actually manages to capture one of the terrorists and even manages to save their life after a mob almost beat them to death. so how come Batman hate this guy? he doesn't even kill a terrorist? well, it's actually revealed that this terrorist is really the Joker. this plays a big part later in the script, and it becomes the reason that Batman ends up hating the Man of Steel. he should have just attached a Gaga to his leg and made him punished to his death often impractically large Church. in the film, we actually see a headstone that has the name Jack Napier on it, and it's clear that this is definitely the Joker, though his appearance is slightly different. it turns out in the film that Lex Luthor figured out that Bruce Wayne was Batman, and he decided to ruin his life in a number of ways, starting with the terrorist attack. we'll get into all that in just a bit. but the wedding is held, Clark is the best man, and Bruce his finally found happiness. however, on the honeymoon night, the new mrs. Wayne is shot in the neck with a Joker toxin dot, and she dies from it. Bruce blames Clark for letting the Clown Prince of Crime live, and he states that he's going to finally end him once and for all, probably by dropping him off an even bigger church or something. anyway, even AI Fred does the know, it looks better if you write it down. even Alfred doesn't want him to do it, and Superman won't let him go through with it, which causes a big conflict between the two. it initially seems that Superman doesn't want him to kill the Joker because he cares about the Joker's life. but it's revealed that this actually isn't the case. at the heart of it, Superman really cares about Batman, and he knows that if he does kill the Joker, that there's no coming back from it, and that it may finally send him off the deep end. this, of course, juxtaposes the Snyder version of the character, in which he was quite happy with killing people should the occasion call for it. or should he be dragging a car behind him that he needs to get rid of? I'm just kidding. I love your Snyder. now, personally, I feel like this motivation is probably than the one that we got. and though I do love BBS, I always have a problem with the reason for the fight being sending around clogged, not telling Bruce what's really going on. I did see people say that Bruce was unable to hear Clark trying to reason with him because of the thickness of his helmet. and in my mind, that was canon for a long time. however, you do hear bruce reply with i understand, at one point. so clearly he did have at least some way to hear what he was saying. and he way. bruce sort of goes back and forth with Supes throughout the movie, constantly trying to kill the Joker, whilst the Man of Steel gets in his way, trying to stop him. Joker actually beats Batman at one point when he goes after him, and this sends him into an even angrier, rage filled meltdown. Bruce knows how far he needs to go to stop Joker, and he goes and steal some kryptonite, just in case Superman tries to stop him. he and Superman again, and Bruce tells them that he is 100% going to drop the Joker off the biggest church he can find, and that if Supes gets in his way, that he's going down to Superman tells him not to do it, and says that he's going to stop him if he does. and from this point onwards, it's on. now this is where the big Lex twist comes into play, and it's revealed that, in order to ruin Bruce's life, Lex clone the Joker, and he also created Bruce's wife. yes, there's a, there's a lot of cloning going on. Lex's plan was to kill Superman through Bruce Wayne, by making him fall in love with a woman that the Joker would then kill. he knew that Bruce would want to get revenge and that Superman would stop him. and through this, the two would fight, with Batman becoming the victor because of kryptonite. here's a plan though, just shoot Superman with a kryptonite bullet. anyway, Batman goes after the Joker once more, but Superman arrives. during this, Batman cunningly decided to Don some armor laced with kryptonite. and the two go head-to-head. there's batarangs used, heat vision, grenades, you name it. and the two really go back and forth. when duking it out. Batman even flies the batwing into him, and it goes all out. and basically it's like a fight on injustice to Superman, manages to destroy Batman's armor through using his freeze breath. and then Batman ends the fight by shooting a kryptonite arrow. but man then goes head-to-head with the Joker, who reveals Lex's plan. Bruce is devastated, and the Joker goes to stab him in the back, but Superman saves him. and the two go head-to-head with the Joker and his henchmen. Batman goes to kill Joker, and Superman even tells him to do it, but at the last second, Batman decides to spare him because he doesn't want to go down the dark path that it will lead to, I would have nowhere. Lex arrives in armor in states that he's disappointed in Batman for not killing the Joker. and Superman, he does the old if you want something done right, you have to do it yourself. and then Batman and Superman face off against him. Lex gets dropped over the side of a Ledge along with Batman, and Superman saves the latter, whilst the other seemingly tumbles to his death. his body is never found, though. and at the end, Batman and Superman shake hands. Batman asks if he wants to go for a beer, and Superman says, how about a soda? and the two then walk off into the sunset, which ends the film. and that's the movie. there were a ton of people attached the role of Batman, including Matt Damon, Johnny Depp, Colin Farrell, James Franco, Jude Law and even Christian Bale, who, at the same time, was asked to be in Darren Aronofsky's Batman. yay 1. Josh Hartnett was offered the role of Superman, and filming was due to start in 2003. however, Warner Brothers decided instead to pursue solo projects, which would go on to, of course, be Superman Returns and Batman Begins. DC, went in the direction they did, but I can't help thinking, what if? overall, the the script was a bit all over the place, but it was definitely a fun read that I recommend you check out if you have any interest in either character. I hope you enjoyed this video and this trip down memory lane. and obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts. so comment below and let me know you liked our breakdown, and please drop a thumbs up. and make sure you check out a video on all of the hidden details that we noticed in Batman V Superman, which is going to be linked at the end every month. in the 15th, we give away free blu-ray sand all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning the marble face report 1 box set is leave a like and subscribe with notifications on. you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us on our discord a link below our definition. whitey on Twitter. hopefully we see over there very soon. and thank you for watching till the end. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition that. you've been the best. now see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 