welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your house definition, and this is the channel where we break down all the latest movies and new game releases, TV shows and comic books. 21 bridges is making its way through cinemas worldwide, and the film packs a lot of twists and turns that will keep you guessing during its one hour 40 minute runtime. throughout this video, I'm gonna be breaking down everything that you need to know about the film, it's ending and my general thoughts on the movie. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the film yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into a breakdown of 21 bridges. okay, so personally, I think the movie should be called 21 dead cops. because down this film does not hold back on the body count at all. from the off, the film operates in moral shades of grey, and every character in the movie has a darker side to them and a relatability that makes the characters far more realistic and grounded than in the typical crime thriller that we normally get. this is exemplified by our protagonist, and Ray Davis, who is played masterfully by Chadwick Boseman. Davis pretty much inherited the role of a policeman from his father, who was killed in the line of duty after trying to apprehend three criminals that turn on him during the arrest. this is vastly shaped Davis, and throughout his career, he is operated with a shoot first, ask questions later, mentality in order to not make the same mistakes as his dad. this has brought him into an internal affairs investigation. and it's also this reputation as a gun with a badge that means he becomes a key player in the plot ahead. the movie really kicks off during a botched robbery with characters Michael and Ray, both of whom have been hired to steal their ikki lows of coke for a drug dealer. upon arriving at the scene and carrying out the act, they are shocked to instead find 300 kilos of the narcotic. and things quickly turned south when policemen arrive at the location. Michael and Ray both possess military training and due to the former's skills, he is able to kill a policeman as well as the backup that arrives at the scene. with several officers dead, a massive manhunt begins for them, with Davis or during the shutdown of all bridges and tunnels in the metropolis of Manhattan, as they attempt to close the net on the - it's a brilliant premise. and now the film itself takes place across multiple areas. for some reasons, I had flashes of a die hard movie in both its tone and atmosphere. there's an undercurrent throughout that we aren't getting the full picture. and as the movie progresses, it becomes clear that things aren't as they seem. I'm just gonna spoil the ending right now because I think this knowledge is needed to add the context for the film and why things happen the way that they do. so it turns out the police officers are precinct 85. are part of a drug movement within the city, and for a cut of the profits, they transport narcotics throughout the area. the policeman that arrived at the scene early on were partaking in the movement of the 300 kilos an a and Michael and rage has happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. captain McKenna of the 85, played by JK Simmons, just once the entire mess cleaned up, before the operation is unearthed. and luckily for him, Davis, who tends to kill without questions, is at the scene, and thus he tasks him with bringing in the two. so it seems like it's all gonna be okay, right? well, Davis has kind of had a change of heart, and throughout the film, we watch as he sort of rights the wrongs of his past, trying to get to the truth rather than the target. Davis is teamed up with Frankie burns, played by Sienna Miller, who is really having a career revival at the moment. and together, they track down the two and say, attempt to make their escape. the movie beautifully portrays both sides of the struggle, with Michael and Ray desperately trying to get off the island and away from everything. it looks like they may have a shot - upon reaching a man known as Eddie, who is a cleaner that can provide them with new identities and launder their money. just as things look like they're working out for the two, though. police show up at a DS and shoot him through the door without even giving warning. daddy tells Michael of two thumb drives that he keeps on his computer and the codes to access them. and the thief manages to grab them before making his escape with Ray. the police finally get through and shoot Eddie, and we later learn that Frankie tipped them off when Davis checks their phone, pretending to not have any battery on his to make a call. it's a real light other out of sheer bad luck, ray and Michael went to the person that was also laundering the police's money, and this is kind of what helped the close the circle in on them. this is why addy threatens the police before they shoot at him, as he knows he has connections in the force that are supposed to heck Tim. Davis and Frankie managed to find ray and Michael. and Davis manages to kill the former, almost stopping Michael, who takes Frankie hostage and escapes. during their exchange, Michael informs Davis of the two thumb drives and discusses the strange turn of events that have caused the night to go haywire. this tips Davis off slightly to the bigger picture, and he decides that he needs to bring him in, rather than take him down, as he has done in the past with suspects. Michael breaks into a random hotels guest room, and, after holding them at gunpoint, gets the password to their laptop, which he uses to scan the thumb drives with here he discovers that the cleaner was keeping tabs on all of the outgoings and incomings in every aspect of the drug trade in the city. and this includes a list of police badge numbers from the 85 as well as the amounts of money that they have earned from being in on the distribution process. Michael changes his appearance, but the long arm of the law still manages to track him down. and after an awesome chase scene, Davis comes face-to-face, or rather gun to gun, with the character on the subway. here Michael tells him about the content of the flash drives, but just as he's about to surrender, Frankie arrives and shoots him. I don't know where she came from though, as she clearly didn't get on the train like you could see the front and the end of it. and Yoshi clearly wasn't on as it left. look, never mind, it's a movie. Frankie blames her poor judgment on the fact that she couldn't see him. and let's face it, this guy is responsible for the death of many of her co-workers. Davis checks her phone, like I said earlier. and later on in the movie, there's lip service paid to the fact that he also checked the drives and made the info on them public before going to confront McKenna at his house. this is where we learned that the police arrived at the drop-off that Rae and Michael were robbing, and that this entire movie was basically McKenna trying to cover up the conspiracy, while it's also avenging the death of his friends. he says that the police are pretty much protecting a city that hates them, and that, due to the pay that they get, it's difficult to keep roofs over their family's heads without making a bit on the side. he asks Davis to look the other way, saying that if he doesn't, he will always be looking over his shoulder due to ratting out fellow officers. but Davis refuses saying that he'd rather look the devil in the eye. and just as it looks like he's about to take McKenna in, his coworkers arrive and start shooting have the character. this is a brilliant shootout. boat yeah, there's more dead cops, cuz it's not like this movie had enough already. and Davis manages to kill McKenna by shooting him through the wall at his home, before asking him to surrender, which he refuses to. Frankie arrives again out of nowhere, like she seems to just be hanging around outside of places til it's time to shoot. and she holds Davis at gunpoint. he manages to talk her into surrendering using her daughter as leverage. and police close in on the house, and Davis escorts her outside before driving back over one of the open bridges with the snap thumb drive. now, whilst this may seem like a slightly happy ending, it's actually not really that good when you think about it. Davis has pretty much caused a huge PR nightmare for the police. and there's also the fact that Rae and Michael sold their cocaine Hall to a drug dealer who will now be able to flood the market due to the police no longer being a roadblock that he needs to give a cut to. over all, 21 bridges, as I stated earlier, operate in a shade of grey. that really makes it so that at the ending of the film, there are really no winners. every side takes a loss. Davis has missed out spending time again with his severely ill mother, and no doubt, the internal affairs investigation that was brought off because of how trigger-happy he was, will now have a lot more scrutiny in it. and you really get the feeling that though Davis, quote/unquote, did the right thing, it came at a huge cost. to me, this is exemplified by one of the film's final shots, in which we see the thumb drive snapped, which symbolizes that the entire force drug trade, and basically the underworld of New York has been broken open and is now out into the world, revealing the city's true face. Davis is at a crossing point now, which is cemented in his travelling of the bridge. and he has decided to go in a direction that takes him away from all the corruption and the dirty side of the city. that will hopefully lead to him getting out of it for good. it's a somber note to close on. and we cut two credits ending the film. but what did I think of 21 bridges overall? well, though 21 bridges is getting pretty bad reviews, currently sitting at 46% on Rotten Tomatoes, I really enjoyed the film. there are some loose threads that I would have liked to have seen resolution - such as the ia investigation and its absence from his mother. but other than that, the film is really well made. it's got a great pace to it, and all of the performances, most notably chadwick boseman and Sienna Miller, provide a gravitas for the work that makes this feel like one of the greatest cop dramas that we've seen in years. the Russo brothers have their names all over the marketing of this, but I'm not sure exactly how much they actually had to deal with the work, as it feels very alien to their typical projects. let's not say it's bad either. and they have clearly brought together a tight script and style that means this is a great throwing watch. I had a lot of fun with 21 bridges. and I have to massively disagree with the critics on this, as I found it really enjoyable. if frozen 2 is too young for you, and you want something to sink your teeth into this weekend, then I definitely recommend that you check this out. and that's why it gets an 8 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on 21 bridges. and if you agree with my review, or side more with the critics, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and don't forget to check out my breakdown of this weekend's other big release, no, not frozen - the mandalorian episode 3. we go over everything you need to know about the series and give our thoughts and what could be happening going forward. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want something else to watch after this, you want to come chat to me after the video that make sure you follow me on twitter at definition YT well, head over to my discord server, which you'll be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early. so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, then that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3 part 2 box on blu-ray, which contains Black Panther, infinity war and Game Captain Marvel and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on 21 bridges in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of December, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever get surprise. so best of luck to everyone. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] you. [Music] 