[Music], hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2016 supernatural comedy ghostbusters. answer the call the rivo of the 1984 original Ghostbusters movie. so let's get started. this summary does not rely on you having seen the previous films, but if you'd like to see their summaries, check out the link below. this film is littered with references to the original films, with many of the original cast showing up as other characters and other various cameos. it will be opens with physicists Aaron Gilbert learning her research book on the existence of paranormal phenomena, co-authored with fellow physicist advocates, has been republished by a bleeds. this threatens Aaron's bid for tenure at Columbia University. Aaron confronts Abby, who is continuing to study the paranormal at a technical college, with engineer Gillian Holtzman, in exchange for a be removing the book from publications, Aaron reluctantly agrees to assist her and Gillian and a paranormal investigation of a presumed haunted building, where they witness and film a ghost renewing Aaron's belief in the paranormal. however, when the video their investigation is posted online, Aaron is denied her tenured and Abby and Gillian are also fired. Aaron, Abbie and Gillian opened their own ghost busting business and open an office above the Chinese restaurant and hired dim-witted but handsome Kevin Beckman as a receptionist. a MTA worker named patty Tolan witnesses a ghost in a subway line and contacts the group. they filmed the ghost and successfully touched Jillian's proton containment laser, but the video is again dismissed as a hoax. paddy joins a team providing a repurposed hearse from her grandfather, similar to the echo one from the original films. soon and has learned that the ghosts are being summoned by devices built by Rowan North's an occultist and a mad scientist, attempting to bring about the apocalypse. the Ghostbusters are brought to see the mayor, who reveals that the city and the Department of Homeland Security are of New York's ghost problems, which is very different than the original films. while privately supporting the teams works. the mayor's office publicly denounced them as fraudsters. the Ghostbusters discover Rowan building a portal to the ghost dimension in the hotel basement. to avoid capture, Rowan deliberately electrocutes himself to death, after which Jillian deactivates the portal. Aaron realizes that he killed himself so that he could become a ghost and command a spirit army. broad returns is a powerful ghost, ultimately possessing Kevin, the receptionist. as Kevin, he opens the portal and releases hundreds of ghosts. the police and DHS are quickly subdued, but the ghost busters fight through the army of ghosts to reach the portal. rolling takes the form of a ghost ghost to enormous height and attacks the city. the team devises a plan to use a nuclear reactor to close the portal and return the ghosts to their own dimension. the plan succeeds, but Rowan drags a beam to the portal with him. Aaron leaps into the portal and rescues her. after the city is saved, the mayor's office agrees to secretly fund the Ghostbusters research, while continuing to publicly denounce them as frauds. however, New York lights up with thanks and tributes to the Ghostbusters. with new funding, the Ghostbusters moved to a better facility, an unoccupied firehouse, the same one from the original films. and a post-credits scene, patty listens to a recording of a ghost encounter and asked others that they've ever heard of zoom, the main ghost terrorizing New York in the first film. so that was the spoilers for ghostbusters. answer the call. if you have a film you would like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media. list below. I remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 