we literally live right now. welcome to the man recaps. this is the official manner recaps pre game of thrones trivia show. I Manor big house. this is Vince, and this is Adam, my brother. how's it going to another every ghost? I was gonna not say your guys's real names, but I already. but with your added, I'm committed an off-screen here. you just heard laugh. is my beautiful girlfriend. she's going to be the trivia master tonight, asking questions. we're gonna try to stump me, basically. also gonna try to stump Vince. it's how much Game of Thrones have you watched? I watched maybe a season and a half, but it was years ago. nice. but you have watch it. I appreciate that. so if you can get any information. and Adam, what about you? how much keep my Thrones. I've watched all game throws. but I'm very committed to not my bringing things so well, like, how many times have you watched each episode? Oh, what's one? one time you Jefferson, I listened to the first book audiobook, so that's how I learned any of the characters. that's probably your, probably above average game. oh, yeah. I guess for me, it's rookie numbers. I've seen every episode at least four times, I think. I mean, are you online right now? I'm ready. does the I mean, there's a video. look good. does it me? actually? oh, what am I supposed to be looking at then you are you? act. go to my channel at the top, is there? like, hey, your life. [Music]. I see some chats coming in. so some of you guys are there. yeah. I mean, somebody wants you to become famous. I don't know how this is, this work. so I know you're live. I don't know what's happening so let me get the screen real quick, actually. yeah. okay. so Vince, I have some questions for you. let's see if you can get warmer ground from which house is beyond? so he's the guy, if you don't remember, he's one who got every house is though, right? he didn't switch houses, but that was a good turn. well, where is he originally from? I could, I could imagine his face. I imagine myself punching it. think I'm saying his name, Theon. Greyjoy. Greyjoy. good. house of nobles, the house of nobles. I like it. that's very good. it's their official well now. and maybe, maybe that will be the main plot of season seven, as he grows packets, or they find his doll junk and they put it on his sister. I don't think that's weird enough for George. are the kinds of theories, you know, people haven't considered yet? it's tough. oh yeah. oh yeah. here play the white Walker theme. I don't know how to not your your any technology person. I need my own late night show here. it's not but you can try do Johnny. if someone is it goes. it's just a game of Thrones scene, but it's in a minor key and slow. this is Johnny white Locker. you guys have seen it lobby. probably drinking it right now, or you will stand tonight. what we're gonna do, because it's cracking like ice, because I'm so pissed, [Laughter], because I'm so confident in my trivia skills, pour out these four shots right here. and if I get any questions wrong, I will, in fact, take a shot. yeah, we I remember more things as I well, I feel like we drank a lot while watching, that's true. yeah. drunk out of nose might be. yes. so bright. it doesn't drink. and you know, things I drink in another I don't drink in Africa. this is gonna be delicious. Lee at lukewarm. that's my favorite whiskey's like winter. this is Arizona winter. all right. so the next question, or I guess the first question. question, by by who? or who kidnapped tired and laughter when trying to make his way towards Daenerys. so tired got kidnap her to read. Wow. yeah. oh, yeah. cheerio, dear mister. who captured him on his way to dinners, on his way to Daenerys? yes, Vince, do you remember this one? I don't what's given. it was a random guess name. a character kidnapped him. oh yeah. with their bare hands. I would like to see that. yeah, was it dude? that's love with her. yeah. with the grayscale. Jorah Mormont, you got it. okay. and you guys, by the way, I'll play along. I'll put it in the chat, and everyone, let's go over, see what people say. and don't worry about us. reading is a good question. I'm a huge fan of tormund Giantsbane, the wildling with the ginger beard. for though I think he's the best thrown if I could. yeah, yeah. all right. so another one for Vince. we're starting a little early. and the first one for me, I think, little fingers, real name, I like it at some point, but I don't like it, so I just, if you type it wrong with Google, I just found this out, it will correct it to how they spell it. and Game of Thrones, nice. yeah, it is spelled pretty weird. you guys in Chatham, you guys got it? you guys know? yeah, they definitely know it. it is Petyr Baelish. yeah. good. learn Petyr Baelish. nice computer with the Y. if you guys do listen to the audio books, you might remember that. alright. so from which city did Daenerys get her unsullied her army? 30 minute recap. tears, he does, I know, like, if you say that name of these places, I'll be able to tell you they are, ok? but no, it's a purity place. it is one of the purity place. a green has the most pyramids. that's the one that Dutch, she spends the most time in, which he gets there later, eventually stays. is that what the Wizards know? this with the Wizards, the Warlocks of Qarth. that's our yeah, that was not enslave the bay. it was even farther down at the edge of the world. I would love his did globe. and as the edge of the world, just like sticking out somewhere, basically. no. the city where she bought the unsullied was asked to pour the city of in the plaza I it's a city of red bricks, the city of blood. you know, people love it below you Kyle, was the second city, just for completion sake. and traditionally is yellow clerk. and they she didn't about fighting now. and that was the one where I she's threatened them, they released all the slaves. yeah. at the end of season two or three, I was a baby dragon. so, yeah, just scared of ever saw on a leash at that point. I asked for, all right, Vince, are you ready? cigarette II. all right. what's the name of John's direwolf? [Laughter], poor ghost. he doesn't come up to the recap. and he also is not around a bunch in the show these days, which is Rick. he's like, still alive and hanging out. maybe we'll see him this season. that will take bets. that's part of the game of Thrones game. if you're gonna play the drinking game as you watch the premiere, if ghost shows up, everyone does a shot. yes, that's what they decided. let me do it. Wow. alright, Brendan, this one's for you, but I think you can get it. which name is given to the bastard of the reach? whoa, you know, if I know something, I'll later. castra Namath's no, we're talking about the reach. what would be another bastard name? generic bastard name. I'm feeling it's something we really they may like wind. yeah, I'll tell I'll tell you is flowers. flowers is the bastard name from the reach. that's where the tyra prom it's rare. flower princess, yeah, they're on their own. the flower people. storm is from the storm ants, which is wind related. what are those ruins? that's why the brigands are traditionally from, sort of right next to King's Landing. it's in that bottom, Oh, whatever. gets kind of like, it's like, no, this is all just Lannister now. yeah, it's, it's sort of all now it's all sort of Lannisters. and then stuff to say, yeah, all right, Vince, what bills came Baratheon, what kills the king? poison or the first one? King Robert Baratheon, yeah, first, this was a season one. was that the gist? original guy who died. yeah, yeah. goes on a hunt. and more of the series of attacks are a bit longer. it's accidentally Gorge by a. yeah, there aren't there on the kingside. oh, I remember that. yeah, because the Lannisters were a trunk off his cars. yeah, yeah. he was drunk and failed to, like, they go into it a lot deeper in the in the books and in the show too. I skimmed it in the recap, but it is implied that serve T hacker cousin, Lancel, who she was sleeping with. yeah, who was your super the cousin who also Lancel? Lancel Lannister, who named you surprised. okay, like 30 minutes of gamer fans that ever watched? yeah, I don't know, like, sleeping with your superhot brother is one thing, but like, sleep, sleeping with your cousin, Lancel, what good? yeah, I feel like, seriously murdered someone during sex, or know what I feel he was one of the gay guys got murdered. rings I don't know, that's all, no, I don't know. we're all seeing the Game of Thrones wine here as well, a 2014 vintages. I'm a hurry. caps is pouring now. this was, this was a gate birthday gift, or Christmas gift back, you know, when the first season was there, we still had a half wait, yeah. so this is aged very nicely. it's actually, it's actually been good. lady honey, yeah. okay. well, yes, if he blew up in the wild fire explosion, people up the whole cept. Lancel was a guy who later doing the, you know, though, sparrows, the sparrows. yeah, yeah, he was the one who they, he went down there and found it, almost blew the candle app in time that just could blow. hello, yeah. it looks so funny when I show back up. I love how in Game of Thrones, sometimes the characters, you think they're gone forever, you know, he had a small part in season one and two, and then he shows up and he's just like, you've clearly been working out, you know, for his two off seasons. yeah. he's like, please in the show. I'll get Jackson. alright. so we'll talk about the onion night. how many finger tips did Stannis Baratheon chop off of Davos his hand. did you see the onion? the onion night? yes, Jim, no, that's, that's up. this is guy, Davos Seaworth, his best friend, whose nose that's right after the sorry, man, read you take it away. did he brought that? yeah, he saved the siege Kings lemon back in the day, during the rebellion against King Aerys, Mad King him, Stannis, by sneaking in onions, another food. is a great line. and I just, on the real I felt really bad. so one nor. yeah. Lily, starving the status gives a great speech about how they had eaten all the dogs, gas and the rats, and now they're just boiling, boiling flakes. so, yeah, the onions were a very welcome sight. yeah. oh, I bet how many fingers? if says, did he lose? I'm almost certain that it was just the four. I know it was one hand. would he take a thumb? I doubt it. I feel like Stannis was like, no man should go without a thumb. we go three. then price is writing me president all round. it is for this job. Ronnie gets wrong. I certainly can try. let's check questions for me. yeah, go ahead put them in, and I'll check them out, see if there's any good ones there. by the way, I hide everyone. they're coming. I know. it's very exciting this. we have a girls night. it looks like there are double digit viewers. there are, I think it's 15, which is pretty good. yeah, and I we are gonna watch Game of Thrones. so we did a fin from, is it Zack, from the first we are watching it. we're ready to go. yeah, yeah. it is in an hour ten minutes. you have Game of Thrones. so we will be ready. we're gonna stop this with time, with at least a half hour left, so we can all go watch the big recap that's obviously Nepal. yeah, I took just a bit in high school, and, but I watch it, when I, I watched my recap in France, in the French Prince to see if people would auto translate it. well, today, did I call me, do they come? what's snowing in French - did you say, wait, alright, play. like with subtitles. are like, they W I know they transit subtitles. there's a couple funny things, I think, some good things pretty well. like up they still just awesome. yeah, probably jobs. I think it's just John's. now, are you caps it for you guys? yes. so what do you think about the Hodor episode in season 6? he says that it destroyed the whole show. and I had agreed. I don't like that episode. I don't think it has any merit. you guys think about the board or episode. it's, it's gonna wear that they went back in town like that, because it doesn't happen in any other episode. you like it soaring in time. this is like a crazy show. let's keep it in the arena race. that's already been established. and they they introduced time travel, which theoretically you can just sort of do anything that, right? it almost seems like brands ability these I've just been kind of thrown in there as wildcard to be, like, any plot holes that kind of forgot about - thanks. yeah. and just be like, oh, no, it's fine. this isn't a student, man. every kept viewer, yes, it's very true. I don't normally, like, criticize the show, but it's perfect. it's certainly not. especially in later seasons, there have been some strange plot choices, and bran is actually one of them. his powers are very inconsistent. the hood webisode. now, I did love it, and I was bawling my eyes out the whole time. at the end there as hold her, Oh, door. was holding that door. I was laughing - but it is weird because, um, you know, it was sort of established throughout brands tree powers that he couldn't, he could see the past, he couldn't impact it. but there he is. all of a sudden he's there. and somehow, somehow, yeah, if working into young Hodor, which causes whole time travel paradox. so, yeah, exactly. that has huge implications. it's like, wait, if you could affect him there, could you affect other things? I also don't like how bran can see the past anywhere, just sitting in his room. yeah, I kind of thought you had to be touching the tree - it sort of connected to the network. but, uh, you know, they funding it. they're like, three powers. the degradation of the word to get the Hodor name seems like, I don't know, it just seemed like a cop-out. and I really feel like George named him Hodor before he had this play, and then was like, oh, whoops. I now have the biggest show on HBO. we have to come up with something. yeah. so what role do you think bran will play that in season eight? from the beginning, I was kind of saw where it was going, and I thought, you know, he's gonna learn to be the worg and he's going to end up working the Dragons. yeah. Oh, that'd be a great way for Daenerys to help control him. be much enmity issue anymore, because she seems to have just been like, oh, I can control him now. left. uh, yeah. I thought brand would end up working a dragon, and that would be sweet. still, might happen otherwise. I'm not sure what he's gonna do out there, I think. so this is jumping ahead a little bit to our predictions, but I think that bran is going to end up working with Sam. Sam is gonna be the king of the Iron Throne, and bran will be here the second command oh, wow. rings rather a breakout win the day. yeah. how is, how is Sam going to end up on the throne? why everyone else is gonna die? because fighting the White Walkers is basically a suicide mission. yeah, it could be. yeah. and like, everyone's just, like, so intent on murdering everyone else that I he's just gonna be like, no, he's in charge here. and Branston be like, you're in charge, Sam, I need to be look at Terry. in turns to be like, not drinking. so we have the mana recap, see it? has written down his predictions, because he thinks he's going to be right. myself, my predictions are unfair. yeah. if I were to see them now, it would be basically a spoiler. because I know Game of Thrones so well, and, you know, read up on all the theories, I think I know exactly what's gonna happen. so I've submitted an envelope. yeah, about two. and tell you guys, right, never just like a, well, me if I'm making him put in a physical. and because this is what he's been bragging about for the last reason, it is that I know what's gonna happen in Game of Thrones. so I'm gonna break it down. you know, you know, you can like, bet on this in real life, right? this is a really Kevin situation. yeah. it's an interesting idea, Kenan, let's get the Vegas odds. I'll talk to you about the what my fear is, and I'll put it on there so, mister, I think it's might or could be, Mick, because it's to see, he says, what if Jed curry ended up on the throne? so he's the bastard, remember, that's a great point. I mean, if he has a shirt off all the time, sorry, you support Gendry. I mean, the King began throwing and taking shirt off always, yes, yeah. you know, it's actually, it's entirely possible, because he is, in many ways, theoretically the most rightful king. it was probably nothing about ruling any kingdoms. yeah. it hasn't had much experience with that, so I wouldn't recommend it. you know, you certainly a step up from, say, Cersei, or other other bad people that could, could end up on the throne. I'm excited for, maybe you're on great joy to sort of just joint get, you know, just be like, oh, I'm sitting here now. what's up? you're on your own. here's another batch of every 100 you bail. see, there's another prediction for you. you're on, man, yeah, he's going to stone the throne. now you can get eaten by a dragon, dress apart style. I love it. I think that's a good call. I feel like they're definitely have a twist and not use any of the top ones right now, you guys need to knock it off, because I can't see what you're looking at. the viewers can't see this. if you get this question wrong, you have to take a shot. are you ready? yeah, can you give a question that could possibly, yeah, it's going to be a question that you could possibly answer correctly. all right. who is the mother of Jon Snow, I don't need a name, but you can give me relation. so Daenerys is sister. so who's his mother? oh, yeah, I also know us for a relation, right? so, like, I don't need the mother's name, but, like, how? well, then he said it with his mother, was Daenerys his sister? Oh, which is not quite right. yeah, it's still not right. it's Daenerys. his brother is his father? yeah. oh, my gosh. well, you gotta take a shot. but I'm also gonna try and sum the main recap. but you've got your family trees exhibition down. let's see what's the answer. yeah. Liana starts, the Queen of the north at the start of the show, the King. yeah, Ned Stark's sister. oh, okay, I don't know actors. all right, Brendan Washington's gonna go knowing somebody shot deep Vince is gonna remember everything. bad news. just some Brendan, yeah, all right. let's try. can you tell me at the house name for house Marr brand? that the house name? yes, house Marr brand. or their words? what's our words? yeah, let me think, yes, sir Adam. our brand is the guy that's ever mention. okay, you're the worst. he's, uh, he's only vaguely mentioned ever in the show, I think, probably at some point in season one. but he is sort of the books a little bit more. he's a friend of Jamie. he's a cool guy. you know, that is a the how smart brand is Bannerman for the Lannisters. you want the house words, though? let me think. um, I think their sigil, logo, their logo, close. it's got a lot missing. that wraps Brax is the unicorn, so I think there's a huge crack. yeah, I know. I've read the books, so that's why I can answer some of these questions. in fact, for its it's a boy knows the words. I need your words. so has my words? words, fierce and loyal. because how smart brand is burning bright. and their sigil is actually a burning tree. yeah. so it will take a shot. we did it. I finally got stumped by how smart, Brian. oh, yes. I've had that one on the back burner for a lannister, a burning tree. yes. so I'm so sorry guys for pronunciations, but is it flam Nick flam ik? yeah, uh, he's do you guys think that the last remaining main characters of different factions will rule their respective kingdoms and Westeros will be split? or do you think they'll come together and rule Westeros together? and that's kind of when we were talking earlier, that's kind of my questions. Wow, exactly. yeah. your your prediction was that there will be sort of, no one on the Iron Throne, brass will end up in a seven separate kingdoms, sort of, maybe a democratic council situation. whole Iron Throne will be burned on down in season 14, the Democratic County. it's like, burned down 21 candidates or something. yeah. well, I think it's entirely possible that could be away. it goes. I don't think so, though. that's not where I would put my my best I do think that sort of people in Westeros, you know, they're used. for hundreds of years now they've had central King. and I think that even for Daenerys, is talk of breaking the wheel, I think that people are still gonna want a king or queen to look up to, someone to keep the continent and the Kingdom together. I do think, though, that probably the characters that are left from the various regions will end up becoming the Lords paramount. you know, I think Santa will rule the north. Sam Tarly probably will rule the reach. all the Tyrells have been wiped out. he's the last of the great, Great Houses of the reach, things of that nature. Theon and his sister Yara, if they survive, could rule the ions. he feels definitely surviving. like, let's be realistic. this guy's not dying. he's me this far guide this person individual. wait, I thought he died. no, he's missing his yeah, that was in the just recap, for those of you just joined up, tortured. and I assumed the implication was he died, so they just let him go. yeah. he ends up escaping. he saves Sansa when she was married to Ramsay in Winterfell. escape together. interesting. he goes back to the Iron Islands, and it was where we left him. I hope we don't see him again. his sister, yarrow, it's captured by here. I'm will see him. he'll have a little plot lines, because he's, I'm on a mission. he always makes his way back in. there was, there's a big battle on a lot of boats, and as funny was going on, he just jump overboard. yeah, yeah, oh, they're just like, he got scattered and nails until the fight was over, and then gotcha, got rescued, and everyone's like, oh, you're still alive. yeah. I didn't save you too much wine. I'm sorry. we have all the beers, all the beers also. Oh, to my if we're answering their questions were before. yeah, I don't know. I think it's gonna unite under one king. I think it's guard is gonna rule, probably the other continent. but I think the other company in the bird Khaleesi, originally, will probably just be their own thing in nobody cares. I think he's gonna go on a dress kind of whatever political system is. but for the main coming in, I think the Iron Throne, it's tougher, six episodes. it's what tough with six episodes to try and like for me to think about, did you say sex for the season? there's only six episodes this season. are they? three hours of them there? some of them are pretty long, especially the last couple. are pushing, like pushing an hour half, like pushing full movies. but, yeah, it's actually really disappointing. I love it when game of season is different season. it's ten weeks, but it's really confident. so, Vince, would you like Cersei to die? no, okay, yeah. do you remember which one Cersei is? yeah, yeah, she's the girl. yeah, that's, yeah, no, I mean, like, she's been, they've cut off so many characters from season one, like I started, like the ones that have been there to just the ground at this point. it would be interesting, you know, cuz we all assume Circe's gonna die. well, because she's kind of the bad guy, you know, she's currently on the Iron Throne, but she's, well, why is she so awful? action? alright, so she's the worst listener. she saw his orders. everything she does is just horrible. yeah, no. she has to become a white Walker. she has to become the queen of the White Walkers. and then you have a fool that is actually mister usually beat. oh, she's gonna ride a zombie ice dragon. not does the king white Walker have a name? they call him? this is fun. this is great, because it's like one person that's qualified to, I haven't thought about this since the last episode, like, the previous season. yeah. and I'm just making the exactly, yeah. we got a perfect Pamela here. thank you guys for joining us. we're gonna go for a little bit longer still. we got some time. I have never beaten this. my friend is who seen no Game of Thrones, only my recap, basically. oh, my brother, Adam, I've watched it all, but I just, like, don't commit anything a memory. I don't watch shows anymore. I only want be happy. yes. why do you need shows when there are recaps, right? I mean, motion better than motion there. but, you know, we're all just here sensor the boobs. and, you know, YouTube ruining news for everyone, pretty rough. it's true. did you really mana recaps? yeah, I was the man of recaps. i, if you look at my channel, it looks like it's three years old. it's actually five years old. I was the man of recaps. and I had the same Game of Thrones seasons one through three. but, yeah, I just didn't censor the books. I don't know, I didn't. yeah, it took two years. and some of you guys might have been there from the beginning, even, because those videos got pretty big. that's a shame from YouTube. you know, great band. no warnings, no like, take down your videos, put up new things. just channel pleaded. yeah. so it was good though. the freezing it ball side note, Simon thinks that Sansa does marry the white Walker. whoa? Sansa, yeah, airing the way Walker. wait, what? Mary's, yeah, marries the white Walker. make mine lady, but I just learned his name. yeah, yeah, the night thing. yeah. I mean, you know, I'm not saying machine-type, but if she did, that would be what I would guess. well, this, um, this makes sense. let's see, there was some question in the middle seasons whether Sansa was going to, like, sort of go down a dark path, you know, Littlefinger Petyr Baelish, we talked, was I was sort of guiding her, training her to be a schemer. and I thought for a while maybe she would end up going to pulled outside. yeah. turns out being just an older man is not enough. you have to also not be super creepy. Simon then redacted his statement and said, sir, see which one King doesn't have? know, he's got it. is that what you were gonna say? thank you. yeah, oh, it doesn't have a dick. no, I think it's the young gamers. dangerous place. but I feel like a, zombies don't have sex drives, so I don't know. this is a whole, well, he's not a zombie though. he's an offering from the Wow. the White Walkers are unclear. they're ready got some some warm flesh, which I agree not saying because it sounds really gross. Trump Savannah recaps. we got one shot left here that I can still take? yes, I can take what I took. necessary. so, which house is a direct vassal of house Baratheon of King's Landing? no, you have to, it was multiple choice. I feel like, I know that's easy. I've already got one closely. I like, remember in my head at some point that this came up, and I was like, oh, we're making distinctions now about actual oil. please. direct vassal of house Baratheon. i can tell you i wouldn't, i couldn't wouldn't be able to come up with this name. okay? I'm not gonna good thing, is it? could could, I fear, to come up with the group, though, without the meeting, like a description? there's a couple of the brass pins. traditionally, before Rob Baratheon became king of all Seven Kingdoms, the Baratheon's were their parents at the Stormlands. one of the houses from the show that's directly vassal eyes to them is a Tarth. Brienne of Tarth and her father, Selwyn Tarth, their direct vassals. and another big one I just had second ago is on what I, I'm supposed to be the expert here. Cedric Diggory, is what I'm thinking in my head. Robert, same universe. yeah. and of course, oh, they're daring. sounds the same. okay. beric Dondarrion. all right. beric Dondarrion. the other Dondarrion house is also in the Stormlands, restless, wearing a house hospira thean. but of course, berry, I wasn't there for any the wars. he was sent off, and that's how he ended up in the Brotherhood without banners. ooh. what else would they got? so this is stroke worth. Stokeworth is the castle and it's castles located in the crown lands. they are directly loyal to the monarch, not to house itself. yeah. I he knew that, he just didn't say it aloud. good, good. good question. yeah. I think if it were, he wanted the ball irony he now is. take a shot from the breath in House. Baratheon. ours is the fury pick up. yeah, yeah. you actually L shouldn't keep going. we got another 15 minutes, are you guys? at least before it's time to get into drink. we have all the beers as well. sorry. we're gonna admit the dead, the dead zone. they did ask, mmm, do you think so? this is also from I said it right the first time. I don't say wrong, yes. Zach cron the first do you think the Hound and his brother will ever make amends? make amends? by amends, you mean fight to the death, game over in my face. it's over. yeah, Sandor. and, you know, you know, the hell, he's the one who's kind of the good guy now. yeah. and then his brother, the one who's now sort of an undead guy, sort of a Frankenstein guy, research bodyguard. he's the really big one, that spot. oh, yeah, who was one of them? like, occasionally some bacteria. yeah, that was, um, that was the the mountain. yeah. gregor clegane, he was against Tyrion. he Circe's guy. oh, he serves. he's like, that's like a nifty trick that he pulled like three times tyrion. tyrion is lucky with it's too bad. it's too bad. you like, oh, well, there was a great news article when a guy tried to, uh, I think it was Florida man, always four, that's our home state, but Florida man demanded a trial by combat in court. yeah, I'm like, parking tickets. well, you know, long story short, so we do have, and this one I allowed because I thought it was hilarious. um, so, Podrick, yeah, Padma Podrick Payne Squire - Brienne of Tarth man, yeah. why? RBI, MVP, looks very much like Gendry, you actor wise. yeah, yeah, yeah. you know, eventually now that moderates kind of, like, kind of ripped. yeah. um. so we have this serie that Podrick will destroy the night king with his dick. pondered events. I don't think this made it into my bakery cab of the full one through seven. but there was a great scene Podrick, Safety Ratings, originally, Tyrion Squire, Tyrion Lannister, the dwarf. yeah, Podrick saved him at the battle back in the day. and so as a reward in the show, Tyrion brought him to a brothel. and, like, there was a great scene where there's, like, I love Tyrion. three gorgeous girls behind the curtains, you know, and they had their time with Bonnard. then Potter comes back with the back of gold. Tyrion game. and he's like, oh, they didn't, they didn't want the gold. they gave it to me on house just because, you know, I've got a magic dick. well, so, yeah, that's a popular theory actually, that Podrick will kill the night's game. I love ya. I love it. I'm, in fact, I'm all-in. I think, I think you're right. all right, so let's try and stab you again. so, if whose house words are nothing so wise didn't question, I don't know these offhand, none there on the shot glasses. well, not not the ones I'm asking. let's see. first of all, I don't know if anyone else was paying attention to this. but it is Game of Thrones trivia night on HQ, Oh, slept at its 5:15. it's already over, right? no, you're starting it, and it seems like a mistake. you gotta be starting it right before. Game of Thrones, 15 minutes away. a special show with me, the man recaps, though. we're gonna do on this room. is that way? you guys can arrow in here, all 25,000 of you. some other bigger channels that have what beer? I'm very poorly doing a poorer for. it's a the white the Ommegang brewery winter is here, double white ale. and it's only two years. yeah. and it's been on top of our refrigerator, so we'll see how it was. it was in the refrigerator for at least three hours. I think. you know, the White Walkers themselves, they stuffed beneath the ice for a thousand years. no, that's mica. No, so imagine the beer will stay? no, I make sure I showed the last vestiges of the wine. so I give you tips from Metairie. yeah, yes. you don't need to, you don't need to drink the last drop of wine and rinse your cup out if you're, if you're live on camera, if you don't want to get up. alright. so in the first episode trivia, wait a minute, wait a minute. uh, we our knowledge question. what would the house words? I'm so sorry. is there a family that runs library other than that? Sam, no, guess it right yet? so I have two ideas. okay, what are your two ideas? my one idea is House Hightower, because they live, they rule old town, which is where the citadel is. okay, so they have some sort of connection to the citadel and learning and whether, yes. my second guess is a, there's a guy in the Iron Islands in the book, Roderick, the reader, and he's all about reading, but I don't think his traditionally last name. but I don't think they're there about that either. so research is like, well, is there like a bro house? because I would make them the nuns or wives. yeah, maybe. again, no, so wise there are none. I am pretty good, by the way. yeah. it's really very present. is its toll? it's not poison I have. well, okay, diet, the red Game of Thrones viewing trivia. so it's actually house forward. where are they from? what's their deal? oh, you're gonna make me? whoever it I never asked that question. you got to back this up with some, some, anything. you've got a tough one of housewares. it's me. um, let's see. nobles from the crown ones, they are sworn directly to the Iron Throne. good job. yeah, did we? did we do like we did? was that someone? answer that her? no. I was just trying to, I do know a lot of house words that, you know, people have no business knowing, but not that one. you got me. good. um, let's see. let's do somewhere like basic game of throne. yes, for just a little bit longer, until we all go off and win a million dollars on each cue. that's what's gonna happen here today. obviously, all of us, us group, we be better air. explain the support rage, right? I mean, I've contribute. we're splitting it yet for waste. and then twenty five, twenty thousand ways. yeah, of course. for the twenty two thousand viewers, I think so, that we have right now. yeah. nothing. not fourteen. yeah, no, no one. it's fine. that's good. alright. what is a light and our relationship to maced Tyrell Elena Elena, Oh, Elena, well, II and na LAN. apostrophe. s you don't know this, do you know? and what about it is, do you guys? I don't know any of these names. I are we still, this is Game of Thrones, are we making another eleven? other set of people know that Iran is a grandma. Tyrell, how I refer to Erin I recaps. she's the queen of thorns, is her other nickname. and she is maces mother. in fact, how did she die? Vince, do you remember how grandma, grandma? Tyrell, you know, boob lady, you boob lady, her grandma. how did she die? also? phew. no, that's just really old writing. mmm, no, this is, this is actually this women. oh, yeah, yeah. cuz what did she do? what was happening when she drank the poison? just one of my favorite scenes. yeah, she's drinking, yeah, who made this became this came? uh. I mean, I know it's very big. yeah, yeah, she's sassy. Tyrell, this goes back to other big things that happened in certain douche bag Prince Kings got murdered. yeah. and their mothers are the ones that poison with his lady, an idea. she said she drank the poison and then told Cersei, great. oh, yeah. so Jaime some reason, just imagine, I really Jamie didn't want to be there. so in my mind it was, yeah, yeah, he poisoned her because that was the job, because he's whipped, and he came through though. she knew it was poisoned, so she drank it and then told him, right before she died, it was me. I murdered your insects to Sutton. so she's already dead, so they can't torture her or anything. yeah, it was a really cool scene. yeah. it was like a super boss move. interested because she thought the sword accepted poison. yeah, he poured it, imported the poison because he reenact. oh, yeah. recapping, he's gonna this library. got the booth ready. so how am I to dive in tortured homebody, Rock drawn and quartered? and he's like, Oh, seriously. wanted those, but I persuaded her, not any ports. little poison her glass. she's like, oh, who let's be painless. and he's like, I make sure of that. and so she chugged it immediately. I think she's like, ah, tell sexy, I murdered your son. I want her to know it was me. and then it's like, she's already dead, you know. there's nothing to her at that point. so, super baller. hashtag, boss [ __ ]. exactly. so good. how was this a meme? I turned, like, sitting there with like the fake sunglasses on. you know, like Photoshop is like, it was me. what do you live in search for this Queen of thorns? me, her. it was me. it was me. I think I searched it was me in the whole series. oh, it's a t-shirt. yeah. tea show. do you what? do you even wear it? cuz nothing, I don't even have it. I have Game of Thrones pajamas, and I have some tank tops, but it's not like, warm enough yet. this is the Pokemon crossover. yeah. brother recap says that one. if there was one person you would want alive in the series, there's Vince is good to go. so there was someone you could bring back from the bed to the series, who would? that's good question. that's a lot of fun. and this will be our last kind of question for the night. that's good. oh, so embarrassing. they don't know her name, but they the redhead from the note yes, hey, grant regret. I figured, yeah, yeah, the one who actually married kid Harrington in real life, and they're so perfect. the other way, she died, yeah, yeah. she was buried where you kept her death? I did. but it was like that. it was pretty early on, when the wildlings attacked the wall, they have a final showdown where it's like, are we going to kill each other, or are we in love? but then someone else shoots her. oh, they were on opposite sides. yeah, exactly. exactly. they fell in love, but he was still committed to the Nights Watch. this is one, you know what Shawn means, character, Ned Stark. Ned Stark, right? that'd be my choice, cause, like, honestly, he shouldn't make it through his series at some point. no, it's fine. if he was still around, he could turn. he's got a great voice, you know, the great Shawn beam beam voice. yeah. who would I love to see around? a character that's died that I think would still be great? let's see, they killed off people that needed to die, I think Rob and Kylie, though she's still in the books. it's tragic how all of the start da rules are dead, except it goes, re is, no mere he's still hanging around somewhere. let's see who else is dying. Tywin Lannister should be dead. Joffrey should be dead. people are alive. so Simon says, that the sand snakes mom, don't she was super hot. oh, you're into a Illyria of Dorne. and then Zac Brown says, Samuel Ned Stark, which would also be my choice. it'd be great, dick. I would not, I don't think Ned. I think I like that. I think that was maybe the best job they did with one of these is where he it. the show opens with him beheading someone and being like, this is a responsibility, not, we're not doing this for fun, but it has to be happen. and then he headed up. I was, I think he needed to die. and also, I didn't know who Sean Bean was just bite. he's the worst Mir but I do, I do think one of the brothers, or one of those charts. John Tommen, you know, is he dead? I'll turn off the question. who do you want dead right now? I'm gonna vote beyond ooh, I know. here's the question. it's been an interesting arc, because he survived this long. he's gone through some sort of redemption after we thought, you know, Jamie is a redemption, not Bianchi's. yeah, I didn't say, I just got tortured a bunch. but like, what is the aunts end game? you know, is he anything big left to contribute to the plot? no, I've got a quick answer though, for who I want still alive. I used to be my favorite character, Stannis, the manness, Stannis Baratheon. I think his plot line basically came to a pretty good end. but I kind of hoped in my, in my dreams, that he would fail at his entire war to win back, win the throne for himself, but then, like, would end up sticking around, you know, and contribute to this final war against the White Walkers and against surfy, and then just like be like, oh, I'm gonna go back to, I'm gonna go back up. well, I want to thank back from Australia and from Spain and Ireland, all of you are staying up super late or super early, or you're in Australia, for some reason it's 10:00 a.m. in here. for all of you out there who are watching with I really appreciate it. we're lucky enough that it's gonna be 6 p.m. when that's perfect time, you know, kalisto's, yeah, yeah. but we, we really want to thank you for joining us today. is there any last comments on game with her? something you're looking forward to from the first episode? something you want to see the first episode? besides boobs, don't say boobs, but both of you put boobs, yeah, you lose. I asked this question earlier. will there be any booze or sex in the final season here, or is everyone too busy? I think we're definitely, this is hi Vegas. odds we're gonna see Jon Snow's buddy. I hope so. one I would bet on. but, yeah, yeah, I hope there's more butt than boobs. yeah, yes. otherwise, I think, I think I would like to see, uh, I'd like to see Aria, just like, full confidence, murder someone. it'll be great. definitely want to see her. I do hope that this episode is not just a filler first episode. get everyone into place. I want some twists. I mean, they don't have any time your spirit, because I just found out we're for purses short of what I thought. there's only six episodes, not a full ten. also, does it really take actually, I actually don't think there might not be, because there's only six episodes. like where they get if there's gonna be a ton of HBO HBO is now taking the stance, no, you want to see boobs, go look at porn. yeah, they're like, come on, what this is now? yeah, yeah. well, thank you for everyone. thank you for our gentlemen here who have been on our panel. thank you for those who are in Germany and Morocco, Ireland, Spain, so cool across the world. is anyone watching from America? yeah, there's a few of us here in America. you know, it's probably much, probably our and so, yes, man recaps, you will be doing a recap for season 8? yes. oh, absolutely. and will there be a reaction video? because that was the next biggest question there is. I'm going to do, follow me on Instagram if you haven't yet. its. man recaps, I'm going to go live as soon as the episode ends, and I'm gonna be like initial reactions, you know, just like some quick stuff. then I'm gonna sit down on my computer tomorrow, and I'm gonna do like a good, you know, of episode one. I'm gonna do one for every episode of this season. it's gonna be sweet. I'm gonna break down everything for thank you. thank you for having a Vince and I on man recaps. you guys are great or not. we're not the record recapping. and we don't know much about Game of Thrones or Mentos. so there's that in the game of thrones, earn or die. yeah, that's fine. well, thank you from Jersey, New York, across the world. we really appreciate it. and we will see you guys soon. so thank you so much. oh, but we don't know how to end it out, so I'm just gonna do this weird thing where 