now cain is someone who's going to be back working with the tardis, but more than just with his family. he's going to be working with mecca, the new connect as we saw during multiple scenes in this trailer. and there's going to be a hell of a lot of gunfire, a lot of action and a lot more of the streets. and kane is definitely going to be catching a lot more bodies this season, that's for sure. so we're going to look at kane being back in with the tahardas and teaming up with mecca, but how this could change the dynamics if and when lorenzo is released from prison as well. because this whole tardis split that's been teased in lorenzo's character description will change completely if he does get released. but we're gonna look at braden and his loyalty as well, after he told us that he loved it when he was out on the corners in season one. and by the looks of this trailer for season two, he really is gonna be in the game a lot more this coming season. and i think in more ways than one. we saw him finding out that jabari is dead, and he's not stupid, he'll know that tariq and kane are involved, as well as being battered and bruised. so he's definitely been in a fight of some sort, and gonna be in the game a lot more this season. and whether we could see him dropping his first body in powerbook 2 ghost, this is one of the questions that we're going to answer later on in this video. so we're going to be talking all things brayden in the second part of this video, as well as some of the comments from the actors that they've teased from what's coming from their characters. but of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, do remember to smash the subscribe button if you don't see everything powerbook 2 ghost and power universe related. but let's start with kane and what we're going to see from him. and after the trailer was released, deadline released some more news on what we can expect with this character and on kane in two weeks relationship. they said, tariq is desperately playing all his cards right now, desperately trying to figure out a way out of this mess. he's lying to both monet and kane, both who would kill him with little hesitation. and avid watchers will know that kane is more widely with his pistol than his mom, and he's got a lot more to lose. and this definitely backs up with what we saw in the trailer with kane. we saw him off the leash, and with tariq, he told him that he definitely doesn't want to go down for all this that's going down our stance field with jabari. and tariq told him, don't worry, he's got everything under control. but as the article from deadline told us, kane is someone who is definitely not afraid to kill those who are a threat to him, because he definitely won't go down easily, and he definitely won't go down without a fight. the way they portrayed his character in season one, when he had his back against the wall, when him and drew were being chased by a cop after he popped off our little gop's place, told us everything we need to know about who kane is and what he's willing to do to protect himself and his family. he's described his character going into season two as someone who puts his family first, even if it means shooting a cop, or killing tariq if it means staying our prison, which we all know. he ain't gonna kill tariq, of course, but he'll do anything to protect himself and his family. although in season one he didn't exactly portray himself as someone who's family first when guap attacked zeke, who's the most prized asset for the taharis because he's their way out of the game. and instead of killing guap, like drew told him to do, he kept him alive for his own benefit. he was then kicked out by monet because of him ordering the hit on tariq, which put zeke in danger in the first place. and he even killed ramirez in a rage, just proving monet's point with her throwing him out in the first place. and he's definitely gonna have a lot of convincing to do in season two to prove that he's family first, especially with drew and diana. cain can be very reckless at times, just like when he killed ramirez, and we'll probably see a few reckless moves from him, because that's the nature of his character. but i do hope to see him being a bit more over control this coming season as he's given a second chance with monet and working with mecca too. and he really will be a savage this season. the actor who plays monet teased his character a while back, saying, kane is off the chain. he's a real savage. moon is not afraid of him, but everybody else is. and throughout this trailer, we saw multiple scenes where kane was locked and loaded and ready for a gunfight. and he's someone, as we know, is not afraid to pull the trigger. so i do think he's going to be someone who catches a lot of bodies over the coming season. and someone he should have dropped was let go up, and he may realize that he should have killed him after guap causes more chaos for the tahardas. so this is someone he could very well come up against at some point in season two. but we also saw a little bit of how mecca fits into all of this as well. the teaser that was released about a month or so ago showed us this image where cain was putting his knife on this unknown character with mecca, who gives him the knife and touch him to gut this person open, whoever this is. so we're gonna see kane working with mecca closely when it comes to their business, when it comes to their battles in the streets, and when it comes to their family as well, because mecca is going to be in bed with monet. from his character description, we've learned that he has a plan for the taharis beyond the game. so he's got another motive for the tardis all together. but we don't know where his end game is just yet for the tardis. and i'm sure as the season starts to unravel, we start to learn more about who he is, what connection he had with the tahardas apart from what we know from the trailer and his character description. for example, could he be connected with lorenzo, such as being his brother? because they do look very similar. and with lorenzo, for someone who's been up to a series regular for season two, i was actually surprised we never got more from him in the trailer. there was literally just one very small, quick scene where we saw lorenzo, which was this. but i do think they're keeping us waiting for what's to come for his character. and i don't think they want to give too much away, because i still think he's going to be released at some point this season. and it's going to shift the dynamics for the tada family because, as i said, he's been up to a series regular. and how much of a role can you really play as a series regular in prison? so it's definitely going to shift the dynamics for kane as well, because keynes back in working with the tardis and working with mecca. but what's going to happen if and when lorenzo is released? are we going to see a battle of lorenzo versus mecca in the streets for control? because you can bet that lorenzo won't be happy that mecca's showing money a different side of the world and having a different vision plan for the tahara family beyond their family business. lorenzo is someone who likes to run things his way, just like how we told moani to go and get kane back on side, because they need him back. we're going to see monet accepting kane back into the family very early on, and how he wants drew to take over the family business and not kane. but how lorenzo is going to react to losing control over his family? that's something that's not going to go down? well, it's going to be a battle we're definitely going to see, in my opinion, at some point. and it may not be something we see until the end of season 2. and i can see them building this up into season 3, where we could see a war between lorenzo and mecca. but sticking with kane for a moment and coming to braden, this is a team i do think we'll see, and something that i think they've already foreshadowed in the first season with what we saw from them in episode 6. kane took both braeden and his brother trace when he came looking for tariq. he threw them both on a corner reach. and kane knows that brayden is someone who's able to handle himself. and you could tell he definitely took a liking to braden. so i do think we'll see kane and braden working together at some point in season two. so brayden is definitely gonna be in the game a lot more in this season, as a few of the quick flashes in the trailer shoulders. but will braden catch his first body in power? that's the question i asked at the beginning of this video. now i really wouldn't be too disappointed if he didn't, because i do think we're going to see a lot of character development from him this season, especially because he's someone who relishes being in the game, and he wants to carve out his own path rather than have his parents give him one. just like he said to tariq, he earned this money. it was his not his parents. and i made reference to him having to take his own brother out a year ago to prove his loyalty to possibly kane or tariq. and the promo images now being released soon after the trailer aired, had braydon's face with the word loyalty. so i do think loyalty is going to be big with braden this season. for example, will he remain loyal to tariq and effie, possibly kanan the tardis too? and how will he show this loyalty in tough situations that he's going to face in the streets? for example, if his brother tres can't keep his master and cain asked him to deal with his brother wherever was braden's loyalty lie at that moment and traces one of my death predictions going into season two of power because i think he's someone who likes zeke, we struggle to keep his mouth shut when he's put under pressure. he's not built for the streets, and he's definitely not built for the game. so he'll definitely be a problem for the tardis and tariq. and if he's a problem for them, then he's a problem for braden too. and i still think there's every chance that braden could be tasked with taking out his own brother from someone like kane to show his loyalty. but that's just a rundown with what we saw from kane and braden in the trailer, with how we're gonna see him cash in a few bodies this season, as expected, his team up with mecca and the dilemma if lorenzo is released from prison. so drop all your thoughts on kane working with mecca and his character going into season two. and drop your predictions for braden, and how do you think he's gonna handle being involved in the streets a lot more in season two as well? drop all your thoughts and predictions down below. and of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, remember to smash the subscribe button if you don't see everything powerbook 2, ghost and power universe related. but as always, thank you guys for watching. and i'll see you next time. 