free. high school friends gain super powers after making an incredible discovery underground. welcome to total recaps. today we will explain a 2012 action sci-fi title, chronicle. take a seat and enjoy. andrew is an outsider with only few friends. tired of his father's violence, he decides to purchase a camera as a deterrent for him. later, andrew's best buddy, matt, picks him up and drives him to school. andrew spends some time filming his school. he is then teased by several adolescents who harass him and take his camera away. matt asks andrew to a party on the way home, but andrew refuses. matt is eager about getting andrew to come, so andrew hesitantly accepts the offer. in the end, andrew is looking through his recording at home when his father, richard walks in. richard slaps andrew and yells furiously at him, harassing him for no good reason. later at the party, andrew takes video of the party. he then notices casey, a girl who also keeps a vlog of her daily activities. when a man accuses andrew of recording his girlfriend, andrew finds himself in hot water. andrew exits the party and cleans the dirt off his camera. he is then approached by steve, the popular student who is running for class president, who asks him to join him in his pals steve informs andrew that he and matt have discovered something in the woods, in request that andrew record what they have uncovered. andrew meets steve at a hole in the center of a clearing, and the two of them get there. they dig further down the hole and come upon a cavern with a huge shining crystal. it begins to buzz, and everything begins to shake before becoming dark. later after the weird incident, they can be seen in a backyard throwing baseballs. matt then tosses the ball towards andrew, who uses his thoughts to stop the ball in mid-flight. andrew's nose begins to bleed, so he drops it. the three then walk inside and play with lego pieces, levitating them without touching them. the strange stone seems to have endowed them with the ability of telekinesis. they decide to return to the hole later, only to discover that it has been completely filled up with soil. authorities also come and order the lads to leave the area. andrew experiments levitating his camera. at home, he overhears his father pleading for additional medical help for his mother, karen, on the phone. andrew takes his sick mother, karen for a walk in the harbor the following day, and the two have a wonderful day together. later, the lads are outdoors again, this time tossing stones at a lake to test their abilities. andrew then inquires as to whether he believes they can accomplish more with their abilities. matt theorizes that their strength is comparable to a muscle that has to be improved in order to get stronger. to increase their strength, he recommends a gradual approach. they all start playing with people and doing innocent pranks on them. andrew makes a shopping cart roll away. steve terrifies a kid by levitating a plush animal. and matte whacks a person. andrew attempts stabbing matt with a fork in a restaurant to demonstrate how their abilities may defend them from various items. andrew then imitates the virgin mary on his pancake pate, frightening one of the servers. steve then attempts to prank a lady in the parking lot. he skillfully relocates her vehicle to a new parking space. his nose begins to bleed heavily, but he insists that he is okay. when the lady reappears, they all laugh at her perplexity. they're driving home later, when a truck behind them begins honking. andrew jumps in with the intention of making the pickup truck swerve a bit, but he messes up, sending the vehicle down into the river. steve jumps into the water to rescue the driver, and the guys run out to assist, as matt speaks down to andrew, claiming he's placed someone in severe danger. andrew seems very upset. matt claims that their abilities are becoming more powerful and difficult to manage, and he offers guidelines for applying them. they meet up with steve the next day in a dump and discover that he is levitating above them. he urges them to give it a go. the lads are afterwards seen flying into the sky. they all soar across the sky at breakneck speeds, passing each other. andrew flies in to rescue steve after he is knocked unconscious, he slows them down seconds before they strike the earth, and they both walk away unharmed. they plan to take a vacation across the globe the following day at school, flying to their favorite locations. andrew says he wants to travel to tibet because it is beautiful and peaceful. and steve wants to go to hawaii. andrew and steve are hanging out on top of a skyscraper, and steve then suggests that they participate in the school talent competition, promising andrew that he would assist him with his performance. matt is manning the camera at the talent competition, when he runs across casey, who is also filming the event. on stage, steve and andrew perform their magic act. andrew's telekinetic talents make the illusions and tricks seem like child's play. the two put on a fantastic performance, with their peers and classmates applauding them on the whole time. matt and andrew then go to a home party where they are greeted by everyone. andrew finally gets a taste of what it's like to be recognized and loved at the party, andrew meets a girl and later pukes all over her in the bedroom. andrew plays with a spider the next day before making it hover and breaking it into bits. richard next seems to be searching around andrew's room when he notices the camera. richard then confronts andrew over wasting money on a camera, despite barely having enough money to pay for his mother's medicines. richard then assaults andrew, holding him down. but andrew fights back, overpowering richard with his abilities. andrew informs him that if he wants to, he can crush him. meanwhile, matt is with casey when his nose begins to bleed, despite the fact that he hasn't utilized his abilities. at the evening, steve approaches andrew high above the ground. they get into fight because of andrew's attitude, and then suddenly, a lightning strikes steve. then we can see the company attending the funeral, but steve is nowhere to be found. it was his funeral. he was killed in a lightning strike. after the ceremony, matt confronts andrew about what happened to steve, inquiring as to how he was hit by lightning when no lightning strikes were documented. andrew refuses to reveal the truth, despite matt's orders. after that, andrew returns to school where he is mocked for vomiting during the party. he's also teased by the bully who pretends to puke. andrew loses his temper and pulls out bully's teeth. andrew discusses evolution and the theory of an apex predator with his camera in a junkyard. he discusses how predators do not feel guilty when they kill their prey, just as people do not feel guilty when they stomp on ants or crush flies and mosquitoes. after that, he effortlessly smashes a vehicle behind him. later, matt rushes into andrew's room, eager to learn about the bully incident at school. he emphasizes they have become too strong for their own good. matt then tells andrew that if he continues to hurt others, he will have to intervene. they get into a fight, and matt throws a punch, which andrew catches. matt then quickly departs. andrew goes to the drug store to buy additional medicine for his mother. but the pharmacist informs him that he lacks the money. he then dresses up his father's old firemen uniform and sets out to extort money from others. he starts with the guys on his block, who make fun of him all the time. he knocks them all out and grabs their money in a matter of seconds. he then goes to a petrol station and takes the whole cash register armed with a shotgun. the cashier follows him, and the shotgun accidentally fires and starts an explosion. andrew becomes engulfed in flames and loses consciousness. richard is called after andrew is admitted to the hospital, and he walks into andrew's room and begins to weep. he informs andrew his mother has died. he then blames andrew for her death, claiming that if he hadn't been searching for andrew, she would not have died. he begins yelling at andrew, demanding an apology for karen's death. andrew eventually wakes up, after hearing his screams get louder, smashing a hole through the hospital wall. meanwhile, matt sees a tv story about an explosion at the hospital and instantly realizes something is wrong with andrew. when he and casey arrive at the hospital, andrew is seen torturing richard. they get back inside the vehicle, but andrew spots them and lifts them to the space needle. fortunately, matt saves casey's life. matt flies up to andrew, attempting to persuade him to stop. andrew claims he has always been mistreated and now is his opportunity to avenge himself for all that has happened to him. andrew and matt get into a fight and are tossed throughout the city. matt continues to try to persuade andrew to stop, but the cops are closing up on them. matt begs andrew not to harm the police, but andrew has gone too far. matt approaches andrew from behind, aiming a steel spear at him, before impaling him in the chest. after some time has passed, matt is seen flying over tibet. he is talking to a camera, saying goodbye to andrew. thank you for watching. if you want to see more, make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications. see you later. 