[Music]. [Applause]. Terry Benedict locates all 11 members of Danny ocean's gang, demanding they return the hundred and sixty million dollars they stole from his casinos, plus thirty eight million dollars, interest short by half. the group schemes to stage another heist in Europe to avoid problems with the United States authorities. they are tipped off by an informant named Matsui about the location of the first stock certificate. ever after a complex series of schemes, they find the document has already been stolen by the night fox, another master thief. Europol detective Isabel Lahiri is called in to investigate the theft. she realizes that she gave rusty the idea of how to solve a complication of the heist with a description of a similar burglary earlier during their relationship. surprising the group at their accommodation, she warns them that they cannot beat the night fox or his mentor the mysterious master thief, Lamacq, both of whom excel in practicing the long con. she has been hunting both for years. Danny and his gang discovered the night Fox is francois to lure a wealthy baron who has a mansion on lake como to lure and bites Danny to his mansion and reveals that he had hired Matsui to inform the gang about the certificate in order to arrange the meeting with Danny to lure is upset that Lamarck did not describe him as the best thief in the world, and challenges Danny to steal the Faberge Imperial coronation egg. if Danny and his gang win, too low will pay off the debt to Benedict. Danny and his gang begin to plan an elaborate heist to swap the egg for a holographic recreation, but the engineer hired by the group accidentally tips off Lahiri to their presence, and she captures most of the gang on their first attempt. Linus comes up with a second plan involving Danny's wife, Tess, posing as a pregnant Julia Roberts, in order to get close to the egg and swap it. they are foiled by Lahiri and a coincidentally present Bruce Willis and the rest of the group are captured. Lahiri is told that they are to be extradited to the United States. Linus is chosen first to be interrogated by the FBI agent assigned to collect them. it turns out that she is his mother who organizes the release of the whole gang. she points out to Lahiri that Lahiri will face only retribution for forging a signature on a Europol form to obtain the necessary arrest warrants for ocean's gang. sometime later, Danny and tests returned to lers estate, where he reveals his glee at their failure to lure, claims to have stolen the egg at night, using his agility and martial arts skills to evade the heavy security to allure. celebration is short-lived when Danny Ravi his group stole the egg while it was in transit to the museum and to lure, realizes they were tipped off by Lamarck. a flashback reveals that Danny and rusty had met Lamarck earlier, when he revealed his confidence trick intended to humiliate tular and at the same time to restore to himself the Faberge egg that he had stolen years ago. and then returned following his wife's wishes. tiller is forced to admit Danny won the bet and gives him the money for the debt. they pay back Benedict and promised not to perform any more heist in his casinos, even as to allure himself is in the background, spying on Benedict. rusty takes Lahiri to a safe house that he claims has been led to him by Lamarck. she is reunited with her father, who was revealed to be the man she has been pursuing for years. Lamarque, [Music], you 