are you doing there? or Threepio, taking one last look. sir as, my friends. Star Wars, Episode nine, the rise of Skywalker, is meant to be an end of the Skywalker saga, the combination of 11 films, 186 TV episodes and countless comics, novels and video games. if you don't have time to binge all of that, or if you just want to take a trip down memory lane, and I am here for you. I've basically been explaining Star Wars to people since I was six. so here we go. big spoilers for the entire Star Wars saga are ahead. the story takes place a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away. humans and aliens from thousands of planets use space ships that travel through hyperspace. most of these worlds are part of a galactic Republic that has its headquarters here on Khorasan. the entire planet is one big city. the Republic doesn't have a standing army or Navy, but it is policed by an order of space wizards called the Jedi Knights. the Jedi derive their power from the force. what's the force, you ask? it's an energy field created by all living Z the force gives them all sorts of powers like mind control, mind-reading, telekinesis, precognition and lots of stuff that we've never even seen yet. the Jedi use laser swords called light sabers. it can cut through almost anything and deflect blaster bolts. but things aren't going so well into Republic because greedy special interest types like the Trade Federation actually control the government. they're run by the gnome audience, who talk like this, we wouldn't never do anything without the approval of the Senate. now it turns out they're under the control of a Sith Lord called Darth Sidious. now what's a Sith they're like evil Jedi, except they use a dog side of the force. Sidious orders the Federation to kill two Jedi negotiators and invade planet Naboo with a droid army. the Jedi qui-gon jinn and his Padawan apprentice, obi-wan Kenobi, escape and meet a frogman named Jar Jar Binks, who talks like a Rastafarian Roger Rabbit. they rescued Queen Amidala with the help of a resourceful droid named r2d2. they stopped on a desert world called Tatooine for repairs, where they made a racecar driving slave named Anakin. Skywalker. qui-gon figures out that Anakin is strong with the force, like, stronger than anyone ever. so they win his freedom and have to leave his mom behind. and they don't come back for his mom later, because, anyways, Anakin makes friendly with Amidala handmaiden, Padme for you too. they run into darth sidious as apprentice Darth Maul. and the Jedi are all like, oh my god, what the actual because that thing, the Sith have been dead for a thousand years. they arrive on Coruscant and are greeted by Senator Palpatine, who's also from Naboo. our people are dying. senator qui-gon takes Anakin to meet the Jedi Council, who are led by Jedi Master Yoda. here is the path to the dark side, and mace windu wide ain't no planet I ever heard of. they speak bocce on what? everyone agrees that Anakin is so powerful that he might actually be the chosen one who's going to bring balance to the force. meanwhile, Amidala calls for a new election, and wouldn't you know it. Palpatine becomes the new president of space. they will be Chancellor. so they go back to Naboo, where Amidala reveals, surprise, that she was actually her handmaiden, Padme, all along. what? and there's a big battle, which Anakin basically wins. accidentally, Darth Maul kills qui-gon, but then obi-wan cuts him in Twain. so now Obi Wan's gonna train Anakin. and the Frog people throw a Mardi Gras. fast-forward 10 years, and there's trouble brewing. a Jedi named Count Dooku has left the order, informed a separatist government, the Confederacy of Independent Systems who have their own droid army. Padme is now a senator in by the way, so is Jar Jar I. so at some point the past 10 years, this guy ran a successful campaign to represent the entire planet in space government. well, he is a veteran. Padme survives two assassination attempts. so she goes into hiding, protected by teenage Anakin, and he's in love with her, even though that's against the Jedi Code. you're studying to become a Jedi. I'm, I'm a senator. meanwhile, the council since obi-wan to investigate the assassinations, which lead him to a planet called Kamino. there he finds out, surprise, there's a secret army of the Republic made up of clones. now, these are the clones of a bounty hunter named Jango Fett, who wear super-strong Mandalorian armor. more of the Mandalorians in just a bit. meanwhile, Anakin and Padme play in the grass. they talk about politics and they kiss, until Padme pumps the brakes. [Music]. Anakin has been having bad dreams about his mom dying, so they go back to Tatooine, where, sure enough, dead mom. he kills an entire village of San people, then brags about it to his new girlfriend, and I slaughtered them like animals. and then she's all like, oh, my poor little murderer. I love you. meanwhile, obi-wan has been captured by Count Dooku. Anakin and Padme go to rescue him, and they bring along a protocol droid named c-3po, who anakin built when he was a kid. thank you. back on course, on Jar, Jar proposes to give Palpatine emergency military powers so they can cut through the crap and use the Clone Army. there's a big battle on Geonosis between the separatists and the Republic, with the Jedi assuming leadership of the Clone Army. during the fight, Jango Fett is killed, but his clones son, Boba Fett, takes over his armor. Dooku cuts off Anakin's arm and fight she Oded to a standstill before escaping. but now things are getting serious begun. the club has Duke who delivers plans for a superweapon to Darth Sidious back on Khorasan. while Anakin and Padme are married in secret. alright. now on to the Clone Wars. Anakin has become a full-fledged Jedi and takes on a Padawan apprentice of his own, a young woman named ahsoka tano. I'm the one with enthusiasm. you're the one with the experience, which I'm looking forward to learning from. all right, so battles between clones and droids are raging across the galaxy. the separatist forces are led by General Grievous, a half alien, half droid, who lightsaber fights with forearms. on planet Ryloth, the Republic teams at the local freedom fighter named kam syndulla to fight the separatists off the planet. on Mon Cala, the Jedi help young king lee-char and his advisor, Akbar, to prevent a civil war and kick the droids off the planet. a senator from Alderaan named Bail Organa befriends Padme, who's still secretly married to Anakin. and during a rescue mission, Anakin forms a mutual respect for a military officer named Tarkin. Jango Fett's home planet, Mandalore has stayed neutral in the war. they're led by Duchess Satine, who had her own forbidden love with obi-wan. odd you said the word, I would have left the Jedi Order. they're fighting off a terrorist group of Mandalorians called Death Watch, who want to make the planet violence again. during this time, it's revealed that Darth Maul survived as having and has been alive all along. why he fights to take control of Mandalore and then consolidate several crime syndicates fiendish, I must have read an English but he mostly wants revenge on Darth Sidious and obi-wan. Sidious kicks his ass, and Darth Maul kills Obi Wan's true love, Duchess Satine. so with every battle. the Jedi began to lose their way. the fog of war Falls and makes them less keepers of the peace and more soldiers. one Jedi is even expelled from the order for war crimes. so kitano meanwhile grows to be a great warrior. but she's framed for murder, and the Jedi Council imprison her, though she's proved innocent. she's disillusioned and leaves the Jedi Order. I understand wanting to walk away from the order. I know now this leaves Anakin resentful of the Jedi Council. meanwhile, the Senate keeps amending the Constitution to give Palpatine more power. the separatists are on the ropes, but the war drags on. the Senate will vote to continue the war as long as Grievous is alive. Grievous kidnaps Palpatine, but is rescued by Anakin and obi-wan. while obi-wan has passed out, the Chancellor gives Anakin some advice, kill him. and he cuts off Dooku's head with two lightsabers, one blue and one red. is that symbolic? afterwards, Yoda leaves to fight droids on Kashyyyk, a planet full of giant eight people called wookies, while obi-wan runs off to kill Grievous. and then the war. then Padme drops this bomb on Anakin. what? then he starts having nightmares about his wife dying in childbirth. so then Anakin goes to the Opera with Palpatine, who tells him about a Sith Lord who knew the secret to immortality. he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. man, Anakin figures out the truth, you're the symbol. what? now? mace Windu and a few redshirt Jedi go to arrest the Chancellor, but Anakin turns heel and joins the Syst Anakin is now Darth Vader, and he helps Palpatine purge all the Jedi. Anakin goes to the temple and murders a few Jedi kids. kids. yeah, he murders kids. he just go straight to child murder. well, yeah, that's because he's evil. now, look, can you leave? I'm trying to do this and you're really throwing me off. Thanks. meanwhile, obi-wan kills Grievous and wins the war. but the Emperor's enacted order 66, which activates a chip in the clones heads and tells them to kill Jedi. obi-wan and Yoda escape the PIRs, the latter with the help of a kind Wookiee named Chewbacca. meanwhile, Palpatine uses the Jedi attack as an excuse to form with himself as the emperor. Padme and her friend Bail Organa are not happy about this. Yoda and obi-wan split up to fight the two Sith Lords. Obi once throws away on Padme ship, making Anakin think that she betrayed him. the Emperor defeats Yoda, literally collapsing the institution of democracy around him. is that symbolic. obi-wan cuts off the rest of Anakin's limbs before letting him burn like a marshmallow. [Music]. later, Padme gives birth to twins and dies of a broken heart. her last words are, Darth Vader is placed inside a droid suit that helps him breathe. he asked where Padme is, and the Emperor tells him, you killed so then Vader is all like the twins are split up to protect them from Vader. Leia is adopted by Bail Organa on Alderaan, while Luke goes to live with this step-uncle on Tatooine. well, obi-wan lives nearby to keep an eye on him. meanwhile, Anakin, the Emperor and Tarkin begin construction on their new super weapon. it was in part designed by a scientist named Galen or. so he tried to leave the project, but was kidnapped by the Empire. his daughter, Jenner, so was taken him by a clone wars veteran named Sal Guerrera, who raised her to be a warrior. now, meanwhile, on planet Corellia, a young indentured servant named Han is trying to escape the planet with his girlfriend Kira. he gets off planet by joining the Imperial military, who give him the last name Solo. now, while he's in the brig he meets our old friend, Chewbacca. the two become best friends and join a heist group. but then they get in Hawk to a gangster syndicate called crimson dawn, where Kira now works. what? so they gotta steal some space gasoline to pay off crimson dawn. so they recruit a smooth-talking gambler named Lando Calrissian to help them. and it's implied that he looks a robot how that works. plan to ship the Millennium Falcon, is the fastest in the galaxy. they narrowly escaped the Empire. there's a few double-crosses. they killed a vision of woody harrelson, and han helps out some rebels, but doesn't join them. he wins the Falcon from Lando in a card game, so now he and Chewie can have adventures together. but Kira stays in the crime game. but it turns out that her boss has been Darth Maul all along. what? now, over the coming years, there's a lot of discontent toward the Empire. small groups have started to resist locally. on one planet called loathe all, a small band of rebels upsets the Empire with small raids. their leader is Harrison Dula, daughter of Clone Wars freedom fighter cam syndulla. and there's also Kanan, a former Jedi Padawan who escaped her there's Zeb chopper and a Mandalorian highborn named Sabine. they're joined by Ezra, who's kind of a street rat. but Kanan realizes Ezra stronger the force and trains him to be a Jedi. gradually, they come into contact with other rebel cells, led by Bail Organa his adopted daughter, Leia and ahsoka tano. they formed the Alliance to restore the Republic, which is often just called the Rebel Alliance. Vader nearly kills ahsoka in a duel, before Ezra saves her with time travel. he does this by accessing a place called the world between worlds, which I think might be in the rise of Skywalker, kind of over the years, they meet Darth Maul, who tries to tempt Ezra to the dark side, but dies in a final duel with an elderly obi-wan. Sabine helps her family unite the houses of Mandalore, and Hera helps organize the rebellion on a larger scale, recruiting Imperial pilots like wedge antilles and finding ships like the x-wing Starfighter. eventually, Kanan dies and Hera has his baby. Ezra disappears, taking a huge Imperial fleet with him, freeing his planet from the Empire. then Sabine and ahsoka tano leave to go find him. you know, somewhere around this time, the Empire took over Mandalore from the separatists and implemented the great purge. they stole best car, the metal that makes Mandalorian armor enforced many Mandalorians into exile. afterwards, many of them became radicalized warriors and swore to never remove their helmets. this is the way. [Music]. meanwhile, this fledgling rebellion has become worried about the Empire's new superweapon. they cool it the desta supervising its construction or Orson Critic and our old pal Tarkin, who's now a Grand Moff, this thing can actually blow up entire planets. so the rebels recruit gen or so, and she decides to rescue her dad from the Empire. she joins up with a ragtag group of unlikely heroes called rogue one. they catch up to her dad, who tells them where to find the Death Star plans, and that the super weapon has a weakness that he built into the design to make it easy to destroy. so now the rebellion, under leadership of former senators Bail Organa and Mon Mothma, staged an attack on planets careth to recover the plans. it's the first major victory against the Empire. but unfortunately, gen and all the rest of her team are killed, along with cranek. the stolen plants got on board a small cruiser and are handed off to Princess Leia. Darth Vader is unable to retrieve them, despite being a stone-cold badass in a hallway fight. laya, following instructions from her dad, goes to Tatooine to recruit obi-wan Kenobi. but she's been captured by the Imperials. so she puts the Death Star plans inside r2d2, who escapes to the planet with c-3po. Darth Vader captures Leia and brings her back to the Death Star. meanwhile, the droids are captured by scavengers called Jawas and sold to Owen and Beru Lars, who just happened to be raising young Luke Skywalker. Lucas Restless and wants to leave the farm. and if these new droids do work out, I want to transmit my application to the Academy this year. but his uncle won't allow it, even though the Academy next year. but still, he dreams of a life somewhere beyond his twin desert Suns. he discovers lay his hidden message inside r2. so they find the Jedi Master who's called himself been for years and after just 17 years, has aged like an avocado. Ben tells Luke about the force, and the Jedi and his father peppered in with a few half-truths. a young Jedi named Darth Vader. he betrayed a mojo father. after Imperial Stormtroopers killed Luke's family, he decides to help obi-wan and go to otter on in a spaceport bar. they meet her old friend Han Solo, still smuggling with Chewbacca. no, han is in deep to the gangster Jabba the Hutt, so he agrees to take them to Alderaan in the Millennium Falcon for a large fee. and yeah, about Alderaan, the Death Star blew it up. what? and now the Imperials are going to kill Leia. the heroes enter the Death Star and rescue Leia, who's got a lot of sass at his handy with the blaster. somebody get this big walking carpet out of my way. obi-wan confronts Vader, but wills himself to be part of the force before dying. this allows the heroes to escape and bring the plans back to the rebellion, where they find the Death Star's fatal flaw. the rebels fly into battle as the Death Star closes in on their base. Luke joins the fight, along with wedge antilles and a lot of people who just died. Darth Vader uses an imperial ship called a TIE fighter to destroy almost every rebel fighter, until Han shows up with a quick rescue. Luke turns off his targeting computer and trusts in the force to guide him. he blows up the Death Star, killing everyone except Vader, who escaped in his ship. Vader could feel that the pilot who destroyed the Death Star had special abilities, so he does some investigating and finds out that his last name was Skywalker. and then he realizes that this is his son. he didn't actually kill Padme, and the emperor has been lying to him all along. what so he plans to recruit Luke to be his apprentice so the two of them can overthrow the Emperor. so about three years go by, and the rebellion is hiding their base on an ice planet called Hoth. han is still with them, but he's about to leave and pay off Jabba the Hutt. but then the Empire attacks, and the rebels barely get away. Han Leia, Chewbacca and the droids engage in a cat-and-mouse game of chase that almost results in some hanky-panky. [Applause]. [Music]. Vader is chasing them down, looking for Luke, and even hires Boba Fett, who's all grown up now. Luke, meanwhile, is training with Yoda on a swamp planet. and his force powers are but, they, but, they good, but not as good as yoga's. but then he has a vision of han and Leia in trouble, and he cuts his training short, despite warnings from Obi Wan's ghost. meanwhile, the other heroes are fixing their ship on Cloud City, which is run by Hans old friend, Lando, who it turns out was working for the Empire all along. what? they freeze Han Solo and hand him over to Boba Fett. so Luke shows up, Vader kicks his ass, cuts off his hand and tells him that he's been his father all along. what weird. he knew that we could move, but galaxy's father, I'm sorry. so Luke is all like, you're not my real dad. and then Lando turns babyface and helps them escape. the rebels are pushed out of the galaxy completely. but live to fight another day. now let's go back to Tatooine, to the palace of the vile gangster Jabba the Hutt. job has got it all, a band a stripper and a big monster to eat the stripper. the rebels infiltrate his base to free Han, but the plan backfires and they're all captured. now this space pirate is going to make the block, the plank into a monster that looks like a butt with teeth. but then Luke shows off all of his badass new force abilities. Leia strangles Jabba artoo, electrocutes a monkey lizard Boba Fett falls into the butt with teeth, and the rebels get away. Luke goes back to the swamp to washio to die. and obi-wan tells him that Leia is his sister. they wanted to fight Vader, but Luke says, can't kill my own father. I mean, while the rebels learn the Empire is building a new Death Star. so our heroes go to the forest moon of Endor to blow up its shield generator. they raise spikes and make friends with teddy bears called a walks. Luke tries to turn Vader to the good side with that plan backfires. Vader takes him to the Emperor, who reveals that he set a trap for the rebellion. Lando shows up with Akbar commanding the rebel fleet. soon they realize it's a huge battle begins in space on Endor, but the teddy bears join in the fight. and between Luke and Vader, Luke almost turns to the dark side, before realizing, as we all do one day, that he's turning into his father. so he rejects this path. I am a Jedi, like my father before me. the emperor responds by electrocuting him, until vader has a change of heart and betrays the emperor. invaders final moments, he thanks Luke for believing in him. Han blows up the show generator. Lando and wedge destroyed the Death Star. and across the galaxy, people celebrate the defeat of the evil Galactic Empire. Luke holds a small, intimate service for his father, then joins the celebration with the teddy bears and the ghost of his mentor's then it turns out that the emperor put a kill switch on the Empire called operation center. basically, if the Empire couldn't protect its Emperor, then it's not worth having. the Imperial fleet begins destroying planets before they're finally defeated at the battle of jakku. then a government called the new republic is formed on the outer rim of the galaxy. Imperial warlords fight for control of the Empire straps. a Mandalorian bounty hunter faces off with these remnants to save a young lane of Yoda's race, who is also strong with the force. the New Republic disbands 90% of its military so they won't end up a dictatorship like the Empire. Leia goes into politics, marries Han and has a son named Ben. Luke trains Ben in the ways of the force forces John. now Leia is worried about a new military group called the first order, but no one else in the New Republic seems to care. so she leaves the Republic to start a shadow military group the resistance. this is composed of plucky, ragtag pilots from across the galaxy. they're led by poe dameron, the galaxy's best pilot since Luke Skywalker. the first order are led by an evil Cosi dressed force user named Snoke. Luke starts a new jedi school, but senses that Snoke is drawing Ben toward the dark side of the force. he's tempted to murder the kid, like father, like son. am i right? but then he changes his mind. but Ben turns anyways, kills the other students and runs off with a few of his friends. afterwards, Luke gives up and puts himself into exile. han and Leia split with Han going back to smuggling with Chewie. now, Ben calls himself kylo Ren, and he's a higher-up in the first order, along with an N cell named Huck's all right. so now it's 30 years after the Battle of Endor. kylo Ren is looking for a map to Luke Skywalker that Poe Dameron has hidden inside of a cute little droid named bb-8. the first order catches Po and jakku, but the droid escapes and is found by a scavenger named ray. poe escapes the first order with the help of a turncoat stormtrooper named Finn. they get separated, but then Fenn meets Rey, and they escaped the first order on the Millennium Falcon. Han and Chewie find them, and they go to a wise old pirate named kanata. ray finds Luke's old lightsaber and has crazy force visions because it turns out that she's force sensitive to this saber. take it now. meanwhile, the first order have built a new super weapon called Starkiller base, and they use it to take out the capital of the new republic. the first order attacks the castle, the resistance shows up, and Han is reunited with his estranged wife. but the first order kidnaps Rey. the resistance stage is a daring raid on the base, while Finn, Han and Chewie rescue Rey, kind of. I mean, she mostly rescues herself because she's so strong with the force, even though nobody's had to train or anything like that. that's not important right now. then kills Han, and then has an epic lightsaber fight with Rey, who, again, is just crazy strong with the force. their duel ends in a draw. poe destroy Starkiller base, and finn is very badly injured. rey uses the completed map to find Luke Skywalker and ask him to help the resistance. now the good guys are on the run, and the first order has an overwhelming advantage in numbers. the resistance flagship is badly damaged. nearly killing Leia, who saves herself with the force. but now she's in a coma. Finn makes friends with the technician named ROS and they catch a crazy plan to hack the first order ship. they travel to a planet filled with the worst scum in the galaxy, their richest 1%. there they recruit a codebreaker named DJ, who eventually betrayed them. Luke refuses to Train Rey and instead gives her lessons and why the Jedi need to be phased out. legacy of the Jedi is failure. but Ray's powers continue to grow. anyways, she reaches a connection with kylo Ren through the force, and the two of them headed off. if I continue, Ben solo will tongue. she decides that she can turn him to the good side. and sure enough, kylo double-crosses his master. he and Ray team up for a second before he tries to recruit her to the first order. and then he reveals that her parents were actually nobody all along. what Poe tries to pull a mutiny on hold. oh, but Leia stops him, and the cocksure pilot learns a lesson in long term strategizing. hodo sacrifices herself so the resistance can escape to a bunker on a salt planet. rosen finn joined the fight and do this. the first order traps the resistance. but then Luke Skywalker shows up to duel his nephew. but it turns out that Luke was actually forced projecting himself all along. see your rank. the heroes escape on the Millennium Falcon. and Rey has taken the sacred Jedi text that will allow her to further her training. now the resistance has learned from their failures and is ready to rebuild and face the first order. far away, Luke watches a twin sunset and becomes one with the force, mirroring the isolated young man who looked into the desert sky and dreamed of adventure. Wow. across the galaxy, the legend of Luke Skywalker and the resistance spreads as more children look to the stars and dream of a new hope. all right, guys, that's basically all of Star Wars. if you have any things that you think I should have left in, let me know in the comments below. and if it's your first time here, please subscribe for screen Crush. I'm Ryan Arry. [Music], 