welcome to the man of recaps. this is the Walking Dead, Season ten, episode 13. it's a Michonne episode. we haven't seen her since episode 8. before the break, she left on a boat to take the new guy they found, Virgil, back to his home Island, apparently some sort of Navy base. he claimed that they have a bunch of weapons there, including maybe some heavy ordnance, and if Michonne helped him get home, she can take it for the fight against the whisperers. Virgil is really dragging his feet though, stops to pick some flowers for his wife. turns out his wife is dead. oh yeah. his whole family's gone. he's kind of lost it. he's like, hey, while you're here, you want to use your zombie killing skills to help clear out this building of zombies so I can get my wife and kids and buried them? so Michelle goes through katana time. Virgil is no help at all. luckily, Michelle's like, don't worry, I got it. so they bury his family. Michelle's like, okay, now where these weapons at? he's like, well, it's getting dark. let's go in the morning. that night, though, Michonne decides to take a look around herself. Virgil comes behind her, and all locks are in. he's got some other prisoners next door. they talked through the wall. it's like, no, no, we were friends with Virgil. we were all in the community together. but long story short, like his family died and he went crazy. she eats the food he gave her, and when he comes back, he's like, hey, how are things looking? are you having a crazy drug trip? she has a vision of her past self. yeah, remember when we met her, she had her Sambi bodyguards. that was hardcore Michelle. she dreams up an alternate history where she didn't save Andrea, and so never joined our crew, and, in fact, later met up with negan and ended up joining the Savior's whoa alternate history. cool stuff. eventually, the drugs wear off, and Virgil's let his guard down, so she stabs him with a fork and escapes. but sadly, he did already burn the boat. so Michonne tackles him. his old friends are like, yeah, can we kill him please? the Michonne, who just had a bad trip where she was a villain, is like, no, let's show mercy. turns out there's no weapons here at all. he was, in fact, lying to her. they looked through his closet. he's like, this is what I got. I mean, you could take anything you want. what Michonne finds is a smelly, old pair of cowboy boots, which Shia hugs. oh, snap. those boots belonged to Rick Grimes. apparently they washed ashore from this other boat nearby. and Michonne goes exploring on it and finds an old cellphone with a picture of her and Judith itched into it. this is the first clue they've had in nine years as to what happened to Rick. what adventure has he been on, and why is their Japanese written on it? Michonne calls Judith on the radio and also talks to her and Rick's son, RJ Rick here. I've never mentioned it before because he hasn't done anything, but, yeah, remember she was pregnant, Turin did have a kid. anyway, this is apparently after alpha batting, cuz Judith's like, yeah, the whisperer threats done. we're all good here. so Michonne's like, oh, if you don't need me there right away, you know, I found a clue to where Rick might be. and Judith's like, yo, mom, will be fine here. you gotta go find him. so Michonne's off on a solo adventure to find Rick, complete with their two new zombie bodyguards. eventually they find some randos. they're like, hey, can you help us? my legs injured and like, our crew is leaving without us. turns out their crew is a massive caravan of people. what group is this? what do they come from? and where are they going? and is Rick with them? there's nothing announced yet, but in theory, there's gonna eventually be some sort of Rick's adventure spin-off movie or series or something. and looks like Michelle will be in that - trying to track him down. so get excited for that. this is, in fact, Michonne's final episode on The Walking Dead. end of an era. she's been amazing. gonna be weird without her. but this show just keeps going on. where does it go from here? find out next time on The Walking Dead. hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion. 