welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about perfect blue. mima kirago, a member of a mildly successful j-pop group named chum, decides to leave the group to become a full-time actress. she is joined by her longtime manager and former pop idol, rumi hadaka, and her agent, tadokoro. nima's first job is a minor role in a television detective drama called double bind. some of her fans are upset by her change in career and persona from a squeaky clean and innocent teen girl, including a terrifying looking male stalker who goes by the alias me mania. mima receives an anonymous fax calling her a traitor and even a letter bomb that injures toddokuro. following directions from a fan letter, mima discovers a website called mima's room, containing public diary entries written from her perspective and which accurately discuss her daily life and thoughts in intimate and exacting detail. mima confides in rumi about the site, but is advised to ignore it. todokoro lobbies the producers of double bind, and succeeds in securing mima a larger part. however, this involves her character being raped in a strip club. rumi is distressed by the scene and warns mima that it will irreversibly change her public image. but mima accepts the role despite her own misgivings. though it is apparent that mima tries her best and is treated professionally. the atmosphere and experience of filming the rape scene as traumatic. between the ongoing stresses of filming double bind, her lingering regret over leaving chum, her paranoia of being stalked and her increasing obsession with mima's room, mima begins to suffer from psychosis. in particular, struggling to distinguish real life from her work in show business, several people who had been involved in the so-called tarnishing of mima's reputation are murdered. mima finds evidence which makes her appear to be the prime suspect, and her mental instability makes her doubt her own memories and innocence. mima manages to finish shooting double bind, the final scene of which reveals that her character killed and assumed the identity of her beloved sister due to trauma-induced dissociative identity disorder. after the rest of the filming staff have left the studio, me mania attempts to kill her under emailed instructions from the real mema to eliminate the impostor. but mima knocks him unconscious with a hammer in self-defense and flees. me mania is murdered soon afterwards, tadokoro was also killed. [Music]. mima is found backstage by roomie and taken back to rumi's home, only to discover that roomie was the culprit behind mima's room the serial murders and the foley ader that manipulated and scapegoated me mania. sometime in the past, roomie developed a second personality who vicariously believed herself to be the real mima, her pure-hearted and forever young idol persona. using information from mima's confiding in her as the basis for nima's room roomies nema personality attempts to murder mima to preserve her pristine image forever. and following a chase through the city, mima incapacitates roomie in self-defense and saves her from being killed by an oncoming truck. much later, mima has become a well-known actress following the critical success of her performance. in double bind, she visits roomie, who is alive but lives in a psychiatric hospital with her nema. personality dominant. due to her fame, mima is mistaken as a lookalike by two nurses. however, mima confidentially proclaims to herself that she is the real thing. in the japanese version, this final line is delivered in rumi's voice. in the english dub it is delivered in mima's voice. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music]. you 