hi and welcome back to 10 minute movies, where we take cinematic masterpieces, and, more often, disasters, and cut them down into short, digestible videos. today we're taking a look at the third film in the James Bond franchise, Goldfinger. Goldfinger was released in 1964, a year after From Russia With Love. this time around, though, the producers opted for a different director, guy Hamilton. the film also features more of an all-star cast than From Russia With Love. Sean Connery returns as James Bond, supported by the likes of honor Blackman, Shirley Eaton and Gert Froebel, as well as Lois Maxwell, Bernard Lee and others returning as the mi6 stars. the combination of guy Hamilton's new approach to Bond, a talented cast and a film with nearly double the budget of his predecessor led to what is widely considered the greatest Bond film of all time. so without further ado, let's get into the plot. the film starts with a pre credit sequence. this follows agent James Bond on a mission to destroy a drug laboratory in Latin America. after infiltrating the plant, bond places plastic explosives on some handily placed barrels of very inflammable fuel. he detonates these, destroying the plant. we then fade into Miami Beach, Florida. bondas traveled to America for a holiday. while staying at the Fontainebleau Hotel, Bond meets CIA agent Felix. Leiter, writer gives Bond instructions from his superior M to keep tabs on boolean dealer, auric Goldfinger. we are then introduced to Goldfinger, played by Gert Ferber, a German actor who had so much difficulty with his English lines that his voice had to be dubbed in a studio during post-production. Goldfinger is there to meet with mr. Simmons, whom he plays a daily game of gin rummy with. Leiter informs pawn that Goldfinger has been thrashing Simmons all week. bond therefore deduces the Goldfinger must be cheating. he goes inside to find Goldfinger's room, and there he discovers Jill Masterton, Goldfinger's employee, who's been spying on Simmons discards through a pair of binoculars and informing gob finger of his hands through an earpiece bond uses the radio to blackmail gob forget into losing the game, along with all the money he's won against Simmons. during the week, bond takes Jill to his room. there they drink champagne and go to bed together, before bond receives a call from Felix asking James to meet him the following morning. bond gets out of bed to fetch more champagne, but as he's reaching into the fridge, he's knocked out by an intruder. [Music]. when bond awakens, he returns to the bedroom to find Jill dead. her body had been covered entirely in gold paint, causing her to die from skin asphyxiation. bond returns to London. there he meets with em and the governor of the Bank of England. the governor explains to bond how gold prices vary across the world. this allows someone to profit by selling gold bullion internationally. he then explains that the government has been concerned about gold smuggling for quite some time. they've managed to identify gold fingers one such smuggler, but they've been unable to figure out how he smuggles his gold across borders. bonds objective is to find out how he does it to help in his mission. bond visits q-branch. their qgis bond to tracking devices, one large one and one smaller one that fits into the heel of bonds shoe. he also gives Bond a modified Aston Martin db5, complete with revolving number plates and ejector seat, and even an early version of a sat-nav that can be used along with the tracking device. it's in this movie that cues character really clicked. although he appeared in both dr. know and From Russia With Love, it was Goldfinger where cue first really became a beloved character, perhaps as director guy Hamilton advised actor desmond llewelyn to inject sarcastic humor into the character. and incidentally, we'd appreciate its return, along with all your other equipment, intact for once when you return from the field. the next day, at a country club in Kent, Bond meets Goldfinger for a game of golf. we're also introduced to Goldfinger's manservant and henchman, odd-job, who was the one who knocked bond out at the hotel in Miami the to play, and bond ends up winning the game afterwards. however, Goldfinger, who's aware of bonds ulterior motives for meeting with him, Warren Spahn, not to interfere with his affairs. he then reinforces the threat by having odd job do this. as Goldfinger prepares to leave, Bond places the larger tracking device into the boot of his car, allowing one to follow him. using the tracking device, bond follows Goldfinger on a journey through France and Switzerland. on the way, bond is shot up by Tilly Masterson, who's trying to assassinate Goldfinger. this is Jill Masterton sister out for revenge after the death of her sister. bond follows Goldfinger to his gold processing plant near Geneva. there, he sneaks into the plant under the cover of darkness and discovers gold fingers method for smuggling gold internationally. Goldfinger melts down and then shaped the gold bars into panels. he then fits these to his rolls-royce and drives into Europe where he brings the car to the Geneva plant to melt the gold panels back into bars. whilst their bond also overhears Goldfinger talking to Chinese nuclear physicists, mr. Ling, about something of importance called operation Grand Slam. on his way out, bond runs into Tilley Masterton, again, is trying to kill Goldfinger. during this encounter, bond accidentally tripped an alarm, which alerts Goldfinger to their presence. bond and Tilly tried to escape in the db5, but they're caught up to buy old job, who kills Tilly with his hat. this is actually the first time an Aston Martin features in the Bond franchise. and interestingly, the db5, dubbed the most famous car in the world, saw a sales increase of 50% following the release of Goldfinger. in 1964, Bond is captured and tied to a solid-gold table underneath an industrial laser. Goldfinger explains to him that it can project their spot on the moon, or, at closer range, cut through solid metal. I will show you the laser. then begins slicing through the table towards Bob. in desperation, Bond lies - Goldfinger, telling him the mi6 know all about operation Grand Slam. as a precaution, Goldfinger spares bonds life so as to mislead mi6 into believing the bond is still under control. bond is taken to Goldfinger stud farm near Louisville, Kentucky, aboard his private jet. the jet is piloted by [ __ ] Galore, played by honor Blackman. as they land, bond watches [ __ ] Galore Flying Circus during training. the Flying Circus is an all-female team of stunt pilots, trained and led by calor, although actually, in some of the shots, a few pilots were played by men wearing blonde wigs. they arrive at the stud farm where bond is taken to a prison cell. upon his arrival, bond is also watched by felix leiter. he's tracking him using the shoe tracker. bond manages to escape his cell fairly quickly. and while snooping around, he witnesses Goldfinger holding a meeting with several members of the Mafia. the Mafia are there to discuss operation Grand Slam, which their funding. Grand Slam is Goldfinger's planned to rob the gold bullion depository at Fort Knox. this will largely be done by releasing poisonous delta-9 nerve gas into the atmosphere around Fort Knox. bond is then recaptured by [ __ ] and taken to his cell. back in the meeting room, Goldfinger has the Mafia men killed using the Delta 9. later, bond meets with Goldfinger for drinks. there he points out to Goldfinger that his plan to rob the entire depository won't work, as he won't have enough time to move the gold before the American army intervenes. Goldfinger them reveals to bond that he doesn't actually intend to steal the gold. instead, mr. Lane from the Geneva plant has supplied Goldfinger with a dirty bomb. the Goldfinger will detonate inside the vault to radiate the gold. this will make America's gold supply useless for 58 years, increasing the value of Goldfinger zone gold and allowing the Chinese to profit from the economic chaos. Goldfinger tells [ __ ] to entertain bond. so the two had inside one of the stables. their bond tries to kiss her, but she throws him on the floor, displaying some impressive judo skills. in fact, producers Harry Saltzman and Albert piccoli were so determined to get on a Blackman for the part of [ __ ] Galore that they had the actress's ability to perform judo written into the script like this. she eventually softens, however, and herim bond kiss. the next day, operation Grand Slam begins with the flying circus spraying the delta-9 gas over Fort Knox. this seemingly kills all of the military and government personnel nearby, including Felix Leiter, golf fingers, private army. then breaks into Fort Knox and breaks open the vault using the laser. coldfinger then arise with the bomb, and it's taken into the vault where a henchman handcuffs bond to it, unbeknownst a Goldfinger. however, is that bond convinced galore to alert the Americans and replace the gas with a harmless substance. the troops all arise and attack the depository, which kills many of Goldfinger's men. seeing this, Goldfinger locks and seals the vault and takes off his coat to reveal a u.s. army Colonels disguise uniform. God finger then kills Ling and several soldiers before escaping. bond, odd-job and the other henchmen become trapped inside the vault. the henchman tries to stop the bomb out of fear for his life, but odd-job throws him to his death. bond then frees himself from the handcuffs, but odd-job attacks bond before he can disarm the bomb. the to fight, but eventually bond manages to electrocute odd-job using, ironically, his own steel-rimmed hat. then bond manages to force the lock off the bomb using gold bullion bars from the vault. however, bond is unable to disarm the complex mechanism. luckily, after killing all of Goldfinger's men, the american troops open the vault and an atomic specialists arrive, who's able to turn off the device. bond is invited to the White House for lunch with the president for his efforts. he brought to the president's jet and is taken on his way to Washington. however, it turns out that golf winger has hijacked the plane, and about halfway into the flight, he confronts bond. interestingly, the scene aboard the plane was actually meant to be a lot longer than what was seen here. and it was actually originally going to involve a henchman, but this was cut from the script. you can though see the henchman briefly as Goldfinger enters the cabin. Goldfinger threatens bond with a revolver, but bond attacks him. in a struggle for the gun, a shot is fired, shooting out one of the planes windows. this causes the cabin to rapidly decompress. the difference in pressure between the cabin and the air outside causes Goldfinger to be sucked out of the cabin through the window, which kills him. the decompressions also caused the jet to plummet uncontrollably towards the ocean. bond rescues [ __ ] who was piloting the plane, and they parachute safely from the aircraft before it crashes. later, a search helicopter passes over bond and galore because he tries to call for help, but bond tells her this is not time to be rescued. the screen fades to black as he and Col orcas and bond draws the parachute over them. [Music]. thank you so much for watching 10 minute movies. if you've enjoyed this and would like to see more videos like it, then please subscribe. and I'll see you all later. [Music]. 