listen, I really like the new Jumanji installments. in fact, the last one was one of the first alameen we did, making this one of the first follow-ups we've covered, and I thought it was just as fun. so far, both have been solid jr. prices, in my opinion, and they've built a pretty solid franchise formula wherein every new one, they can swap bodies with different characters or personas, all while still keeping the same blockbuster cast. if you could spend 24 hours in in Kevin Hart's body, mmm, how would you spend your day? kill myself. wait a second. let me explain. so, interestingly enough, this is being considered the fourth Jumanji movie. since the author of Jumanji had also written the book Zathura, with the movie bean pitch, that's taking place within the same world. that's right for cuz you're forgetting about the one that was in space by John Favreau. they got the same director, Jake Kasdan, from welcome to the jungle, to come back for this one. and I had no idea that he's the son of Lawrence Kasdan, who wrote, you know, a couple of little space movies. but Jake himself has some comedic classics on them. they brought back the same cast with Dwayne's hop and the Forbes list with a cool twenty three point five million dollars upfront for the role. and then there was the addition of the Danny's, which were great, especially DeVito, who was hilarious. I think my eyes are a different color. all of you is it different color for me? the action is great because they're still following that mantra that they had in the first CG, is there to embellish live action, not to replace it. and we've really got a great lengths on Jumanji to create live action sequences. that said, I loved it was a Sony movie, so every teenager is using their experience, but the movie has a bloated thing for some of their editing. and this one, Spencer falls back into the game like a drug since he got a little too use of his rock-hard body. and the breakup with Martha reminded me a lot of Linda Hamilton and James Cameron's relationship during Terminator 2, where James literally went on record to say that he fell in love with the character of Sarah Connor, not Linda. well, Spencer got Ruby Roundhouse. when he came back to the real world. things also haven't been that sunny for his grandpa, DeVito, either. and when Danny Glover's Milo comes back, he gets even more heated. see, they both had a restaurant that they used to run back in the day, but as Milo started getting all he wanted to retire, and Eddie wanted to keep going. so he hates him for that. and now the restaurant is owned by Nora, who is actually the aunt from the first Jumanji movie who wanted to build her own bed and breakfast. now she's just missing the beds. this time, when they go into the game to rescue Spencer, they accidentally bring along the grandpa, so most of the bodies are swapped. famous letsplayer Jack Black gets to play his last name. the rock is playing DeVito, which was okay at first. I don't think he was the funniest. it's not funnier than having DeVito played DeVito. but I thought Hart killed it as Danny Glover. and also Kevin incorporate those kind of mannerisms that, see, you don't know when you're doing something, that it becomes something other than what you're doing. it's just somebody starts repeating you. one of the cool things that the new one does is that it explores these different possibilities and tricks that you can do within the game world. sometimes they feel convenient, sure, but the idea of being able to touch glowing water and then swap bodies with another player, that was a cool trick. it's a nice little leeway in the script, so that now you're able to, you know, swap from your original characters and put them back into the original bodies from the first one. but it also swaps Aquafina halfway through the movie, from playing Spencer to her doing Danny DeVito and bra. she made the ROC's impersonation look like a pebble compared to what she did with her posture and ad libs. the in-game premise in this one is that the Hound stole The Maltese Falcon MacGuffin of a jewel, and our group has to pretend to marry off Ruby in order to snatch it and beat the game. but considering it's not the mountain, but the rock who has to fight him, he has to use some fruit to defeat him. honestly, the best resolution in the movie didn't come from the kids, or, you know, the new lore that we learned within the game, but from Milo and Eddie. for me, as always, the rock and Kevin Hart are kind of fight in these movies and really interviews. you guys didn't get to decide on the tag line, though, and I thought I'd give you the opportunity right now. I got one family movie. yeah, Jumanji. mm-hmm. Kevin as [ __ ] know what. but having it be Milo and Eddie who open up about their lifelong regrets, and now Eddie is dying in the real world, gave the movie a nice little heartfelt storyline. in the end, Eddie is playing in Ming's body, while Milo is a horse. but they saved the day. as Milo decides to stay in this game world that would allow him to continue living Nate, soaring to new heights like he's never done before. and so aquafina bids another farewell. now, look, I'm surprised that out of all of the new franchises, and there have been some Dookie ones, Jumanji has been the most consistently fun one. we all know the rock is literally sung about him being franchise viagra, but it really is a testament to the entire cast whose game, the production design and stunt teams, and how well they integrate with CG and approach to the lore that a lot of other franchises should take note of. but I think it success stems from focusing on the best aspect about video games, and really games in general, and that's knowing that there's no better feeling than playing with your friend 24 hours in the rocks body. alright. thank you guys. checking out this video here. to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. they've been hinting at tackling the origins of the game, which could be interesting, but I'm more of a fan of the, you know, oranges being a little bit more ambiguous. I don't need to know, but we'll see. they haven't really disappointed me with these last two plus Jack black hats at this I've been pushing them for a long time. and let's go to space see the aliens that develop the Jumanji technology. again, I've enjoyed each one. I don't know if this one's funnier than the first. I do like that they add some stuff. for example, DeVito calling back to the smolder, the hilarious perfect callback to the cake. I think they're building a nice little utility belt of callbacks and solutions, like I was mentioning earlier, but they'll be able to use in future installments. and I appreciate the groundwork being laid out. like I could definitely see the changing water color, the water thing so they can swap bodies, being like a pivotal thing that we'll all recognize and a future one. but I really do I'm surprised, out of all the crappy reboots, and man, are there so many crappy reboots, I'm glad that this one's, this one's at least working. like I said, the idea of having Norah there is pretty cool. and I like that they're kind of looking at doing something where they're gonna bring it into the real world. now, considering the after credit scene, and that's gonna be a nice callback to the original. so we'll see how they do it. again, not everything needs to qualify for best of the decade. sometimes you just want to be entertained for I mean, they're like two hours now, which will probably my own small gripe to stop dragging them out, to make them longer than they need to be. but these movies are fun and I enjoy them. so I'm here to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and you two can play. 