welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about the fifth wave. ohio high schooler cassie sullivan, armed with an m4 carbine, emerges from the woods to raid an abandoned gas station. upon entering, she hears a male voice calling for help. she finds a wounded man who points a gun at her, but they ask each other to put their respective weapons down. his other hand is under his jacket, and as he takes it out, she sees a glint of metal and kills him, thinking he was holding a gun, but he was, in fact, holding a christian cross. the screen cuts to black to show her backstory. a colossal alien spaceship is circling earth, guided by extraterrestrial life referred to as the others. ten days later, the others unleash their first wave, an electromagnetic pulse that permanently disables all electrical power and communications worldwide. the second wave has the others manipulate the planet's geology and fault lines, causing earthquakes and mega tsunamis that destroy coastal cities and islands, including hallandale beach, tower bridge, bangkok and new york lake erie floods but cassie is able to survive by climbing a tree. for the third wave, the others modify a strain of avian flu virus and spread it across the planet via birds. the population is decimated, with cassie's mother one of the casualties. cassie, her father and her younger brother, sam, find a summer camp in use as a refuge in the woods with roughly 300 survivors. a few days later, an army unit with working vehicles rolls into the camp. the unit's commander, colonel vosh, claims there is an imminent threat of a fourth wave, and they will take the children to safety at wright-patterson air force base, intending to bring the buses back to retrieve the adults. cassie is separated from sam and witnesses the army massacring all the adults, her father included. cassie makes her way toward the base, but is shot in the leg by a sniper and passes out. about a week later, she wakes up in the farmhouse of a young man named evan walker, who saved her. cassie leaves towards the base with evan, but learns that he isn't other sent years ago as a sleeper agent and merged his consciousness into a human host. the sleepers roam their designated zones, killing human survivors. evan admits his humanity was reactivated when he saw her. disagrees with the invasion and lets her leave. he warns that colonel vosh and the military are possessed by the consciousness of individual others. at the base, the military have used deception and technology to convince the rescued children that the humans outside the base have been possessed. they provide military training to the children, forming them into squads to go on kill missions outside the base. sam has been placed into a squad led by ben, a boy cassie had a crush on, along with ringer, a tough teenage girl, dumbo and teacup. while out on a kill mission, ringer removes her military implant, causing her to register as an other possessed human on the squad scopes. the squad deduces the plan to have them kill real, unpossessed humans, making them the fifth wave. ben sends his squad into the woods and returns to base, claiming his squad was killed for the purpose of retrieving sam, who was left behind. ben confronts colonel vosh about child warriors being the fifth wave. and cassie kills sergeant resnick during her one-on-one indoctrination spiel. ben and cassie find each other and leave to find sam. evans sets off numerous bombs and advises them to quickly find sam before the destruction of the entire facility. colonel vosh in the surviving military others evacuate with the human children by military aircraft. cassie, ben and sam escape with help from ringer. just as evan completes the destruction of the base. ben's squad is reunited, and cassie ponders the strength of hope as humanity's driving force for survival. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music]. 