before we begin, let me start by saying Frank Capra's message of meet John Doe is to love that neighbor. but the man across the street from me sits on his front porch drunk, singing, thank you for being a friend. and the one next door to me. little I wanted to comes from the Dueling Banjos scene and deliverance. so I'm a pass the stars of our movie today. ah, sergeant York, not as dick, you'll notice, dick Sargent. you gotta put the two last names together. and I'll who the hell ever knew the difference in those two? anyway, play. our story begins with an American tale as old as time, a news organization deciding the American people don't matter and they can make more money selling lies. and don't be dragging your politics into the comments, talking about this news organization or that one, because, to be frank, they all equally suck. and as follows, to make more money, they cut jobs. pretty ugly, young or old, they don't care. hit the road bits and buy you at it. go ahead and let the door hit you where the good Lord split you. I don't give a damn. and to get revenge, one of the fire bits and decides to make a final column, a fake story for a man named John Doe who plans to protest the state of our country's politics by jumping off the top of City Hall and eating cement. so upon publication of the story, the governor stories read it and they like, well, how can I put this delicately? I'll just put it to you by quoting my drunk, singing neighbor when he's outside arguing with himself as a goddamn lie. and they tell the governor they think this is a mad genius plot by the publisher 1 DB Norton to create a sense of, oh, how shall we say this, dissatisfaction among the people, so DB Newton can win the next election. but the public is head over heels in love with this non-existent John. and then the editor calls and back into the office, hoping she'll help him find the non-existent John. but then she's like, oh, how can I put this delicately, this goddamn lie? and that is like, what? and then is like, you heard me. it's got that not would you need to keep the store running so you can make that money you so desperately desire and you need somebody to write the goddamn lies me. and you need a bum off the streets to read the goddamn lies. oh, look, just what we need, a passel of bums pretending to be John. let's pick one. no, not him. no, I don't think so. too skinny. this is not the face of a man hater. Corliss. empathize, will oh, who dis someone who needs some lovin, I think, and some food. who he noted hard-boiled sulfur bombs. and ain't nobody gonna love that neighbor. he gonna be fighting up the block. and every bum got some bum friend hanging around for meal. okay, pause. this reminds me of my other neighbor on the other side. he came over like, you got a light and I was like, no. and he was like, oh, okay, well, you got a cigarette? and, you know, I said, I said, what? oh, you guys, I have it. and look, - bum be taking the food, but he's frowning on the money. well, what the hell you think they used about a damn food dummy? but I digress. so they put John, his friend, the colonel, up in a fine room and get Johnson fine clothes while his bum Colonel friend starts beating about people with money, and how more money, more problems. then he can write, if you got nothing, you got nothing to lose. I know the feeling. and then he go on about how they all, he lots lots of heels that need more money to take care of this day, bought with the money they had, it's gone now, and gotta be chasing down other people to get their money. - sounds exhausting. ooh, ceramic titties. swing goes on about our business, of right, not a goddamn lies. and the people unite into mobs of anti-politician, neighbor loving troublemakers. sign me up. and the Gunners, like I still think it's a goddamn lie. banan tells BB, notin put John on the national radio, you see the local folks going hog-wild. you ain't seen nothing compared to what could happen if you put a live for a three hundred and twenty five point seven million ants. but then mama do what my must do. she put a guilt trip on an and give us her the Journal of her daddy, her dead daddy. and suddenly angle getting all sentimental and uses the journal the right Johnson, goddamn lies. but this right here has connections to the owner of a rival paper, ready to give John even more money if during his speech tonight, he'll read a pre-written letter admitting it's all a goddamn lie. but Ann's falling in love with the man she made up, who writes like her daddy. and she's like, mama told me to look into your eyes and I'd see father there. and it sounds like this woman got herself a serious daddy complex. and John's like, well, all that daddy talk got me hot, so I'm already goddamn liar. as he reads it, he starts to think of it as the goddamn truth. and the people buy it. in DB. nuns like, all hell yeah. I can make it to the White House on this cracker [ __ ]. but John tries to run off, but he sees the whole damn world has been inspired by his lies, excuse me here, goddamn lies. and tells him about all the John Doe clubs that started all around the country. and one group comes in, and one of the men says, yeah, I was just sitting in my living room one day with the window hanging open. and I heard this crazy man across the street singing, thank you for being a friend. and I thought, ain't no way in hell I'm approaching that crazy bit. I just started calling him drunk uncle and mumbling about him under my breath. but then one day I was out walking my cat, and the crazy old [ __ ] say hey. and I was getting ready to prepare my no, I ain't got a lighter or cigarette. what? you ain't got nothing, but I haven't speech until he said, you like the Golden Girls? well, I was rather taken aback by this question, so I quite shall I said, yes, I do like the Golden Girls. then we got to talkin about which golden girl we are and how standing nothing but a bunch of galoop. and next thing I knew, we were sitting on his porch together, singing, Miami is nice. what I'm trying to say is, don't go killing your damn self. there could be other Golden Girls fans in the world, in the same neighborhood, just waiting to be best friends. so, long story short, John travels the world giving his speeches and rallying the John Doe clubs, while DB Norton paves his road to the White House. and of course, Anne and John fall in love. well, I think they do, because John tells Ann something about a dream he had while he was her daddy and got a spanker. hello. this love story's kind of up until the night of a big rally where all the John Doe clubs from around the country gathered to hear John speak. and DB tells and he wants John to tell the people he endorses DB Norton for president. but John reads the speech and wrecks DB Norton's fancy damn dinner. and he a saying she wrote the latest goddamn lies. and she's like, oh, yeah, I did, but I didn't. and just like be gone. thought, oh, I'm, by the way, when I get to the convention, i'ma tell them all what's up. and no one says, yeah, you go ahead and try, then I'll get to tell him all, you ain't nothing but goddamn life. and John gives a speech, one that ain't written, Oh, daddy. and John runs off. after convention, John tries to tell the goddamn truth, but they do him like he's Forrest Gump and cut the mic cables, and they make sure everybody knows this whole thing was a bunch of goddamn lies. and like any hero, John goes to honor his word, which he didn't really write, and push himself off something tall. but Norton shows up to stop him, and so does Anne, who don't call herself some sickness, running around in the cold rain, dummy. and stop breathing his damn face. you're gonna give him your thought disease. and then the Golden Girls buddies show up, and John decides living in so bad and he cares and off and they live happily ever after. done. and be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for regular fix of meth you can expect me to upload more videos when me and drunk uncle are done singing. Miami is nice. so I'll say it twice, Miami has nice. Miami is nice. Miami is for movies, explained. for I'm gypped door door. I mean, jib door down. I mean, Jim a dime. now I'm looking at my front window, a drunk uncle looking like lonely Lester. i'ma go give him a cuddle. hey, as a goddamn lie, 