welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and if you spent last year watching The Watchmen, then chances are you have a lot of questions about the show's ending. throughout this video, we're going to be going over the agonizing cliffhanger and discussing all of the evidence to support why Angela did walk on water. ivory watched the show from beginning to end, and is actually a couple of tidbits that indicate exactly what happened after the show cut to black for the last time. so we're gonna be breaking down the big signifiers and why it all points to one certain thing. this is obviously gonna be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't seen the show, and the title and thumbnail of the video didn't ruin it for you, then I highly suggest that he turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for click in this video. now let's get into our breakdown of why Angela did walk on water. okay, so HBO's Watchmen send it around. Angela a bar the grand daughter of hooded justice. we learned that she met dr. Manhattan when she was younger, and that she'd been living with the character in secret in Tulsa for a decade. this was unbeknownst to everyone except Angela and a grandfather. even Cal the docs new identity, was unaware of what was really going on. and it led to a gripping shell that had viewers on the edge of their seats throughout after an event known as the white night, in which a group of white supremacists set out to murder policemen across the city, they discovered that Manhattan had been secretly walking amongst them, led by Senator Joe King jr. they set out to capture the character and steal his powers, thus enabling them to rule the world. combating them was lady Tru who also wished to set man-hands powers. and after she defeated the cavalry, she seemed to be able to harness his abilities, which seemingly killed him in the process. true look like she was finally going to possess the abilities of God. however, at the last second, she was killed by a father Ozymandias. Angela returned home with a kids and grandfather will, who was now part of the family. she cleaned the mess up that had been left by Cal after his transition, and discovered a single unbroken egg, which reminded her of a time that the doc had stated he could transfer his powers. Angela consumed the egg and went out Poole to see if she'd gained his abilities. and then we cut to black yup. they got us. it was an agonizing way to end the show, and even after a month since its release, we are no closer to learning the truth. if you've been keeping up to date with the news on the show, then you may have seen earlier this week that HBO officially said that they were not moving forward with season two, while some outlets have said that the show was canceled. Damon Lindelof actually said before the finale even aired that he felt like he told the full story, and then he had no plans for a second season. but why end it on such a big cliffhanger? well, the original Watchmen graphic novel, it did end on a cliffhanger itself, with dr. Manhattan saying that nothing really ends and Rorschach's journal being put out into the public through the press. as for the show, according to Lindelof, the clues are all there. when talking to The Hollywood Reporter, the creator's said the following in regards to the finale. this is not me saying, what happens when a foot hits the water. there are certainly two possible outcomes. but if you watch the entire season again, or if you look at the poster for Watchmen that existed 15 weeks ago, our intention is clear. that's why I'll say, whilst you could go either way, after personally revisiting the season, looking at the poster and weighing up the clues, there is one clear outcome. that is that Angela did get his powers, and had we not cut to black, we would have seen a walk on water. now, in order to understand why this is set up in Watchmen already, you have to comprehend one of the big themes of the property as a whole, that is, inheritance. the story has always been about passing things on, and this is exemplified through the majority of its characters. night alt, who picked up the mantle after the first incarnation. Silk Spectre, raised her daughter in an image hooded justice, went on to have a grandchild who also became a superhero. the comedian was Lori's father, Rorschach inadvertently went on to inspire the seventh Cavalry. Ozymandias made lady true. lady true literally forced her daughter to become her own grandmother, and so on and so forth. there's tons of examples. and pretty much every character left behind a legacy that was taken up by someone else, except for dr. Manhattan, who didn't. now, if we are going off the themes, then there exists a lot of weight there is to Angela inheriting the characters powers. and nurse bringing everything full circle, before we get into the main evidence that highlights that he was able to pass on his powers, we have to explain how dr. manhattan's abilities actually work. Manhattan has a simultaneous view of all moments within his lifetime. he views every single second that he existed in at once. he can see both his past, present and future. and because of this, we can understand that time is, in fact cyclical. the future controls the past, because in order for the future to happen in the way that it will, the past has to and vice versa. it's a lot of time, you I mean, wibbly-wobbly stuff. but the fact that dr. Manhattan gives Angela instructions, such as him saying that he needs to sear on the pool and that the eggs are important, means that in the future, he is aware of the effect that they had. thus we can draw from this that dr. Manhattan did not die, because if he had, he would not be aware of the swimming pool having importance, as he was not present when Angela attempted to step on it. again, it's very confusing and mixed up, but this is one of the central rules of the universe. there also exists a lot of dialogue too that backs up the fact that the egg carried these abilities. when we are first introduced to this notion in episode 8, and hatton creates the egg and then states that through it, he would be able to pass on his powers. but how does he know that this would work? well, the answer is because he already knows the outcome. as in the future, he is retroactive. Lee seen that passing his powers onto angela through this method has worked. she likely freed him after the events of the show. and thus he now knows that he can pass his powers on through the egg. and so he tells her in the past. now, why this is ham at home even more. it's because, when discussing the egg, Angela asks the following, if I ate this egg, could I walk on water? that's it. that's the entire question. and it's also how the show ends. she flat-out asks, if she ate the egg, if she could walk on water. thus the idea is planted in Angela's head, which would become key to the final few shots of the season. eggs are massively important throughout the series, and we are even introduced to Angela through them. will Reeves pulls one out of boiling hot water. we see the Clarkes drop huge amount of them. and throughout the season, there is clear attention drawn towards them. water, too, becomes symbolic, as it is used to create life, and dr. Manhattan states that it is important that Angela sees the characters standing on it. he then goes off to make some crap, which seems out of character during the life ending situation as in, however, he only does this to point out the eggs, which Angela grabs and smashes. she later discovers these. and thus, him pointing out the pool and the one unbroken egg, has a lot of meaning to it. he drew attention to both the eggs and himself, walking on water for a reason. now, it's also during this moment that another key thing comes into play. that is that dr. Manhattan realizes he loves Angela. when they first met, he said there was not a specific moment for him in which you realize that they were in love, as all moments exists for him at once. however, when he returns decade later, he does in fact say that this is the moment he realizes that he loves the character. could this be him deeming her worthy, realizing that she is finally deserving of his powers? well, personally, I believe that it does. so. in conclusion, Angela took the egg, realized that she was able to walk on water, used her newfound gifts to bring Manhattan back, and thus he was able to tell her in the past the importance of it all. it is the chicken and egg situation that the doc describes in episode 8, and is exemplified by Angela informing her grandfather in the past of Judd and so on. this rule was set up to show the outcomes for the characters. and thus, once more, the past is the future, as the future is the past, Manhattan engineered the entire thing in order to bring himself back from the brink of destruction by placing his powers into the one person who would have the desire to save him. another key indicator that Angela gains his abilities is exemplified by the poster. as mentioned earlier, Lindelof stated that their intentions were clear, and once we revisit the poster, it becomes explicit what the outcome is. angela is clearly shown with a blue tint to a skin similar to the one that dr. Manhattan has. and the creative team behind the show are very clearly laying their cards on the table here and staying that she did indeed gain these abilities. so to weigh it all up, the themes of inheritance, the constant eggs throughout and hatton pointing out specific things, the dialog choices and the poster, I think you have a pretty compelling argument that Angela did inherit the abilities. but what does Regina King, the actor behind Angela, think? well, in an interview with IGN she said the following, the way I perceived it, because I really fell in love with a story between Angela and dr. Manhattan, I felt like when she saw that egg, she wasn't necessarily looking at it as this opportunity to take on his powers. so my interpretation of it was she saw this as one last chance that she could be close to John, that somehow this would bring them back together. or, as crazy as it sounds, maybe there'd be one. I believe that this was a continuance of the love story. I'm just one of those people are in love with love. and I just felt like it's amazing that in all of the storytelling of pain and trauma and anger, that they were able to sneak an ultimate love story. I feel like, for the most part, even though you see this woman and anger, going up into Nixon bill and putting the guy in a trunk and all of that, I still feel like she's a very responsible person. he is a person that, inherited three children because of a partner being killed during the white night. so I would guess that you would be responsible with those powers. so it does look like qinger selfies, the character is being able to possess the abilities to whilst we may never know, I think that is enough there to draw our own conclusions. and know, it would be great to get a second season. that doesn't mean we need one. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the ending, and whether you disagree or agree with my conclusion, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and if you want something else to watch it, make sure you check out our breakdown of the first review of Black Widow. it contains big plot spoilers, including who taskmaster is, the post-credits scene and a lot more. you can support the show by subscribing to us and patreon. and if you want to come chat to us after the video, then join our discord server in the description below, or follow us on twitter at definition whitey. that's the best way to keep up to date with everything we do at heavy spoilers, and hopefully we see over there very soon. also, just one let you know, we're giving away a free copy of dr. sleep to one random subscriber. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Watchmen in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of February in the subtle be shipped out from the enter forgets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 