cinema synopses, spoiler alert. at Culver University in Virginia, general Thunderbolt Ross meets with dr. Bruce Banner, the colleague and boyfriend of his daughter, Betty, regarding an experiment that Ross claims is meant to make humans immune to gamma radiation. the experiment, part of a world war ii era super soldier program that Ross hopes to recreate, fails. and the exposure to gamma radiation causes banner to transform into the Hulk for brief periods of time. whenever his heart rate rises above 200, the Hulk destroys the lab and injures or kills the people inside. banner becomes a fugitive from the US. military and Ross in particular, who wants to weaponize the Hulk process. five years later, banner works at a bottling Factory in Ksenia, video de Janeiro in Brazil. while searching for a cure for his condition on the internet, he collaborates with a colleague he knows only as mr. blue, and to whom he is mr. green. he is also learning yoga techniques to help keep control, and has not transformed in five months. after banner cuts his finger a drop of his blood falls into a bottle and is eventually ingested by an elderly consumer in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, giving him gamma sickness. using the bottle to track down Banner, Ross sends a SWAT team, tell the active even seize them, Skol led by russian born british royal marine, a new Blonsky and a loan to SOCOM from the royal marines to capture him, tranq him, bring him back. Banner transforms into the Hulk and defeats blonsky's team. after this, banner slowly makes his way back home, stopping to buy more stretchy pants on his way. this is bad Spanish, which means who is more stretchy. he is trying to ask, do you have anything stretch here? after Ross explains how banner became the Hulk, Blonsky agrees to be injected with a small amount of a similar serum, which gives him enhanced speed, strength, agility and healing, but also begins to deform his skeleton and impair his judgment. Banner returns to Culver University. by the way, this is a cameo of Lou Ferrigno, the original Hulk, from 1978. banner reunites with Betty, [Music], who's dating psychiatrist Leonard Samson. banner is attacked the second time by Ross, and blonsky's forces, tipped off by the suspicious Samson, you did the right thing, causing him to again transform into the home. then suing battle outside the university proves to be futile the Ross's forces, and they eventually retreat. though Blonsky, whose sanity is starting to falter, boldly attacks and mocks the Hulk. the Hulk seemingly kills Blonsky and please the Betty, after protecting her from dying. after the Hulk revert to banner, he and Betty go on the run, and banner contacts mr. blue, who urges them to meet him in New York City. mr. blue is actually cellular biologist dr. Samuel Sterns mr. blue, who tells banner he has developed a possible antidote to Banias condition. so are we gonna do this? after a successful test, he warns banner that the antidote may only reverse each individual transformation. stern reveals he has synthesized banners blood samples, which banner sent from Brazil into a large supply with the intention of applying its to medicine. fearful of the Hulk's power falling into the military's hands, banner wishes to destroy the blood supply. meanwhile, Blonsky is revealed to have survived the earlier battle at Culver University and has completely healed. he joins Ross's forces for a third attempt to take banner into custody. charge they succeed, and banner, along with Betty, are taken away in a helicopter. Lansky stays behind and orders Stern's to inject him with banners blood. as he covets the Hulk's power. Stern's warns that the combination of the super-soldier formula and banners blood may cause him to become an abomination, but Blonsky insists. the experiment mutates Blonsky into a creature with size and strength surpassing that of the Hulk, but drives him mad. he attacks Stern's, who gets some of banners blood in a cut on his forehead, causing him to begin mutating as well. Blonsky then rampages through harlem, realizing that the hulk is the only one who can stop Blonsky. banner convinces ross to release it. it has to be me if they take me back there. he jumps from Ross's helicopter and transforms after hitting the ground. after a long and brutal battle through Harlem, the Hulk defeats Blonsky. after having a small peaceful moment with Betty, The Hulk flees from New York. a month later, banner is in Bella Coola, British Columbia. instead of trying to suppress his transformation, he successfully transforms in a controlled manner. in a final scene, Tony Stark approaches Ross at a local bar and informs him an allusion to the upcoming creation of the Avengers. [Music] 