hey, what's up guys. today i will show you the american thriller, science fiction film, jurassic world. the giant eggs are shown as the film starts. these eggs belong to dinosaur. one of the dinosaurs babies is trying to be hatched. then a kid comes on the scene. he was keenly interested to see the variety of dinosaurs. that kid has also an elder brother, and their interests were same. those kids parents sent them to their aunt to spend the vacation. their aunt was the manager of a park named jurassic underscore world. those kids aunt name is claire. she is very busy at that day, so she sends her worker to pick those kids up. those kids are excited when they meet their aunt claire. claire hands over them in entrance pass so they may enjoy and not wait. then a geneticist is shown. they have introduced a new, strong dinosaur through the transgene. and this modification of genes belonged to indominus, rex and colossal. and these both dinosaurs are very threatening and powerful. and their created dinosaur was most threatening than those two dinosaurs. and they have named rex to this new dinosaur. their purpose was to get the success. after this, this jurassic underscore world will be famous in the whole world, and the people will visit here. as a result, they get much financial profit. after this, the owner of jurassic underscore world comes on the scene. and their character name is mr simon masrani. claire accompanies them to show them the new dinosaur threats. they are left astonished seeing craig's dinosaur, because the glass was scratched by wrecks, because it had attempted to escape from here. they say, to make the strict security of park, that ex-worker owned should be hired in their group. they also asked claire that own should show the enclosure of trex. he was saying it because owen had much information about dinosaur. and he is taming the four raptors in the current time. raptors are also the specie of dinosaur. he has named one of the raptors blue, which was his most loving. then the owner of jurassic underscore world moves to owen, and he suggests owen to join their jurassic underscore worlds team. that security head also says to owen that we want to use your raptors in the battle because these raptors can help out the people in the war. but owen directly rejects this request. then a boy is fallen into the enclosure of raptors. raptors are nearly to kill that boy while attacking then owen appears to rescue him. he had a trust on it that his raptors will not attack him. so owen comes out of the enclosure of the raptors, rescuing that boy. on the other side, the kids are shown, who are enjoying in the park. they are excited witnessing the dinosaur of water. afterwards, flare is same who comes to oral here. it is known that claire and owen had some feelings for each other. claire informs owen about that dangerous dinosaur treks. so owen goes along with claire to have a look of wrecks, reaching near its enclosure, they find that rex is not present there. there were the marks of rux's claws on the wall. they understand, seeing it, that rex has tried to escape from here, and it has really escaped. so claire immediately moves to the control room, because a tracker had been fixed with cracks, and she can trace it through the tracker player contacts control rooms members, and she asks about breaks from them. control room workers tells claire, after tracking trex, that rex is in its enclosure. they also informed claire along with it, that owen and some workers have entered the enclosure of craigs. claire is very afraid hearing it, so she says to the workers of the control room, bring them out soon. when owen and his worker know about it, that rex is there, so they begin to clean. but rex also appears there. hearing their voice. one of the workers removed the barrier of the enclosure. in confusion, after being panicked, that worker runs from there, doing so. owen is also running from there, while saving his life. but rex is also run after him outside, breaking everything. rex catches that worker who had removed the barrier of enclosure, and it victimizes him. on the other side, owen is seen, who is hidden under the car. owen sprinkles the fuel on him so rex may not sense the smell of his flesh. and it also happens the same as rex leaves that place. then owen enters the control room safe and sound. then owen asks claire, where has drex gone? claire tells him that it has escaped from here. and rex has run to the forest. and our strong team has departed to capture him. they catch drex with the help of that tracker which was fixed in his body. rex was intelligent and also sharp, so it had thrown its tracker, removing it. all are left astonished seeing this action of tracks. may any animal so clever and sharp? then rex appears from a mid of the bushes, which was keeping an eye on them for a long time. team members try to capture wrecks, but it victimizes them one by one. owen says to them, seeing it close the park soon, because rex is most powerful and threatening player, makes the northern sector of the park to save the lives of the people. northern sector is the place where rex was present. afterwards, claire's nephews are shown, who were enjoying in the park. they are looking at the dinosaurs sitting in the gyrosphere. then claire contacts her nephews. those kids tell her that we are in the northern sector of the park. claire says to the come out of this place as soon as possible. but the call is disconnected because of the signal issue. those kids know that the park rides have been banned there, but they still wanted to enjoy more. but the younger kid does not take this news seriously, and he moved the gyrosphere in that area, which was prohibited. there were also dinosaurs, but they were not dangerous. then rex appears there, and it ends all the dinosaurs. those kids are frightened witnessing it. then cracks also attacks on that kid's gyrosphere. but that gyrosphere was very solid, so it is not damaged for some time. but that gyrosphere is damaged, and both kids fall down. both kids reach the falling water while running. [Music], rex also comes after them before it victimizes them. both kids jump into the water, showing their intelligence, seeing it. rex moves away, and both kids are survived. player comes to own and says that kids are in northern sector. then owen goes with claire in order to save kids lives. they find the dead bodies of the dinosaurs on the way, and they were killed by rex. claire is grieved witnessing all dead dinosaurs. then she leaves the place to rescue the kids. then they move to that area of the forest where kids gyrosphere was lying. they noticed that gyrosphere is in very bad condition. it was completely damaged, saying it jurassic undiscovered. is very frightened. then owen observes the footprints of the kids. noticing it, owen says to flair that your nephews are very wise and brilliant. they will have to take actions wisely. so they have rescued. they reach the falling stream. while chasing the footprints of the kids, owen says to claire, we should return as kids surely will be saved, because it is not out of risk moving forward. but claire does not agree with him. she wanted to move ahead to rescue her nephews. then players nephews are seen, who had approached in an old garage of the votes. they drive away after repairing a car. when claire and owen hear the sound of car driving, then they also approach there. they come to know coming there, that kids have escaped from here with safety. rex appears there as they were thinking to move away while repairing the car, which attacks them. [Music]. security head says to mr masrani that we should use the rafters of owen in order to capture rex. but they did not want to free the raptors in the park because they prove a threat for the people. so they themselves go to catch wrecks. they notice that rex is chasing claire, so they attacked rex with their machine guns, but it is missed. rex breaks the cage of the raptors. one of other raptors is crashed with the helicopter of mr masrani. it also causes the crash of their helicopter, and they die due to this. claire receives her co-workers called. she tells her that we have searched out the kids through the security cameras. the kids are in our custody and they are safe and sound. claire says to her, i am coming to you to pick them up. take care of them till that time. and player goes to pick them up along with owen. contrarily, reptiles are seen, which attack the people coming in the population. players co-worker comes on the scene, who was recusing both of kids. but one of the raptors flies away, taking claire's co-worker, and the water dinosaur engulfs that raptor and players co-worker. meanwhile, claire and owen also reach there. they all four begin to move away together. then security head is seen, who goes forwards raptors. after the death of mr masrani, he fixes a device on raptors so he may keep an eye on him. then owen comes to know that his raptors are being brought into the work, so he becomes aggressive. he asks about his raptors while going to meet security head. both are you. owen has to agree with security head having no plan. [Music], they all plan to capture treks. owen makes his raptors smell threats, and he frees them from the cage. those raptors run to the forest, and they find trex there. and owen also reaches there with his full team. here the astonishing fact is revealed as that raptor and cracks begin to talk with each other. owen understands here that rex is surely a raptor. so they are communicating to each other. they attack wrecks, and they wound wrecks with an explosive bomb. but rex has lured the raptors while talking with them. now those raptors support wrecks. they attack the team. claire is very afraid, sitting in a car, but a team member asks her to escape from here. so claire moves while driving her car speedily. then owen also approaches there and asks player, follow me. then they reach the control room safe and sound. security head reveals that i want to take the support of these four raptors in the battle to help the people. but a raptor attacks the security head reaching there, and it eats its flesh after killing him brutally. claire and owen come outside, taking all three kids, where all remaining raptors surround them. owen talks with his loving blue raptor, and he also removed the device fixed on its head. now they, all three raptors restore their normal condition. then drex also appears there. being restored, raptors attack wrecks, but rex kills them one by one, as being strongest. claire's younger nephew says that same strong dinosaur is required if they have to rescue their lives. claire hits upon a plan, hearing it. so she calls the most threatening dinosaur named t-rex. dinosaur. claire makes it chase her, showing the flare light, and it brings t-rex to trex, while making it chase where the two dangerous dinosaurs wrecks and t-rex confront each other. there is a great fight between both dinosaurs. rex wounds t-rex as being stronger. [Music]. then blue raptor of owen reaches their witch, attacks ranks. wounded. t-rex also attacks rex. getting a chance, there is great fight among three. [Music]. then water dinosaur catches wrecks with its sharp teeth, and it drags it into the water with it, and it kills it, dragging there. now wrecks are finished, and t-rex was also injured badly, so it moves away. owen gesticulates blue raptor, and it also moves away. then claire's sister arrives there to take her kids. she gratifies claire as she rescued her kids, and owen also did the same. there were also other people wounded by raptors. this movie completes on this scene. you can watch the more videos of such thrilling cyber film by clicking on the skin. if you like our videos, you can like, comment and share. to get daily updates of the channel's videos, you must subscribe and turn on the notification and play the bell button. thank you so much for watching the video with your precious time, 