listen, stranger things has been able to convince people that product placements are easter eggs. and I don't know whether to be upset or impressed, because, you see, your stranger things has never really appealed to me because I'm more of a 90's kid. I've been waiting for that resurgence. ended up getting something else unexpected. but seeing the success of stranger things has been insane, considering how it's a lot of it is really a giant Oh much. I almost wonder how the creators of the original images feel about Netflix going green and altering the original Leste and logic does ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. that's the way there's ghosts. are those? ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. that little bit of change. it's not the same. it's not the same. it's not the same. I've been calling it the Greta Van Fleet of Netflix because, well, it is a lot of copying. it's still fun to watch. let me explain. so if you don't know anything about stranger things, season one finds a group of friends in the 80s telling you the entire plot of the season while playing D&amp;D. there's a lab below their town that opens up a rift to the upside down, where a monster comes out and snatches lo will. luckily, the boys get a new friend in exchange, who they don't even bother to given you name. they literally shorten her experiment number down to L. she has superpowers. she defeats the Silent Hill demagogue in the show's ahead, and Netflix starts pumping out more original content, cuz these are almost gone. season two introduces new characters. still has well shook. and if you thought there was no justice for Barban season one, well, my boy Bob is getting added to that list. actually, like season two the most out of the bunch, because of the pairing of certain characters, how they're able to subvert their stereotypes. give four puffs of the Farrah Fawcett spray, right? yeah. Farrah Fawcett, you tell anyone I just told you that, and your ass is grass. you're dead. I understand. you understand. yep. and then Episode seven happens, which is just a long our pitch to see if we wanted these spin-offs. naw, come on. no way. of course they save the day. and then it leads us to season three, which is a Coquette [Music]. I was at an H&amp;M right before the season had come out, and I saw an entire wall being dedicated for stranger things. Burger King had the audacity to sell upside-down whoppers only at certain locations. and the list is never-ending. Levi is using 30 year old denim for their jeans. Baskin Robbins has 80s flavors. every shoe brand has a collab going on. JC Penney was fighting with gap for screen time they got. Hasbro re-release in games. and then there's good ol crisp and refreshing coke, legit, with all the marketing a product plays. and that was going on. I was legit expecting Hopper to reappear at the end, going, it's awful cold. fall into this in all honesty, though, as much as I want to call it out, you know, if it's perfectly with the story, like the Mongoose collab, of course, they're always riding bikes. all the characters have to wear shoes. they're underage. will they have to wear jeans. and then using new coke as a metaphor for how some like the original, while others prefer the remake. is such a cocky flex that I can't even criticize it. how do you even drink that? because it's delicious. what it's like carpenters to thing. the original is the classic, no question about it. but the remake, sweeter, bolder, better. you're insane. so you prefer the original thing? what? no, I'm not talking about the thing. I'm talking about new coke. it's the same concept, dude. uh? actually, it's not the same concept. it is the same concept. no, it's not. yes, if we don't, what, get your money. I'm not saying it deserves awards and stuff. it's very ready player one. but Netflix has created this product that is entertaining, while at the same time a money machine. so in the words of Lord Amy Pascal, if it works for everyone, it's gonna work for everyone. that said that. season three was okay, like HBO, Rocky and Fox. everyone's out for the Russians is here for some reason, cuz they got him playing nothing but bad guys. everyone's in that awkward stage that's so cringy. we got a middle school relationship I don't want to see in real life, cuz Millie Bobby Brown, looking like Manny Bobby Brown. poor Mike over here has less than a quarter to his name, trying to keep up a relationship, and I only have like three dollars and fifty cents. oh, it's hard, super hard. it's expensive. the thing with Millie is that she is deaf, the girl who looked through your phone, cuz she's ignoring that the Lord said Saturday's for the boys, and keeps on spying on them as they're chillin and the same goes for these other two. while, again, poor little will just wants to play D&amp;D. I dumped your ass now. can we play DMD, No, guys, it's ready. well, not right now. they broke up with you. what else is there to talk about? what my cool name? I have seen into the future, and I've seen that today is a new day, a day three of girls, the best-looking one in the cast, is getting under people's skin. since the upside down is like the best star, and it'll never go away no matter how many times I destroy it. but what I love doing in the middle of each season of stranger things is just noticing all of the full-grown adults around Hawkins who have no idea that their lives are being salvaged by 13 year olds. how many children are you friends with? I know there's a lot of debate between who the best character is on the show, but Ethan Hawke and OMA Thurman have given us the new Timothy sha'lame. and Maya Hawke was easily the best part of season three for me. you're all so nerdy it makes me physically ill. no, no, no, no. don't lump me in with them. I'm not a nerd. all right. hopper exits the season since he was training for Hellboy. and the kids again saved the season. now, just kidding. they're gonna go back to the same old death star again. I feel like a lot of the enjoyment of the show relies on your nostalgia, and maybe that's why it doesn't fully work for me. you know, I've seen terminator, I've seen aliens. I guess, if anything, stranger things is doing a better version than those follow-ups are. and it's in 4k. but that's why it's so easy to sneak product placement in there. because while it's setting the mood in the era, you don't even know what's selling your product. the fact is, he's the sponsor, and you signed a contract guaranteeing him certain concessions, one of them being a spot on the show. that's where I see things just a little differently. contractor, no, I will not bow to any sponsor. like remember house Szechuan sauce was brought back after it was mentioned on Rick and Morty, because people then wanted it. they created a new sauce for the McNuggets called Szechuan sauce, and it's delicious. and for what it is, you know, it's like they just said, we know that this is gonna be a gimmick and a novelty, and we don't have to put any attention into how it tastes, as people are gonna buy it anyway. well, here they had the pre-orders out on, you coke before the show at even air. and reminder, New Coke was a big failure in the 80s. so I don't know if it's a cool thing that Coke was willing to go back and focus in on that, or if there's that conspiracy about how new coke was just a way for coke to rebrand the original formula as coca-cola classic, and then that boosted their sales. Oh no. but I used to really hate product placement, like it would take me out of the movie, and I would just think about how many times the company had sent them Corrections or stipulations on how their product need to be shown. you know, I hate when it interrupts drama or a funny conversation. and I guess, considering that the best Nike billboards are us when we wear their logos, it makes sense that in the 80s there'd be all this advertisements everywhere. so I don't mind that if it meshes with the story. is there one? too many clean, non dented coke labels front and center? sure. is the Twitter marketing ironic, considering that star court mall was causing mom-and-pop shops to go out of business? dude, agreed. yeah. but at the end of the day, the show is all about the friends. we how long though capitalism? thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious know your thoughts down below in the comment section. like I said, it's not for me. I'm not gonna overly hate on the show. but I I know people like it. I've got every season. it's, it's fun to kill the time. but I'm curious to know, what is it about the show that you love more than that, when it compares to all of the things that it'll modulus to you? it's like, Matt, this is the one that I like because it's very interesting to see how many Easter eggs they put in there. if you check on their Twitter, they have a stranger things writers Twitter page thing, and they have all of these Easter eggs that they had mentioned, to the point that it was this long thread. I almost are wondering the job right? like, what original page for this? it almost feels like everything is just in a lodge. but considering that they're going year by year, it'd be interesting to see if they eventually get to the 90s, you know, since they are heading that way. I also did love the Phoebe Cates mention, which we had mentioned the podcast. if you want to check it out right here. we did a whole thing with Taylor Williams, who you should also check out his video. but it was interesting to see how, like Phoebe Cates back in the day, was our Alexandra Daddario. that's interesting. I'm also curious did anyone notice this in episode 4? cuz, like, right though I thought my TV fell like this for like 15 minutes. I know what's going on there. however, I'm curious to know your thoughts on stranger things, season 1, 2, 3, who your favorite character is, what your theories are for the future. someone told me they might be time-traveling. nah, I'm out. if that's the case, let me know your thoughts. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. send you a new coke. 