welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, and i wonder if you will grant me 10 minutes of your time to grace you with our latest breakdown on the undoing. the puns are as bad as ever, but we have a lot to talk about this time. and episode 3 very much revolves around us following grace as she tries to get to the bottom of exactly what's going on with her husband. the episode opens with jonathan being escorted away by the police in the wake of grace calling them at the end of episode 2. it looks like it's gonna be a pretty open and shut case, as all fingers point towards him. but i think this entry does a brilliant job of making us question whether he's actually behind it or not. firstly, the seed of doubt is planted when the officers discuss with grace how jonathan stuck his hands around her throat and mouth last week. it very much comes across as if they're under the belief that he tried to strangle her last week. and it seems like grace even questions this herself. however, as we know from last time, he was simply doing it to stop her from screaming, as he wanted to have some time to explain himself. this idea of us getting one version of the events and then the truth, has very much been laced throughout the show. and it further hammers home how there are two sides to everything. it's been something that we've discussed throughout all of our breakdowns. and a lot of you, last week sent in several comments saying that you think grace is actually the one behind the death of eleanor this actually becomes more and more likely throughout the entry. and so far the show has played heavily upon the idea of duality. now, it is indeed possible that grace has dissociative personality disorder, and she committed the crime and then repressed the memory in order to continue living this perfect life that she'd built for herself. the episode ends with her being caught near the scene of the crime, and does seem to point towards her now, youtube user anna lims dropped a great comment on our last video that discussed how she may actually suffer from memory blanks, and this is why her brain fills in things with her own fantasies. this was shown when jonathan was in the hospital, and i believe it was happening as the murder took place. so it is indeed possible that she was imagining this in order to suppress the truth. jonathan's name badge also had a start over the doctor part. and as we know, the character was fired from the position. this could hint that grace actually knew this too, but she has subconsciously buried it in order to keep her mind state level. anna also went on to say that it may in fact be grace who inserted herself into elena's life, and after she discovered her affair, she could have been triggered by her dark side. grace's father seems to be very protective over her, which could indicate her having mental health issues. the user also said that it's not uncommon for people with mental health problems to become therapists, as they know how important that profession is. so it does seem like this is the way the show could be going. but i just feel that, as we're only halfway through it now, it's still a bit too early to be dropping hints like this. however, the intro of the series portrays her as a child, gleefully playing and as we know, she's hallucinated elna at certain points, suggesting that she may have an altered perception of the world. another theory is that it's in fact, grace's father who carried out the crime in order to protect his daughter. and we do see in this episode that he is well aware of where elena lived. however, i can't see him being the type of person that would kill eleanor, because, in his eyes, she would just be an innocent woman. and instead, i think that he would go after jonathan himself. he has enough money to make things go away. and i doubt that if he could get away with murder, that he would kill her mother just to frame his son-in-law. we discover that jonathan actually went to him and stated that he didn't really have enough money to pay for their son, henry's education. and thus franklin gave him the 10 fees. however, in hindsight, we now know that this was used to pay for eleanor's child, who was enrolled because jonathan pulled some strings and paid for his education. now, the scene in which franklin visits elena's husband and the child could be his guilty conscience, but i doubt that this is going to turn into a hitman story or something along those lines. and lastly, out of the most obvious candidates is jonathan, who, you know what? yeah, i think he's innocent. now, in the book that the series is based on, a lot of the reveals that we've already had, such as jonathan's daughter with eleanor, do come a fair bit later. and it seems like the show is deliberately dropping these moments in early to let us know that going forward, things will be different. jonathan also believes the point that he wouldn't take a life. and as a doctor, he's been sworn in under a hippocratic oath, which means he won't bring home to another human however, we do see another side to him in the entry when he has a fight with an inmate, and he finds himself pinned on the ground, much like how the killer would have pinned down eleanor. jonathan brings a whole new meaning to the phrase, finger looking good. and, uh, he bites the guy's finger. now, also in this episode, we're introduced to a character named badger, who's a big attorney in the city. badges like to burrow in deep and he was very much the character that planted the idea of my head that jonathan wasn't the one behind it. he questions him at one point and says that he believes he is guilty, but later reveals to grace that he's actually pretty sure about his innocence. they actually do a great job of making us feel sorry for jonathan, as badger even says that he figures jonathan is smart because he cures cancer. the phrase the person who could cure cancer is often used as a way to show someone's importance, and it also carries the subtext that whoever is doing this is a good person. thus the line brings a lot with it. and whether it proves jonathan's innocence or not, it's clearly been put here to suggest to us that he's a good person who isn't behind the crime. now this idea of jonathan's innocence burrowed in deep for me. and i love how this episode pretty much has a lot of almost interrogation like scenes. there's several points in which two characters sit opposite each other whilst one of them tries to get the truth. this is seen in badger and jonathan, grace and badger, grace and jonathan and grace and her father. it really helps to play up the idea that everyone is a suspect and that we must question everything we see. as for the plot, the episode doesn't really advance it that much, but it does a great job of placing the seeds of doubt in our minds. and it also makes us realize how desperate grace is to keep her life together. she pretty much forgives jonathan this episode, and almost lies to herself in order to put him back on his pedestal. grace tells franklin that she just wants the truth, but it's unlikely that she ever will actually get it. and she's had to live a lie in order to have this perfect life, which shows that it's not really all that perfect. she goes to an ex-colleague of jonathan's, and he tells her that he pretty much flaunted his relationship with eleanor and even thrived off the attention that curing children's cancer gave him. it paints him out in a very different light to what we've seen. but grace, very much victim, blames eleanor and says that she was suffering from hero worship. this is a condition that involves you becoming obsessed with the person that you viewed as saving someone close to you. but it also goes both ways. now the mention of hero worship is ironic, because grace herself somewhat suffers from the condition as she slowly starts to convince herself of jonathan's innocence. not long after, grace takes henry to see jonathan, and the conversation starts with the latter saying, well, another fine mess i've gotten you into, which is a play on laurel and hardy, a famous double act. see, see, i told you they like doing things in twos. jonathan admits to his affair, and this seems to tear henry apart. now there's also been theories that henry could have been aware of his father's affair, and that he was the one who followed him to elena's and killed her. when the character went for a walk, he had access to jonathan's phone and knew the password, and was also not at the school auction. so he did have the opportunity. in episode 1, both jonathan and grace did discuss how he lived in a bubble. and it may be possible that similar to grace, he would do anything to keep this from bursting. i highly doubt it's him, but hey, there's only about five characters in the show, so we have to go over all the theories. don't worry. anyway. grace ends up hiring a new attorney named hayley fitzgerald, and going forward, she will be the one covering jonathan's case. she pretty much wants to muck it up as much as possible. i think it's going to get ugly with eleanor's past coming to the surface. i bet, i bet you was all in all kinds of dirty stuff. mayor blame the victims, as i always say. now, grace is eventually confronted by elena's husband, fernando, as she goes on one of her walks. he states that there were no other men, but does come across like he's hiding something, and even wants her to be careful. he could indeed be behind it too. and we see through flashbacks that he caught jonathan and his wife getting it on, which does add to him having more motive. it really is up in the air over who it could be at this point, which is definitely how you want to head into the second half of the season, grace goes to the police to report him for stalking her. and this is when they reveal that she was walking near to where elena was murdered. now grace has gone on a lot of walks throughout the season, almost almost about 15 minutes of the first episode was her walking. so i i do think that they would be able to excuse this. however, it definitely does add towards a dissociative personality disorder theory. and it is possible that she simply blacked out all of the events that happened. i kind of hope this isn't the case, as i think that's become a bit too much of a cliche recently. but the clues are definitely there either way. this was another great episode. i'd of course, love to hear your thoughts and theories on the show so far. if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up. make sure you check out our breakdown of the finale of lovecraft country, which is going to be linked at the end. don't forget, we're giving away three copies of the marvel phase 2 box set. and all you have to do to be with the chance of winning is like the video. make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of november, so make sure you get involved. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat is on the discord server linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you been the best i've been, paul. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 