[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka spoilin king. and this episode, were breaking down the latest entry of the outsider. the new HBO show has a hell of a lot impact from it. and from the looks of it, we're getting to the bottom of the mystery that will have you going loco down in El Coco Coco, that's terrible. throughout this video, we're breaking down the ins and outs of episode 4, the things you may have missed, as well as what could be happening in the future. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything potentially ruin it, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. we will be talking about certain elements of the book, including what the outsider really is. so if you don't want to know anything at all, then it's probably best to turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of the outsider. okay, so episode 4 finally starts teasing as to what's really going on, and even gives the creature a name, the legendary El cuckoo. in folklore, this is a Spanish boogeyman that is sometimes referred to as either Coco, cuckoo, Coolio, el Coco, yeah. and the creature has existed for centuries. primarily, the legend is used by parents to discourage children from misbehaving. and this sort of warning basically terrifies them out of being naughty. I wish my parents had had done that instead of making me play on the motorway. but yeah, whatever. in the outsider, el Coco is sort of a vampire that can mimic someone's appearance through taking their DNA. and this is how it was able to appear as both the convict and Terry Maitland. the outsider is similar to penny wise in several ways, as it can shape-shift, and it also feeds on emotion. the outsider is even referred to as it at one point. and there are a lot of striking similarities, however, where is penny wise fed on fear, at the outsider feeds on grief, like the killer Klown al cuoco hunts children and eats them. and this is a big aesthetic of the show. however, here it also attacks adults as well. in folklore, the creature can take the form of a shadow, and it stalks and watches its price, sometimes for before attacking. this motif carries across in the opening, and we watches the inmate from last week has breakfast with a woman. this day pops up later in the episode once more, and is of high significance in piecing together the timeline. we watch the convict here, and you really get the feeling that something is watching him. and the open air is masterfully directed to make the audience member feel like a wire, or rather, the outsider that is spying on the tube. it turns out that there's a lot going on in the scene, as we discover. and there's brilliant looks over the shoulders, and one through a window that really gives you a feeling that the character is being followed. it turns out to be the day rather than someone watching them for this theme is repeated throughout the entry. and later we see Holly following a hospital worker in order to get results. Jack to stalks a deer while hunting a restaurant. Goa lashes outta glory Maitland after peering at her. and there is a repetition of this throughout a lot of the scenes in the present, we pick up with Anderson hearing some results from Holly's investigation. she has unearthed the identity of the now deceased prisoner and is slowly piecing it all together. his name was Heath Hofstadter, and Holly has tied him to the care home where Terry Maitland's father lives. as we know from episode 2, when visiting this hospital, Terry gained a cut, and using his DNA, the outsider was able to track him across the country and then begin its killing spree. clearly, the outside was masquerading as the nurse in the care home and killed a couple of girls, then realized it needed to move on and chose Terry as its new face. Holly was refused access to see Terry's father last time, and similar to the outsider, she follows the nurse that we mentioned earlier. the nurse reveals that though Hofstede is DNA and fingerprints were found all over his apparent victims, she just can't believe it was him. when creating the book, Stephen King wanted to paint out the duality of serial killers. and this is paid lip-service here. Holly says that killers are often able to blend in with society. and this is how the nurse didn't sense anything wrong. Kings original work stated that in some ways, Ted Bundy was a vampire, and he would appear like a normal person on the surface, all whilst having a thirst for blood beneath it. it's a really strong psychological study. and even show cases that are myths, vampires, werewolves and so on, all have filling in real life. perhaps centuries ago, there were psychopaths who used to drink blood and cannibalize people, and this has become the foundation of our myths and legends. this duality - pops up at several points, with a reporter attempting to sneak into the Maitland's home under the guise of being a live-in nanny. it's also reflected through Hofstetter, who appeared to have a double side to him. clearly something was going on. and the nurse even states at Hofstetter came in on a vacation day, and that he didn't seem to recognize her. he also discussed the cut, and we finally get confirmation that Hofstetter was the one who caused it. similar to the Terry case, Hofstede I had an airtight alibi that placed him at another location. but still, he was arrested. finally, we have answers to it, and now know for definite that the outsider, posed as the nurse, went in on his day off, took Terry's blood and then followed him across the country. when analyzing the CCTV later on, the missing scratch on Terry's hand is something that Alison uses to pretty much clear the character. and it's a big piece of evidence. in the case, we learned that Terry scratched the arm of the strip club bouncer. and it could highlight that in the upcoming episodes, he will try and take the appearance of the character in order to carry out a crime. Jessa did say that when the outsider appeared in a room, that he did see more muscley the second time. and though we initially thought that this was Jack, it could indeed be this character. speaking of Jack, we cut to him hunting, and his rash has become even more infected. we see throughout the episode that his mental state begins to unravel even further. the outsider and the character will eventually end up forming an alliance with one another in order to try and kill Anderson. and clearly, the fact that the character only seems at ease when he's hunting will help the shadowy creature sway him into forming a union. the outsider has likely given Jack cancer, and similar to the source material, I think that it will say that it can cure him in exchange for killing Anderson. Holly eventually gets to be a maitland, but and due to his dementia, he's pretty incomprehensible. we did say last week that we had a theory that the outsider could have been masquerading as him - and this is why seem nonsensical. however, this confirms that he does indeed have the disease. the other majority of what he says doesn't make sense. he at least does get one message out, namely, that it wasn't Terry and that the outsider fooled them all. Holly meets up with a security guard from last week, and he agrees to look deeper into what happened in exchange for a date with her. weirdly, Holly says, yes, I guess he wasn't that creepy enough last time. and we discovered that he has the strength of 10 men, because his heart is pure. are you gonna hear that? that's the sound of a million people stealing that line for their tinder bio. through him, we learn that because of the investigation, the Hofstadter's have been left incomplete rune Hofstede, his brother was ruled out of the investigation, but he ended up overdosing himself, and the mother of the family drove herself into a telephone pole. the murdered girl's grandfather suffered a stroke, and the mother tried to poison herself. and he says that it was like a plague. we've already seen something similar happening in the maitland case after the death of Franky Peterson's brother ended up killing Maitland and died during this. and father Maitland also attempted suicide. so, yeah, fun for all the family. after a day goes well. Holly goes back to Angela and asks if Hofstetter went anywhere out of town before the murders. she says that he went to New York, and has a postcard to prove this, and that whilst he was there, he met a girl. Holly begins researching New York crime reports for the time, and Hofstetter was in the area, and she pulls up a child murder. this was committed by Maria Kanellis, who we saw on a date with hofstadter in the beginning of the episode. like a virus, the outsider has been spreading from person to person, area to area, and we finally have a more conclusive timeline. so from what we know, the outsider poses Maria went on a date with Hofstetter, took his appearance, stalked him across the country, posed the same cut Terry, took his DNA and then followed him across the country too. unlike Terry and Hoff seda, though, Maria is still alive and in prison, I guess. I guess women are just nicer inmates, apparently. but Holly visits her and begins to unearth the truth. Maria says that she would never hurt a child, and completely protests her innocence, saying that she never met or saw the victim. Maria doesn't really recognize Hofstetter and says that she didn't meet the character for breakfast. she seems like she doesn't know what's going on. and we learned that she's also had a wave of tragedy hit a family as the grandfather of the child that she apparently murdered, shot and killed her father and uncle. she says that she knows who's responsible, but that if anyone found out she thought this, then they'd send her to a nuthouse. it's here that we begin to learn what the outsider looks like and how it operates. Anderson visits the boy that gave the information on the stolen banner, the carrot he used. and Hawley visits a woman who knows the ins and outs of the legend. he states that all the old cultures have a bad habit of turning truth into fairy tales. when we tell our children about El cuckoo, we say, if you misbehave, it will take you away and eat you. however, as we see in the show, this isn't the case. and the woman say is that it simply takes what it wants, but then feeds on the grief of the family. and in meal terms, the child is said to be the main course. and the family's despair the desert. this is why the creature hasn't left the area yet, and why it's still lingers around the Petersons and Maitland's. the episode closes with a look at the outsider. and this is the being that we've seen following the crime scenes throughout the series. Holly does what any normal person would do, and Google's it, tried to get to the bottom of it. and we are now well aware that something horrible is going on. going forward. now that we have all of the pieces in place, a thing that the investigation will slowly start to wrap up. however, it won't be easy convincing Anderson. last episode, he said he disliked things that weren't rational, and in the source material, Holly has a hard time convincing him that something sinister is going on here. eventually, she manages to, and they track the creature to a cave. but I don't want to get too spoilery just yet, though, because obviously some people haven't read the book, and once some surprise is still but there is a lot going on here that will be unearthed over the next couple of weeks. it looks like Jack and the partnership with the character will be formed, and he will try and get on the inside of the investigation in order to feedback info to the antagonist. there's a lot going on, and I'm very hyped about the return for the series next week. this has really made me want to revisit the original work, as I did find it a bit meh. but now, seeing it's sort of remade with the correct setup in place and so on, I'm finding it a lot more enjoyable and less disorientating. the outsider is awesome. and yeah, I'm hyped what's gonna happen next. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the outsider and what you think will be happening in the future. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. that makes you check out our breakdown of this weekend's are the big release at the turning, which is gonna be linked after this. we go over the movies insane ending and give our thoughts on it. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it, and it goes a long, long way. you get access to content early, and can also suggest video topics and breakdowns. if you want to come chat to us after the show. either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. I also just wanna let you know we're giving away a free copy of dr. sleep to one random subscriber. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the outside or in the comments section below. but when it's gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of February in the cell be shipped out from the end whoever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 