today i will show you an action crime fantasy film from 2017 titled what happened to monday? spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. human behavior has drastically impacted the environment, and with an ever increasing population, there is a dramatic shortage of food. to combat the crisis, the european federation has developed genetically modified crops that are more resilient and have a high yield. this scientific breakthrough had caused a different problem. there is a staggering spike in multiple births and genetic defects globally. the solution is feeding the problem. furthermore, the political activist and conservation biologist, dr nicolette cayman has asked the federation to institute a one child per family policy called the child allocation act. she was successful in her efforts to push the legislation. so the world is facing new restrictive measures. illegally conceived siblings would have to be remanded in cryosleep. the children will be humanely stored in cryosleep until the global issues have been resolved. they will awaken a better world. a doctor approaches terence setman, who is looking at his seven granddaughters in the nursery. he tells the grandfather that if they were better equipped, they could have saved his daughter. terence doesn't know who the father is because he hasn't spoken to his daughter in a long time. the doctor asks him how he will hide them. terence says that he'll manage. names the girls after the seven days of the week. thirty years later, we see one of the siblings on the street. sunday is leaving the sector where she works. on her way home, she witnesses officers taking a sibling from a distraught family under the child allocation act. then she goes to a market and buys rap meat with an identity bracelet. sunday enters her building and has a chat with the security guard, eddie, who tells her something that he feels he's already said to her before. sunday enters the apartment, and later is seen serving dinner to the rest of her siblings. thursday thinks the food is gross, while wednesday seems to enjoy it. tuesday says that it's beautiful. saturday jokes with wednesday that she'd eat anything. they all laugh at her jokes, except monday. she's worried about a presentation she needs to give the next day, thursday says that if they do get the promotion, it will all be because of friday, who's their resident genius. terrence can be seen in a flashback teaching them how they would operate in the world as one. he tells them that in time, they will select a carrier that capitalizes on their collective strengths. later he's seen making a hidden room for the girls and then training them to hide their things and themselves. at the time for that ever comes, terence hides the rest of the stuff and walks over to sunday, who's the only one left outside. friday joins him as he makes copies of the identity bracelet for all of them. one day, he sits the girls down to explain the rules by which they will operate in the world. each girl will be allowed to leave the house on the day that is their name. inside the house, they can be themselves, but outside they will take on the singular identity of karen setman. thursday asks if she can play outside. any answers that she may, but only if it's her day, and never together with her sisters. they must never tell anyone that they have siblings. tuesday is the first one to leave the house for school. as terrence takes her out, she gets overwhelmed by the crowd and stops. they enter another sector of the city and they scan her bracelet, revealing a successful copy. terence drops her off at school and reminds her that she's the only karen setman. that night, he tells the girls that the meeting at the end of the day is when they should share all the details of the past day with their siblings. they watch tuesday's video of the day, cut to the present, and sunday is showing her videos from that day. the siblings feel sorry for the allocated girl, and wednesday makes a sly comment about caiman. thursday wonders about what would happen if they turn themselves to the cap. all of the women think that's a horrible idea. monday seems to especially dislike it, and the two of them argue. thursday wishes to live free as herself and not as karen setman, a mask they put on one day a week. wednesday and saturday tell the two to stop arguing. so thursday leaves the room saying how what they have isn't a life. in a flash forward, she remembers herself leaving the house on a saturday after her sister and grandfather have left for the day. later, terence is questioning the rest of the girls about where she could have gone. suddenly she knocks on the door, and the other girls hide. he gets a gun and opens the door to thursday standing there with a hurt hand. she has lost the tip of her finger. terence dresses her wound and scolds her. when he's done with her hand, he calls monday and says that everything they do affects each other. he cleans monday's hand with alcohol, gives her a shot, gets the cleaver and sanitizes it with fire. what happens to one of them happens to them all. he tells monday to be brave and chops her finger off. at the present, it's a monday, the day's namesake is sick, and sunday holds her head. later, monday scans her vitals and uses the information to apply her makeup. she leaves the apartment and arrives at a checkpoint to enter the sector where she works. she's stopped by adrian, who [ __ ] how he hates mondays, but he's happy he gets to see her. she gets selected for questioning. adrian questions her on the spot, and they flirt a little, then he lets her proceed. monday enters the bank where she works and is joined in the elevator by her colleague, jerry. they have an unpleasant conversation where he implies that he might know something about her. monday is worried. she doesn't come home that night, and her sisters are worried because she's not answering her phone. friday checks her bracelet, but her gps locator is turned off and she can't find her. tuesday is scared that she might be dead, and the authorities find her before they do. she thinks their lives might be over too. saturday seems chill about her being late, but thursday comments that monday has never been late for a meeting the next day. tuesday gets the scan. saturday reads her results and helps her get ready. thursday is angry that she'd eat a magic brownie. tuesday says it's good for her nerves, especially since monday is gone. thursday tells her that she needs to act normal, but she isn't so sure she can do that. tuesday steps off the elevator, and eddie tells her that he didn't see her come in the previous day. she gets to the checkpoint and passes through without a problem. when she gets to the office, tuesday puts a communication device in her ear and talks to her sisters, telling them that they got the promotion. her assistant walks in, and tuesday asks when she last synced her tablet because she forgot to log off. the assistant says that she left early to celebrate at her favorite bar. tuesday goes to the bar and drinks with the bartender, asking her about the previous night. she says that she didn't stay long because her colleague annoyed her. tuesday calls her sisters with what she found out. and saturday says that jerry knows. thursday thinks that she should question him because he might be the last person that saw monday. tuesday is stopped by agents from the child allocation bureau, and they tell her to get into a van. once inside, the officer scans her bracelet and turns her gps off. friday tells the others she lost her tuesday is taken to the cab headquarters. adrian sees her being walked inside for questioning. she's taken into a room where cayman is waiting for her. tuesday reluctantly shakes her hand and asks why she's there. the woman says that she's amazed she made it that far, considering there were seven children. tuesday continues her rouse, but the agent gives came in a file showing there are five more sisters. the woman asks if there is another way. the agent tells her that there isn't if she wants to keep it quiet. then takes out a knife. tuesday tries to bargain with caiman, but she tells her that was what the last one said. she doesn't come back that night either, and the others are restless and worried about her. wednesday thinks they should go out and help her. suddenly they see armed men on their security cameras and freak out. the men walk into the building and kill eddie. they use tuesday's out to get inside the apartment, but they don't find anyone because the sisters are hiding in their spot. thursday goes to get her father's gun, though she finds the safe empty. the men find the hiding spot and tell the siblings to step out. the main guy asks where the last one is. suddenly, thursday hits one of them over the head and uses his body as a shield. wednesday attacks the agent closest to her and fights him. while thursday incapacitates another one. when she tries to shoot him, the gun fails and he fires at her, but friday knocks him out with a bookshelf. he breaks out and takes down friday. wednesday gets trashed in her fight, and when the main guy gets ready to kill her, sunday throws boiling water on his face. saturday attacks him with an iron and tries to strangle him with a cord, but he knocks her out. the main guy gets a knife and walks toward wednesday, when she manages to make him topple over. thursday fights with the other one for his gun. eventually she manages to kill him. when the fight is over, the women see that sunday is shot in the gut. she says that she doesn't know who she is, then she dies. meanwhile, kamen visits a cab holding facility and tells the agent that she was assured that the children won't suffer. the woman has begun to feel guilty about what she has done, but the agent tells her that the parents are the guilty ones and that she is humanity's last hope. she springs back fast, telling the agent that they must localize the settlement problem because the scandal of 7 