Story Recapped here. Today, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to explain a fantasy, horror, and mystery film called, \xe2\x80\x9cSleepy Hollow.\xe2\x80\x9d Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. One stormy night, Peter Van Garrett is riding his carriage through the fields when a mysterious galloping follows him. He hears a thick cutting sound and looks outside the window only to see his driver beheaded. He jumps out of the carriage and runs through the field. He stops and sees a scarecrow and hears something approaching him. When he turns around, a scythe comes down and cuts off his head. In 1799, in New York City, police constable, Ichabod Crane, finds a floating corpse in the city river. They take the corpse to the prison to burn despite Ichabod\xe2\x80\x99s protest to properly rule out the man\xe2\x80\x99s death. Ichabod\xe2\x80\x99s strict belief in science and his relentless pursuit of justice is strongly resented among his peers and he is soon sent to a small town called Sleepy Hollow to investigate a series of murders. As he travels to his new assignment, he reflects on his scarred hands and thinks about what the town has in store for him. When Ichabod arrives, he senses the town\xe2\x80\x99s fear and paranoia. He walks up to a big house and ignores a couple making out in the shadows outside. He accidentally interrupts a party game while looking for the head of the house and receives a kiss from the daughter, Katrina Van Tassel, and meets her hostile suitor, Brom Van Brunt. Ichabod introduces himself to Katrina\xe2\x80\x99s father, the wealthy businessman, Baltus Van Tassel, and meets his second wife, Mary Preston, now known as Lady Van Tassel. The Van Tassels let Ichabod board with them for the remainder of his stay in Sleepy Hollow. As he unpacks his luggage in his room, a maid named Sarah tells him how thankful she is that a constable has arrived. He is invited by Van Tassel to his private study and meets the town elders, the local doctor, Dr. Thomas Lancaster, the Reverend Steenwyck, the magistrate, Samuel Philipse, and notary, James Hardenbrook. Ichabod lays out the details of the case. Three people have been murdered, Peter Van Garrett, his son, Dirk Van Garrett, and the Widow Winship. All three were found decapitated. The town elders inform Ichabod that the heads of the corpses were never recovered. They believe that it\xe2\x80\x99s been taken by the Headless Horseman. The horseman was a Hessian mercenary from the Revolutionary War who loved carnage and rode a giant black steed named Daredevil. He sharpened his teeth to add ferocity to his appearance and rode his horse hard into battle, chopping off the heads of his enemies. The Hessian didn\xe2\x80\x99t meet his end until one winter in 1779 when his steed was shot near Western Woods, just next to Sleepy Hollow. The soldiers chase him into the woods where he meets two little girls gathering firewood. One of the girls makes a noise that alerts the soldiers to his location. The girl looks on as her sister runs away, watching the soldiers fight the Hessian and eventually chop off his head with his own sword. They buried him in an unmarked spot deep in the woods and for 20 years, his spirits have haunted the place ever since. The town elders believe that the horseman is chopping off any head that he sees on sight. Ichabod is skeptical and they hand him a bible to read. He notices that there\xe2\x80\x99s a family tree of the Van Garretts and Van Tassels inside the book. Later that night, one of Van Garrett\xe2\x80\x99s servants, Jonathan Masbath, guards the edge of the town against the horseman. As he aims his gun at the fog, he sees something sinister. A shot is fired, a horse neighs, and seconds later, Jonathan is running through the woods from the Headless Horseman. The Hessian soon catches up to him and his sword cuts off Jonathan\xe2\x80\x99s head in one clean slice. The next morning, Ichabod sees Mr. Killian who lends him a horse named Gunpowder. He also meets Mr. Killian\xe2\x80\x99s family, his wife who serves as a midwife, Beth, and their son, Thomas. Just then, the locals fire a gun to alert the townsfolk of another murder. Ichabod arrives at the crime scene and sees that the town elders have already gathered around the body. They inform the constable about the victim, Jonathan Masbath. Ichabod reprimands them for moving the body and raises the question as to why the Hessian is taking the heads with him if the body is easily identifiable. Usually, heads are taken so that the body will not be identified. He continues to investigate the scene and brings out his own scientific contraptions, noting that the wound cauterized immediately, which means the flame must have been burning red hot. The town elders shiver at the grisly thought. Later that day, the town holds a funeral for Jonathan. Ichabod takes the orphaned young Masbath under his wing and service. As the others leave, the magistrate Philipse approaches Ichabod and tells him that Jonathan was the fifth victim and not the fourth. There are five victims buried in four graves. Suddenly, Ichabod has an idea and orders Masbath to wake him before dawn. When the dawn comes, Ichabod, together with Masbath, exhumes all four bodies. As he investigates Widow Winship\xe2\x80\x99s corpse, he notices an incision on her stomach. He takes the corpse to the town doctor\xe2\x80\x99s office and inspects it. He raises the question as to why the horseman would cut off her head and stab the widow in the stomach as well. Ichabod ushers them out as he investigates further. Hours later, a bloody Ichabod emerges from the room and announces to the town elders that Widow Winship was with child by the time she was murdered. Evening comes and Ichabod crosses the town bridge with his horse, Gunpowder. He hears a sound and sees the Headless Horseman at the end of the bridge. He runs away from the Hessian and into the woods. He stops and looks around and the horseman throws at him a blazing pumpkin head. Unbeknownst to him, the Hessian was fake for it was only Brom dressed up as the horseman, playing a cruel prank on him. At night, Ichabod dreams of his mother. He remembers her drawing circles near the hearth and tucking him in bed with his favorite red cardinal paper toy. He also remembers a horrible man lurking in the shadows. When Ichabod wakes up, he goes downstairs to get a glass of water. He hears a sound and catches Katrina reading by the fire. He learns from Katrina that her own mother died two years ago and the lady who nursed her is now her stepmother, Mary Preston, now the Lady Van Tassel. He asks her why nobody brought up the fact that the Van Tassels are related to the Van Garretts. Katrina says it\xe2\x80\x99s because everyone in Sleepy Hollow is related to each other either by blood or marriage. She then tells her how her father had come to this place as a poor man. Van Garrett had set him up with a broken-down cottage and an acre. Her father worked hard, prospered, and gave her the life she had today. Katrina then gives him a book of spells to protect him before taking him down to the old cottage where they used to live. When they arrive, Katrina notices the scars on Ichabod\xe2\x80\x99s hands. She takes him to the old fireplace and starts drawing on the ashes. He gasps as he sees that it\xe2\x80\x99s the same symbol from the one his mother drew in his dreams. She then shows him the carving of an archer deep into the fireplace, saying that the carving was already there before they even moved in. Ichabod then shows her his red cardinal paper toy. Separate pictures that become one once you spin them fast enough. Later that night, Ichabod eavesdrops as the town elders hold a secret meeting. It seems like the magistrate Philipse has packed his luggage and is to set out of town. He follows the magistrate and stops him by the fields. Ichabod confronts him about the Widow Winship and her child. It turns out the widow had sought out his help to protect the rights of her child and so he was bound by oath to keep that secret. Philipse knows who the father of the child is and reassures him that it was the horseman who killed her. Feeling frustrated, Ichabod denies the existence of the horseman. Suddenly, their conversation is cut short by the bleating of goats. Philipse gasps as he sees the shadow of the Hessian galloping towards them. The magistrate tries to run away but the horseman catches up to him and chops off his head. Ichabod falls to the ground as Philipse\xe2\x80\x99s head rolls towards him. The Hessian runs towards him and takes the head with his sword just before Ichabod faints. When Ichabod wakes up, Van Tassel, Katrina, and young Masbath visit him. He is hysterical as he tells them that the horseman really does exist before fainting again. He dreams of his mother again and this time they are playing in the forest as it snows. The dream suddenly turns dark as a young Ichabod witnesses her mother getting abused by the horrible man. Ichabod wakes up and announces to the town elders that he will go to the Western Woods today and look for the horseman\xe2\x80\x99s grave. He ends up going with only the young Masbath. He learns that Masbath\xe2\x80\x99s father worked for the Van Garretts and that one particular thing happened a week before the Van Garretts\xe2\x80\x99 deaths. An argument erupted between the father and son and later Masbath\xe2\x80\x99s father was sent for by Mr. Van Garrett. They continue their journey into the woods and stop near a trail leading into a cave. As they get nearer, they hear the voice of a woman and Ichabod takes out his gun. They slowly walk into the cave and see a veiled woman living there. Ichabod quickly realizes that she is a witch. The witch takes Ichabod with her and orders Masbath to go outside. She lets him sit at her table as she chains herself up and prepares a ritual. He asks about the horseman and if there\xe2\x80\x99s any way to stop him. The witch tells him to shut up and the room grows silent. Suddenly, the witch lunges at him with eyes and tongue gouging out of her face. In a hoarse voice, she commands him to follow the Indian trail right to where the sun dies, where they will find the Tree of the Dead and climb down to the horseman\xe2\x80\x99s resting place. Ichabod breaks free from the witch\xe2\x80\x99s clutches and flees with Masbath. They take their horses to search for the Tree of the Dead. They soon stop on their trails and Ichabod jumps off his horse with his gun to hunt a shadow. He spots a white horse and its rider, Katrina, who followed them into the woods. Their conversation is then cut short by Masbath who leads them to a gigantic twisting tree in the middle of the woods. They finally found the Tree of the Dead. Ichabod starts chopping the roots and finds them full of blood. He continues chopping until the roots open up and reveal a hiding place full of severed heads. Ichabod concludes that the tree must be the gateway between two worlds. He jumps up the tree and starts digging on the hill. He uncovers the Hessian\xe2\x80\x99s skeleton but the skull is gone. He tells them that this must be why the horseman keeps taking heads. He will not stop until his own head is returned to him. All of a sudden, a rumbling comes from the pile of severed heads. Ichabod, Katrina, and Masbath look on in terror as the pile of heads open up, and out comes the giant steed, Daredevil, and his rider, the Headless Horseman. The Hessian gallops away in search of his next victim and Ichabod quickly follows him. The horseman arrives at the Killians\xe2\x80\x99 house and quickly eliminates Mr. Killian. Beth manages to hide Thomas under the basement and hides in the corner of the room as the murderer walks in with her husband\xe2\x80\x99s head. She too is decapitated and the horseman leaves no mercy even for little Thomas. Meanwhile, Brom, who\xe2\x80\x99s on guard duty for the night, hears the screams. He sees the horseman and fires at him, knocking him off his horse. The headless body makes its way towards him as he reloads his gun, but Brom manages to fight back. The Hessian throws a knife at Brom\xe2\x80\x99s knee, hindering his abilities. Ichabod arrives and tries to help his friend. He stabs the horseman in the back as they make a run for it across the bridge. As they turn around to look for their enemy, the horseman surprises them from the back and stabs Ichabod on the shoulder then tosses him aside. He then lures Brom into the bridge and fights him again, landing a few swings on him before finally cutting his torso in half. Ichabod looks up as he sees the Headless Horseman walking away before he faints again. Back at Van Tassel\xe2\x80\x99s house, Dr. Lancaster inspects Ichabod\xe2\x80\x99s wounds. The doctor is surprised that the wound has fared well and has bled very little. When Ichabod wakes up, he apologizes to Katrina right away to defend Brom. He then tells them that the horseman doesn\xe2\x80\x99t kill at random. Someone who\xe2\x80\x99s alive must have dug out the Hessian\xe2\x80\x99s skull and is using it to control him to do their bidding. His theory is dismissed as Katrina makes him drink a homebrewed potion. As Ichabod sleeps, he dreams of the horrible man again, but this time it\xe2\x80\x99s the headless horseman. He goes inside a red door to a room full of torture devices and accidentally stabs his hands into one of the devices before finding his mother dead with a thousand holes stabbed into her. Ichabod wakes up and runs into Katrina\xe2\x80\x99s arm. He reveals to her that his mother was murdered by this father in an attempt to save her damned soul. He was only seven years old when he lost her and he lost her faith in religion as well. As Ichabod and Katrina grow closer together, they show their vulnerable side and express their attraction to one another. They soon share an intimate embrace. By the time Ichabod wakes up, he lays out the fact of the case with Masbath. He thinks that there must be a conspiracy brewing amongst the town elders for they were arguing on the night the magistrate was murdered. Ichabod then concludes to make a record of every man and woman in Sleepy Hollow, starting with the chief citizen, Lord Van Tassel. Masbath agrees that Van Tassel must be the chief citizen now since the Van Garretts are dead. Suddenly, Ichabod has an idea and takes Masbath with him to see the notary. When they arrive at Hardenbrook\xe2\x80\x99s office, Masbath sees his father\xe2\x80\x99s satchel. They learn from the notary that since all of the Van Garretts is dead, the estate will pass on to the next of kin which is the Van Tassels. Just then, Masbath reveals a document from his father\xe2\x80\x99s satchel. It turns out that Peter Van Garrett created a new will leaving his estate to the Widow Winship. The two secretly married and left everything to their unborn child. Hardenbrook admits to being pulled in unwillingly into the plot. Ichabod concludes that Reverend Steenwyck knew about the marriage because he performed the ceremony, Dr. Lancaster attended the pregnant woman, Magistrate Philipse gave protection of the law, and the notary Hardenbrook concealed the documents. The four elders had conspired to have Van Garretts and Widow Winship eliminated so that there would be no more heirs to claim. Masbath\xe2\x80\x99s father was drawn into the plot as he was the one who bore witness to Van Garrett\xe2\x80\x99s new will, ultimately leading to his death. This way the only one who will inherit Van Garrett\xe2\x80\x99s fortune is none other than Baltus Van Tassel himself. Ichabod returns to his room and finds Katrina who inquires about the investigation. He refuses to tell her anything of importance and slips the will into his drawer. When she leaves, Masbath finds a symbol drawn under Ichabod\xe2\x80\x99s bed, telling him that it\xe2\x80\x99s the evil eye and someone is casting spells against him. Later that night, Ichabod and Masbath follow a hooded figure leaving the house and heading for the woods. Masbath waits for him by a tree as he goes further. Hidden amongst the trees, Ichabod finds Lady Van Tassel making love with Reverend Steenwyck, as she digs a dagger into her hand and wipes it onto the man\xe2\x80\x99s back. Ichabod and Masbath return to the house immediately and find that the new will had been stolen. Ichabod rides to the old cottage and catches up to Katrina as she burns the will to protect her father. The two argue, conflicted about their feelings for one another and his sense of justice, and Katrina bids him goodbye. Ichabod talks to Lady Van Tassel but Katrina still refuses to talk to him. She confronts him and tells him that she knows that he saw her last night. She then asks him to keep it from her husband. Just then, Lord Van Tassel enters the kitchen and tells them Hardenbrook has killed himself. Reverend Steenwyck has called a meeting at the church where everyone will speak against Ichabod. Van Tassel advises him to leave immediately. As the townsfolk gather at the church, Van Tassel waits for his wife on his horse as she picks out some herbs for her wound. Suddenly, the Headless Horseman appears from behind the trees and chops off her head. Van Tassel arrives at the church and warns Katrina about the Hessian who had just killed her stepmother. They run inside the church as the horseman arrives. The headless murderer stops for he cannot enter the inside of a church. The people start shooting at the Hessian through the windows while an argument ensues amongst the town elders. Van Tassel takes out his gun to defend himself as Dr. Lacanster starts confessing that the four of them were bewitched and were forced to plot against him. But before he could finish confessing, Reverend Steenwyck hits him on the head and kills him. Van Tassel then fires his gun at the reverend. He backs away and points out his gun, threatening everyone to stay back. Suddenly, the window breaks, and Van Tassel is harpooned out by the Headless Horseman. Katrina screams as his father is dragged out of the church and has his head cut off. She faints and Ichabod sees the pink chalk near her palm. It turns out that she was the one who drew the symbol under his bed. Ichabod and Masbath take Katrina back to the house but she hasn\xe2\x80\x99t woken up yet. Ichabod suspects that she is the one who has brought the horseman back to life. He calls for his carriage and prepares to leave. As he\xe2\x80\x99s passing through the village, he sees the townsfolk carrying Lady Van Tassel\xe2\x80\x99s body into the morgue. He opens the spellbook that Katrina gifted him and learns that the symbol she\xe2\x80\x99s drawing wasn\xe2\x80\x99t the evil eye but a protection spell for loved ones against evil spirits. Ichabod knows he has to make things right and asks the carriage to turn back to the town. Ichabod heads the morgue and inspects Lady Van Tassel\xe2\x80\x99s corpse. It\xe2\x80\x99s just as he suspected. The cut on the hand was made when the body was already dead. This body was not Lady Van Tassel. Meanwhile, back at the house, Katrina faints after she sees her stepmother alive and well. Lady Van Tassel takes Katrina to an old windmill and unbeknownst to her, Masbath follows them. She cuts a lock of her stepdaughter\xe2\x80\x99s hair and uses it in her spell. It turns out that it was Lady Van Tassel all along. She stole the horseman\xe2\x80\x99s head and had made a pact with the devil to bring the Headless Horseman back to life to do her bidding. She summons the Hessian from the Tree of the Dead one last time to kill Katrina. When Katrina wakes up, Lady Van Tassel reveals her true nature. She killed one of the maids, Sarah, and used her body to disguise her own death. Her real name wasn\xe2\x80\x99t Mary Preston, but it\xe2\x80\x99s Mary Archer. Her family lived in an old cottage and served the Van Garretts for years. When her father died, they got evicted and were outcasts living in the woods because her mother was suspected of witchcraft. After a year, her mother died and she and her sister were left to fend off for themselves. While gathering firewood, she witnessed the horseman\xe2\x80\x99s death and at that moment, she offered her soul to the devil to help her bring the Hessian back to life to avenge her. She killed the town elders and anyone who knew her plot, even her own sister, the witch who lived in the woods. She will kill the Van Garretts who starved her family and take their estate and kill the Van Tassels who stole their cottage. All that\xe2\x80\x99s left to do is kill Katrina and she will have everything she wanted. As Lady Van Tassel drones on, Masbath creeps behind her with a hammer, but she turns to him and makes him drop the weapon. Katrina and Masbath run out of the windmill just in time to meet up with Ichabod. The horseman drives them back up to the mill and they barred the doors. They climb up to the roof just as the Hessian knocks down the door. He chops down the ladder but Ichabod and the rest of the group make it to the roof. He drops a gaslight down to the mill, hoping to burn the horseman alive. The three grab hold of the windmill and jump as soon as they get near the ground. They run away just as the windmill erupts in an enormous blast of fire, but the Headless Horseman survives. The three ride the carriage and the pursuit continues. Katrina takes the reins as Ichabod shoots at the horseman. He\xe2\x80\x99s knocked down by a tree branch and is left riding the devil\xe2\x80\x99s steed. He jumps back to the carriage and pushes the horseman back to his own horse. As they\xe2\x80\x99re both dragged by their own horses, Ichabod makes his way back to the carriage and faces the horseman. A struggle ensues and the other two jump to the horses as the carriage breaks free. Ichabod grabs hold onto the reins as the carriage strays away and jumps into a ditch together with Hessian. Ichabod, Katrina, and Masbath arrive at the Tree of the Dead and face Lady Van Tassel who shoots Ichabod on the chest. She grabs Katrina and orders the Headless Horseman to take her. Ichabod regains consciousness and realizes that the book of spells saved his life. He jumps at Lady Van Tassel who lets go of Katrina. The two stumble to the ground and struggle to get ahold of the horseman\xe2\x80\x99s skull. Meanwhile, Masbath grabs a branch and knocks out Lady Van Tassel. The horseman grabs Katrina and is about to chop her head off when Ichabod grabs the skull and tosses it back to the Hessian. The horseman regains his head and the contract is broken, he is no longer under the wicked stepmother\xe2\x80\x99s bidding. Ichabod and Katrina embrace and he shows her how her gift has protected her. The Hessian, now with his head, takes Lady Van Tassel into his arms and gives her a bloody kiss. Lady Van Tassel realizes that she has lost. She screams as the horseman takes her into the Tree of the Dead and to the depths of hell. The three look at the stepmother\xe2\x80\x99s remaining arm as they realize that it\xe2\x80\x99s finally over and Ichabod faints again. After a while, Ichabod marries Katrina and brings her, as well as Masbath to New York City, where they will live a new and blissful life. 