okay, so i'm very excited for the snyder cut. it's something i've been covering for the last three years. and just before it drops, i thought i'd subject myself to the punishment that is justice league one last time. whether it's the bad cgi, the good cgi, what? well, the plot holes that exist in it, the film feels like a massive mess of mediocrity that, for better or worse, is now being flushed down the toilet along with joss whedon's career. the movie was mostly re-shot, re-edited, and those behind it were given a studio mandate of a two-hour runtime that hopefully the new version will rectify. but is it even that bad? well, join me, fellow spoiler men and women, as we journey into the annals and anus of the movie to discuss all the crap that comes with it. if this is your first time here, then please smash the thumbs up button and make sure you subscribe for videos like this every week. without the way. i'm your host, paul. now let's get into why justice league sucks. okay, so the movie opens with what is probably the biggest cgi blunder of all time, because paramount contractually had it put in place that henry cavill wasn't allowed to shave his mustache for mission impossible. the majority of the time that he appears in the movie, his lower jaw has been digitally replaced. rather than having cavill just have a full beard for the film, which would have been the smart thing to do, they instead have the character looking like a post-surgery burn victim who's had a skin graft off the arse of this movie stuck onto his face. it just seems off throughout, but a lot of the time, you just can't quite put your finger on it. however, because of that, it's hard not to be taken out of the film. whenever the actor appears on screen, he'll constantly sit trying to figure out what cgi and what isn't. and it makes for one of the movies most glaring issues. on top of this is the constant need to try and divert away from the tone that was set out in man of steel and bbs, criticized for being too dark. it's clear that the studio wanted to try and change course so that things were more in line with marvel's highly successful mcu. and thus they thought that injecting bright colour and humor was all that had to be done. superman appears in a much louder costume than he ever wore before he died. and to me, retcons like this are completely baffling. it's almost like they think we won't remember soups just stood about frying plastic eggs whilst looking depressed because the world had turned his actions into political statements. the suit never had the saturation turned up to 11. and as he died before ever getting a brighter version, this just seems stupid. over the film, he could have come back and been resurrected as a beacon of hope, which would have felt less jarring, in my opinion. they also could have explored how humanity had often criticized him, but after his return, they realized all their wrongdoings. but nope, drop that interesting examination of our culture, and instead just have him go around filming videos for kids while spouting off nonsense about how the symbol is a river of hope, or some crap. and why this is even worse is because the exact same thing had been done in spider-man homecoming months before. however, unlike that film, justice leagues just didn't fit like piers morgan at a woman's pride parade. because we'd already seen civil war from the perspective of cap and iron man, it was nice to have some actual context to what went on behind the scenes. and it also set up the narrative that peter was annoying to happy. here you got to see how excitable the character was at being asked to step up to the plate, and come the end of the movie, you watched him realize that it wasn't all fun and games. i have no idea why this scene is even in the film though, and it's crazy that this is what was left in, especially when the runtime was so strict. cut to a rooftop, and we watched some pigeons walking around in their own [ __ ]. which feels like it might be a metaphor for how the execs at warner bros felt when promoting this movie. batman traps a robber that he's decided to use as bait. because if there's one thing that batman likes doing, it's putting people in harm's way. this attracts a parody man, who he then nets up. and luckily for him, upon disintegrating, it leaves a pattern of the mother box. now, what kind of dumb idiot makes it so that all their soldiers, upon death, reveal their plan? surely, if you're making it so that your foot soldiers completely disappear upon being captured, then it's likely that you're doing this because you don't want anything revealed about what's going on when they're interrogated. this would be like if the soldier in captain america popped a cyanide pill whilst he carried around all of red skull's evil itinerary in his pocket. it just makes no sense. and what's worse is that batman then decides to talk to alfred. an earshot of the robber he's just caught. not only does he use the name alfred, we can also hear a top british bloke talking back. now if i was a criminal in gotham and heard batman using the name alfred, then the first thing i'd do would be google that name, since it's not very popular anymore, and i know it's a british person. if i was the robber, i can imagine the people who would fit the description in gotham to be quite small after tracking down that one individual. in the entirety of the usa. i don't think that it would take too long for me to figure out that batman and bruce wayne are one in the same. and it's a miracle that the dark knight hasn't been caught yet when he's worse at holding on to secrets than a parademon. batman also leaves the robot on the roof to do what he wants, because what's the point of arresting people anymore when they already know your secret identity? cut to a music video, and we watched the nightmare scene version of joss whedon reminiscing on his career in hollywood. you also see that in the wake of superman's death, that everyone is angered to the point that they're kicking over fruit stands. the world is a darker place now, and we see this exemplified in a group of bombers who plan to destroy a building with some school kits inside. they want to do this to take the modern world back to the dark ages, so that god-fearing people are something or more prevalent, and that will stop what's going on with the world. what? no. now this doesn't quite make sense for a number of reasons. and firstly, yeah, if all you plan to do is blow up a building because it represents a symbol, why not just leave the bomb in there? well, the movie does sort of answer that by letting us know that the bombers plan to go along with it. but this actually causes more issues. now, you're taking hostages, yeah, which are typically kept as a way to stop swat teams storming you. and in doing so, you have some leverage to negotiate with. however, if all you care about is blowing the building up in yourself, then just go in, don't take the hostages, and just set it off. yeah, surely that makes more sense. also, why does a bomb like this even have a countdown timer on it? you're not planning on escaping the blast? yeah, that's absolutely pointless and it makes no sense, you idiot. also, yes, shut up for a second. yeah, how would blowing this building up send us back to the dark ages? go on, tell me, no. now, i live in england, and i i don't even know what building this is yet. now that may be because i'm ignorant and i just sit about watching superhero movies all day. but even if this was knocked down in a scheduled demolition, i doubt anyone would even give a [ __ ]. so, yeah, it makes no sense. now, living in england, i can tell you that absolutely no brits use the term blocks america. yeah, sure, you can look at a map and see why they would call them that, because the streets are about as blocky as lara croft's tits. in england, though, the streets look like they were drawn by jackson pollock. so they're lying about the bomb going off and destroying city blocks. it feels more out of place and army hammer at a vegan meetup. also, there's some weird upskirting in this scene that makes me think maybe joss whedon isn't the progressive feminist that everyone thinks he is. anyway, wonder woman stops the bomb from going off, and she saves the day. it's weird that people are depressed they don't have anyone to look up to after the death of superman, when the person who's carrying all of his values and abilities is standing right there. but never mind. now, a weird thing about her is that we see her moving at super speed, but at no point in any other parts of the film does she ever employ this, even though it would come in handy jump over to bruce riding horseback across the world. and this guy's now got a full-on beard that's weird. as on the rooftop, he said that they were prepping the jet that night. so either the lad grows facial hair faster than homer simpson, or he rode the horse the entire way. good thing he's not in a big rush though, to assemble a team, and he can happily just prance about on a horse instead of using his jet to land directly in the village. bruce meets aquaman, who doesn't seem to care too much about the invasion of the planet, even though he lives on it. there's also a ridiculous scene in which a villager steps out of the way of a wall painting to show that the mother boxes are very much part of their culture, and that aquaman is central to it too. you think he'd care a bit more because of this, but nope. it goes down worse than burger king tweeting, women belong in the kitchen on international women's day. cut to the flash. he's visiting his dad in jail. and i think stuff like this highlights the issue that dc have. unless you're well-versed in the source material, you wouldn't really have any idea that he was wrongly accused of murdering barry's mother, and that barry has spent his life trying to prove his dad's innocence. because warner bros wanted to jump ahead and catch up to marvel, they skipped over so many interesting origin stories. and this film has the difficult task of trying to cram in as much backstory as it can. the truth about his childhood is completely glossed over. so we can have a bit about barry doodling on someone's face and a cameo by mark mcclure, who really should be featuring in the superman bits because he actually played jimmy olsen back in the day. now, he sets off an alert to bruce to let him know that barry is at the prison so that bruce can head to his home. surely he could have just gone there at any time and didn't have to wait for this notification, as i can imagine. yeah, if you just walk in your house and you find someone sitting in your favorite chair, you're probably gonna kick off. but, but no, bruce knows barry better than he knows himself. now, flash in general feels like he's been ripped out of the joss whedon joke book of unfunny observations. and he decides to join the team purely because most of the people that try and be his friend end up on the floor. when he's rattling off about brunch. it feels like someone trying out their first stand-up gig. and the guy is just reduced to doing jokey one-liners instead of actually being someone interesting to watch. now we're introduced to another father and son relationship in cyborg, and his dad silas completely gone is his entire backstory and why they fell out, which involved his mother's death and an almost fatal car accident for victor. instead, we just get that they don't really like each other. and if you know the behind the scenes stuff, then you'll be well aware that rayfish's role was heavily reduced. originally intended to be the heart of the movie, cyborg is now simply a robot. it feels like what would happen if we followed an iron man suit for a day at the mascara. we see steppenwolf stealing the motherbox and for some reason, this is in a guarded sanctuary. that makes absolutely no difference, as the villain just simply teleports it. there's no point in the amazonians even trying to take it out, because he could just teleport wherever they go. so it feels like an absolutely illogical action scene, also, because the line about there being no kryptonians on earth was removed. it makes no sense why steppenwolf waited this long to attack the planet. he's been biting his time for absolutely no reason and could have just calmed down at any point, stole [ __ ] without superman being aware, and then tried to take over the world that way. a steppenwolf was redesigned to be less intimidating for some reason, and the cgi for him had to be reworked completely, which i think is why this looks so bad. the guy's seen better days, literally, and he's just a generic looking figure at this point that feels about as tired as ben affleck was returning for the reshoot. now we watch the amazonians send a warning to diana, and get a scene in which we see lois and martha meet joss whedon, thinking that quirky characters are what makes the movie good. decided to add a news report about a woman discussing her husband getting an alien probe of his ass. and what feels like something that might have been better than watching this movie again. oh, matron. now i hate how she's seen in this snarky way, as in this universe, people know that aliens exist now, so why are you looking down on this woman? diana fell in the backstory of steppenwolf, and we sees he was defeated on earth before the macguffin boxes were divided up and placed around the world. now, most would have just attacked the planet again at this point when the boxes were all separated, so that they didn't have to face massive armies, and they could have just teleported in and out, job done. but not steppenwolf. no, instead, he's waited for millennia when he could have literally done exactly what he does in this movie at any point before. now the forces of middle earth unite. but instead of getting cool character development that ties in with the other films, we just get minus shots of aries and zeus that make for a pretty meaningless action scene. even lord of the rings had elrond and aragorn's ancestor, the latter of which set up aragorn struggling over whether the ring would take him too. however, this feels pretty meaningless and could have just been told to us for the amount that it actually serves the film. jump to atlantis, and we see that aquaman has changed his tune and is all of a sudden worried about the mother boxes. after hearing from a sailor that there's aliens, he heads to the holding place of the atlantean one, just in time to see steppenwolf stop by and steal it with no sweat, like prince andrew, when you villains simply can drop in and drop out. there's no real tension to the action scenes, and the character has barely any resistance, making these moments feel flat. i have no idea why arthur headed to this location too, as not really being involved in atlantean culture at this point, you wouldn't know about this place, but i guess i just tell everyone. we also meet meera, played by scamberted. i don't know why, but something about her just isn't likeable in this moment. anyway, she does a bit of exposition, but we don't really learn anything all that important. diana also reaches out to cyborg, who shows up with no questions asked. after reading some text on a screen, cyborg decides he doesn't want to join them, before changing his mind five minutes later for absolutely no reason, making for a pointless moment. again. now, i actually like the bit on the rooftop where they all disappear as uh. that's a staple in batman comics, so i did appreciate the joke. what's that? i see, can be fair sometimes. anyway, good to gotham harbour, and we see steppenwolf interrogating people for the mother boxes location, even though he found the hidden ones really easily. let's break down the locations so you can see why this makes no sense, that he has to go to people for this final one when the other ones were so easy to find. now, the first mother box was on demascara, an invisible island in the middle of the ocean, protected by magic that's so well hidden not even diana knows how to get back to it. the second is an atlantean tower hidden so well in the depths of the ocean that no mortal man has ever discovered it. but stephen wolf can easily track it down lastly, is the one in the house that he can't find and has to interrogate people over to learn where it is. dumb, dumb. and the fight scene isn't actually that bad, action wise, and it's probably the strongest part of the movie. however, i don't really feel like this is a good way to show the league's abilities as a team. and all of them seem pretty useless in the fight, with batman just getting into a tank and shooting at everyone. there's also a weird scene in which flash lands on wonder woman's boobs. and after the same thing happened in age of ultron, it makes me think that joss whedon might not be the progressive feminist that everyone thinks he is. aquaman shows about nowhere for some reason. and the fight ends with the justice league defeated. but in that same breath, steppenwolf doesn't really win either, as he leaves without learning where the mother box is. so all in all, it's a complete waste of time. back at the batcave, they regroup, and batman has a bit that sort of character. it made me bloody hate that guy during it. he mocks diana for still pining for chris aka steve rodge trev a, steve trevor. which one is rich coming from a guy that's still obsessed over his parents deaths. and b, isn't something that he would say because of the last point. batman is someone that has dealt with grief his entire life, and for him to be mocking a person who lost the love of their life during a war, it just seems like something a sociopath would say. the guy has spent the entire movie trying to unite the team, and this line is something that's always stuck out to me as being completely terrible. also, why is batman so desperate to resurrect superman? he's seen firsthand that doomsday is certainly something that could happen, but instead he just puts his foot down and decides that this idea is the best plan they have. next we cut to an even more awkward scene that shows flash in cyborg digging up clark's body. now something that seems stupid here is that flash could do this in the blink of an eye, but rather than speeding through it and getting the body out of there instantly, they'd rather just do it as slowly as possible. jump to the kryptonian ship, and we see them trying to resurrect clock. there's no power, but for some reason i think that if flash just runs out the motherbox, it'll charge very fast. glad, glad, we're following the rules of signs here. we also see the photo of jonathan that clock was buried with get dunked into some water, because they don't really view clock as a person, just a weapon to fight with complete disrespect. superman comes back to life, and from here we watch the fight outside. this was originally meant to be at night, but everyone knows a good movie is based solely on what time of day it is. so the studio changed to today time because, marvel, marvel, marvel, because they need a reason for them to go head to head. cyborg's arm cannon attacks him, and the group have a scuffle. that shows when it comes to head, butting that superman is an equal opportunist. i do like the eye bit though. good bit that. so let's keep watching this movie. now. evan shows up, and then we get one of the worst callbacks to any movie ever was it was great the first time around, but here it just feels like a meme because of this bit. rather than it being a badass moment, it's reduced to us just staring at that botched botox that has been done to henry's lips that makes him look like leslie ash in the 90s. now, i wish that he they just said martha or something. and even though i don't really like that line that much, since amy adams has absolutely nothing to really do in the movie, they've decided that she's now the big guns and she's brought into the battle because, as we know, bruce doesn't mind putting people in danger. now, first off, how does he know that supes won't completely rip a report? i mean, up until this point he's been head-butting women, so i don't really see why this would be any different. secondly, how do you even explain to her that you're trying to bring a boyfriend back to life, and you just need her to wait in the car on the off chance that it might not work? luckily, it does. yeah, but we get another facepalm moment when we learn the league just left the mother box lying around, and this steppenwolf can come in and steal it. seriously, these are earth's best protectors? yeah. are these the guys who are relying on saving us. what a [ __ ] show. now on the other side of this is the russian family that we follow throughout for some reason they thought it would be a good idea to waste time on nameless characters that we know nothing about, who pretty much pop up in the film to show us things at steppenwolf space. however, when these characters are reduced to being nobodies, makes it difficult to care. so you're left with a big chunk of the movie that could have been removed without losing any of the plot. they're not big name actors, don't have any charisma, sorry, guys, unfunny, and also don't have any emotional moments. so spending any time with them is completely pointless. back at the bat cave, bruce asks aquaman to put some feelers into the ocean. and this pun is so bad it must have given the screenwriters hemorrhoids trying to push this [ __ ] out. the last thing about this entire scene, they're better because it's a complete mess. most of the time, in movies like this, we sort of get a triumphant moment where the heroes realize that if they work together, they can do it. it's inspirational and drives home the sacrifice that they're willing to give. however, here they all just think they're gonna die. and so you feel pretty deflated heading into the ending. and what an ending it is. for some reason, this entire scene feels like it was mastered by someone colorblind, and leads to the worst looking set piece that i've ever seen. the entire thing looks like a bag of malwa. and at one point, batman blasts his way through his shield, which has about as much purpose as the russian family. every shield can be destroyed this easily? yeah? and it's not much of a shield, and it's just head scratching. why i thought to put this in. anyway, inside the dome, we watch our heroes get annihilated by steppenwolf again. but luckily, superman 64 shows up and he saves the day. another thing in this moment that i can't understand is why they cgi'd out batman's goggles on his head. there was no reason to do this at all. and just feels like they focus so much on removing the my new details that they forgot about the bigger picture. now, rather than staying behind to stop the mother boxes from destroying the world, supes decides to fly off and start saving people. because for some reason, there's always been something that says, if superman isn't out saving people, then he's not superman. it's a critique that's been lobbied against a lot of these movies. but to me, it makes a little sense, because surely he's saving them by stopping the villain. but never mind. he has to fly off because of reasons. and the league struggle with steppenwolf once more, even though superman could kick the crap out of him also, yeah, if you picked up a building on its side, right? yeah, it wouldn't look like this, mate, i tell you. it wouldn't lie flat like that. but, you know, i, i don't really, i don't, i don't even care at this point. now, eventually, the league managed to stop steppenwolf by smashing his axe. and this defeats him because he feels scared or something. we don't know if he lives or dies, but maybe they should have just done this at the start, and then we could have saved 30 minutes. anyway, flowers sprout up from this for some some reason. and then everyone returns to normal with clark kent coming back from the dead without any questions being asked. the power's credit scene has a cool little call back to the comics with superman and flash racing. but again, the cgi is so bad it's difficult not to think, what the [ __ ] is going on at this point. the second one features everyone's favorite version of lex luthor being deathstroke for the legion of doom film that, because of this movie, will probably never happen. it's a big waste of time, bigger than this video. but hopefully you've enjoyed me discussing why justice league sucks. let's forget this never happened, and hopefully this snyder cut will be better. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on it, so make sure you drop them in the comments below. and as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be ending into a prize through on the 31st of march, in which we're giving away three copies of a marvel 4k boxer of your choice. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with exactly what you think the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of all the easter eggs in one division, which will be linked on screen right now. about 35 minutes long. it's probably boring as hell, but you know, we point out some cool deals. so definitely check it out after this. by the way, thank you for sticking through the video. i've been poor. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 