listen to a lot of people, this is like the new black mirror. it already has a similar intro. and to others, it could be if half of the 18 episodes worked. I've yet to see someone who loves all 18. but at least the beauty of the show is that it is an anthology series, and it varies between lengths. so while one may not work for you, that one could have been like five minutes long, and then you just jump to another one that could be 30 minutes long, but you may find it to be a masterpiece. they vary in animation styles and genres. some are way bloodier than others, cuz really, at the end of the day, it seemed like David Fincher and Tim Miller wanted to make animation that was purely for adults, and then do it for adults. I personally had a rough 5 that set out for me, so I'll quickly recap the rest as well, because, again, they may have not worked for me, but maybe you find them intriguing. if you don't know anything about the show, it's on Netflix if you want to see it before I talk about it, because I will get into spoilers, because at the end of the day. I think it's exciting that through this show on Netflix, a bunch of animators are getting the work funded and seen. so for that alone, it averages out to a jr. price for me that you can actually stream in your couch. let me explain. so for starters, we have shapeshifters and the secret war that I thought was pretty interesting as shorts. but if these things were videogames, they would have been great. they both look beautiful, to the point of maybe being too photorealistic. but I think it comes down to these shots not comparing to something like the revenant, where ya motion capture allows filmmakers to not have their actors sleep in a bear carcass. but there also comes a point with animation and the story where I feel it would be better suited for a different medium. the graph shows that as a robot becomes more and more human-like, we get more and more comfortable with it, until it hits the peak, and then we crash into the uncanny valley. and it worst a still robot will remind us of a corpse, and a moving robot will remind us of a zombie. that said, Yoda motion captured a horse for like days. others look beautiful, like fish. nay, I thought they showcased the animation really well, even though it was really depressing. now, this guy was hallucinating and then just jumped to his death. some sort of genius, like this one about an app that can show you alternate realities. but, like, what they showcase to me was, it was kind of dumb. it's different realities of how Hitler dies, but it involves sentient rats, gelatin. this is a short that comes from guys who also made these to other ones where yogurt becomes sentient and takes over the world as they move to another planet. three robots from them was was, I guess, the best one. it was these three robots who have human characteristics, and they even speak like humans. they they don't know anything about humans, though, even though they're also connected to some sort of network. and then turns out, by the end of it, that can't have been running everything on earth. and they just wait for new owners to come to pet them. and, you know, after seeing whether they would Captain Marvel and how much they sold with that cat, it's a pretty realistic ending. the witness, I think, might have been the first one that I can't sands it. Netflix was doing this weird thing with the anthology series where it would play you at a random episode. so I don't really know if this is the first one or the last one, but this is when I started off with. and it was intriguing when it started off, because we follow a woman who got killed, only to realize that it's this cycle where they run away from each other, only realize that they're each other's killers by the end of one cycle. and then they're trying to run away from the other killer. and it's like that, I had no partner, they're gonna ask each other what the heck is going on. suits played, and I thought Netflix was playing me an ad for an Android app. it's pretty much farmville of rednecks fighting aliens in their Megazords. but the twist here is that they're not on earth, but they're inhabiting another planet, where they're living in these orbs. and these native creatures are just trying to protect their own land. so gentrification a la avatar cupping han was gravity meets 127 hours, and it was pretty crazy. again, would have been dope as a videogame. blind-spot was a sock in boppers, high short where where people were able to live eternally, externally. lucky thirteen was cute since it follows his bond between a pilot and her ship who's always managed to get them out of perilous situations. and again, the motion capture in this, and also on Sony's edge, continues to showcase what I believe the future is going to be. Studios having copies of actors in their vault to use whenever. from a technical side, the the behind the scenes fall out of these are sometimes even more intriguing than the plots, in my opinion. they talk about how encapture allows the actors to truly perform, because they don't have to worry too much about blocking. they don't have to focus on a specific camera, allowing free range. that's pretty cool. just like my number five pick ice age has Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Topher Grace finding a tiny civilization in their freezer. that's moving. and fast forward, and I personally like this one because it has Mary Elizabeth Winstead. I also enjoy miniatures and how they evolve, and it has mary elizabeth winstead. there's not really any answers as to how it started, but what I didn't get was how this little, tiny civilization didn't explore the space outside of their freezer. but it was interesting to see a time-lapse of the miniature civilization what's probably just a metaphor for the bacteria that's in their freezer that they later on consume by accidents and probably get very sick. imagine uncharted Indiana Jones, but has a rated-r. Saturday morning cartoon, I'm a big fan of this 2d animation. and and while the violins can be seen as over-the-top, I love the fact that they're using animation to its fullest potential, especially when the situation is unleashing a thousand vampires. and this juxtaposition of 2d animation, which were Houston being kind of more family-friendly, and this mature stuff, I found intrigue. this boy got played. I really loved the animation in this one because it felt like a graphic novel come to life. it's like I was reading a Dark Horse or vertigo series. and it's clear the director has an eye for masterpieces. we start off in a magic driven world that quickly gets hit with a steampunk revolution. and we have this story about a boy who's getting duped into helping this enchantress that he was actually supposed to kill. but this lady is playing the long con in order to get this guy to upgrade her assassin body into one ninetails killing machine. I thought it was gorgeous. I thought this world could be an entire series, or, like I said, a graphic novel, because I would buy that day one. this one, it's trippy. pretty much, a space crew gets trapped in this creatures web that is able to mentally manipulate them because it's a nice little creature, and because it doesn't want them to be doomed to existence, since they are light-years away from their course, it creates this almost fantasy where they allows them to die slowly and not turn them into cannibals or have them go crazy, which I guess it's ideal. just throw in a lifetime supply of virtual chicken tenders. what's crazy is the behind the scenes to this one, because they had to create a sex scene out of motion capture. and if a real one was already awkward, imagine capturing one where there's no skin-to-skin contact because you're wearing suits and bubbles and death. it's weird. you have to make it sexy, but it's not sexy at all because it's 8 a.m. actors have weird suits on them. you have bunch of technicians on the studio, and there is no alcohol involved. finally, there's my favorite one, easily, which is Zima blue. and I love this one because the animation looks like Samurai Jack meets Blade Runner. it's gorgeous. pretty much, you have this artist who everyone loves. they adore this guy. his name is Zima. he's creating all these incredible pieces that then start including this Zima blue square that becomes more and more prominent in everything that he does. then, not only does he beat out Trump for the biggest self-named block in a city, but he himself is upgrading his body, or at least people believe that he is, in order to endure these crazy conditions. everyone's pretty much looking at this guy as if he's Kanye Ilan and holder Oski combined into what. yeah, 1000% believe that those cyborg AI Wright's with technology as gonna be our next political fight. it turns out that this genius inventor who everyone looks up to, right is actually a pool cleaner. pretty much, he was created to be this pool cleaner by this genius who started upgrading the pool cleaner a little by little by little. and then by the time she died, and by the time it got passed around from owner to owner, it became more sentient that named itself Zima, after the color of the tiles it used. to claim myself, it's the trickiest thing in the world, but pretty much, now that this thing has become this iRobot, it starts exploring all the cosmos, searching for the meaning of life, trying every experience possible, only to realize that the greatest happiness this thing ever achieved was doing the thing it was created to do, regardless of how simple it looked to the world. now, imagine if kinda just came apart during a toy it turned out he was a toaster this whole time. I think you have checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. which were your favorites? what are other shows that you recommend? I know season 5 black men came out as well. there's like some secret episodes people don't know about. they're on YouTube and other stuff. that have come out. so I do want to make a video on that, and of course, a bunch of other stuff. but let me know your thoughts on this series, if you're excited for a second season. I feel like it got a lot of excitement during South by, which was the week that it came out, but no one's really talking about it. so I don't know if, again, that's the Netflix effect of things getting buried, but I'm curious to know which ones were your favorite, if there are other series like this out there that you would recommend, be it under the streaming firt service, let me know as well. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, or the yo plate will guide you into space. 