[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1993 Halloween classic, hocus pocus. so let's get started. the film opens in 1693 near Salem, Massachusetts, when Thackery Binx eases little sister Emily taken to the cottage of three witches, Winifred, Sarah and Mary Sanderson. the Sanderson sisters cast a spell on Emily to absorb her youth to make them young again, and kill Emily in the process. Thackeray confronts the witches, only to be transformed into a mortal black cap. the witches are captured by the town folks, and before the sisters are hung, a spell is cast that will resurrect the witches during a full moon on All Hallows Eve, when a virgin lights the black flame candle. 300 years later, max Tennyson and his younger sister, Danny, are trick-or-treating when they run into Max's crush, Alison. Alison states that her family owns the Sanderson house, and the three go to the house. while inside, Mac selects the black flame candle, which resurrects the witches, who now plan on taking the souls of all the Salem children. Mac steals their spell book after being instructed to buy the cat Thakuri. The Witches chase them and Winifred resurrects her unfaithful lover, Billie butcher's son, The Witches try to blend in, but are horrified to find out what Halloween has become in the modern era. the witches must get the souls of the children using the spell book, before Sun rises, otherwise they will be destroyed. the kids find their parents at a Halloween party and try to warn them, but Winifred enchants all the partygoers with a song, the children try to burn the witches, but are unsuccessful at destroying them. the kids attempt to reverse that careese curse, but fail. the sisters track them down in kidnap Danni. Sara Sanderson sings to draw in all the children of Salem. the kids, however, are able to rescue Danny. at the cemetery, they encounter Billy, who joins them to protect Danny. the sisters attack and Winifred tries to absorb Danny's soul with potion, Thakuri stops her, but is mortally wounded. max drinks the potion, so they have to absorb his soul. and as the sisters attack, the Sun rises and the sisters are turned adults. Billie returns to his grave. Thakuri dies in region his sister. as the film ends, the parents are awoken from the trance, and we see the spellbook is still active, possibly to resurrect the sisters one day. so that was the spoilers for hocus pocus. if you have another film you'd like to see a spoil please let us know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram for our monthly giveaways, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 