welcome to the man of recaps. this is the bachelorette epic, two-part finale. strap yourselves in, cuz it's time for a wild ride. we start off with the rose ceremony, following fantasy suite week. Peter, Tyler and Jed are still in the running. it's a tough decision. Hannah likes all of them, but the guy she sends home is Peter. no, he was one of my favorites. a nice, cool guy. and of course, sex in Owen mill. and in the live sit downs, Hannah reveals a secret. it wasn't twice in the windmill. it was four times. anyway, it's time for the final two to meet Hannah's family. and they love Tyler. he's super hot and just, you know, comes across as a real, genuine, nice guy. and is excited for them to meet Jed, her favorite, because he's a cool rock star. but they're really not impressed. they're like, this guy comes across a little weird. before hannah has to make her final decision, she gets to go on one more date each. she takes Tyler horseback riding, since they failed so miserably at it back in Europe. this time they do a lot better and, you know, just have a really beautiful time together. she and Jed go sailing, and it looks beautiful, but the waves are actually really choppy. um, it's kind of an awful time. and now it's the moment of truth. Hannah's got a real tough decision to make. she loves both these guys. she sees Tyler first, and he jumps right into his pre-proposal speech, but Hannah cuts him off. she's gonna pick Jed. hoof poor Tyler. it's so awkward. he's ready to put himself out there and propose for real. so it's time for Jed. he's been the front-runner for a long time, and it just really likes him. he gives his own proposal speech, which, of course, includes a guitar, and he gets down on a knee and asked Ana to marry him. and she says yes. true hub conquers all, and these two live happily ever after. oh, wait a second. there's an hour left in the episode. unfortunately, that's not where this journey ends. they were blissfully engaged for two months, until Hanna found out that Jed had a girlfriend. if you've been keeping up with Bachelorette rumors. you read this same article a few weeks back. apparently it was news to Hanna - according to this girl, she and Jed did not break up before he went on The Bachelorette. he was like, hey, I'm just gonna go get some publicity, and you know, I'll come right back to you, baby. unfortunately for him, he ended winning. jed tries to downplay explaining that they weren't officially dating. there was not a label on it. and I never was like, this is my girlfriend. she met my parents, throwing a surprise birthday party, vacation to the Bahamas. I told her that I loved her, yeah, but hate to break it to you, you had a girlfriend. so the big question is, will Hannah forgive him, or is the engagement over? and it comes out live to confirm that she and Jed are dunzo. so it seems like this season of The Bachelorette ends in heartbreak. but then they bring out Tyler to a standing ovation the near bow of bachelor nation. if it were me in his shoes, I'd probably be gloating a little saying, you should have picked me, but I'm a terrible person. Tyler is just super sweet and supportive, like he's always been. the audience really wants these two to get together, and Hannah's open to it. she's like, hey, what if we just go on a real date as normal people? Tyler says, yes. oh. so it's a happy ending. if you care, you can follow these two on social media. I'm sure this has been my first ever time watching a bachelor show, and hey, you know, there were a lot of fun times, a lot of crazy times. I hope you guys have enjoyed these recaps. bachelor in paradise starts next week, featuring my boy John Paul Jones. I will probably not be recapping it, because I have, you know, better things to do. but I might still be watching it too, just for actual fun. until next time, men, have recaps out. [Music]. 