welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your captain. definition. in this video, we're breaking down Picard episode six. our mission is to boldly go where no one has gone before and give our thoughts on the new entry, as well as what could be happening in the future. we're now past the halfway point of the season, and things are really starting to take shape. throughout this video, we'll be discussing the ins and outs of the vi episodes plot, it's Easter eggs, and what we thought of it as a whole. we will be engaging with heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to catch the show yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off. now, if you've been enjoying our breakdown so far, then please give us a thumbs up and make sure you subscribe to the channel to never miss a video on the series. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into our breakdown of Picard, episode 6. ok, so just a quick recap of the series so far. after the death of datas daughter, dodge, picard made it his mission to track down a twin sister, Shoji. after he and his allies managed to get Bruce Mannix, they discovered where Shoji was and set out to the ball cube to find out what was really going on. episode 6, like all of the episodes in Picard, opens with a look at the past. this comes in the form of a nightmare that Shoji is having. and we see her as a child wandering into a father's lab. I loved how everything in the car door looks warped and twisted, and this is mainly due to its design. and it gives an almost otherworldly feeling. so do you wake up before she can find out the truth? and we then cut to her and Eric in bed, and shouts, whoever did the eyebrow makeup on him, because, yeah, you missed a spot. don't worry, though, we're not here a dunk on the episode. and yeah, it's another solid entry in my opinion. Shoji doesn't know if her nightmare is a real memory, or if it's something that she fabricated. and we later learn that it's an implant. now, this could be a memory of the real Sochi, and perhaps she stumbled across a father creating a replicated version of her or it could just be a manner in which she discovers that she's not a real person. the fact that dodge isn't there, when we know that there were twins and did everything together, highlights to me that this may be the real Shoji. but I'll leave that up to you to guess. as for now, I'm just exploring all of the options on the ship. dr. Agnes has some splaining to do, and she pretty much gets away with murder. this episode is very bored coupe centric. and even the title, The Impossible Box, is referencing its design. there's also a box that takes the form of a puzzle in the episode. but it's great seeing this box within a box within a box with a book. anyway, I haven't really discussed ball cubes on the series so far, so I thought I'd give a breakdown and what they basically are. ball cubes are known as some of the most dangerous weapons ever created. and it's a very formidable craft in the right hands. as the Borg operate with a hive like mind. it has no real identifiable spaces that we tend to see on ships, though the Romulans have fitted bedrooms of the ship. they don't typically come with it, but there is mention of cells in the episode. ball cubes can carry up to 130,000 Borg drones, and it's pretty much a flying armada. Picard has had run-ins with the Borg in the past, and he was assimilated himself. because of this, he has very little sympathy for them. but do you think that the arc of the show will change Picard's mind, and these will be painted out in a less malevolent role? this is heavily hinted at in the episode, with picaud seeing them up close and personal. now, everything for me in the season so far has been pointing towards Shoji being a ball queen. whether it's the opening scene of the series in which data held five Queen of Hearts, or the fact that Shoji is pretty much the combination of synthetic and organic, it all seems to line up. I'm gonna read a comment on my last video from Joe Grimes that I think sums it up best, but obviously leave your thoughts below. Shoji appears to be attuned to the Borges neural matrix, learning things like languages and cultural practices seemingly popping into a head. they then go on to point out the other things that indicate this, including the badge and a jumpsuit that changes color to indicate the collectives presence. when the Romulan trauma victim freaks out, and she has soon Lee became hyper aware of the feelings of the ex be around her, all unified with revulsion. I remember this scene standing out when I was doing my breakdowns. and the user says that the victim was almost seeing her primarily as the source of their pain. I've left a whole comment on screen if you want to pause the video and read all of it. but there's a lot of way to the theory, and it would be a great dramatic arc for me if picaud ended up trying to save one of his worst enemies. Soji seems to know the ins and outs of the queen's tech, including a spatial trajector, which is found in a cell. Picard discovers Hugh and comes across an old image of himself when he was assimilated, which triggers him and kicks off the title sequence. now we later see Hugh in the episode, and he mentions the Queen, but says that they are a Romulan. now, still though there is another mention of the Queen, and I think they're just hitting us over the head with it at this point. they arrive at the beta quadrant, which is a former neutral zone. the beta quadrant exists in the Milky Way and is home to the Klingon Empire, the Vulcans, the Romulans and many more. Rios and Agnes get it on, but this is likely just a play by the latter. we know she was romantically involved with Maddox, and well, look what happened to him. the guilt seems to be weighing upon her, though we don't know exactly why she killed Bruce. now there are theories that one commando met her, she showed her the truth about the synthetics that fuels as a clashes hate for them. there was lip service paid to the fact early on in the series that learning the secret of the Jack bash can break someone's mind. and this could explain why she ended up going off the deep end. it is possible that she knows that soul-g is the destroyer that is prophesized to end all life, and thus she wanted to kill Maddox, who had ultimately created her. maybe she learned that everyone is a synthetic and that were all a mix of robots and organics. ok? tinfoil hats away. I did read that though. it was on reddit. so it's a, yeah, don't dislike the video. now, Rick solves the puzzle, and the crew arrived at the cube after tricking their way into portraying the mission is a diplomatic one. after the rejection of a son, Rafi is turned to the bottle. and we realized that when Picard resigned, she pretty much lost absolutely everything. this mission is sort of a redemption for her too, giving her at least a reason for the thing that destroyed her life. so Giri contacts her mother, and she says that a father is in his lab. once more, we see that seulji's mother is an AI by the fact that she pauses at several points during the conversation and glitches towards the end of it. now, whether she is a Romulan design or not, we don't know yet, but it is possible that this is why dodge had a different version of their mother. so G scans all of her items and discovers that they're all aged 37 months, indicating that she was only made 3 years ago. everything from a past is a complete fabrication. Picard boards the Borg cube and gets flashbacks to when he was a member of the collective. he saved by drones, which again shows how the Borg may be being reinvented in this series. after this, Picard and Hugh finally come face to face. now, in case you missed our video on episode 3, Hugh starred in the next generation, and he was a former Borg drone that Picard and his crew met in the show. he was critically injured during an episode and taken back to the enterprise-d where he was cut off from the collective. the character never knew what it was like to be like this, away from the hive. and through the crew, he learned that humans did not want to be assimilated, which contradicted what he'd been told. he was given his name and developed his own individuality on the cubies been mentoring Shoji, and he leads Picard to her. on the way, showing that the Borg are victims. narak takes Sodhi to the point, a year only room where you can enter into your own mind. now I kind of get the feeling that narak is falling for Shoji. genuinely. and he does seem to be opening up to her in this entry. he even tells her his true name. and I can see him becoming an ally whilst his sister becomes the big bad in the room. so de journeys into her own dreams to discover that she's basically Pinocchio. she notices two red moons, and this is likely where the nest is that the Romulans have been after this entire time with that found in Erik walks out the room and locks are in there. he's clearly torn up by it, but it doesn't exactly go back. Shoji activates and smashes her way out, escaping between the two levels. she finally comes face to face with Picard, and he shows her dodges necklace. they escaped to the Queen's cell, and after using the special trajector, they transport through that ELMO shows up to buy them some time. and he does. he does a bit of lego lassen for the finale. we don't see if he kills the rest of those on board the ship, but hey, at least he gives them the option to live. Picard and so she are now out in the galaxy on a forest planet, and now everyone is after them. Riker is coming back, by the looks of it. and it seemed as if Picard will be pulling from its numerous allies whilst the Romulans and his crew tried to get to him again. I really enjoyed this episode, and it's hinted out a lot of things and gave some more evidence of the theories that I've had so far. the show is doing really, really good things right now, and a lot of people are finally getting on board with it. with just four episodes left, I feel like we're really making headway. and now next week looks like it will potentially be holding back a lot more of the answers that were so desperately seeking. that doesn't mean that I'm not enjoying the right but card keeps getting better for me. and I'm hyped to see what happens next week with the character and his new ally, obviously. and loved hear your thoughts on this season. so comment below and let me know. make sure you check out our full breakdown of the series so far. if you missed an episode, is that's gonna be linked at the end. if you want to support the channel from his littlest 99 cents a month. then please click the join button below. you get access to content early, and can also suggest video topics and breakdowns. you wanna come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people are subscribed to the channel. and this month you can win the nfinity saga box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you serve with notifications on the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning it. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of March in the cell shipped out from then. - ever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 