welcome to the man of recaps. it's house of cards, season four. President Frank Underwood is running for the Democratic nomination against Heather Dunbar, but his wife, Claire underwood, is not. witnessed a huge fight last season, and she went home to Dallas to visit her mother, with whom she has a strained relationship. Claire's absence on the campaign trail becomes a big story though, and she meets with Frank. they agreed to say that her mom has cancer, which is actually true. Claire didn't even know. so they reconciled. but then they just end up fighting again. Claire meets with LeAnn Harvey, a skilled campaign manager, about her own political career. her plan is to run for Congress, to replace this retiring, old black woman, by having her daughter wait a few years to run. so she makes a deal with the congresswoman. but at the State of the Union Frank announces that her daughter's running because she made a better deal with him. and Frank's like, look, Claire, let's end this fight. we got to work together. so they go campaigning in Frank's home state of South Carolina, and Claire's like, yeah, we're working together. but she secretly as LeAnn go and find the picture of Frank's dad with a Klu Klux Klan guy. what frame? he wasn't in the Klan. he had a good reason to be in that photo. but everyone's pretty pissed at him. anyway, chief of staff, Doug Stamper confronts media guy Seth Grayson about the leaks. he thinks it's him. and while it's not, he did meet with the campaign manager for Dunbar as, you know, to have a back-up plan. so he has been sending them some stuff. but Frank finds out this leak was Claire. and she's like, that's right. I will destroy you if you don't do what I want. and what I want is to be vice president, a first lady vice president. that's crazy, but Claire is serious, and she will straight-up divorce him if he doesn't make it happen, which would basically end his campaign. Hey, look, it's Lucas Goodwin. he's a reporter that was investigating Frank. so Frank had him set up and shipped off to jail. now he gets his cellmate to confess that he took the fall for something mob guy, which is what they wanted to hear. so he's out on witness protection. he's been working the car wash in Ohio. but one day he sees Dunbar is going to be nearby, so he blows this guy in order to borrow his car and sneaks into Dunbar's campaign and the secret meeting, tells her all the bad stuff Frank did. and she's like, you still don't have any proof, so I can't get involved. and he is totally crushed. so next time, Frank's out in the crowd, he tries to assassinate an old man. Meechum, takes the bullets and he's dead. poor Meechum. you were too good for this world. Frank is hit too, and he survived, but he will die if he doesn't get a liver transplant. unfortunately, there's one guy ahead of him on the list. and Stanford's like, are you kidding me? move the president up the list, which basically kills that other guy. and Doug feels bad, so he donates a bunch of the guys charity, which makes his hot wit overreach out. and they meet up. and like, she starts coming over and cooking him dinner. I guess they're dating. anyway, long story, short print, gets a liver and he's going into surgery. he's going to be okay. in the meantime, though, acting president is Donald live who is in no way up to the challenge. they briefed him on an ongoing operation with rush I see this version. billionaire tried a coup in there, and so he fled to the US. for asylum. and French plan was to send him back, like, set him up somewhere with some money to antagonize Russia. see, the russian president, viktor petrov, who was basically Putin, is already blaming America for the coup. so he's cut oil production, which is causing gas shortages everywhere. so don't oblige. has no idea what to do. proceed with the mission aboard it said, Claire's like, hey, are you looking for someone to just tell you what to do? because that can be me. and so she convinces him to do her own plan, which is sending out a china and play Russia and trying to off each other. and when Petra calls him to talk about it, Claire's the one who's typing everything to say. so she's basically president right now. Claire tracks down former lobbyist Remington, who is now retired in Florida. but she blackmails him with photos of the affair between him and congresswoman Jackie sharp. said he'll go find Raymond tusk, and they'll work on a US. Russia, Chinese, like oil drilling thing, which she presents at the g7 summit. Petrov and Claire have a secret meeting. Secretary of State Katherine Durant is not invited, which makes her unhappy. Petrov is still mad at Claire for shaming him on live TV, so he's like, I'm not even going to negotiate. I'm just going to flirt with you for a bit. but she stands up to him and gets real nasty, which he actually responds well to, and they reach an agreement. finally. Frank's back on his feet. he's doing okay, except for some more gray hairs. and he's like, you know what, Claire, my brush with death made me realize that I really love you. word. team. we need to work together. you want to be vice president? we'll make it happen. so the Underwood's are united once again. now look as good when being the shooter is super awkward for Heather Dunbar, because their secret meeting was literally that morning. and that looks pretty bad. when Doug finds out Seth's been working with Dunbar, he fires him. but Seth knows about the meeting with Goodwin, so he doubles down on supporting the Underwood's and goes public with that information. so now they're investigating. Heather. Dunbar does like, hey, thanks. that's for proving your loyalty, but if you ever betray us again, I will literally murder you. he lets him go for now, though. and Dunbar is just too honest to lie about meeting with Goodwin. and no matter how she tries to explain it, the implication that she told him to assassinate the president is just too bad. and her campaigns over. so Frank is locked down the Democratic nomination, but he still has to face off with the Republican governor will Conway. he and his wife are young and hot, and they've got an awesome family, and they are media darlings and everyone loves them. now, there's a new terrorist group called ICO the mill. Terry wants to bomb them, but Frank says, let's hold on for a while, because Conway is working with a search engine to get a lot of good voter data. and Leanne is like, we can use the psycho situation for a domestic surveillance program. I know a data scientist who can use it all and get even better voter data. so that's super illegal. so they meet with him in this abandoned warehouse, and he's like, oh yeah. you get me the data, I'll win you the election. so he goes like shirtless dancing while he's monitoring all communication in the United States. meanwhile, the FBI is checking in with hammerschmidt, who used to be a reporter with Goodwin. this puts him in the mood to walk down Zoe Barnes as old Street and ask around the pizza shop. they've never seen Frank, but they have seen Meacham, who happens to be on TV right now. it's like, wait, are you serious? that's the first concrete link of the affair between Zoe Barnes and Underwood. so hammerschmidt goes full investigation mode. he's checking all of mediums, old travel logs to see if there's any discrepancies. now it's the quest to make Claire vice president. donald live is ready to step down. and since client Frank had been very anti-gun since he got shot, the Democrats want someone who is pro-gun to be vice president. they set this guy up though by having a reporter see him in the anti-gun meeting. and the NRA comes down on him hard, so he's out of the picture. Frank suggests an alternative, his longtime ally, Secretary of State, Katherine Durant. everyone's okay with this. and an even better idea, and let's have an open convention to get all the media buzz. it's all just for show. Cathy's supposed to win at the end, and France working with her to make sure that happens. but this one guy votes for Claire underwood, and it's played down as a joke. and he's working with Cathy, like, don't worry, we got you. but they're secretly giving away her Secretary of State position in exchange for supporting Claire. meanwhile, Conway grabs the spotlight by calling out the president for not being tough on I go. so he gets himself a one-on-one meeting to go discuss the situation. of course, there are both politicians and don't actually care about the issues so they spend the whole time just playing phone games. he does take a sketchy call, though, and turns out someone votes for Cathy Durant, not for vice-president, but for president, which undermines Frank's campaign. and Conway was the one that organized that. so Frank could actually lose the nomination. and Cathy's like, I can't believe you betrayed me. after all we've been together. how can I ever trust you again? and Frank like, you will get in line or I will destroy you, maybe even literally murder you. but let's hope it doesn't come to that. so she has been successfully intimidated. she supports Claire for vice president. and they've actually done it. husband and wife's gonna be present and vice president. that's crazy. Claire gave an amazing speech, by the way, written by famous novelist Tom Yates. he was working on a book about president last season, but he never got to finish it, so he wants back in, and they decide to make him a speechwriter, which he's very good at. and when Claire's mom dies of cancer, because she helps her OD on morphine, Tom Yates is there to comfort her, emotionally and sexually, and in classic Underwood style, Frank's okay with this. and they have totally non Awkward breakfasts together. watch out, it's terror time. some family gets kidnapped by I go right here in Kansas. data guy is running the surveillance program, and all the sudden he has all the government agencies crawling up in there. hopefully they won't find out that he's really been using it for election data. the kidnappers are a couple of white Americans who support Mike oh, and they want America to release their leader, who they have in custody. he has a secret meeting with Claire where she's like, tell them to release the hostages and we'll let you go and stuff. but on the call he's like, no, kill the hostages. so that what about, as poorly as possible, hammerschmidt has been finding some actual evidence of Frank lying in his travel reports. so he tracks down Freddie, who used to run the barbecue joint. Frank's give Freddie a job as a landscaper at the White House, but they had a huge falling-out recently. still, Freddie, don't talk, because Freddie don't snitch. he's better luck with Remy danton's he's willing to play. never have I ever. hammerschmidt says things he thinks the president did, and Remy drinks to confirm basically all of it. now he meets with Jackie, and Jackie's like, you know what? I don't care if people know about us. let's go on the record and take Frank down. this is enough to get hammerschmidt a job with a real newspaper again. and he tracks down ex-president Walker. Walker's like, no, Frank was my friend. and it's like, no, man, he stole your presidency. remark is like, oh, yeah, maybe he did. so he talks to so this article coming out is very bad news for Frank. he'll definitely lose the election, probably be impeached and probably go to jail. is this the end for Frank Underwood? no way. Claire says it's time to scare the country into submission, and Frank agrees. he announces they're not going to negotiate with terrorists. so when they go to execute the family live on the internet, they let it happen, and then they both look at the camera and say, we make the terror and that's how season four comes to an end. hey, it's the man of recap. thanks for watching. if you've made it this far, go ahead and subscribe. I've got a lot of awesome recaps I'm excited to share with you guys. also, if you haven't yet subscribed to Netflix, house of cards, season five, dropping May 30. it is going to be awesome. Netflix, if you're watching, feel free to offer me a job as your official Erie capper. I think that would be pretty awesome. alright, I'll catch you guys later. bye. 