Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain an adventure, horror, and thriller film called "The Descent." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. A group of thrill-seeking friends enjoys whitewater rafting together. A young girl, Jessica, cheers for her mother, Sarah, once their raft reaches the bank. Sarah's husband, Paul, helps her friend, Juno, out of the water. Meanwhile, their other friend, Beth, advises the family to head back without them while she and Juno fix up the raft. Driving back to their hotel, Sarah makes plans for Jessica's birthday party. Paul is distracted while driving, and as soon as he looks away, their car crashes onto another vehicle carrying metal pipes. In the hospital, Sarah dreams about Jessica blowing candles on a birthday cake. She wakes up in a panic, looking for her daughter in the hospital. The lights start going out as a scared Sarah runs down the hall until she crashes onto Beth. Sarah collapses onto Beth's arms, learning that her daughter and husband are dead. Juno watches them with tears in her eyes, grieving for her friend\xe2\x80\x99s family. One year later, Beth drives Sarah to the Appalachian Mountains in North Carolina. They reach the cabin where Juno meets them. Their other friends, sisters Becca and Sam, and Juno's protege, Holly, welcome them in the cabin. Juno shows the group an old photo of her, Beth, and Sarah. Feeling nostalgic, Sarah tells them to love each day. A phrase which her husband, Paul, used to say. At night, Holly and Sam share a smoke. Holly rants about caving systems for tourists and how she wants a real adventure. Juno catches them talking and promises Holly that she won't disappoint them this time. The women spend the rest of the night drinking and joking around. Later that night, Sarah struggles to sleep. She looks out the window, and a metal pipe crashes inside, hitting her on the head. She wakes up, startled from her nightmare and still not over her grief. In the morning, Juno wakes up the group after her jog in the woods. The rest are still hungover from last night, but they get ready for their adventure. Before leaving, they take a group photo in front of the cabin. When they arrive at their destination, the group unloads their equipment and gear up. Juno takes her book of the cave's map and intentionally leaves it in the car. Juno leads the way, having checked the route the week before. On the way, they find crows feasting on a deer carcass. They ignore the gruesome sight and continue their trek. They finally reach the location, looking down a large cave entrance leading underground. The group descends the cave. They stop to enjoy the wondrous sight. While exploring, Sarah finds a bloody handprint on the wall. A group of bats flies out of the cave, startling them. Juno leads them down a small tunnel system. They reach a large opening where Juno scatters flares, lighting up the place. Sarah starts exploring on her own again but senses that something is watching them. She looks around and finds another small passage but sees nothing else. The women enjoy a lunch break. Juno sees Sarah distracted and checks up on her, but Sarah waves her worry away. Juno tearfully apologizes for not staying with her after the incident but assures her that they're all here for Sarah now. Sarah accepts the apology, then decides to explore on her own again. Sarah finds the next passage, which looks more cramped than the first. Holly volunteers to go first while the others wait for her to confirm there's an exit at the end. Holly struggles to crawl inside but pushes on until she reaches the end. The rest follow, with Sarah going in last. The other women make it through, leaving only Sarah and Beth in the passage. Sarah starts to panic due to the tight space. Beth checks on her, but Sarah is stuck and hyperventilating. Beth crawls back towards her, using a joke to get her to calm down. Sarah is finally able to move, but the passage starts collapsing. Sarah and Beth hurry out of the passage, leaving Sarah's rope bag behind. Knocked out, Sarah dreams about Jessica with a birthday cake again. She wakes up with all her friends coughing from the dust. With their passage blocked, the others worry. Becca remembers the guidebook claiming three exits out of the cave, asking Juno to double-check the book. Juno confesses that she left the book in the car, angering Becca. Beth assures them that they'll be rescued since they filed their trip to Mountain Rescue. But Becca suspects that Juno led them to a different cave than what they declared. Juno justifies that they wanted a real adventure, so she led them to an unexplored cave system and wanted them to discover it. Pissed, Juno tells them they have to move forward. They find another passage, but it ends in a cliff. Becca climbs over and rigs a line for the others to cross. She spots an old climbing anchor already placed in and attaches her rope to it. Becca finally reaches the other side and helps her friends across. Before crossing, Sarah asks Juno if what she did was for Sarah or herself. Juno claims that she wanted all of them to get their friendship back by claiming this new cave system. With the rest on the other side, Juno starts undoing the rope and clamps, being the only ones they have left after Sarah lost her rope bag. But Juno falls and the rope zips between Becca's hand, causing a gash. The rope stops Juno's fall, letting her climb up. They check the old anchor from the rock. Juno tells them that it's an obsolete model, so it must have been left there for years. Beth wonders if someone else got out of the cave, but Juno disagrees. If someone already discovered and exited the cave, they would've named it already. Continuing their journey, they see cave paintings on the wall. Seeing a drawing of the mountain and cave gives them hope that there is another exit. They move on, not noticing a creature nearby. The group reaches a dead-end. Juno turns on her lighter, searching for a passage. The light flickers in one hole, confirming an open route there. Holly hurriedly goes in, eager to leave the cave. She spots a lighted area, thinking it's daylight. But she slips into a hole. Juno grabs her hand, but she slips. Holly breaks her leg as she falls. The women carry Holly out of the water. While Sam treats Holly's injury, Sarah hears giggling in the darkness and follows it. Further inside, she finds an old helmet. Nearby, she spots a movement. Sarah investigates, seeing a humanoid creature drinking water. Juno finds her, but the creature is gone. Juno thinks Sarah is hallucinating. Heading back to the group, Juno and Sarah argue about what she saw. Sarah describes that she saw a man, thinking that he might help get them out. But the others don't believe her. The women continue to look for a way out. They climb over a wall, reaching a chamber filled with animal bones. Sarah uses Holly's camera's infrared to view the area. Juno uses her lighter to find the right way, but there's no breeze to give her a clue. Sam starts screaming for help. Sarah then turns to Beth and sees the creature behind her. The creature lunges at them, screeching. They watch it crawl on the walls before disappearing into the darkness. Desperate, they try to choose any path to escape the monster. They hear the crawler circling them, making them back away in fear. Sarah points to a tunnel, and they run to it. A crawler blocks Juno and Holly, causing Juno to collapse. Holly tries to run, but the crawler grabs her and bites her neck. The crawler then hops away, allowing Juno to check on Holly. The crawler returns and pushes her back, trying to drag Holly\xe2\x80\x99s body away. Out of panic, the other four women ran from the scene. Sam and Becca escape to a tunnel. Beth follows Sarah on the opposite tunnel, tripping along the way. As Sarah continues forward, she falls into a pit and hits her head. Back at the chamber, Juno fights the crawler off, refusing to let it take Holly. She gets her ice ax and swings it across its face. Another crawler tackles Juno from behind, allowing the first one to take Holly. The creature tries to bite Juno, but she's able to stab it with her ax. Already deranged, Juno senses something behind her and swings her ax, only to hit Beth on the neck. Beth collapses, ripping Juno's necklace off. Juno watches Beth struggle with her injuries, but she slowly steps away in guilt and fear. In the tunnel, Sam and Becca worry about the others. They press on, not noticing the crawler nearby. Sarah wakes up alone in the pit. She picks up Holly's camera to see in the dark, finding human and animal bones everywhere. Hearing a screech, she hides behind some rocks. Still using Holly's camera, she waits for something to come. She stifles a scream as Holly's body is dropped in. More crawlers appear and start feeding on the body. Sam and Becca continue down their path but hear screeches from afar. They search for another way, climbing up the rocks to hide. Becca holds her sister protectively. Meanwhile, Sarah is disgusted at the scene before her. She gags, catching a crawler's attention. It approaches but gets distracted when Juno calls out for Sarah. The crawlers leave, following Juno\xe2\x80\x99s voice. On the other side, Sam and Becca keep quiet as a creature crawls over them. The crawler is unable to see them and moves on. But Sam's watch starts alarming, catching its attention again. Sam throws the watch away, misleading the creature. The crawler investigates the watch but is confused. Juno's voice reaches them, prompting the crawler to hunt her down instead. Finally, alone, Sarah goes to Holly's body. She notices the ice ax used as a splint for Holly's broken leg and takes it. She continues to take valuable items from Holly, grieving for her friend. Sarah finds a lamp nearby and pours its remaining gas on torn pieces of Holly's clothes. She lights a torch on fire, allowing her to see the area better. Sam and Becca continue down the path. They're separated when a crawler jumps on Becca. Becca tells Sam to run while she fights off the creature. The crawler nearly bites Becca on the neck during the struggle, but Juno throws her ax at it, saving them. Sam reunites with them as Juno reveals that Holly was taken and Beth's gone, not mentioning that she accidentally stabbed the latter. Sam studies the crawler. She suggests that the creatures are blind and uses sound to hunt. Juno figures that the creatures go above ground to hunt for animals and bring it back down, so there should be another exit. Juno mentions the markings she saw from the previous explorers that will lead them to the exit but insist that they shouldn\xe2\x80\x99t leave without Sarah. Back in the pit, Sarah finds Beth among the mess. Sarah tries to move her but stops when Beth screams in pain. She tells Beth that she'll find Juno to help her. But Beth reveals that Juno left her to bleed out. She warns her not to trust Juno, but Sarah is more concerned about getting Beth out. Sarah tries to lift her again but slips, leaving Juno's necklace in Sarah's hand. Recognizing that it's Juno's, Sarah realizes that Beth is telling the truth. Beth tells her that the necklace was from Paul. Sarah refuses to believe it but sees the words "Love Each Day" on the pendant, confirming that it was from her husband. Screeches alert them that the creatures are back. Sarah tries to get Beth up again. Instead, Beth begs her to end her suffering. Sarah is distraught, but seeing Beth's pain, she agrees. Sarah lifts a rock and drops it on Beth's head. Sarah is frozen, trying to process what she did. A young crawler grabs her from behind. She throws it off her and steps hard on it. Nearby, she sees what seems to be the young crawler's mother. It screeches, angered to find its child's condition. Sarah runs away but falls into a pool filled with blood and bones. The female crawler jumps on her, but she fights it off. Sarah grabs a broken tusk and drives it into the crawler's head. Sarah climbs to reach her torch, but another crawler appears nearby. The crawler climbs over the rock, touching Sarah's head. But she stays still until it leaves. She grabs a bone and ambushes the crawler from behind. Brimming with fear and anger, Sarah lets out a wail that alerts Juno and the rest. Thinking that she's coming, Juno whispers her name, ready to fight crawlers that may be chasing Sarah. But Becca and Sam argue that it's too late to save her, urging Juno to run with them. Before following Becca and Sam, Juno hears movement. She checks, hoping it's Sarah. Instead, it\xe2\x80\x99s a group of crawlers that comes after them. Sam frantically searches for a way out but stops at a cliff. She tries to climb her way across, installing a rope to hold her in place. Juno and Becca find her just as a crawler scratches on her neck. Sam stabs the crawler on the chest, causing it to fall before it lays limp and lifeless. Becca cries for her sister\xe2\x80\x99s demise. Another crawler pulls her from behind and takes a bite of her on the stomach. Unable to save her, Juno jumps off the cliff and lands on the pool below. In the water, she sees the crawler that Sam stabbed, still alive. It tries to lunge at her, but Juno digs the knife on its chest deeper, causing it to bleed out. Juno resurfaces and climbs up the wall to the other side. She nearly falls, but Sarah grabs her and pulls her to safety. Shocked at Sarah's bloodied state, Juno freezes. Sarah looks at Sam's body hanging above before asking Juno about Becca and Beth. Juno confirms that they\xe2\x80\x99re gone, claiming that she saw Beth die. Knowing the truth, Sarah is angered but tells Juno to press on. Together, they search through the passages for an exit. Three crawlers block their way, and the women prepare for battle. A crawler jumps on Juno, biting her. Another one steals Sarah's torch and drags her by the leg. Sarah stabs it on the leg before tackling it. The third crawler jumps on her back, but she throws it off. Sarah bites the second crawler's ear before crushing its skull. Juno rams the other one's head on the wall. The third crawler goes for Juno, and she hits it with her ax. Now alone, Sarah stares down at Juno, her ax in hand. She reveals Juno's necklace in her hand, letting Juno realize that Sarah knows about the affair. Crawlers screech from afar, distracting Juno. Sarah takes the opportunity and swings her ax on Juno's leg. Sarah escapes while Juno is left to fend for herself. Sarah hears Juno's screams from afar, causing her to fall and hit her head. She wakes up, feeling the sunlight on her face. She crawls over a mound of animal bones, finally able to escape the cave. Sarah emerges in the woods, taking in a deep breath. She screams in fright, running until she finds her car. Sarah finds the spare keys and drives through the dirt path recklessly until she reaches the road. Finally safe, Sarah parks the car. She cries, mourning her friends and shaken by the terror she went through. A truck passes by, jolting her upright. She vomits out the window, then looks to the passenger seat to see Juno's ghost next to her. Still in the cave, Sarah wakes up from the dream. In front of her is Jessica with a birthday cake. Sarah lovingly stares at the vision of her daughter as the crawlers come closer. 