welcome to mystery reboot. king darius of persia leads his persian army towards greece throughout the battle of marathon. themistuckles, the athenian leader, led his own force to them on the coasts. as the greeks slaughter the persians one after the other, femus duckles is able to take shot at darius, who is aboard his ship observing the slaughter themis duckles prepares his bow and arrows for the deed that will make him a legend in greek mythology. he lets go of the bow just as xerxes, darius's child comes to observe. despite his best efforts, he arrives too late to save his dad from the arrow that has already pierced him. xerxes embraces his father and gazes intently at thiemus duckles, who is standing nearby. gorgo warned xerxes that he made an error not killing him while he had the opportunity, and he turns away. darius has been brought back to his country to die. artemisia, darius leading naval officer, joins him in xerxes. she is considered to be as gorgeous as she is cruel. she holds darius's hand and hers while they speak. at the end of his life, he advises xerxes that now the greeks should be left alone. artemisia ends his agony by removing the arrow from his chest. xerxes remains in grief at his dad's passing for a week. when artemisia embraces xerxes on the eighth day, he realizes the parting words he heard from his dad, we're not even a warning. they were a challenge. she informs him that if the deities can overcome the greeks, he would become the deity king. after artemisia sends xerxes out into the sand and shackles the king, emerges from the cave to see a dazzling stream of gold liquid. xerxes takes over, motivated by a terrible thirst for power and vengeance, as described by gorgo, xerxes appears, golden haired, with blazing red eyes and a foot bigger than before. artemisia, on the other hand, goes around killing all of xerxes previous supporters. artemisia follows behind him as he travels to persia and addresses the people. he cries out, for the sake of glory war. the persians are ecstatic, and they scream their support. while xerxes prepares to command his force on ground into thermopylae, artemisia prepares her fleet at sea. he enters into a spartan practice session where a team of spartans is beating down on one man who is attempting to strike back. dilios approaches them as tacos and advises him that leonidas has indeed begun to march his troops on walk, noting that he has already disposed the ambassador sent from persia, gorgo, meets with themistuckles to remind him that the spartans do not believe in the such things as a free country as he does. on artemis's boat, a captive is presented before her. he reprimands two of her bodyguards for being greeks serving for a woman of greek ancestry, but loyal to an enemy country. artemisia pulls out her sword and proclaims, i may be greek, but my heart is persian. she beheads the guy and tosses his head overboard. she spots a soldier she doesn't recognize on board. well, then permit me to present myself, he says, before slaughtering numerous persians. celias is an athenian warrior dispatched to investigate on the persians. he dives into the water to prevent being struck by the persian's arrows. salia's writes back to themist occles and his subordinate equilos, together with his child callisto. salias reports them that artemisia is leading the persians at ocean. she is thought to be the lone survivor of an assault on her village. her backstory is revealed in a flashback. as a kid, artemisia stood powerless and horrified as her mom and dad were killed directly in front of her eyes. a warrior from the conquering side approaches artemisia and strikes her across the face. and over decades, the troops molested and mistreated the girl until she was found dead on the roadside. she is rescued and cared for by the persian envoy, peter mensah. the very same man lean it is through into the hole she intended to return to greece when she became ready to watch its devastation. artemisia is trained in fighting by the envoy. throughout time, she shows to be swift and lethal. and as an adult, she transports numerous decapitated heads of darius adversaries to him, gaining her the title is his commander. even with this information and consideration, themis thuckles plans his military strategy. it kills, reminds out that their little navel is outnumbered by the much bigger persian fleet and that the operation is suicidal. that is the strategy. themis duckles responds, believing in his soldiers. themis duckles takes them all out to the aegean sea, in which artemisia commands her navy. her general our deference reminds her that colonel bhandari has planned his tactic for leading the warships against the greeks. demus ducals inspires confidence in the men by motivating them to battle alongside those who support them. the athenians crash their warships into the persian warships, rushing with full might and rage at them. this results in another terrible battle in which many persians are caught in the crossfire of the athenians. sally is in callisto battle, beside each other with callisto throwing spears against the persians. dissatisfied with the outcome, artemisia has been dary tied and tossed into the sea where he descends to his drowning end. the generals believe she is dissatisfied with the loss of her soldiers, but she confesses to being dissatisfied with them. in particular, she reconsiders over the idea of having someone at her side. the following day, the athenians forced the persians to navigate their warships into a fissure, forcing the main warship to become trapped and the remaining warships to collide with it. the athenians leap from the rocks and keep killing the persians. tashani, the second commander to command them, is assassinated by femus tacos. salias notices callisto entering the battle, but he plainly does not want his son be injured from her warship. artemisia examines themstockel's strategies and leadership. art afrins takes a boat to the beaches where the athenians had set up tents in order to transport themist uncles to artemisia's barge. when she brings him inside her private room, she compliments him on his bravery throughout the war. she questions him whether he has anybody in athens with whom he battles, according to themis duckles. he has no opportunity for a spouse or kids. artemisia encourages him to join her so he would not have to deal with adversity or responsibilities. they then begin having heart intense and brutal intimacy. when artemisia repeats her proposal, femusdachos merely says no, and artemisia furiously pushes him off of her, shouting to him that he's not really a deity, but a man. vemus duckles arrives to the camp, telling his troops that artemisia is ready to wreak havoc on them. the persian warships pour oil into the sea and guards swim out towards the athenians with bombs attached on their backs. the persians use burning arrows to light the oil. as callisto watches, artemisia unleashes yet another barrage of arrows, this time hitting silo three times. a huge persian tosses torches to keep the fires ablaze. an arrow hits him and he loses the torch, lighting himself on fire. he falls into the oil, forcing a fire surge to hit an athenian warship, but also leading the persian ship to detonate. artemisia fires another flaming arrow at a persian on themsduckle's ship, striking the man's back. as he gets aboard, he urges everybody to lead the ship in charges at the persian themis duckles is killed. as the bomb detonates, destroying the ship. artemisia triumphantly watches her enemy drown. femus duckless drowns in the water with his slain companions. in the distance. he saw these serpent-like monsters start swimming and devouring them. callisto wakes themselves from his dream. he believes this tragedy may have been orchestrated to tame his ego or recall him of his failure to slay xerxes. themasduckles reaches silence. as he is dying. he advises his companion to keep fighting. before dying demystacles. laments the loss of his companion in response to callisto's query about his dad's final words. themis duckles assures him that he will enlighten him about them when the time comes. unsure. xerxes and his troops had slaughtered leonidas and his 300 men. the crows peck at the eyeballs of the fallen spartans. as the persians walk on triumphantly. a courier brings the report to themstackles, he travels to sparta to face effialts, the disfigured hunchback who deceived and sold the spartans to xerxes. he does not tremble, apparently sorry for his deeds. as themistuckles brings his blade to him, stating that there is very little elegance in him, and even less in what he's committed. effie else goes on to say that xerxes is marching his troops to athens in order to damage it. themis duckles keeps him alive so he can send the news to the persians that the greeks would die fighting themsduckles travels to queen gorgo to meet with her dilios, who is now mostly blind. cautions him not to anticipate a friendly reception. vorgo is still very much in grief over her dad's death. while themisduckles pushes her to continue fighting, she declines to take any more spouses, dads or kids out to be slaughtered. he gives her lean at his blade, claiming it belongs to her. gorgo breaks down in tears at the look of it. athens is conquered by the persian empire. as his troops bring chaos to the population and burn everything up, xerxes proudly raises lean at his head just above city. he proceeds to boast about his triumph, claiming that themistacles was nothing more than a wimp. effie else comes to xerxes and are dementia to announce that the greeks, headed yet again by themis tacos, are actively taking their war back into the ocean. artemisia swears to eliminate the athenians once and for all. after hearing his name and discovering he is not dead, she walks away to formulate her order. demus duckles realizes that his soldiers may be tired of fighting. understanding that they too would reject to see even more carnage, he advises people to act for themselves and to immediately leave if they want to keep their freedoms. but he also desired to stay in battle. let it be seen that we choose to perish on our legs rather than survive on our knees. the athenians applauded. in their final confrontation, the small number of athenians confront the massive persian navy at sea. themistacles notify callisto his dad's dying words, which are that he has deserved a seat at the table. so themisduckles and artemisia are preparing to command their armies into combat once more. when their warships meet, the athenians attack the persians, battling rapidly and ruthlessly. artemisia is not someone to sit back and watch. holds her two blades and battles the greeks, slaying as many as she can on her own. through the fight, themis duckles mounts his horse till he joins artemisia's warship. he tells her of her initial deal and states that he still answers no. she becomes enraged and initiates a duel with him. he fights fiercely, and she jokes that he battles more than he [ __ ]. they battle until they have both of their blades at each other's throats themistackels proceeds to reject the idea of partnering artemisia, telling her that it is best for her to give up. we see gorgo commanding her spartan soldiers, repeatedly telling them the narrative from the start, developing into her own inspiring speech. as they approach the persian armada. troops from other ally nations also joined the war. this is something femus tacos brings out now to artemisia. while he still has his blade to her throat, he asks her to give up. she refuses and takes her blade to slay but themistockles immediately thrusts his blade into her abdomen. artemisia gets down on her knees. in her last seconds, she witnesses the allied soldiers surrounding her fleet. xerxes, who is standing on the cliff edge, turns his back on her. artemisia eventually collapses, deceased, just the same as gorgo and dillios bored her warship to accompany themist huckles the spartans and athenians team up together to finally destroy the persians. like and subscribe. it helps check one of these videos. bye. 