are you listening to Bruce? Brian, is that kiss tomorrow goodbye? guy the other day said, I must be crazy. thing is, thought it is for a while. I think I might be. hey guys, we're back breaking down another episode of true detective season 3. this is episode 2, kiss tomorrow goodbye. now, make sure to keep you here to GameSpot universe, because we're breaking down the entire season, all eight episodes. and again, spoiler alert. so make sure you watch this episode first, then come on back here. go watch it. go watch it. okay, let's get right into it. let's start with the title itself. kiss tomorrow goodbye. I think of all the true crime and kiss the girls, anything, just anything like that way. okay, we're we all with this. yeah. kiss tomorrow goodbye, a classic noir book by horace mccoy, which is later made into a movie. and the idea here, i think, in the context here, is that, you know, it has to with time and memory and someone that's suffering from dementia or alzheimer's um you know, the idea of kissing tomorrow goodbye is very prevalent. yes. with all the conversations we have with Wayne and Henry, he keeps alluding to what, subtle things like, oh, I wish I could see this person again. or, whereas this person working and missing Henry is, yeah, I was having a rough time in this episode. alright, so we start with the fallout from Wayne coming across. but wills body, yes, in the cave, he's doing the little prayer. the autopsy comes back. he has broken neck. broken neck. and so it looks like someone obviously put him there. so it seems like it would be someone much bigger than him, able to kind of overpower a small boy. it's not gonna be Julie. no, not someone who's equal. I mean, she's, you know, still a suspect it, you know, we don't know anything. but it seemed like someone bigger than him would be able to break his neck and carry his body and place it into a cage. could be an accident. but there's still someone else he needs to pick up that body, right? and that person probably linked to the person whoever put those dolls, kind of, you know, yeah, leading up to the BAA course, at the same time, what are they doing? they're destined for fingerprints on the bike. yeah. the bike was the only, the only other piece of evidence that was left near the crime scene, which is a call back to other crimes that actually took place in the 80s. so I do like the little subtle nods. now, who knows how many fingerprints are on that bike, but we definitely know there's one set on that bike, right? that's Freddie's. he was the bike earlier that same night. so it's probable. thing is a tricky thing though. like, you know, I remember as a young kid, like, multiple people would borrow your bike, I know, when you go out riding into the neighborhood or wherever. so, you know, someone grabbing the bike, like we might, not necessarily, you know, it it puts them in the, in the location at the time as well. so it's very tricky, but that doesn't mean you're the killer. but yeah, you see him. so his fingerprints definitely on the bike itself. just to go back over, sure you didn't see anything. I told you I saw the teenagers out there too. I was going in the other direction. okay, let's talk about the interrogation scene with Brett Woodard. that is one of my favorite interrogation scenes. the dialogue is so good. the acting on this show is incredible. so far. I'm really digging this. yeah, not even by the leaves, just everyone, all the ancillary characters very well acted. and he's basically, like, suspect number one, person of interest number one, just because, you know, he's kind of an outsider. they don't know a lot about him, and they're kind of, he's kind of cast as this weird guy who just collected garbage. and, you know, he's damaged from the Vietnam War, of course. and, you know, it was very telling the line that was uttered in this interrogation when Roland West's asked him about children. you like kids generally. do the right answer to that? I don't know what you're supposed to say that, other than that, because that looks like the correct response there. what do you want me to say? it's a very leading question with vines, like, what do you what's the right thing to say to somebody who says that? now, we find out that he has kids himself, but he's kind of a strange from the kids. he doesn't know where they are, isn't know where they are, and is estranged from the mother. and I, you know, it's, it's a thing where he came back very damaged from the war, and he's kind of very, you know, in solitary by himself, and just kind of trudging along in this written his day-to-day life. speaking about the Vietnam War, they again, another nod to that, and they bring up the 75th in poultry. he brings that up again. that means Wayne, he's teasing some [ __ ]. but if that, if this is all true, in Woodard was impressed, but he's like, whoa. I'm impressed by what Wayne's been through. so that's we're gonna, I think, if we get some flashbacks to the Vietnam War. I think that's what Wayne's kind of like holding back in his memory. the most you ever been someplace you couldn't leave, you couldn't stay, wasn't the same time. that sums up so much of this episode. sums up Wayne. it sums up Tom. you get pretty much an identical line from Tom in the car when he's crying because he wants to go to work. he doesn't want to stay at home. he can't go to sleep, but he also doesn't want to wake up. great stuff. and it's also just just three so like, it's got my stomach, yeah, well, I do that. and I know for comfortable in any in any timeline, in any setting, you're never gonna find comfort. you know, he's trying to get in and out of different remember his memories, and get in and out of different sequences of his life. but he doesn't feel at home anything at any time. yeah. and again, back up at the scene where Tom goes back to work. that felt so authentic, and the way everyone's just staring out and right, boss comes over and grab some hey, hey, talk about this for a second. we put you on leave. yeah, good stuff. but everything is happening. it's a little disruptive. people have other things in their mind, these machines. that's how accidents happened. you know, that Tom guy. nobody wants to be huh? now, let's talk about the community-at-large. they head to the west finger community center, and the local politicians are gonna, you know, have a press conference, mm-hmm, talking about what happened and just kind of getting all the community up to date. and, and this is where you see the beginnings of, like, fear chaos stilled in the entire community, and everyone basically panicking. we talked about this last episode, you know, the moral panic, the satanic panic of people kind of overreacting. it's happening. a curfew set in place, and it becomes kind of, like, quickly that we find out that have become kind of like a ghost town. people are scared to even let their kids go outside. the school bus shot. yeah, that was awesome. yeah, very eerie. um, but, I mean, you could, you could understand that, you know, once you find out such a horrific thing happened in your own neighborhood, that you would do, buy, anything you could do to and they have it, no idea who's behind it. but, right? the big issue here, but police were to say, like, oh, we know who did it. we think it's just Morgan's kids. and the parents like a fool, but now they really think there's a monster over the town, and there's nothing. and that's got to be one of the most horrific things, right? the uncertainty, yes, of what this who and what is going on, not knowing what you're looking for and what you'll find at the end, this town is going to eat itself. now, we get a little more context. in the 2015 timeline. we find out kind of why Wayne is is has agreed to participate in this, you know, to true criminal, season 3 of true criminal, like making a murderer style documentary. supposedly, he feels that the producer, Alisa Montgomery, that she has, she's leading him on, leading him on. maybe she has some new information that, you know, they're kind of, she's learned through the online forums and through all the police work of what might have happened. and you just get a sense that Wayne has never, you know, stopped trying to figure out what went down. but at the same time, this could be the dementia playing in his head a little bit. he may have already figured it out. enemies trying to get him just to stop. but I'm siding with Henry here, like she's leading him on. she's just leading him on, as far as she can't hear. now, she also to wane about his daughter. yeah, it looks like their relationships on the rocky side say the least. you could feel that throughout the entire episode, that something's wrong. we get a few references to this, but we don't know exactly what happened yet. but it sounds like they had a falling-out. perhaps, you know, seeing her dad deteriorate the way he has has been, you know, very traumatizing for her. did it work with something with Julie, where the case was just what girls and the Kate, the way he treated her compared to Henry, might have had something to do with that. and it took a toll on him. yeah, something bad happened here. and we also, she also reveals something happened between Julie and her dad, Tom Purcell, later on in this episode. so something happened in 1990. mm-hmm. once, you know, Wayne got kind of brought back into deposition to talk about the whole thing, something happened with the Purcell, Tom Purcell, and Julie that we don't know exactly. we don't know yet. so we know that Julie's back, at least we'll, you know, the fingerprints of her in the pharmacy, full match, a full match. so we know that she's alive. but we don't know the context as to why she never returned home, or if there's a reason why she stayed away from her father, which hopefully in the next coming episodes, we will find out. did she join some like Devil's Rejects group? who knows? we'll find out. next up, Wayne and Roland head over to Will's funeral, where we meet Dan O'Brien. a creepy Dan O'Brien, very, very creepy. yes, he's got that. I live a happy old like creepy. Joe Namath, okay, you stayed in the boy wills room. man told you I did leave a couple of magazines behind under the mattress. and maybe I did. can we just say the he probably did something with Lucy here. yeah. I don't, obviously, with all the evidence, to convict him for anything with the kids yet, but it definitely seems a little bit weird. you know, he stayed there for six months, and he totally normal. he doesn't like the guy, if he just doesn't like him, but it seems like he's pointing the finger a little ha, yeah. and that one line that he said about that she he always saw her with a stronger man. and I feel sorry for him. I felt for him even for all this. my opinion, Lucy always needed like a strong male. he has maybe some sort of, like, possessive feelings towards her, and it's just extremely unhealthy. and maybe he's not the murderer in the kidnapper, but it I don't like him. let's put it that way. so then we get a conversation with Tom's parents. yeah, a quick one, but they give out one very big lines. been some wondering about Julie. don't not to me. Tom was working offshore. could have been welding in Texas when Julie was conceived. now I've won haughty damage. yeah, obviously they're completely distraught, especially Tom's dad. doesn't want to hear any of these rumors or what happens. yeah, exactly them. you know, they're horrified us of what has happened. but it does pick her interest that, you know, the couple's been having problems for so long. they only got married because they had a kid. we don't even know if it's hit, if his Tom's kid. there's just a lot of uncertainty. and what's the truth out of this marriage? I mean, the marriage was basically built on a bunch of lies, it sounds like. so I suspect this just goes into the kids vision of their parents and everything. so this could be something, again, where the kids wanted to get their family back together. yeah, noticeably wrong. who knows if these rumors seeped into other parts of the family, you know, the grandparents are talking about. I don't know if there's, you know, just hasn't found out the neighbors, cousins, neighbors, you know. and then it all spreads like wildfire, and then it comes back to the kids, and, you know, they react a certain way to it too. so, yeah, lots of disturbing elements in the family, like, really close to the kids. okay, so we got a big evidence reveal here in this episode. those dolls, those cornhusk dolls, or whatever, thing in a column on the show at that point, draw a corn husk. oh, yeah. apparently they were handed out at Halloween. Julie's friend, Mike, recognized the dolls. so, all right, here we go when those kids are coming back into play. here, to remember, everybody lies, so you just got to keep that in mind here, that someone could be leaning someone else down the path they don't want to be going down. now, Mike's able to help the authorities create like, a map or a route of where they went trick-or-treating, and where the possibilities, you know, all these different X's on this map of where it might be where she received the doll. and we also know that the person that was handing them out. was wearing her, I think it was two people and ghosts. ghosts up with it with ghost sheets on a good disguise if you're trying to not they don't reveal yourself. know, it's extremely hard to track that down. but, you know, there's two avenues of thought here. is is, you know, you you go house to house, but then that's encroaching a prompt on, you know, everyone's basic freedoms and their privacy, hmm. or you kind of just get people on alert and say, hey, neighborhood watch. let's all pay attention to what was going on. looks like they chose the wrong path, they did. and, you know, it went against what what Wayne and Roland wanted to do. but the politicians in the in the local and the mayor and local government, you know, they wanted everyone to know that, hey, there was contact with Julie, wasn't it? there's an election year too. so they bring this up brightly, that a lot of things were driven to a point where they wanted to find somebody, no matter who it was, right? so it's not looking good for a few can just show and show that they're, you know, they're may they're cleaning up the place, they're getting it safe, but when, in fact, they're kind of instilling a ton more panic, in turmoil, into the community in itself. now, our investigation suggests is someone who saw her on Halloween a special knowledge of this case, even in a week. so Rowland and Wayne are pretty pissed off at this point. what do they do? they take it out, I think, on a pedophile, or suspected pedophile. they kick his ass. yeah, like, he checked off a couple boxes, but he's clearly not the suspect in this case. but they wanted to rough him up. and they got a tip from, a look, from someone on Vice and hey, you know this guy, he's been talking about kids, and, you know, he has a couple strikes on his record. how come he didn't bring that up to any anybody else beyond me? yeah, sir, didn't bring up at all. and, you know, he had been working with children recently. why didn't they bring again, I don't know, one that wasn't brought up, but he just kind of, like, you know, laying low under the radar. but, you know, these two wanted to take some aggression out on him. now, one thing to note about the 1990 timeline, we talked about the falling-out between Wayne and his, not eventually with his daughter. and also between Julie and Tom Purcell. something happens between them. but also, Rowland and Wayne have a falling out. they're no longer partners. we could see that coming. but it looks like something happens in the 80s. so we don't know, they're not gonna get back in together in the 90s, probably later on, if they do at all. but it looks like this huge falling-out that takes place in the 80s. so who knows what happens. then we get another big piece of evidence, a so kind of like a ransom note, it's not really ransom note, yeah, it's more of a letter. let's see. okay, so the ransom note says, do not worry. Julie is in a good place and safe. the children should laugh. do not look. let go. should as an Shu D so apparently they're trying to make you think it was a kid. yeah. it either is a kid, or it's someone making you want to think it's a kid. yeah, the grammar and spelling is all off, all over the place. but besides that, you you really don't know what it. what to expect? there's no, no, that's one person, you don't know if it's Julia herself that, you know, killed her brother and then put together a note and try to get away from the family. but why would she get away with the family? what would be so horrific that she'd have to kill somebody and then, you know, get away from the family? or if she did survive and and get away from them, well, you know, maybe she's trying to reach back out. you know, there's so many different possibilities. this could be from anything - this could be even just a fake note from someone else, just [ __ ] with family, totally. it could be a neighbor who where they are. oh, yeah. anyway, anyone the community that does not like the per cells, yeah, and they want to just instill more trauma to the per cells and just drive them crazy. you know, who if, if this is, like, she did something wrong, or if Tommy's and wrong, somebody, like, they just want to screw with them. this would be the ideal way to do that. and this is like, when you're looking at real cases to when every when someone goes missing, those there's a murderer on the loose, and people call me and say, I know this person. a lot of fake hot a lot of things. so many hot tips. so we may see something like that occur in this show. to never read the whole thing. didn't stand I was innocent. but gonna make over the stories. they're making me work my brain. I mean, leave me that of stuff. so episode 2 ends in 2015. now we see Wayne looking at photos of his wife numerous times throughout the to 2015 storyline. now, obviously he's missing his wife. we he's morning, and his dementia kicked in a lot at this point in time. so we don't know where they're going with that, but it's heavily implying that something's up with Amelia here. yes, it's clear. there's, there's a few things that play here. I think that one that she's such a significant part of his life, clearly. oh yeah. um, that like she kind of brings them back into re remembering things that he previously forgot, pieces of the puzzle that he has since said his he said that, you know, I forget parts about your mom to Henry, mm-hm. but I kind of feel like comparing it to in Inception, the anchor everyone's, yeah, everyone has their own little piece of something that kind of brings them back to that reality and makes them know that this is true. and I feel like Amelia, or the image of me Amelia, he's always glamour her book. he's always glancing at her photo. it triggers him to remember parts of his life that went missing in his own mind. well, yeah, what's the first last thing we see on camera is he's looking that that photo pushes in, and then, BAM. he's just straight up in the middle of nowhere. he's like in his pj's in the middle of shoe pick and Briarwood, and he's completely lost. you can see the expression all in his face. there's no dialogue at all. and it's implied that's something that from Amelia, that he thought of got him down there. but we don't know yet what, ladies, something occurred at this look, and we don't know, there's a good chance that Melia was involved in that, at that spot, or the person that was wrongly convicted for this mystery was involved there. now, one thing I noticed here is that this was the first time within one timeline that that snap occurs. mm-hmm. normally we see Wayne, he's snapping to and from a different time line, say the 80s to the 90s, 90s to 2015. he's looking at a photo in 2015 and snapping to another incoherent place in 2015, many hours later, right? hours later, hours in the past, days later, days in the past. we don't know, remember when we talked about Westworld and Bernard and that whole thing? again? we don't know what if he snaps again in like the a in the 90s, we have another one of those moments. so that's the only thing I'm worried about here. if they do that, they continue to jump around. yeah, that I think it just goes to show that, look, literally, his he's losing memories, and his memory is deteriorating even at a more progressive rate, maybe in the twenty in 2015. and that, you know, I it's just getting a lot worse at this point of his age. okay, so I decided, oh [ __ ] buddy, I got to dig a little deeper. there's no pepe, so he's gotta be careful of Pepe. I'm now for a little bit deeper dive things we noticed. we call it the Pepe Silvia segment. oh, yes. um, we have this one big question. is season one in season three, connected. do they share a universe? I think they all do. I think season two, two, you can add in there. they may have elements that are very much connected together. and I think they are all in the same universe. sighs, yeah. because we got it's easy. we got the first major, kind of a little Easter egg, so to speak, when ELISA Montgomery was interviewing Hayes, she talks about the online community that's devoted to true crime, you know, trying to solve these murder mysteries on their own. and she rattles off a couple other cases that make kind of similar there, that share similarities with the per cells. and she mentioned, she mentioned specifically the quote, crooked spiral iconography, which obviously is from Season one, big-time in season one. and she talks about all these pedophile rings and with high-profile people. and she says that obviously she wonders if the dolls and this specific mr. e is part of some much bigger thing. again, we're talking yellow King trying a vibe here. they may put elements of that in here, but I feel like maybe that's just an easter egg, that's could just be nothing more than a easter egg. I think it's just a playful Easter egg. but I did, like, I did like the mention of it, yes, it makes it feel like it's one big universe. and, you know, Hayes, he kind of downplayed the whole thing and said, no, there's no way that it's not, it's not your kind of thinking. a little bit too big. the whole idea, you know, online communities, obviously a lot of things, kind of the moment momentum builds for these kind of extraordinary conspiracies, you can see that it can get out of this release. is this the writers trying to like, do a little like reddit, like hit? yeah, this is driving us crazy, yeah, making us look through at it. yeah, totally. she also mentions the Franklin scandal, and that straw dolls are a sign of these, you know, of pedophile rings. the Franklin scandal actually was involved a Franklin community credit union, and after that went under, there were allegations that the money was used in financing child prostitution and drug trafficking. and, you know, a federal grand jury actually found this claim to be false, and it kind of discredited the whole hoax as a hoax. so there is some basis in the real world as to kind of the crimes of this nature, but I think, I think, I'm going with Hayes and the fact that, like, it's probably a much simpler explanation, and it's not some vast conspiracy that the online communities kind of created. yeah, and I'm making a joke at reddit, basically. also, there's some similarities with the religious overtones they have this season with will patinas. yeah, that's a praying position, yes. I mean, what was it in season 1, first murder? there, kneeling cream. yeah. Dora Lange is kind of tied up against the tree, and she's like an annealing prayer position. so definitely the connection between how both these murders occurred. okay, let's talk about she picking Briarwood the let's see, why was he there? why was he there at that? yeah, this is a big, you know, it's a big cliffhanger at the end of this episode. and when I initially watched it, I was like, what? where the hell am I like, what's the significance of this place? was that the house where the per cells lived? is that we're where Wayne used to live? I had no idea and then we looked back at the map, and we're wet. what is one of the spots that circled down there? yes, that Halloween route, that retreat route, where the dolls were passed out. no, there's an X directly on that corner of the street. someone lived in a house on that Street where now it's a vacated lot, where either they found the wrong person there, and some big shootout went down, and some horrific stuff happened that would cause Wayne to leave the force. obviously, it's still haunts Wayne. have you left the office at all? yes, I have you went home to see your wife finally? yes. and she left me back here with whodunit? mhm. let's look at the evidence. okay, let's get right into it. let's start with will. all right. will Purcell, blunt-force trama, cervical fracture. yes. all right. someone broke his neck and brought him to the cave. they left those dolls out there. they put his hands together, and then Julie Purcell, her fingerprints came up ten years later, right? and they may, I got a note. maybe you think it's the kid. at least put you on that route. we'll see how that goes. all right, let's talk about suspects. let's run it down first. suspect number one, uh-huh. this fox. what do you think? too small to really keep him on the list. Bret Woodard, shit's not good for him right now. he's not comes to the just the town itself, right? I think more for looking at something with the town probably turning on that man. singer rather later than the police. well, we'll see. wrong place, wrong time. yeah. damaged war veteran. don't think he's guilty. new suspect added to the list. Dan O'Brien, the creepy cousin of Lucy's. they should arrest him just for that coat. creepy cousin with the creepy coat. guilty as charged in my book. let's keep keep an eye on this guy, because if he didn't do anything with the kids, or we don't have enough evidence to prove that, but something weird is going on with him and his relationship with his cousin, Lucy. yes. and now the mom throws in the theory that the kid not be Tom's Julie. that makes you wonder, is that father the purple VW boys eye? I suspect I've gotten the feeling that they're the ones who probably go to jail. someone in that group is probably going to jail. maybe Freddy, the way he was grabbing yes during a lunch or recess. yeah, yeah. I would assume it's because they screwed up their story, right? they're not sticking to the same story. they're kind of, we're kind of breaking them down a little bit. remember, his fingerprints are all over that bike. that's not good, dude. the kid winds up dead, and my fingerprints are all over that bike, and the last ones on there, that's not good for you. what sounds good? how about the pur cells? we got Tom and Lucy. we've suspected their intentions might not be 100% genuine. but what do we think? uh? so this is the coffee Dick Wolf theory, that the parents, one of the parents, may have just tried to set this up as like a ransom kidnapping, and something went terribly wrong in this process. you can look at the dad for that. the most of you see this certain that the kids were still healthy, right? and they weren't at the house, and he kind of, it just felt like he knows more than he's letting the detectives know, but I really think there's a third party here with the parents. they just look too distraught to really do it themselves. yeah, great coffee, by the way. thank you. thank you. appreciate that. no problem. there's not another new, how do you know? another new suspect added the list. Amelia, do we think that Wayne's future wife is responsible for something so horrific? I mean, all the signs point to her, to be honest with you, I think pharisee theory alert, yes, yes. the filmmakers, maybe this is a little bit of a misdirection, I think, with her character, there's so many clues pointing towards her right now. just she's involved so much in this case. she's very fascinated with the case. yes, maybe a little bit too much. on top of that, you got the scene in the bar where she brings up to her she wanted to be someone else, a different personality. she, yeah, what else? entirely - yeah. that just set off a few red flags for people. listen, I don't think, I don't think she's the killer, but I really think they're trying to lead you down that path. or maybe she's like the role play. and another new face on our suspect list. this is ELISA. ELISA Montgomery, yeah, she is the, you know, the making a murderer style docu-series called true criminal. interviewing Wayne. okay, I they would never do this, but you can say, like people are thinking, is it, is it Julie? is she actually Julie? but the age, it does not match up. so the girls 10. she would be in her 40s in 2015, right? so that note that I don't ridiculous young. yeah. and, you know, I'm really leaning towards, you know, this is pretty obvious that we have not met the person yet. this is only two episodes in mmm-hmm. I think that or the street he's at, if it involves the the killer, or anybody involved in there, we haven't met that person yet. now, perhaps, is that person Julie's real father, the person responsible for this? you alluded to it earlier, that she might have a different father, that Tom Purcell is not her dad. could that be a possibility? that her father came back, is pissed off at Lucy and snatched her, yeah, snatched her. unfortunately, will died in some sort of struggle. and and that's kind of what we have here. I wonder if there are little bit more things going on here. then one thing that leads to another, and there's like just a snowball effect that takes place. like will winds up out there by himself somehow, and gets killed doing something completely different to get separated from his sister, and she goes off and our different route altogether. we don't know. yeah, that would be cool if there's more to this than just one person. I feel like we're going that way. but at the same time, - yeah, I agree. I do not think the killer was on screen at any point the first two episodes. also, when it comes to looking for the killer, I'm more excited about what happens to this town than I am trying to discover the mystery whodunit, right? I'm more interested to figure out, how does this town eat itself alive in the 90s and 80s? I want to know what happens here. yes? so you're just really excited for the downfall of the whole community. you're saying, hey, they're building it up pretty damn well right now. I just want to know that some chaos is about to go down in this town. and I'm more curious to see what happens there, than I am to just reveal who's yeah, because that's not good. no matter what, its gonna be anticlimactic at this point. well, it's clear to me that we have a long ways to go to crack this case. that means overtime for us both. okay? at least six more times we're gonna, yeah, at least in this room. six more you'll get the view at work. it's six more times in this room. and you should not go back home. there's nothing waiting for me at home. yes, we've talked about this. I'm very sorry, but we have, we have each other. okay, everyone, that's it for us over here. now. we will be back here on Tuesday next week for episode three. make sure to leave any comments, or any predictions and theories in the comment section below. we love to hear from you guys. and also hit that subscribe button, because we're gonna break down all eight episodes of the season, yes. and now we leave you with some words of wisdom from good old Frank. Oh, Frank, maybe I should have gone to the airport. I wanna look hungry. never do anything out of hunger, not even eating. 