hey guys, miss horror here. today we're going to try something new and take a look at a film called till death, directed by sk dale. so let's get started. at the beginning of the movie, we are introduced to a girl called emma davenport, who is driving to her husband's office after ending an extramarital affair of hers with tom, one of her husband's employees. ending this affair was extremely hard for her, since both tom and emma had fallen deeply for each other. but since it was her wedding anniversary the next day, with a heavy heart, she decided to do it. when she goes to her husband's office, she finds a case file on his desk that triggers a series of disturbing flashbacks. the case was a robbery involving emma. a robber called bobby had once attacked emma and had severely beaten and bruised her. during the struggle, emma had blinded the attacker, and he was sentenced to 10 years in prison after he was caught. emma's husband then returns to his office and takes the file away from her, saying it would trigger her anxiety. it is revealed that emma's husband is a successful lawyer called mark webster. a year has passed since they've been married, and the couple seems to have fallen out of love. mark is very controlling, and emma seems to be unhappy with him. after noticing that emma isn't wearing the dress he told her to, he decides to send her back home to change into it. when mark and emma leave the office, they meet tom in the elevator. emma's heart stops for a moment, but tom stays calm and collected. mark introduces tom to his wife and seems to be completely unaware of their affair. later, mark treats his wife to dinner at a fancy restaurant and gives her a steel necklace as a gift. emma also gives her husband a gift, tickets to the super bowl, where he always wanted to go. but he blatantly refuses her gift before leaving the tickets at the restaurant. after leaving the restaurant, mark tells emma he has one last surprise for her. he then blindfolds her and takes her for a ride. over an hour later, the blindfold starts to annoy emma, and she starts complaining. after a while, she ends up pulling it off to see they have arrived at their lake house, a place that held many of their happy memories. inside the house, mark again leaves emma downstairs blindfolded, with instructions to take it off after counting. as soon as she is done, she pulls it off to see the house decorated beautifully with candles lit all around the house, and petals lay down on the floor. following the petals, emma is led to a room where numerous photos of her with mark are hanging. a cd player at the corner is playing their wedding song. this makes her extremely happy, and she leaves the room with a smile to ascend the stairs to a room where mark is waiting for her with two glasses of champagne. mark tells her that he knows things haven't been right between them, and asks for another chance to improve their relationship. after a night of heated passion, they both go to sleep. the next morning. after emma wakes up, mark asks her if she had sweet dreams. emma finds herself cuffed to his hand and springs up, asking him what it is about. mark turns to her and says it's time to wake up, before shooting himself in the head. in a state of complete discombobulation, emma tries to figure out what has happened. she pulls herself together and starts trying to open the handcuffs. she tries to use the gun mark committed suicide with, but it has no bullets. she tries to call for help with mark's phone, but finds it dead. she then goes to the wardrobe, dragging mark's body behind her, but finds nothing except her wedding gown hung in there. she pulls the dress off the hanger and sees a safe behind it. with an unknown combination. she wears mark's blood-spattered shirt and uses the wedding gown to drag his corpse around. she descends the stairs and falls, unable to carry mark's weight. after reaching the bottom, she goes to look for her cell phone, which she finds submerged in the face on the table, and realizes it no longer works. emma searches the whole house for any sharp object to cut the handcuffs, but finds none. while searching, she finds her husband's car keys in the dustbin. she then drags mark's corpse to the garage through the deep snow barefooted, with her feet wrapped in pieces cut from her wedding gown. after reaching the garage, she gets inside the car, pulling the corpse in as well, but realizes that mork has emptied the car tank. their wedding song starts to play in the car, before a voice recording left by marx starts to play. through this recording, emma learns that mark already knew about emma's affair. he always considered himself superior to emma, and though he had blessed her with the luxuries he had given her, for which he should worship him, according to him, he was being called away. but his pride wouldn't allow him to die and leave emma behind to live her best life with tom emma goes back inside the house and starts looking for sharp tools in the basement. but to her dismay, every tool has been taken off of its place. dragging the dead mark out of the basement, she tells him she had been carrying his dead weight long before he put a bullet in his head. she then drags the corpse to the room in which their pictures were hung last night, only this time there are pictures of hers with tom all over the place. and right ahead there is a picture of bobby, her attacker, who, since the attack, had always given her panic attacks. from the cd player, a recording can be heard of her statement the police, in which she told them about the attack and how she blinded bobby in one eye with her keys. she then hears a car approaching her door and rushes to it. she finds tom standing at her door. tom tells her he received a text from her phone saying she needed help in the lake house. emma tells him that the text was sent by mark, not her. she is told by tom that mark's office had been raided by the police and everyone found out about his manipulated legal documents. she then realizes that mark saw poverty coming to him and decided to go down, taking emma with him. emma tells tom to call the police. initially he refuses, saying the police would not believe their story, thus they should manage the truth. but she tells him that mark must have planned something horrible for them, thus they should immediately call the police. tom turns to get his phone from the car and sees another car approaching the lake house. he asks emma if she recognizes it, saying he had seen that car parked by the side of the road as if a person was inside waiting for something. emma tells tom they need to run, but he tells her they can't run in the snow, despite emma's warnings, he goes outside and tells her not to open the door for anyone but him. the car reaches the house, and out comes a guy, telling tom that he had been called to repair a pipeline in the house. tom tells him that the owner is not home and he should come back later. the guy then asks if he can use the facilities in the house, but tom denies him for permission. the man then returns to his car, but behind him, bobby comes out and stabs tom to death. both men then enter the house. bobby seems to be determined to kill while the other seems to be in a state of fear and confusion, repeatedly saying murder is not what he signed up for and they should leave. bobby tries to calm the other man down, who is his brother, jimmy, and tells him they need to look for emma meanwhile, emma escapes the house and goes out into the shed, where she finds a boat covered with a cloth. she uses the anchor of the boat to cut the cuffs, but due to the thumping sound created jimmy enters the shed, she quickly lays down in the boat, pulling the cloth over her, and jimmy doesn't notice her. instead, the poor boy gets sick, seeing all of mark's blood, and runs back outside to inform his brother. jimmy comes back to the shed with bobby, but by that time, emma had gotten out of the boat and had hidden underneath it. jimmy tries to convince his brother to leave, as the girl could be miles away by that time. but bobby sees a footprint of blood beside the boat and realizes emma had no shoes, without which she couldn't have gone far in the snow. the men's conversation reveals to emma that they have been sent by mark to kill her, and their reward is in the safe inside the house. the combination to which they believe emma knows. when the men leave, she gets out and finds a container filled with petrol in the shed. she starts dragging it out to the garage. when jimmy passes by a few feet away, she lays down in the snow, and jimmy does not notice her. she manages to reach the car and starts pumping petrol into it. but bobby comes into the garage and starts looking for her. she manages to keep herself hidden, but to her dismay, bobby notices the fuel being pumped in and punctures the tires of the car. emma then runs out to the basement. when she gets close to the door leading to the house, she notices jimmy dragging mark's corpse outside. down in the basement, bobby has almost reached the stairs on which she's sitting. finding herself cornered, she uses her car keys to make the car alarm go off as a distraction. both the men rush outside, giving her time to hide herself. when she is not found in the garage, bobby realizes that they were close to her and she did this to distract them. this gets their hopes up, as they are now sure she is still inside the house. making her way inside. emma wears tom's shoes and hides in the attic. the thudding sound of her footsteps catches the men's attention, making bobby rush into the attic. emma cleverly manages to hit bobby with a golf club, after which he falls from the attic to the floor of the house. when jimmy comes to check on his brother, emma also knocks him over and locks them inside the room. she then goes outside and gets in tom's car, but unfortunately, bobby manages to get to her and pulls her out of the car. she manages to call 9-1-1, but is not able to tell anyone about her situation. jimmy panics and once again tries to convince his brother to flee, as the police could trace the call to the place. but bobby threatens him and refuses to go without getting the diamonds they were supposed to get as a reward. emma tells bobby that she doesn't know the combination to the safe, but he kicks her, making her unconscious. when she regains consciousness, she finds herself cuffed to mark's corpse. again, the men are seen dragging the safe to her. she again tells them that she does not know the combination, but bobby tells her that it is the date mark propose to her, which she, of course, knows. she refuses to tell them the date, saying they will kill her afterward. but bobby threatens to torture her until she gives them what they need. jimmy tries to stop bobby, but bobby throws him to the ground. jimmy finds the gun more accused to commit suicide under the bed and aims it at bobby, telling him to stop. jimmy then decides that they will uncuff emma and she will give them the date, then they will leave without hurting her. emma agrees, and after jimmy uncuffs her, she gives them the date. they open the safe, but inside, instead of diamonds, there is a small saw on which the words the diamonds lay close to the heart, are ridden. emma realizes that the diamonds are in the steel necklace and mark gave her. she tries to take it off, but it does not come off. bobby remarks that mark didn't want the necklace to be cut off of her, but he wanted emma to be cut off of the necklace. emma panics, and both jimmy and emma start trying to take it off. using pliers and force, but in vain. bobby takes the gun from jimmy's back pocket and aims it at him, telling him to get out of his way. he then tries to shoot emma and realizes there are no bullets in the gun. the men then start to fight in during the struggle, bobby pushes jimmy back into the wall, where one of the hooks on there pierces through his skull, killing him instantly. emma then attacks bobby with a knife, and after a bit of a struggle, she manages to throw him to the ground and cuffs him to mark's corpse. she then runs downstairs, but bobby keeps chasing her, dragging mark's corpse behind him. emma rushes to the car and starts driving, but she loses control and crashes it. bobby comes after her, but she gets out of the car and starts crawling away. bobby catches up to her and attacks her with a knife, which she dodges, and it is pushed into the top of the frozen lake. emma forcefully throws him aside, making the ice layer under him break, due to which he falls into the freezing water. but grabs onto emma pulling her down with him as well. emma pushes the knife into his eye, making him a whale in pain. after which he lets go of her and is pulled down into the water due to mark's weight. emma swims up to the top, breaking the ice layer on the surface with a knife. she then gets out of the freezing water and lays down on the ice. she pulls off her wedding ring and lets it roll down into the water as police sirens start to be heard in the distance, which means that the call has been traced and she has now been saved. let me know how you found the video in the comments below. make sure to like, subscribe and ring the notification bell. thank you for watching. 