the razor crest severely damaged a crash, lands on the moon of trask. [Music] the frog lady is reunited with her husband, who directs the mandalorian to an inn where he learns three mandalorians have been seen. and the captain of a trawler of corrin offers passage to find the [Music] mandalorians. [Music] out at sea. the captain shows them a mamacore they are transporting. he suddenly throws the child's carrier into the beast's cage. the mandalorian dives in after and is trapped inside. the captain promises to kill him for his armor. mandalorians come to their rescue, killing the entire crew. [Music] bocadin cries, and her teammates, cosgraves and axe woves, break taboo by taking off their helmets. the mandalorian distrusts them, but she explains her mandalorian heritage and that he is a child of the watch b a group consisting of zealots who follow the ancient way of the mandalore, which mainstream mandalorian society does not. the mandalorian leaves, stubbornly, refusing bokuton's help. the mandalorian is attacked by the brother of the dead trawler captain. again, bocaden comes to his aid. she later explains that imperial remnants still plunder mandalore, and her team is raiding cargo ships to steal weapons. she promises the information he needs in return for his help in their next raid. bocaden also seeks a mandalorian relic, which had been stolen from her, the darksaber. the child stays with the frog lady. the team makes short work of the stormtroopers on board the freighter and takes control of the cargo bocaden alters the mission, deciding to take the whole ship. the mandalorian is reluctant. bokoden mocks him, saying, this is the way the captain alerts moff gideon, but it is too late for help. gideon tells the captain to sacrifice the ship, to kill them all. the mandalorian makes a dangerous charge at a group of stormtroopers, allowing bokoten to take control of the ship in time. [Music] do [Music]. she presses the captain to tell her the location of the darksaber, but tells her she must already know and commits suicide. bocaden thanks the mandalorian and invites him to join them in future missions, saying his bravery will be remembered. he declines, saying he must continue his own quest. while stating that the offer still stands. bocaden directs him to the city of calidon on the forest planet of corvus, where he will find a jedi called ahsoka. to know [Music] you 