yeah. this is recap rep what a clarify this whole cockamamie x-men movie timeline for y'all ready for this? here we go. it's 45 or a tiny in peanuts are both in and dubstep, steady in the gun. starts fighting in the Civil War, raged on his brothers. tonight. there is alcohol water on the bond lines of World War two. the young child, uh, counter with Young Harris. oh gosh. so much drama and boys. they take it together and become deadly. because you buy the fruits. I do. yellow suits, working with the government to find and take a [ __ ] human spices, air paralyzes Charles in a chair. air agrees that Rises. Vietnam War for the next upgrade. target in Tuscany. CG, I thought a free no, forget. she's dead. white three mile mile delivery wipe. alright, so is the third segment online. get the [ __ ] on. it is gun. now we're gonna push ahead to the movie that started it all with us. Julio Simon Cruz, tight new leathers in trooper. they get to be the Brotherhood crew. you'll be down the towers, way beyond comprehension. but no one is stronger than the sexual tension through my current possibly son, the x-men and Brotherhood get a one-for-one. I qualify standard Rumson applauded. clearly, it's analogous. we're coming out the closet. last hand. these losses are [ __ ] Golden Gate Bridge on the sugar no bid. everybody dies or asserted their abilities. box beneath on a ham. that's 37 years later. Logan can't seem to let it go. relocate to Tokyo. rosy-cheeked America. hundreds of with Yukio like some samurai. don't sing. read. ah, no, wait, that's another guy. oh my. now is apprentice, but whole body. another fun business. by the time God gets crazy. here we go. skip ahead to bear on the quick. this abuser is dystopian. you'll be apocalyptic. the only home computer sending love into the past to prevent the homicide of turian track. both of on. Joey just Ross. dedicated. phase 70. talk to the Tomo. ready break, who is everything to raise. thanks. tiny one is [ __ ]. [ __ ] act to the new 83. apocalypse awakens and watch TV. nine colors, dialog, barely seen. at all. then Tommy goes, danik man, Charles goes, all. well, there you have it, from beginning to end. Charles and Erik still remain best friends out of Asturias. remember, just one call Quicksilver if you want your gun. that was the complete number week online y'all. but this is recap that got us all the college. but you want to see next, my talk of the screwed up our timeline and run. what's up guys. thanks for watching. you liked it when I check out either these other two dope videos. but be sure hit that subscribe button to stay up to date on all the latest works on content coming at you every Tuesday and Thursday. all right, time for me to make my grand exit. ex get it? ex what? so now 