Welcome to the breakdown where we breakdown all the messed up shit. Today we are breaking down the last two episodes of Corpse Party, a pretty gorey and fucked anime. Make sure you guys watched the first breakdown on the first two episodes if you haven't, link will be in the description! Anyway lets get into the breakdown! So, we are back with these people who are literally fucked. Kizami takes a picture of Morshige, but then turns his attention towards Yuka, offering to be the one to end her life. Next after another earthquake it cuts to sexy mama Naomi who gets a phone call from her mamma, then someone else invades the call and is asking for help! Satoshi acts like the biggest derp of all derps by continuing investigating, when he could be looking for his sister, who in the meantime is running desperately from that sick fuck Kizami. The red dress girl, guess I'll just say her name, Sachiko, helps Yuka un away and then Kizami gets bodied by the same guy who knocked out Sensei. Satoshi then meets up with Nano, the sick spirit and he learns that they completely messed up the ritual in the beginning! Then she teleports him to the one he is most thinking of. Back with Shinozaki and Yoshiki, they wake up in the original school although everyone else is missing. Then Shinozaki finds a portal which turns into one of the dead spirit girls. She explains how she got kidnapped, but she also explains that the two's efforts to appease the spirits weren't enough. They learn that if they wanna release their friends, they gotta go back, comment below on what you guys would do, cuz if it was me. They gonna find their own way back! The spirit girl puts Shinozaki in her position back to how she was killed along with he other kids. Off screen, the killer stabs a girls eyes out, cuts someone's tongue out, and slowly beheads another girl. Then we see the real killer was in fact Sachiko, the red dress girl. Sachiko then stabs Shinozaki in the eye and pulls it clean out. Then she wakes back up and the two decide to go back inside to save their friends but Yoshiki pussies out! Then we get this shot(Naomi's Panties) and she starts crying out which Satoshi hears, seems like the voids have mixed. Wait wait wait, so Nano takes Satoshi to the one he is most thinking of..... Which is Naomi. Naomi!. Not his fucking SISTER!?!? Fuck Satoshi. Naomi then takes Satoshi to Seiko's dead body. Next back to Yuka, Sachiko threatens Yuka and she pisses herself as Sachiko laughs evilly. Then some fleshy guy gabs Yuka and starts choking her out. Everybody hears Yuka crying and we see she has been tied up by the fleshy guy. Now guys we got some child torture so buckle up. He stabs her in the thigh, and then cuts her eye out of her skull. Then he stabs her in the torso before Yoshiki comes in and beheads the guy. Then he gets into a fight with he old teacher and we see he got cut across the ye. Then he gets disemboweled by the old teacher and then gets skull fisted by him too, what a terrible way to go, its like a Jason Voorhees type of death. Satoshi finds Shinozaki and Yuka and they meet up with Naomi. Yuka is still alive but dies in her brother's arms, at least she didn't go out like no punk. Then we see Sachiko laugh on. Episode Four Starts off with he kids talking about how Sachiko is the mastermind behind everything. The only way to escape is to put all the spirits to rest and get a confession from the killer. They need the charm as well but it seems Naomi might be missing hers. They come across an infirmary and they come across another spirit before running away. Shinozaki meets up with Nano chan and she goes all crazy She shows the crazy spirit some contradicting images, causing her to vomit and then puts her spirit to rest as well. We learn that Sachiko is bringing sorry fucks to the void to keep her dead mother from being lonely. Sachiko's mother is Yoshie san, a teacher who died from falling down the stairs and the woman that was seen earlier throughout the episodes. They come across a room with seals everywhere and Satoshi sees a flashback of the Principal cutting out Sachiko's tongue and stabbing her dead body. Shinozaki comes across Sensei but then the sensei gets beheaded by a loose board as an earthquake happens. Satoshi and Naomi then find themselves in some murder room and they hide as someone's coming. It's the old teacher who has Seikos body and he cuts her tongue out and puts it in a bucket of tongues. Naomi chases after the old teacher and finds a TV. Meanwhile, Shinozaki wakes back up in another gore room, but then Satoshi and Shinozaki get told by the spirit that Naomi is under control, but if she beaks free she can escape. Then the two find Sachikos dead body. But demon Sachiko comes and stabs Satoshi right n the hand. He subdues her as Sachiko's good spirit spawns. We find out that Naomi was the one who actually hung Seiko, but she wasn't in her right mind. Satoshi tries appealing to Sachiko's spirit as Seiko calls Naomi from the grave, forgiving Naomi and breaking the curse. Naomi finds the two and Satoshi reveals that he knows that Sachiko and the mother were the final victim. He freezes Sachiko and we see a flashback that the principal killed Sachiko's mother and suffocated Sachiko. This calms Sachiko down and then Satoshi gives Sachiko what she had before she died, and Sachiko asks for forgiveness as her spirit goes to rest. I don't understand actually, so if she was the last victim, does that mean she didn't kill those little kids? Because if she did, I don't got no sympathy for her. The girl spirit comes back as the school starts breaking down. The three begin their escape using the charm, and Satoshi finds out that Naomi is using a random charm paper which could result them into failure. He offers his to her and he will use Yuka's. They begin their ritual and they teleport, the three succeed, but the two girls carry a scared face, and we see Satoshi didn't make it back and the two girls hold each of his arms. The anime ends with Naomi's mother crying to a doctor about Naomi being in a disturbed state and all the people who died before have been erased from history all together. Well that was pretty messed up, the game is no where near this gory even if it does keep the disturbing themes. Anyway lets talk about the most disturbed moment and most enjoyed moment in that Spooky Stuff. So right into it, the most disturbed moment is Yuka's torture. If it would have been any other character, I'd probably say the same, but I think this would have been avoided if it wasn't for Satoshi. The most enjoyed moment was when Yoshiki came and beheaded the guy that was torturing Yuka. He went out in such a stupid way too! And that's it, this is considered one of the goriest anime ever, and I can't blame them. Thanks for 100 subscribers it feels great to see the channel grow, and if you like this video consider subbing yourself, Spooky is out! 