welcome to the man of recaps. we're talking The Walking Dead, Season one. Rick Grimes is a sheriff down in the south. he's trying to survive in the zombie apocalypse. so he was a cop and in the line of duty, he gets shot one day. doesn't know, a coma, but when he wakes up, nobody's there. turns out the world had a zombie apocalypse without him. so he goes home to find his family. instead, he finds this black family. they tell them the rules of zombies. one, of course, we get bit, you turn into one. head shots are the only way they'd kill him. of course, you don't want to use guns cuz they're attracted to noise. so, you know, melee weapons are better. anyway, they're supposed to be a survivor Center in Atlanta, so they stop by the station, grab a big bag guns. he gives this guy walkie. it's like, maybe I'll see you later. and if it finds a horse. and he rides into the city, which is why we get this awesome shot. of course, it's a terrible idea, because it's infested with zombies. so he has to crawl under this tank to survive. he gets up inside it to hide. and then it's swarming all around him. he's totally dead. but the radio turns on. some guys like, hey, I could see you. I'll tell you when to make a run for it right now. so he runs for it down the alley, and he finds this asian kid. so he's like, come with me up the ladder. I'll take you to my friends. one is this badass chick named Andrea. the other is this black guy. his name's tdawg. and up on the roof we got Merle, who's these like horrible redneck douchebag. and I he's like, starts a fight with tdawg, and he punches out. Rick's overcast, lay down the smack and handcuff him to the thing. he gives the key to tdawg because, like, he was the one he was fighting with. but anyway, now they're surrounded by zombies, so they have to formulate this disgusting plan to rub zombie muck all over themselves and walk through the streets to blend. it works pretty well until it starts raining and washes it all off. so they have to run. they have the fence. I think I should steal this truck and they steal this awesome car. they use the car as a distraction to load them up. the other guys are going down to get in the truck at 2000. I guess I'll bring you with me. but he drops the key down the drain, and it's like, oh, man, sorry, bro, you're dead. so they get in the truck and they guilhom they're out of there. so they've got the small group of survivors camping in the woods, and one of them happens to be his son, Carl, and his wife Laurie. that's convenient. also, his best friend, Shane from the force, is there, but since they thought he was dead, these two were banging scandalous somewhere else, still handcuffed to the roof. he's got a brother back at camp, Daryl, who's this cool dude. he's got a crossbow. he's like a hunter. and he doesn't take the news very well that his brother is left on the roof. so they form a rescue mission to go back and get him. meanwhile, back at camp, the short-haired girl, Carol, is married to this abusive dick, and so he like smacks her sometimes. and so Shane busts in there and he starts punching him. he lets everyone know who's in charge. the guys making it back to the roof, but Merle is gone. what happened to him? he found a saw and cut his hand off. oh, man. so they're following the blood trail, but it leads to a dead end. now, there's also the bag of guns that he brought with an it was lost in this horde. so they go back to get it, but then they find these guys who like, ambush them in the corner and ride off. but the Asian kid, they meet with this hardcore Mexican gang, and they're like, hey, we got one of yours. we'll trade it for the Asian kid. it's like, ah, we want the bag of guns. and it's like, now you can't have the bag of guns. we're gonna have a standoff. but then I'm well, it comes in and she's like, hey, what's going on here? she takes them. turns out they're caring for all these senior citizens. they're not that hard. they're nice guys. so it works. like, okay, you can have some guns. so back at camp, they're having a nice little fish fry when a zombie shows up. and he bites this chick, that's Andrea's little sister. and then a lot of zombies are there. so they're fighting them off. and all like, the random extras like get eaten at this point. but the guys show up with the guns just in time. they save the day. after your sister does die, though, I know, because she was bit, she comes back to life, and andrea has to put her down. classic. this chicks abusive husband also got bit, so he's put down too. and this guy was bit too, but he's trying to hide it. so they're like, oh, should we kill him? it's like, no, we don't kill the people are still living. but he like, gets his horrible fever when you bet he's like, honestly, just kill me. so they do the groups like, well, it's not safe here anymore. they plan to go to the CDC, the Center for Disease Control. that makes sense. so they head out. they get there. it doesn't look very promising though, and just as they're about to give up, the door opens, yeah, someone's inside. unfortunately, just as one doctor, he's like, we don't have a cure, but we do have a ton of wine. so they have a little party, and Shane is all like, you'll Lori you know, you should be with me. like me better. and so he, he tries to kiss her, and she's like, now my husband's back. now I love him. how get away from me? it seems like a man, that's awkward. the doctor explains the science of how zombies work. it's like some disease or whatever that reanimates just a brain stem. and he's like, yeah, we've lost contact with the whole world. we have no cure. we have no hope, whatever. and it's like, wait, what about this ominous clock that's ticking down from one hour? and he's like, oh yeah, that's the self-destruct sequence. and he locks him in because he's like, look, guys, the world's over. it's better just to go with it. but Rick gives an impassioned speech about finding the will to live, so he's a, fine, I'll open the door. you guys can get out of here. but he tells Rick a secret on the way out. loulou ominous Andrews all sad about her sister still. she's like, I'm just gonna stay here and die. but the old guys like, fine, then I'm gonna stay here with you. and she feels guilty. so they head out of there, and then explosion. oh yeah, I think the CDC. and they're driving off to who knows where. that's how season 1 comes to an end. 