welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and coming to you live from the fortress of spoiler Jude with some brand new Batman updates. this episode, were breaking down to big exclusives that have been sent to us by the fan community. and both provides some really exciting news. in the first part of the video, we'll be discussing some brand new plot leaks. and in the second, we'll be dissecting an insane detail that a fan noticed on the Batsuit itself. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you want to go into the movie as blind as a bat, then I highly recommend that you check out right now. whilst all leaks like this should be taken with a pinch of salt, they do definitely line up with things that we've heard on the project, so they seem to make a lot of sense. still, though, I wouldn't want to ruin the movie for anyone. so yeah, get the hell out of here if you don't want anything spoiled. if you enjoy the video, then please drop a thumbs up. and don't forget to subscribe to the channel for videos on the Batman every week, without the way. thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of the Batman plot week's okay. so if you cast your mind back to a couple of months ago, before the world went to crap, then you might remember that we did a video on some exclusive Batman plot leaks that was sent to us by insiders. these confirmed that the upcoming Batman movie was going to be heavily based upon the earth 1 graphic novel by Geoff Johns. what added weight to this was the fact that the message pointed out two things that no other fans have noticed up until that point. the first of which was that Batman is not a hero, was written on the back of the book. Robert Pattinson got a lot of backlash for saying this in an interview. however, no one outside of this message had noticed that it had come directly from the back of the book, which Pattinson had reportedly been given as something to study to get into character. on top of this, it also brought the use of vengeance in the work, which, as we know, had been used on some actors. chairs I don't want to just recap all of that video, but I did fully check out everything about the message, just to make sure it was true before posting. I tried to be as cautious as possible with my leaks before I put them live, as it makes me look bad if I get things wrong. now, so what I'm basically saying is that if I was Joe Chill, I would have shot the kid too, you know, just to be on the safe side. but still, take these leaks with a pinch of salt, as we won't know for definite until we see the movie for ourselves. now, the message that I received late last week takes the initial elements of the aforementioned pot leaks and builds upon them in several ways, flashing out certain things and having weight to the aspects that we've already theorized upon. the person who sent me this message has asked me to blur out their name, but obviously, huge shout out to them for sending it. they said, my friend, who works in the moviemaking industry know some things about the new Batman movie, directed by Matt Reeves. the Riddler, who is the main villain, will be very similar to the earth one version of the character. he'll be responsible for the death of the mayor, which will lead to a power struggle between several Gotham politicians, including Oswald Cobblepot. Batman will also fight firefly, who will be the Riddler's bodyguard in this movie. the riddle trophies from the Arkham games will also be included in the movie. they'll be left behind by the Riddler at every crime scene. Gill :, the Gotham District Attorney, will be based off of Janice Porter, a character from Batman victory. we also see Jim Gordon making his way up the ranks to be police commissioner, you're an awesome man, and keep doing these amazing videos. I left that bit and at the end I make myself feel better. but there's a lot to take from that. and firstly, we obviously know that the Riddler is the main villain, but the fact that he murders the mayor is something that we've kind of pondered over quite a bit. I can't believe I used the word ponder. this should call me the Pandora. now, subreddit DCE leaks did possess a post a couple of months ago was saying that the big crime scene that had so many news vans around it was actually due to the death of the mayor this was given more weight when the funeral scene was supposedly meant to be for him too. so everything seems to be kind of lining up towards that direction. also, due to the fact that bela rial is listed as a mayoral candidate on IMDb, many fans, including myself, have ponderize that there will be a power struggle in gotham for the position in the wake of his death, which this message definitely backs up. the message then goes on to say that Firefly will be the Riddler's bodyguard. though we don't know for definite whether this is the case, it's interesting to know that there was a casting call for a minion of the character known as the bright. you don't have to be Edward nygma to figure out that he and the brain are probably the same. so this is a nice little detail that kind of ties the two points together. there is going to be a fire chief in the film, so having firefly in it at some point does make a lot of sense. and thus these leaks see more likely. it has been long thought that Firefly would be in the film, and this message lines up a lot with that. I also love that, according to this leak, there is going to be Riddler trophies in the film. and that's definitely a cool little Easter egg I'll be keeping an eye out for. another interesting aspect is that Gil Coulson will be based upon Janice Porter, a prominent character from dark victory. in that book, she took over the position of the DA and the wake of Hobby dent, becoming two-faced. and now I don't think that this aspect will be in the film. I do you think that the darker side of her character will be within Colson? Porter was obsessed with Dent, and it is possible that this could be a motif that pops up in the film itself, making for an interesting dynamic, should the character appear. Porter was investigating the crimes of the hangman, the serial killer in the work, and she was eventually killed by dent. but I think in this film it might be the Riddler. finally, is the point that Gordon will be working his way up to commissioner. and I definitely think that this is true. as in a recent interview with Jeffrey Wright, when asked how it felt to be playing Commissioner Gordon, he corrected it by saying that he was just playing Gordon I do you think that this plot leak seems legit? and I am willing to hold my hands up if it's wrong, but after comparing it to other things we know about the film, it definitely seemed correct. if you don't know the channel wanting to cover these leaks, then go ahead and do it, as I'd love to see this story pick up some steam. but please shout us out, as it helps us to keep bringing exclusive news like this also, if you do it. yeah, can you please refer to me as the spoiler man from the fortress of spoiler tude? and then elixir yours, free of charge. anyone who calls me heavy spoilers will be copyright strike and taken to court. believe that. anyway, before we get into the rest of the video, I just want to let you know we're giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase three, part two box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to being with a chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the leaks in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of June, and the cell be shipped out from then Tova gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. okay, so the second part of the video, we're gonna be breaking down a mysterious part of the new bat suit that could indicate something very, very enraging. or am I not? now I'll just say that this person who sent this in thinks that Batman may, just may, be using a gun in the movie. now, before you start smashing the keyboard, I will say I disagree with this usage and have an alternate theory, but of course, shout out Simon and van ghoul for bringing this to my attention, as I definitely didn't notice it, and you should be proud of yourself for spotting it. now, as for the message, Simon Says, hit that like button. I'm just kidding, not really. Simon Says, so I'm not a leaker or anything, but I love scanning heavily over leaked images and putting ish together. first, I identified one of the pouches. there are actually at least two of this set on the belt, and it's a goddamn 9 millimeter clip pouch. we can also see he has an off-the-shelf drop holster on his hip. I find it interesting the pouch is empty in the set leaks. could this be they didn't want people to freak out over the reveal that Batman uses a firearm. not sure if this is something worth talking about on your show, but shout out van ghoul if you want to talk about this, no problem. if you don't keep making good vids. I left that bit in the end to make myself feel better. however, they are indeed right about this. and there are clearly some horses on his hip, typically used for housing a 9-millimeter clip. now, I got this email sent on the 3rd of June, and I've been thinking back and forth over what it could be. I don't think that this is 4 &amp; 9 millimeter per se. however, I do think that the holster is there to house a gun, namely, Batman's grappling hook. Batman, of course, uses the grapnel gun to get around the city. and the way that the DIY aspects of the suit have been put together, it is possible that he's modified a 9-millimeter itself in order to become his new grappling gun. if that is the case, then you can see why they would hide this from the bike chase and stuff, as it might cause people to freak out immediately without knowing the full context of its use. Batman did use guns early on in the comics, but since then, he's moved away from it, unless there are no bloody tank am i right? and I think the creative team would know the backlash you would be in coming, so they hit it. this seems strange to have a nine-millimeter pouch for any reason other than to house a gun. and after thinking on it long and hard, this is the conclusion that makes the most sense for me. so again, thank you, van ghoul, and also the other person for sending the leaks, who who wanted to remain anonymous. the Batman is definitely shaping up to be something special with these leaks. and hey, I hope you enjoyed the video. now, obviously had loved hear your thoughts on the leaks and what your theories are. comment below and let me know. and if you missed our breakdown of the new Batman updates this week, and make sure you check it out. after this, we go over some brand new Batmobile details and talk about the film in general in a far more exciting way that I'm selling to you right now. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you it. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. we're gonna come chat to us after the show. either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with us. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 