Story Recapped here. Today I'm going to show you a Chinese science fiction fantasy film called Super Me. Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take careSang Yu, a young screenwriter in modern Chinese and global capitalism, seems like an average guy. He is passionate about writing, but his lifestyle takes a toll on his mental health. He feels exhausted on a train ride from work; out of nowhere, a sinister demon enters the train and shackles him. Sang Yu is terrified but wakes up and realizes that it is just a dream. In his rundown apartment, he reflects that his life is meaningless at this point after losing his job. In the past, he tried to seek help from dream experts, shamans, and psychologists, but none of them was helpful in his struggle. He uses the last of his money to buy himself a snack. The vendor notices that he has nothing left for himself, so he adds a free egg to his sandwich as an act of kindness. As he sits down and is about to take a bite of his first meal, a man from behind taps his shoulder. It happens to be his work partner, San Ge, whom he runs away from after breaking their contract and leaving work with short notice. They both make up, and San Ge treats him a meal. In the restaurant, he grabs an aquarium to use it as a metaphor for what he is feeling. He says that the bowl represents the human mind, the fish represents consciousness, and the water represents the subconscious. He brings the fish out of the water, explaining that life is a struggle when the conscious mind leaves the subconscious behind, just like how he feels. Sang Yu confesses to San Ge that his insomnia is getting worse by the day. Whenever he closes his eyes, sinister creatures try to attack him. San Ge tells him that it stems from his laziness and that he should pull himself together. He decides to head back to his apartment, but it is locked; his landlord kicked him out, leaving all his belongings at the door. Without a choice, he leaves the building and decides to spend some time in the nearby cafe. Once again, the demon appears out of nowhere to hurt him; Sang Yu realizes that he fell asleep at the cafe and confirms his theory that his nightmares become so vivid when he sleeps. Already suicidal and desperate to get rid of his sufferings, he gets on the edge of a building, preparing to jump and end his life. Upon seeing the troubled Sang Yu, the friendly vendor calls his attention to offer him food, hopefully, so he could change his mind. This is effective, and they both sit on the building's rooftop to talk. The vendor asks him about his problem; Sang Yu opens up that his nightmares are too realistic, and he has not slept in six months because of it. The old man advises him to consciously think that he is just dreaming if he has an episode of nightmares. According to him, having a presence of mind can make him in control of his life and his dreams. The phrase "it is just a dream" is now imprinted on his memory\xe2\x80\x94a piece of helpful advice to escape his nightmares. Sang Yu watches his love interest, Hua Er, from afar. She works at a nearby cafe where Sang Yu usually passes by. That night, having nothing left, Sang Yu trades his phone for some amount of money. Later on, he tries to shoplift a convenience store, but he realizes that his actions are not right. He puts the item back and pays for two loaves of bread instead. Outside the store, Hua Er approaches him, but it appears to be the demon who constantly follows him in his dreams. The demon strangles him, but he remembers the old vendor\'s advice and says, "I\'m only dreaming". Instantly, the demon disappears. He wakes up, holding a priceless artefact that the demon chooses to kill him with several times. He brings the artefact to the trade market for some money; traders offer different amounts, but he sees more potential and worth in the item. Sang Yu believes that it is worth more than their offers, so he brings it to a more exclusive antique store. The owner offers double the price of the traders, but Sang Yu required more. They agree on a price, and he hands over the artefact. To celebrate, he buys a complete meal, a laptop, and gets a place to stay. He fixes his appearance and has a fresh start. He realizes that he has a rare super-power of bringing some objects from his dreams back to reality.To sleep faster, he takes sleeping medication. That night, he hears a knock on his door and dreams of being alone in an empty hallway. He tries to go back to the room and use the elevator but fails. Sang Yu sights a vase and tries to take it with him. Suddenly, footsteps approach, and he sees the demon again, holding another battle-axe weapon. The demon runs after Sang Yu and attacks him with it. Sang Yu struggles as the demon chases him. It is able to reach him and strike the battle-axe to his chest. He again snaps out of it and says that it is just a dream. Waking up safely in his hotel room, he clings onto the battle-axe he brought from his dreams. He returns to the antique store to sell the item and gets a considerable amount of money. Sang Yu becomes rich overnight and splurges on things that he could not afford before. The lifestyle of the young bachelor completely changed from struggling to get by to being at parties and malls all the time. As he becomes a master of his dreams, the locations he ends up at are becoming grander. Dreaming that he is in a high-end museum, priceless statues and sculptures surround him. Sang Yu takes a closer look at the things and try to figure out which ones have the most incredible value. The golden items amaze him as this is all new to him. He gathers the items he can bring to reality. This time, the demon attacks by trying to shoot him with a machine gun. It is a far more effective weapon of destruction. He tries to dodge the bullets by hiding behind walls. Eventually, the demon hits Sang Yu relentlessly until he dies in his dream without saying 