what would you do if you discovered guns drilled to both of your hands? welcome to recap. in minutes, we will be going through a 2019 movie titled gun akimbo. watch out and take care. the film opens with a virtual floating head criticizing society for enjoying stories, videos and news articles on subjects like murder and chaos, because it distracts them from their own miserable lives. the answer to this is akizm, an underground fight club where people are pitted against one another to the death. wall viewers all across the country watch for entertainment. the top player is nix, the game's deadliest and craziest killer, who is frequently tasked with going against other challengers, but she always manages to brutally kill all of them. then there is a guy called miles, a mild-mannered computer programmer, ultimate online troll hunter who keeps to himself and always flicking through the social media, plays videos, games until it is time to sleep. he works a dull job for an obnoxious jerk named Zander. he spends his free time behind the keyboard trolling the trolls on the internet. one night, miles randomly stumbles upon something online, where he discovers the underground entertainment platform, picks random psychos, weirdos and criminals and made them fight each other to the death. and the internet loves it. he does what he knows best by logging into the skizm message board to insult viewers. to his dismay, a skizm admin manages to track his ip address, forcing miles to shut off his laptop. he then gets a message from his ex-girlfriend, nova alexander, whose picture he accidentally liked earlier. they plan to meet the following morning at a park. he dreams about being in a park with nova, where she draws a tattoo on his arm and kisses him. miles gets a rude awakening from the door. it skizm ceo riktor and his goon dane effie and f-face. they break into his apartment, and riktor finally meets the troll. they smash his laptop, beak him and then tranquilize him. next morning, when miles wakes up, he finds that he has guns bolted to both of his hands with 50 rounds each. he tries to get his phone and mistakenly pull the trigger, causes him to throw up and react to the deafening sound of the gunshot. he freaks out and gets a message informing him that he has to kill nix within 24 hours. meanwhile, nix is currently on a mission to complete a drug-fueled job by massacring a number of goons. just after she completes the mission, the polices arrive the scene, and she escapes. she also gets a message from riktor from his underground hiding place, notifying her to go after miles, stating that this will be her last job before she is free from skizm. the next day, nix goes in disguised into a police station to track miles phone. and also, to her surprise, she can't find him having any criminal record. still at his apartment, miles finds it difficult to get dressed, and then decides to leaves with no pants. until nix finds his apartment. she starts to shoot at him, and he tries to reason with nix, but she attempts to kill him. there miles distract her and manages to make an escape. miles goes out into the street. while trying to obscure the guns, he goes to two cops for help but naturally, they draw their guns on him when they see him hold them up. skizm drones capture the scene as viewers tuning to make fun of miles. he is forced to run and hide in an alley. during the chase, he accidentally shoots a cop, but helps cover up his wound before running away. after unsuccessfully attempt to recruit help from the police, miles manages to meet nova in the park before nix can find him. when nova tells miles that she doesn't want to get back together and she would drive him home, he tries to explain himself. he shows her the guns, leading her to freak out and pepper spray him before running out of her car. miles ends up in an alley again, and just decides to blow his brains out, until a homeless man named glenjamin stops him because the angle is off and he would just blow his face off. glenjamin helps miles stress himself and gives him a dirty hot dog as food, before he goes to continue looking for help. nova ends up at a police station and report the situation to detective to degraves. after she leaves to degraves and his partners, stanton and hack into novas phone to track miles, but their main target is nix. miles goes to his job to get help from his co-worker, hadley, to remove the tracker from his phone. Zander then comes to chew miles out again, until he finally loses it and get asserted by angrily pulling his guns on Zander to tell him to stop being imperious. before Zander can turn over a new leaf, nix shows up and puts a bullet in his head and starts shooting up the office. she shoots at miles, who escapes by stealing a car. she chases after him on a motorcycle where they have a road rage, causing an accident. luckily, miles escapes and nix catches him in an abandoned building. miles tries to reason with nix, but she continues to try and kill him. he shoots at something that explodes, which briefly distracts nix as it triggers her ptsd of previous incident when she was young, which gives miles the opportunity to shoot her, but instead leaves the scene. miles calls nova as he tries to explain himself again, but riktor and his goons break in and kidnap her. they order miles to kill nix or they will kill nova. he phones the police and leaves his mobile in a junk car to provide the location. as he runs off, he stumbles into a drug drop between two rival gang and all the guys involved trying to kill him, until nix shows up and pumps everyone full of lead. miles accidentally shoots one of the main dealers in the neck, where he slowly and painfully dies. and it clearly messes him up to graves and stand find miles and arrest him. he thinks they will take him to the hospital, but degrades says they need him to get next to go to them. he reveals that nix is his daughter. he once put riktor behind bars, but when he got out, he targeted degraves's family with a car bomb. he pulled his daughter out, but lost his wife and son. his daughter, nix grew up to be insane as she targeted riktor and got caught up in skizm. stanton then shoots to degraves in the head. he is a mole working for riktor, and shows miles a video message from riktor stating that he has a half hour to kill nix or nova dies. miles goes to a gamer cafe and gets one of the ladies there to help hack into nova's phone to track her location. the lady recognizes miles and tells him that he is skizm's most viewed player, and viewers have dubbed him gun akimbo. miles rushes to the location and finds riktor and the three goons there. they appear to shoot nova in the head to taunt miles, but he removes the bag off their head to see that it's hadley. miles goes to another location out in the open where nix finds him. he suggests they team up against riktor, but suddenly she appears to shoot him dead. viewers appear disappointed in miles death. he is brought in by a cleanup crew to skizm headquarters, where miles shoots two of the villains in the head. nix then meets him there, as they planned rewind to write before the shooting, where miles had waited for nix to reveal that he knows riktor killed her family, and shows her degraves body. they teamed up to take skizm down together. and set miles up to wear a kevlar vest. miles and nix get into the building and start shooting all of riktor henchmen. the two reveal themselves to the camera to let riktor and viewers know that they are alive and coming for them. but miles also takes an opportunity to tell everyone watching how screwed up they are for encouraging all this, not that they care. meanwhile, riktor gets really angry and orders dane and effie to go down to kill miles and nix. effie pins miles down, but he manages to shoot her in the head. dane and nix get into combat where dane severs two of her fingers and almost bashes her with a hammer. but nix smorts some drugs and gets powered up, taking the hammer and smashing dane's bones. he tries to blow them up with a gas tank, but miles comes in to finish the job, even though nix told him not to. more henchmen go after them, as riktor tries to take nova with him on a chopper. with the odds not in their favor, nix decides to go out on her own terms, after telling miles to kill riktor for her. she runs out, shooting the henchman while getting shot herself, before running up to f-face, while strapped with explosives, blowing herself a face and every other goon to kingdom come. miles follows a message left by nova to lead him to the roof. he catches riktor before they get away, and he wastes his last bullet trying to shoot riktor. he shoots miles three times, but he continues moving toward him. nova manages to free herself, and miles pistol whips riktor before throwing him over the ledge. as he hangs on, riktor tells miles that skizm is going to go global as a major franchise. miles loosens riktor's grip and sends him plummeting to his death. viewers everywhere cheer miles's victory. he has a brief fantasy where nova runs back to him, but this is due to major blood loss, and she is actually horrified to have seen him kill riktor. later on, miles gets the guns removed from his hands. while he and nova don't get back together, she has created a gun akimbo comic book based on him. portraying him as a hero. he is now tracking skizm activity across the world, making it his duty to take them all down. thanks for watching. please don't forget to subscribe and turn on the notification bell to get noticed when a new video is uploaded. 