I want you to hit me as hard as you can. hi. I'm Luke Ryan for Joe. Blow calm and welcome to movie endings. explain, where we'll be taking a look at some of the more ambiguous and discussed movie endings that have left audiences debating their true meaning long after the credits have rolled. this time we're going to be tackling one of the most talked-about endings in movie history, that of Stanley Kubrick's seminal science fiction masterpiece, 2001, a Space Odyssey. now, this film, based on noted sci-fi author arthur c. clarke short story The Sentinel, was released in 1968 and wild audiences around the world. many people got it, many people didn't. and it's been the subject for debate for almost 50 years at this point. the two-and-a-half-hour epic is full to the brim with symbolic imagery and could be dissected indefinitely. so we're really just going to focus on the ending of the film, though that is no simple matter either way. the film is split into four distinct sections, though many have argued that, in line with the on-screen titles, it's only three sections. we begin with the dawn of man, where apes discover a mysterious black monolith, which appears to influence them to realize they can use violence against each other. in one of the great jump cuts in cinema history, we transition from a bone flying through the air to space and follow a group of humans who travel to the moon to investigate a recently discovered artifact, which turns out to be another black monolith. the second section is the Jupiter mission, some 18 months later, where we follow a crew setting out to find out why the monolith on the moon sent out a transmission to this planet after a lot of drama and goings-on on the ship. and as great of a character as Hal is, we can't really talk about his character that much because he doesn't factor into the ending. dr. David Bowman is the last man left on the ship, and he goes out into space in an Eevee, a pod, to investigate another monolith floating in orbit around Jupiter. there he is pulled deep into a vortex of light. what follows is a near ten-minute sequence in which Bowman's travels through the portal is shown in dizzying detail with kaleidoscopic lights, bizarre interstellar imagery and unusual landscapes characterized by abstract colors. eventually, his pod comes to rest inside a predominantly white room decorated in a neoclassical style. David begins to explore the room and wanders into the bathroom. when he looks at himself in the mirror, he realizes that he is aged significantly by the lines on his face. as he looked back into the room, an old man has sat inside. in an eerie transition, the old man gets up and walks towards the bathroom, and we realized that he is, in fact, an even older version of David, who has now taken over. the old David returns to eating his dinner inside the white room and accidentally knocks his glass onto the floor. as he leans down, he hears breathing and notices an ancient man lying in the bed. again, we transition to an incredibly old David, who slowly reaches his hand up, and the big reveal another black monolith inside the room. as David reaches out to it, he transforms into a fetus enclosed inside a glowing orb of bright light. the camera zooms in on the monolith until it encloses the entire screen, and we smash cut to the moon. and a classical piece of music begins to play, forever linked to 2001, entitled also sprach zarathustra. and slowly but surely, we see the reveal of the so-called Starchild in orbit above the earth as the film reaches its climax. [Music]. so that was the ending. but what does it all mean? well, it would be foolish to think that this is a simple matter of decoding and finding out the true meaning, as this is a movie ending that truly does rest upon the viewers interpretation in a lot of ways. the key is obviously the monolith, an object that is both puzzled and delighted viewers over the years. the simplistic, yet harsh and cold design draws the eye and intrigues the mind. it appears during the evolution of mankind, and its appearance on the moon and later Jupiter, could be the hint that a new stage in human evolution is about to begin. was David literally turned back into a baby and transported back to earth? I don't think it's quite as simple as that, nor do I think he's even necessarily been reverted back to his youngest form. it could quite possibly be a new organism, and that David was merely the vessel for a new life-form. one theory points towards David being shown the Big Bang in the vortex sequence, the very beginning of the universe itself, before he is transformed into the next state of being. another is that the whole ending is an allegory for conception, birth, life and death. and bear with me on this one. the spaceship for the Jupiter mission is bulb headed, almost sperm like. and Jupiter itself, or even the floating monolith above it, could be seen as the egg. as David is taken through the vortex or the stargates, was seeing the visual depiction of conception. and as David watches himself wither away and die, he is reborn a star child, conceived on a higher plane. yeah, I'm not too sure about that one myself, but it is fun to speculate. now, the biggest real clue as to what is really going on can be found in the novel by arthur c. clarke. while the film was inspired by his short story, The Sentinel, he developed and worked on the script for 2001 with Stanley Kubrick. and also wrote a novel based on this collaboration, published shortly after the film was released. in the novel, things are explained a little more clearly. the monolith is depicted as a gateway allowing travel to other parts of the galaxy. the book calls the portal of David travels through GrandCentral an enabler of interstellar travel. the book further explains that the monolith is a tool created by an alien species, and they traveled the universe assisting lesser species to take the next evolutionary step. the room is deduced by David to be some kind of a zoo created by these aliens, where he is being studied. the clinical, yet familiar design of the room thought to be fabricated from information the aliens received from television transmissions. thus, David's transformation into the Starchild, as far as arthur c clarke is concerned, is quite literal. and he was sent back to earth to, no doubt, begin the next phase in human evolution, whatever that might be or entail. however, clark did note that his novel contains his interpretation, which is not necessarily Kubrick's, nor is it even the right one. it seems that Kubrick prefers to leave the viewer to decide what it means for themselves and what they personally get out of such a richly constructed piece of pure cinema. many have interpreted the film as the search for God, likening David reaching out for the monolith on the bed to Adam, pointing to God in the creation of Adam painting. so 2001, a Space Odyssey is hardly a film that can ever truly have its ending or absolute meaning explained, but more explored. to me, the literal explanation is almost irrelevant. and the feeling that those final 30 minutes evoke overpower all logical points. it's truly an experience. here's a few things that Stanley Kubrick and arthur c. clarke had to say about the conclusion of the movie. in 1968, the year of the movie's release, Kubrick said this, you're free to speculate as you wish about the philosophical and allegorical meaning of the film, and such speculation is one indication that it has succeeded in gripping the audience at a deep level. but I don't want to spell out a verbal roadmap for 2001 that every view will feel obligated to pursue, or else fear he's missed the point. arthur c clarke was a little more blunt when he said this. if anyone understands it on the first viewing, we failed in our intention. Kubrick fired back against this common arguing that the very nature of the visual experience in 2001 is to give the viewer an instantaneous, visceral reaction that does not and should not require further amp occasion. Clarke later clarified his comments, saying what I meant was that because we were dealing with the mystery of the universe and with powers and forces greater than man's comprehension, then by definition, they could not be totally understandable. yet there is at least one logical structure, and sometimes more than one, behind everything that happens on the screen in 2001. and the ending does not consist of random enigmas. some critics to the contrary. so there you have it. what are your thoughts on the ending of 2001? I always ask for your interpretation, but perhaps now more than ever, I'm intrigued to hear what people's thoughts are to reiterate, I see the ending, and, in fact, the whole film, as an experience that penetrates the subconscious and taps into something deeper that can't be simply quantified with words. so I kind of take from both schools of thinking, but don't think it's unreasonable for anyone to take something completely different from the film and its finale, should it strike them in a meaningful way, or maybe I'm just talking out my ass. that's all up to you, as is the way you interpret 2001, a Space Odyssey. I've been Luke Ryan for Joe Blow calm. thank you for watching movie endings explain, and we'll see you with the next one. [Music]. 