hello everyone. welcome to movieverse. today we're gonna talk about a fantasy movie titled fantastic beasts and where to find them. watch out for some spoilers ahead. the film opens in 1926. the dark wizard named keller grindelwald is terrorizing the magical community. the witches and wizards from all over the world are on high alert as he is preparing to launch his next attack somewhere else. a young wizard and zoologist named newt scamander travels from london to new york city with a briefcase full of magical creatures. when he arrives in the city, his case is inspected by a customs official, but nude, is able to hide the magic from muggle eyes. some men are inspecting a building downtown that has been ravaged the ur slash. a member of an elite unit of highly trained wizard named percival graves comes by to see the damage. an unseen force runs underground and destroys part of the street. as he walks through the city, newt comes across with mary lou barebone, a fundamentalist and leader of the second salemers, an anti-magic group, with her adopted children credence, modesty and chastity. she spreads a hateful message toward magic folk and how they need to be exterminated. as she tries to get newt to join her, a niffler escapes from his case when it sees a shiny silver coin. it makes its way into the bank, forcing newt to go after it. inside the bank, newt meets a factory worker named jacob kovalsky who is there to secure a loan for a bakery he wants to open up. newt runs off when he sees the niffler. and he leaves an okami egg behind that jacob picks up. newt goes for the niffler, while jacob meets with a bank employee to get the loan. but since he uses baked goods as collateral instead of actual currency, he is denied. before nuke can grab the niffler, jacob notes that the egg is hatching. newt uses his wand to pull jacob toward him, which is seen by an american which named porpentina goldstein. newt and jacob find the niffler in the bank fault. just as the bank employee catches them, newt petrifies him and gets the niffler to drop all the things it stole before he apparates himself and jacob out of the bank. newt prepares to obliviate jacob and wipe his memories, but jacob grabs his case and hits newt in the face before running off. tina catches nude and takes him with her after seeing what he's been carrying. newt is arrested for being an unregistered wizard in new york. he is brought before the magical congress of the united states called makusa that leads by the aura named seraphina pickery. tina brought nude in hopes that she will regain her position as an auror. but when the briefcase is revealed to only be baked goods, newt is released. meanwhile, jacob brings newt's case into his apartment and accidentally opens it, setting loose a few of the creatures, including the niffler. mary lou is seen operating an orphanage, wherein she teaches children about the evils of the magical community, modesty sings songs about killing witches. while credence suffers physical and emotional abuse from mary lou. she takes the children to meet langdon shaw, brother of senator henry shaw jr. langdon then brings mary lou and the kids to meet henry and their father, henry senior. but both he and the senator dismissed the bare bones as freaks, which appears to hurt credence. credence then meets in secrecy with graves, who needs credence's help in locating a child with immense powers, with the promise that he'll help credence get away from his current situation. newt and tina find jacob's building, which has been partially destroyed. jacob has been attacked by a mertlap, which has scratched his neck. newt grabs the creature and throws him back into his case. while repairing the apartment, he and tina take jacob with them away from the apartment. the three go to tina's home that she shares with her younger sister, queenie, who is an expert legilimens. jacob is immediately smitten with her, and queenie can see it, but she doesn't mind. newt and jacob go to rest in their rooms, but newt hops inside his briefcase and invites jacob to join him. newt gives jacob a treatment for his neck wound, and then shows him the various habitats made for the creatures that dwell in there. newt shows jacob a thunderbird named frank, which newt claims is the main reason he traveled to america, so he can bring frank to his natural habitat in arizona. jacob comes across a particularly dark entity encased in a bubble called an obscurial, which newt orders jacob to stay away from. he then asks for jacob's help in retrieving the missing creatures. jacob agrees. newt and jacob go on the town and find the niffler trying to swindle a jewelry store. newt chases the niffler throughout the store while causing significant damage to the whole place. the cops arrive as newt catches it. the cops are distracted when they see a lion walking through the streets, giving newt a chance to apparate himself and jacob out of there. the guys continue walking through the city and see other zoo animals running loose. they see another creature, the rumpant, is wandering around newt gives jacob a helmet in preparation for catching the beast, while newt goes off and does a bizarre mating dance to lure the beast toward him. the erumpen sees jacob and goes after him, but newt manages to pull it back into the briefcase. tina, who is gone looking for the guys after seeing they weren't in their rooms, sees them catching the earumba. a conference is held for senator shaw, and part of his bid for presidency, a rumbling shakes the entire building before an unseen and powerful force sweeps through the place before grabbing shaw and slamming him to the floor, killing him. henry senior goes over to his son's body, while langdon knows it's the work of witches. tina brings newt's briefcase to the macusa as they are gathered with other witches and wizards from around the world in the wake of shaw's death. tina opens the briefcase to let newt and jacob out. when the aurors learn that an obscurial was responsible for shaw's death, and that newt and tina have led jacob, who was a no major become aware of their world. graves confiscates the briefcase and has the three arrested. graves interrogates newt about the obscurial in his briefcase, believing him to be a fanatic of grindelwalds in his agenda to put the magical community above the non-magic community through murderous means. grave sentences newt and tina to death. queenie overhears this as she red tina's mind while locked up. moot explains to tina and jacob that an obscurial is a dark force created out of a magical child's suppression to their powers. the children who conjure up the obscurials also don't live past the age of 10. newt and tina are brought into a room where they are to be placed into a pool that will kill them. one of the witches extracts some of tina's memories, which show her as a child and another in which she is seen attacking mary lou and then trying to comfort credence. before tina is killed, newt unleashes one of the creatures in the room to escape with tina. when queenie shows up. they get jacob, and she sneaks them out in the briefcase at the bare bone home. credence is growing more and more unstable. he finds a wand in modesty's room, which mary lou sees and thinks belongs to him. she gets ready to beat him again, until modesty admits the wand was hers. the obscurial then gets loose and kills mary lou before destroying the rest of the house, leaving only credence and modesty as survivors. graves later finds credence and urges him to find modesty, since graves now believes she is the child that he foresaw. newt, tina, jacob and queenie go to a magic speakeasy in harlem called the blind pig. they talked to the owner, a goblin gangster named narlack, for information on finding the last missing beast, a demiguise that newt named dougal. narlach wants something to trade, and he has his eyes set on a little bow truckl resting in newt's jacket pocket. newt reluctantly hands over the bowtruckle, which reaches out for noon. narlac tells them to go searching in a macy's. almost immediately, narlack reveals that he sold the heroes out to the macusa, who come in and start going after the heroes. jacob punches narlach in the face before they have to escape. the heroes go to the macy's and find dougal, who is looking after an okami hiding up on the ceiling. it causes trouble in the store for the heroes, but newt tells jacob and tina to get an insect and a teapot. jacob gets a roach, and tina grabs a teapot. so jacob tosses the roach into the teapot, allowing them to catch the okami as it shrinks and is caught in the teapot. inside the briefcase, queenie sees a picture of a girl named little estranged, who has an old connection to newt. he doesn't want to talk about it, as their relationship seems to have ended poorly. graves and credence find modesty in her old family home. when graves makes it clear that he will not help credence, his rage intensifies, and it turns out that he is the one who has been possessed by the obscurial. his advanced age has allowed him to build up so much power, making him the most powerful obscurial alive. creedence sets off on the city streets, leaving a trail of destruction behind him. newt goes after credence, since he knows the oars will kill him without knowing the truth about him. he tracks cretins to an underground subway station and tries to sue them back into his normal form. as graves and the auras all arrive, credence returns to his obscurial form. although newt and tina try to urge the oars to let them handle credence, pickery orders them to kill cretans. they fire their wands at credence and destroy them. graves then berates the oars for their rules and handling of the magical and non-magical communities. pickery orders graves to hand over his wand and surrender, but he defies her and fights the aurors. he is able to protect himself against their blasts, but he is subdued by newt and is bound. newt uses the rebellio charm on graves, revealing him to be, in fact, none other than grindelwald. he is promptly arrested. newt uses frank to take a potion into the sky so that it can reign over the no majest and obliviate them. pickery thanks newt for what he did, but also reminds him that jacob has to be obliviated as well, since there are no exceptions. jacob tearfully says goodbye to new tina and queenie then asked it why he let him stick around. newt says he likes jacob and thinks of him as a friend. jacob stands in the rain, but queenie steps in with her wand to create an umbrella to kiss jacob. when he opens his eyes, the three are gone. jacob returns to his old factory job, still unhappy with where he is. newt bumps into him and drops a briefcase full of okami eggs and a note explaining this, so that jacob can use it as collateral to open his bakery. newt leaves to go back to london and says goodbye to tina at the harbour. he promises to return with a manuscript of his book so he can personally give it to tina. a while later, jacob's bakery business is booming as he has fashioned his pastries to look like some of the beasts he vaguely remembers encountering. queenie visits the shop, jacob sees her and appears to remember her a little. thanks for watching. subscribe. watch video like this, turn on the notification and leave a like. has really helped the channel out. 