wasn't supposed to be like this. a woman named amanda cooper falls ill with a rare form of cancer. her husband, ray cooper, is told that a potentially life-saving drug for amanda was pulled off the market days before her treatment was set to begin because of bioprime's ceo, simon keeley, paying the manufacturer to delay the production of the drug. watching simon on a live debate with congresswoman diana morgan, ray calls in and talks with simon, finally threatening him, saying that if he loses his wife, you'll kill him. keely doesn't take the threat seriously, and amanda passes away soon after, devastating rey and his daughter, rachel. six months later, ray receives a call from a journalist, martin bennett, who tells him that he has evidence of criminal activities committed by bioprime. yeah. they meet on a subway, unknownly followed by rachel. bennett explains that bioprime has been bribing anyone to keep their dirty little secret quiet. but before he was able to share more info, a hitman stabs him. [Applause]. ray engages in a fight with the hitman, but was distracted by his daughter. as the train stops at a station, the hitman throws out rachel and stabs ray, leaving them both on the platform to die. 24 months later, ray has been obsessively tracking simon's movements. he poses as a waiter and infiltrates bioprime's charity auction and confronts simon, but he says that he knows nothing, and tells him to go after bioprime's chairman, vinod shah, and warned him that he doesn't know what he is getting into. after a brutal fight that leaves one of simon's bodyguards shot in the head, ray suffocates simon with a plastic bag, killing him. ray goes back home, gets rachel and leaves before someone comes looking for them. after a long drive, they checks in a motel. rachel couldn't process the fact that her father has killed two people. she contacts the fbi agent, sarah meeker, and tries to convince her to look into bio prime. the next morning, two mercenaries break into the motel, trying to kill ray. ray kills them both and plans to go after shaw, and lets rachel help him to make the trap ray tries to get answers out of him, but char refuses to talk and is soon killed by the hitman, santos. rachel recognizes that he was the one who left them both to die back in the train station. ray and rachel meet with santos in a diner, and after santos admits that he finds himself sympathetic to ray's cause, he reveals that diana morgan is his real employer. he tells rachel that they will meet again soon. returning to the city, ray is ambushed by the fbi. he runs to the roof of a baseball stadium. [Music], as meeker tries to talk him down, it's revealed that rey is actually rachel. she saw herself as rey, hallucinating this whole time. her father, ray died at the subway station two years back. rachel, suffering from ptsd and a fugue state, devoted herself to finishing his quest for vengeance. [Music], she jumps into the river and gets unconscious. after breaking free and crashing the vehicle, she locates morgan's campaign office, where santos is waiting for her. despite him initially managing to get the upper hand, strangling and drowning her. rachel is able to regain her strength and stab santos multiple times. [Music]. she confronts morgan and records to her, admitting she was bribed by bioprime for government contracts and that she ordered the hit on bennett and ray. after sending the recording to the fbi, rachel obtains a fake passport and boards a plane to an uncertain future. parents and their children, where do we stop? and they begin 