[Music], hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2018 animated fiction drama film Isle of Dogs. so let's get started. 20 years into the future, an outbreak of canine influenza spreads throughout the city of Nagasaki, with a risk of crossing to humans. the mayor banishes all dogs to trash island. the first dog exiled is spots, who served as a bodyguard to 12 year old Atari Kobayashi, the orphan nephew of the mayor. it is all revealed to be a completion of an ancient attempt to remove all dogs from Japan. six months later, Atari hijacks a plane to search for spots. he is rescued by a pack of dogs led by chief. the pack decides, except for chief, to help Atari locate spots. they defend off a team Kobayashi sent to retrieve Atari. Kobayashi claims Atari was kidnapped by the dogs and vows to kill them as a punishment. after meeting a female dog nutmeg, chief decides to help. meanwhile, a cure was found by a professor that he's killed by poison. American exchange student Tracy Walker suspects a conspiracy. chief and Atari are separated from the others. Atari gives chief a bath, which reveals similarities between chief and spots. and Atari concludes they must be the same extremely rare breed. they rejoin the group, but are ambushed by Kobayashi's men. spot's arrives at the last second, and the assailants are fended off. Kobayashi announces Atari to be dead. spots confirms that chief is his brother and that he is expecting a letter with peppermint. he asked for chief to protect Atari. Atari and the dog's journey to the mainland to prevent all dogs from being terminated. Tracy suspicions of a conspiracy are confirmed, and she has given the last remaining vial of the cure. she presents her evidence of the mayor's corruption, but has ordered for immediate deportation. the dogs in Atari arrived and confirmed the Cure works. Atari presents a haiku, and Kobayashi has a change of heart. however, a fight ensues, an execute button is pressed, but the poison backfires on the captors thanks to the help of a hacker from Tracy's High School. during the fight Atari and spots are gravely injured. Ataris kidney fail but Kobayashi donates one of his own. Atari becomes mayor of Mecca sake, and he decrees all dogs reintegration into society. Tracy and Atari become a couple, and chief reunites with nutmeg. spots, who has been presumed dead, recovers and secretly raises his litter with peppermint in the basement of the Kobayashi Manor. so that was a spoiler for I love dogs. if you have a film you'd like to see a spoil let us know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 