what are you still upset about me trying to betray you and kill you? it was a month. the detective is still processing my devil face. the last thing she needs is a demon tracking her down. dan, does amina losing charlotte screwed him up really bad. hey, sorry. i'm late. digger. detective, oh my god. how was the vacation? where did you go? oh, i took trixie to europe, and we traveled around. and, you know, it gave me time to process. how does it make you feel? afraid? terrified? do you want to yell at me, punch me in the face, run away again? i i think i just want to get back to work, lucy. i'm here to make sure you know the truth, that we angels do, in fact, have control over ourselves, like i thought. i'm so sorry. problem solved. detective. as if you can accept me, then that really is all that matters. [Music]. but just remember what you're doing is the best thing for everyone on earth, including lucifer. we know about lucifer morningstar. understand we'd have been aware of him for about seven months. every day he remains on earth, people are in danger. see, i've decided that my life life is here now. no, i can't. you cannot ask me to do that. the devil must go back to hell. and the only person who can send him there is if you ever have any more questions, i should be happy to answer any and all of them. i've always been honest with you, detective. how is it that sometimes you don't get hurt, and then other times you do? what is the difference? you are i'm pregnant. i've made up my mind. i'm i'm not gonna help you. if i'm not the devil, then why are you here? because miss decker believes that you are. you need to be careful, mr morningstar. god knows what she has planned for you. i mean, a celestial impregnating a human? how is that even possibly? when you lost your wings, you became as mortal as it gets. ceremony involves giving the subject a sacramental liquid that would sedate the devil. oh, let me guess this. inside the plum vine. detective, what's this? nothing. i know you've been meeting with father kingly. i know all about it. you had rivas killed two innocent people to battle evil. he willingly sacrificed himself to force lucifer to reveal his true form. you're under arrest. father. for a moment i was helping him try to send you back down. could you accept me like this? i don't know. then i have my answer to stop the prophecy. when the devil walks the earth and finds his first love, evil shall be released. [Music], hey, lewis, found a way out of heaven. i didn't think that was possible for humans. i didn't choose adam. i was created for him back, for you, to be with you. boyfriend. well, i mean, once someone tends to when you're bleeding to death, it's only good manners to make it official. hello, brother. it's good to see you. remi. i've sensed a new celestial a baby right here in los angeles. but you already knew that. i'm gonna find somebody else. tell me. can you hear me? i'm protecting her, and i'm protecting my child, yours. i don't want to be a monster like this. evil shall be released. this was my first girlfriend, and she's your first life, exactly. so to stop evil from being released, all i need to do is, drumroll, please, break up with ease. earth. no place to raise my son. and you deserve to be with someone that wants what you want. i want to be with you, and i don't like who i am with you. and i can't stop asking myself, why do i hate myself so much? if you really hate yourself, you need to figure out why. i'm gonna have father kinley transferred to our holding cell. if anyone knows more about the prophecy, it's him, detective, what is it? father kimmy escaped. lucifer's first love. first and only enough. lucifer doesn't love you, they won't go back in. is who i am now. yeah, i think i have a name. what about charlie? charlie after charlotte? demons can enter the bodies of the recent dead. so if one of his subjects could rise up from hell, maybe they could convince him. you tell them to come and help me save lucifer. you need to forgive yourself. i can't. i want to. i think you just took the first step. what are you doing here? i was tracking kinley. thought for sure he'd be here, but now the trail's gone cold. lucifer, you see scree i told you, he's recognized it. for you, of course, to help you get back home. i hereby name you, king of hell. there you go. well, we all know that the king, he needs to be an angel. fair point, charlie, he's gone. that's right, my little angel. who the new king of hell? yes, the vial is gone. can these violence? they're probably planning on performing the same ceremony. the thing is, i don't take orders from you anymore, detective. what are you doing? i'm sorry. i know. i don't want you to see me like this. it's amazing how many demon souls you can stuff from a little church. confession. you do not belong here. go home. no one will protect him like we will. we both know i don't do that. tonight we won, but we just plugged one hole in a very flimsy boat. i have to go back. i need to keep them contained. they must have a king. please, don't go. i i love you. my first love was never eve. was you? chloe? [Music], you 