welcome back to recapped. today, i am going to show you a action slash crime film from 1998 titled thursday. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. the movie opens in a convenience store one late night with a small-time drug dealer named nick. he is trying to decide what coffee brand to buy. his ex-lover, dallas and fellow hitman billy hill, are getting impatient and tell him to hurry up. nick finally choose chocolate macadamia, but the dispenser is empty. he complains to the cashier. the next morning, nick shows up on the doorstep of casey wells an old partner from his days as a drug dealer in los angeles. casey has cleaned up his life. he is now a married architect and is looking to adopt a child with his wife. nick leaves a couple of suitcases in casey's guest room before leaving to run some errands. after nick leaves, casey becomes suspicious of one of the suitcases and eventually opens it to find it filled with heroin. after calling nick to yell at him for bringing drugs into his home, he disposes of all of it in the kitchen sink. ice, a jamaican roster hitman, enters casey's house and is about to kill him, but casey manages to persuade him to have a last smoke of marijuana. after having smoked. ice is about to kill casey when ice's cell phone rings. ice begins to rap over the phone in an effort to clinch a record deal. and casey seizes the moment and knocks him out. casey then ties him up and leaves him in his garage. a representative from the adoption agency comes to interview casey about his fitness to be a father. the representative is particularly curious to know what casey did for several years when he lived in la, as there is no account of his time there. casey tries his best to cover up his past, as well as his recent encounter with a hitman. during the interview, alice, who wants the money that she believes nick left with casey along with the heroine, shows up. she scares away the representative from the adoption agency by telling a story about casey's drug dealing and murdering past. when left alone with casey, dallas questions him about the money's whereabouts, angry that he cannot help her, she decides to kill him, but not before she gives him fellatio to force an erection. she then proceeds to strip naked and proceeds to have sex with him without his consent. while dallas reaches a third orgasm, hill breaks in and shoots her, splattering her blood all over casey, his walls and his floor. billy believes casey when told that he does not have the heroin, but plans on torturing him with a saw and a blow torch anyhow. while he brags about his prowess and technique of cauterization, as he sets to work, hill is interrupted by cops, ironically raiding the house next door. as billy checks on it, casey is able to loosen the tape around his wrists and grabs a frying pan and sits back down. billy returns and tells casey the cops got the wrong house. as he is about to proceed, he notices something is wrong, but catching billy off guard, casey overpowers him and leaves him in the garage. nick calls casey from a pay phone, apologizes for everything and admits he had stolen the heroine and money from the police. after he hangs up, it is revealed to us that nick has been shot and is bleeding severely, seemingly about to die. finally, a corrupt cop arrives with a bag which contains nick's head. he gives casey until 7pm to find the money, but tells him that he does not care about the heroine. the cop then sees the garage with ice and billy tied up in dallas, dead and unloads a magazine into ice and billy. he then tells casey to throw them out as it is garbage day. he recalls nick's earlier words, which promptly lead him to find the money and a wedding present in the spare tire of his car. in the end, casey calls ice's boss and tells him that the heroine is being auctioned off at 7pm at his house. the movie ends as we see the cops and the jamaicans, both armed, about to meet each other at the house. casey meets his wife at an airport and tells her to come with him to france. she accepts. after casey shows her 1 million. they speed off to catch the next flight to paris. make sure to subscribe and turn on post notifications so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. 