nothing but time. your return to the underworld has been requested. remind dad that i quit hell because i was sick and tired of playing a part in this place of hell. for crying out loud, shouldn't you be spending your valuable time doing something more significant? i'm retired, maze. i've got nothing but time. we should be out there solving homicide and punishing those responsible. you're thinking about it, aren't you? it's i wouldn't recommend it. i'm like walking heroin. oh, you're the devil, correct? could you possibly help me? i have the ability to draw out people's forbidden desires. i got it. i got it, the name, the whole lucifer thing, and desires like your superpowers. give me one second. i just can't understand why you would save a human life. something different about it that i don't quite understand, and it vexes me. maybe it's not her, that's that's all i did different you. i don't see it. come on. i'm now an official civilian consultant for the lapd. so you're the devil and you've left hell behind to take a vacation in los angeles. what happened with lucifer? reaction to someone saving your life, when i see something i can't explain, yeah, i look for answers. well, i've given you the answer to detect. if it's not my fault, you won't accept it, you're gonna have to listen to me too. you like to hide insecurity and humor, don't you? what do you think i'm insecure about, that you are changing, that you don't know what's causing the change? yeah, well, i think you don't just enjoy punishing the bad guys. i think you're starting to like seeking justice for the good ones. you were once the brightest of all of god's angels, and now your time here on earth is affecting you. dear brother. you're changing. my life has changed. i saw lucifer do some things that i can't explain. is lucifer magician? that's sort of what i'm trying to figure out. what do you think i'm insecure about, that you are changing, that you don't know what's causing the change? a who make yourself a dream detective? no more drinks, no more blurred lines, no more trying to sleep with me and you are naked. this is beyond inappropriate. what are you sleeping with this idiot. she hasn't had the pleasure, unfortunately. no, hey, dan, i'm really slowly, i'm disappointed in you. something has fundamentally changed in lucifer. we can get him back to where he belongs, if you could just provide me with a weak spot. what are you? i've been trying to tell you, i'm the devil. just shoot me, detective, please, because maybe you're finally ready. some of the pizza really hurts. she shot me and i bled. i want what's best for lucifer. give me something that i can use against lucifer, and i'll make sure you're both back where you belong. he doesn't confide in me anymore, but there is someone he does. talk to. a doctor. you're changing, becoming vulnerable, maybe even oh, maisie, i know that you'll always protect me, no matter how mortal i've become. devil. can depend on that. hello there, neighbor. i actually need someone to confide in about a patient. and hey, listen, if you have any patients you need to talk about, you have no idea, right? there was a case, a shooting on palmetto street. malcolm got shot meeting up with some gang members. palucci thinks he took the bullet like a hero. i think he was on the take. container went missing. security cameras were disabled. what container? the container. someone's got them as a kin. someone's got my wings. you are stabbing hard at something that's just not there. there's gotta be an explanation for what i saw. dan, there has to be. it's my duty to return the wings where they belong. as in part of you long to assume your form. not exactly. chloe, this could mean a lot of things. it means a cop knew the secret passageway existed. dan, what is it? 999 key lapd issued. i was right. you betrayed me. mace lucifer, i don't want to hear it. we're done. i could have told everyone the truth. you shot me or didn't you? because i got big plans for you. you. people come to me to ask for favors, and more often than not, i'm happy to oblige. will you get a devilish iou, if you will? who wouldn't take a deal like that? they all do. all i have to do is wait for some pitiful thug to end you. and right back to hell you go. what do you want from your macro? you're gonna go into evidence and borrow something for me. are we done? not by a long shot. so you are the doctor. you're just as lucifer described. i like you, enjoying the life i gave you. do you want to go back? who do you want me to kill? lucifer morningstar, it would seem that i'm saying, no, oh god. mr morningstar, deserves everything he gets, but i can't let you kill him. leave the bottle. i had sex with your brother. that puts you in my good grace. as hell, i was his inside woman, and now i'm yours. hi devil. this is my pentecostal coin, subway token for the dam. it's all yours. if you don't shoot me, don't worry, i'll answer freight. and he ended it with me tonight with a text, why is it that sometimes i'm immortal and other times i'm all too human? appears that you make me vulnerable. you did this. you killed those people. i did this for you. are you happy? why would i be happy? you sent your demon to heal me. you know exactly what's causing your vulnerability. chloe decker is the one i should be throwing nice demon daggers forged in hell don't count. we all know those prick. the last place the preacher was seen was near lux put your hands up, mr morningstar, you're under i've arrest my fun on earth, and there's no reason for me to stay anymore. and i also know you're right. who's innocent? i need to find malcolm, and i need to send him back to hell. lied to me. i don't even know you. you shot a man in cold blood. i shot a malcolm to protect you. everything i saw at palmetto, it was all true. wow. i mean, wow. i could tell it was something special, but i had no idea that was going to work. what happened. he was struck with a blade. not of this world, mate, one of mine. i'm not here to arrest you, lucifer. i know you're innocent. i always have. you took that from lucifer. i kept it a secret. i'm here to turn myself in. what are you doing? i removed the firearm from evidence lockup and i gave it to detective mallory graham here. say hi, hey mommy malcolm has trixie. wow. if i get him his money, he'll let her go. i bet you never expected to miss this thing. so soon. if you're up there, dad. i need a favor. oh, i asked except you protected. [Music], this is impossible. you're looking for this? i know a guy. apparently. he wants me back here. someone's escaped from hell. must have seen a window of opportunity whilst you were incapacitated. who escaped hell? [Music], mum, you 