hello. [Music]. i never ever want to see your face again, not on my campus, and not ever in my army. we clear. son, crystal, sir, i deserve to feel special. don't look at me like that. i've got a system. it's all going back. boy or girl. boy. tammy, we don't know yet. she's still in surgery. this is anne gonzalez, assistant manager. tough as nails. she keeps everybody in line. remember when we first got here, we had fun together. all we did was bang. we laughed too. are you dumping me? [ __ ] you. you're not dumping me. i'm dumping you. i know you're selling vape pens to little mexican kids. i don't want to go into business with you. but you just had to name them. freddie, my professor's name. hopefully tammy likes that. we didn't really have a chance to discuss it, right? you know who banged a black person in our family lineage? someone from your mother's grandfather's side of the family had a mistress. pisses me off. i got an inheritance waiting for me, and debbie's holding it hostage. you left woman, run your life. it was down the street. why? didn't you tell me get away from the house, frank? that's why. son, mikey, so you're buying this [ __ ]. we're turning it, aren't you? get out of my shed. you get these back when frank is head of the household. man thinks, right. what about the return? that's right. there must be tons of stuff out there, you know. well, we're not giving it away for free this time. we're not. no, we're going to auction that off. make some money off these things atm cards. one for the each of you. frank, if you want to take over a side of the household, please do. it's a [ __ ] job. this all belongs to debbie. yeah. you get the fragrances. i'll get the shoes and the dress. i just want to spend time with you in a place that smells like corn cause you like me. no, this is not the place that sells stolen goods as a side hustle, unless you got the secret password. we did it. port money. we got money. we can go to the er for your disgusting, infected port thing. it brings you to church. hey, you n-m-a-a new mom a-a? i'm sarah. i'm mimi. d do you want to get a night cappy? maybe somewhere people aren't staring? all right, best friends. have fun. you're frank gallagher. boy. listen. you're not welcome here. liam, you got to understand that frank and monica wronged this family 20 ways since tuesday. but i'm just the only black person in the house full of crackers. debbie, oh, captain or captain, we're sticking it to the man. we're on strike. oh, my gosh, you'll marry rich. i got a good lawyer. it's child support, and all the fathers contribute. i would definitely revisit the derrick's situation. you can't go in that bathroom right now and rub one out. in under three minutes, it says you'll never come forward to claim any maternity derek is dead. this is about franny, derek's daughter. she deserves his death better many paternity rights. usually there's some exchange of funds when rights are signed away. how's 5k for your trouble? i'd be a lot less trouble for 10. i've forgotten that franny's one of his children too. yeah. well, my job is to make sure she remembers you ready to get paid? yeah. what's going on? she's got a bad infection, jacked up on drugs. what are you doing? why didn't you call me? i would have come to pick you up. i had a place to lay low for a while. you can stay at my house, really? yeah. of course. i'm not gonna let you sleep in a rail yard. thank you. carl a. parole board a hearing on the 10th. i'll be here at least a year. didn't you could stay here. i didn't mean your entire family. sorry. [Music]. you're not throwing your [ __ ] parole for me. we need to get you the hell out of me. i want to be with you. you don't get to be oh, hell. i gotta miss my meeting with dr robinson. george is coming to my place this weekend for a cookout. a ton of black doctors will be there. come. it'll be good for business. i'm wanting to give you one third of the benefit. in return, i want full custody. of friends. hang out during my lunch break. gotta meet my parole officer, kimball. jojo, got a new friend for you. coach. molested kenny. lawyer's putting together a class-action suit against the city. he says we could each get 10 grand. yeah, there's a deal with paula bedell. is your fault. you sure you were molested? i'd remember if you touched it, or my son, carls. i'll give you 30 and 15. 40 and 5. city basketball clubs are recruiting today. ty can't keep his offer straight. so i'm in our new rv. i guess we're living in an rv now. i negotiated peppa down to partial custody in exchange for some of derek's death benefit. but i can't stomach the front of that. [ __ ] having one second alone with franny brookie, shelley. shelley sparky, she's your boss? well, vice boss, cause i'm your boss. stick it to him. shell, she ready. she's gonna piss on the family's electronics and start several small fires. so, yeah, she's ready. okay, so you're mine. now you were right. we got to kill her. so i guess i owe you a check. i guess you do. you want todd, you're gonna have to go through me. his manager. [Music], hello 9-1-1. i'd like to report a fire told old lady get shot at the ashcroft bus stop last night. now, the street lights were out. you did a good thing, citizen carl got involved, made a change. do you want to go upstairs? we could kick off these heels, raid the mini bar and check out the view. i left you a little something on the nightstand. [Music]. do you want to join me? where are you? frank gallagher, let's go to my place and eat the street food. you live in your car indeed. i do you want to join me? faye donahue, is that you? that high school graduation right before everything changed forever. you were a prostitute when you picked you up on home corner. but i see now that you are more than that. kyle holmes was my fiance. who is this kyle guy? do you know what you did? i don't. i swear. hello. aunt doopy here. aunt oopie's got everything covered here. i'm gonna teach fred and that little colored boy about the gettysburg address. i'm sorry. wha. what was that part? look at all these beautiful, highly educated, wealthy black people, all doctors. i love. you. can't be fred's guardian. damn. she's racist as [ __ ], i think we should get married? what? then we can't testify against each other. staying out of jail is a crap reason to get married. no, we [ __ ] love each other. that's why we're going to get married. what the [ __ ] is this our youth leader program. these are future police dog your mission police. this neighborhood between point a and b. move out. go. go. go. go. it's marriage that i don't know if i love. i want to know how you feel, you know. and i impose on you to do me a favor, of course. what great. um, can you pick julia up after school? julia, my kid. maybe one day i will want to get married, but in the meantime, i love you. i'm not saying never. no, you're just saying you don't love me enough. now, let's just say you are overqualified for this group. i think i've got somewhere better suited for your town, the academy. sir, how do you feel about trash? [Music]. oh, i'm sorry. now that you remember exactly how you destroyed kyle's life, i could get on with making pay for it. how'd you get this job? someone recommended me. ah, friends in high places. huh? what's going to be full of oxy i need you in an opioid coma, but not, you know, dead. [Music], we're the top garbage crew in the city. strikes me as a little suspicious. no way, i'm going to the homecoming dance with you. you don't have to go, but if you don't, i am definitely going to tell my mom that you went down this day here with you. have fun like we did when we were kids. geez, we are totally relate. we're [ __ ] cousins. it's haunted. frank, how big is this house? nine bedrooms, including the master. but that's mostly just storage for my father's single malt scotch collection. shouldn't you be in school? got more important stuff to do. gotta find frank. he's like a cat. he'll be back. if i don't find him soon, you're gonna kick me out of school. this one looks really old. me. tammy and fred are moving to milwaukee. her family gave us an old house up there, and i'll still be around, you know, on weekends and, uh, holidays and stuff like that. mr gallagher, welcome to classic journeys. i gotta say, this is nothing like the rehab facility i was sent to back in the day. i love you, mickey milkovich, and if you let me, i'd like to spend the rest of my life christ save the [ __ ] speech a [ __ ]. i'll marry you. so, debbie and i are [ __ ] you're gay. i hate vaginas. i just wanted to piss you off. bank. i just want to make sure you're okay. maybe when i get back from puerto rico, we can grab a coffee. i spend the winters down there. most people are crazy. [ __ ] nuts. you wanna [ __ ]? [ __ ] yeah. i've been to every home in glencoe looking for you. does anyone else know i'm here? go by. this place is for her. we should call the number. check it out. kev ball's keg zone cake, girl, i rented that house my family. this neighborhood is my support system. i would love if you would help me make that house a home. we're having a wedding. wedding. just want you to know you marry a man, i'm gonna put a [ __ ] bullet in your head. don't say they didn't warn you. [ __ ] bunker. good bamboo lotus. what the wedding place. it's on fire. terry, what do you think? the same way we talked about that house before, you went and bought it without even asking? no, no, i didn't buy it though. i'm renting it, right? and we did. i mean, i asked and i said, no, what the hell do you want? uh, my mom kicked me out of the house, which is your fault. so here i am. oh, and, uh, mickey might have to marry debbie instead of ian. what? yeah, it's definitely not gay. pride day over there. where's they move it too? poker place, the the post doll. these two men in holy matrimony. ian, will you take this man to be your husband? i now pronounce you husband and husband. no, yes. now. monica fisher, will you marry me? i mean, i gotta find my ex and get a divorce. yes. fred and i are going. if you don't want to come with us, you don't have to. we haven't wrestled for deborah gallagher, no. [ __ ], what for? statutory rape of a minor. julia nicolo, you got another mask? absolutely. [Music], i think your dad might still be a little upset you 