[Music]. today i am going to recap the story of the lucky one. 2012 film. logan was serving in u.s marine and was present in iraq. he sees that one of his mate dies while helping the other. next day, he sees a girl's picture lying near the person who had died. he asks many people about the picture, but he finds no one who could claim that. then he realizes that this picture belonged to my same colleague, who died in war. logan belonged to an american city named colorado. he returns to his sister home, who was ill. he stays some days there and decides to move. then he decides to find out the girl whom picture he found in warfield. and he will tell her about his colleague's death. he sees a light house in the picture. when he deeply analyzes it, he reaches there and asks many persons about girl, but finds no clue. he also visits deputy sheriff, which is called the local police. he tells him that this girl was married to my friend first. then he gives him the address. logan goes to that girl named beth, though he was along her, but he was facing difficulty logan couldn't tell that why he is here. before he could speak, she assumes that he is here for the job. beth's grandmother hire him for job. in the beginning, beth feels awkward and doesn't like logan. but then she accepts him after his interest in the work. he knows well how to fix the machinery. logan mixes up with beth's son. they become friends with each other. beth was living alone since his brother's death. beth had no male friends. she became friends with a male guy after very long who was logon. beth's first husband, who was in police, feels suspicious about logan. he talks with logan in a very bad way, in very rude way. he also advises his son to stay away from logan and not to play violin near him. he asks him not to spend much time with him. one day, ben was playing outside, but when he returns, he was filled with blood. he becomes injured while playing. beth and her former husband had an argument. they argued too much that beth's former husband says that he would go to the court and i will take the full custody of my son. beth becomes much worried. after that, she becomes scared of losing her son. she starts living worriedly. after some time, beth's brother's death anniversary arrives. she becomes much worried. but logan comes near her and shows her sympathy and asks her not to worry. everything would be fine. logan and beth had developed a very positive relation and they were moving on. but her former husband asks her to stay away from him. you can't do this. but beth stands in front of him and says, i'm not afraid of you, and you are nobody to interfere in my decisions. beth's former husband investigates about logan and finds out that he was having beth's picture and was asking about her from the people. he was asking people whether they knew about beth. he tells her that logan was stalking at you. he is not the right person, and i will find out the reality. beth finds out the truth, that logan belonged to a marine and he found my picture near the man who died, who is her good friend. but here, beth's trust breaks up on logan. she becomes angry at him and keeps herself away from logan. she asks logan to leave. beth's friend explained her that logan had no fault in this, that logan survived, and your brother and friend passed away. they convinced her that logan is a good person. you must think about him, beth. beth was worried and angry too. beth's former husband was drunk. he sees logan, who was going with his dog. he aims his gun towards him. people across there become afraid and run away. logan takes his gun and hands it over to other officer. logan comes to the beth again and tells her that how her brother, drake passed away. she tells her every detail and says that he was a brave person. beth's former husband meets her and says, i'm ashamed and want to start the relation again. he explains her that we could be a husband wife again and can start the family. beth denies, but her former husband again warns her of taking his son from the court. logan also comes there. their son listen to them and run towards the treehouse nearby. they become panic and follow him. that why he ran towards treehouse. there was a bridge nearby, tree house way, which breaks up when he was up there. beth's son and her former husband fell in the river. they were saved until now, because former husband had tied himself and his son very tightly. logan helps them, saves her son and hands it over to beth. after that, he was going to save her former husband, that the treehouse breaks up and falls upon her former husband, who dies at the spot. her former husband floats with the river. they all come back to home. beth says thanks to logan, and says, if you were not present, my son may have lost logan also tells her that your brother passed away while saving his mate during the war. that is an honor. so you must be happy instead of being worried. after that, logan goes away. then beth runs towards him. she asks logan, that you belong to us, so you must stay with us. it would be difficult for me as well to live without you. in the next scene, we see beth, her son and logan were along with each other. they were celebrating 9th birthday of beth's son, and they were very happy. and here the explanation of the lucky one ends. thanks for watching, like, comment and subscribe. don't forget to hit the bell icon. 