welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka a friendly neighborhood spoiler man, aka Tony stank, cuz I've been indoors for about a week now. anyway, we have some brand new images that have just hit the web that leaked iron man's returned to the MCU. and it currently has the entire Marvel Universe in a spin. throughout this video, I'm gonna be breaking down the entire story, giving my thoughts on it and debunking a lot of rumors that are flying about at the moment. there will be heavy spoilers here in regards to several upcoming Marvel projects. so if you don't want anything rune, then this is your last chance to back out before you have to use the time stone. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you're excited to see Robert Downey jr. return. without the way, thank you for clicking this. let's get into our breakdown of iron man's return to the MCU. ok. so a benders endgame had a very fitting exit for Tony Stark on a number of levels. not only did he save the universe. he also sacrificed himself in a way that showed the complete character journey that had been on throughout the entirety of the Infinity Saga. Tony Stark initially started off as a self-centered billionaire, but over the past decade plus run of movies, he became a true hero that was willing to give it all up so that others could live. it really was an incredible exit for the character. but since then, there's been numerous reports that he's in talks with marvel over a potential return. these rumors have gone from saying that he'll be appearing in Doctor Strange in the multiverse of madness, to stating that he will be the voice of the AI in the rumored iron hot series. Downey himself came out and set on the Joe Rogan podcast that it would take a very unique set of circumstances in order for him to return. but it looks like these are indeed in place. as of this morning, images of leaked to the Internet that show up behind-the-scenes look at what will be happening with the character going forward. I can't post these here because Disney, like the DMCA videos faster than Tanner snapped his fingers. however, I posted them on my Facebook page, which is linked in the pin comment. so just scroll down, click the link to that, and you should be able to see the first look at Iron Man's return and a couple of other cool pig bits that we'll be discussing in the video. we posted leaked images on there all of the time, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, definitely make sure you join the group. anyway, this concept art comes from an upcoming what-if episode that will see Ironman traveling to Sekar and becoming one of the Grand Master's champions. in the images, you can see that Ironman has upgraded his armor to an almost gladiator like level, and it's equipped with shields and a new type of weaponry. now we did have a tease about this a couple of months ago from Jeff Goldblum, who let's slip that the actor would be returning in an episode featuring his character the Grandmaster. when answering fan questions for BuzzFeed, the actor was posed with the question as to whether the Grandmaster would be returning in the upcoming movie Thal up in Thunder, though he didn't stay whether he would be making a return for this. he did mention that he would be reprising the role in an upcoming project. here's the clip directly from the interview itself, so you can see all that he says, then we'll break down the comments and discuss how things are going ahead in the release. hey, we're, we're talking about it. in fact, you know, I I hope so. I love Tiger ytg is a great director and a friend of mine, so I hope so. but I played the part again a couple of days ago. I went to the Disney Studios and I recorded the grandmasters voice for an episode of a show that's gonna be on Disney Plus called what-if, where it's an animated version of all the characters we know and love from Marvel. and this episode included the Grand Master and Iron Man. so Robert Downey will do a voice in that, and Korg Taika Waititi will do, had already recorded his voice for that. so, yeah, i enjoyed, for a couple hours, i enjoyed doing that again. so the grand master is as well. so you heard it right out of the horse's mouth that Robert Downey jr. will be reprising the role. however, with these new leaks comes a lot of new information. according to insiders, the episode will pick up in the wake of the Avengers, right after Iron Man has flown the nuke up into space. in the timeline, we saw Tony return to earth whilst the portal was collapsing. however, in this new vision, he doesn't make it. Tony then drifts off into space, and eventually he winds up once a car, where he scooped up by the Grand Master and placed into the contest of ian's now those are all the leaks on the episode that we were able to get, but it is always good to hear that call will be returning to you, which jeff goldblum seems to cement. Tony will have to fight tooth and nail as similar to how the health did. and it's possible that it could end up going toe-to-toe with the angry Green Giant. and the climax of the episode, which air, I'd absolutely love to see another hot Busta fight, because that's one of my favorite action scenes in the entire MCU, punch his face and punch his face in. now that all other room is floating about that we mentioned earlier that stay, the actor will be returning is the voice of the AI in Hein hardsuit. you probably have seen he's posted about and they're really starting to pick up steam. I do believe that these are fake, as the time that they were posted, Hollywood was in complete lockdown, and the only source that has picked up on them is we got this covered. it tends to report things without any factual basis. and as no other trades have picked this up, especially when it's a slow news yeah, I can see being truthful down you recently reiterated that it would only be under some incredible circumstances that he would return. and these interviews are more recent than the ones which were recorded by Goldblum back in November. therefore, I think it's very unlikely. with everything in lockdown, I know a lot of youtubers are just jumping on these stories every day, but they rarely provide images or links to their sources. so you should always take them with a pinch of salt. I do you believe that these current leaks are true? as they line up with what Goldblum has stated, and it also fits the narrative in design they make a lot of sense. and if Sekar is where the character ends up, then having this happen during one of the only instances where is in space does seem to sell what will likely happen. we can't guarantee these leaks until we see the show for ourselves, but based upon what we know thus far, they do make a lot of sense. now before we get into the rest of the video, which is gonna cover the other images that were leaked, I just want to let you know we're giving away a free copy of the Star Wars Skywalker saga box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in when the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the leaks in the comment section below that when it's going to be chosen at random on the 15th of April, and the set will be shipped out from the into ever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. now, if you checked out the other post on the Facebook group, and you may have noticed that there are the images on there that shows CERN elements from a number of what hip episodes. the second image shows a much older Doctor, Strange, who has been resigned to a walking stick. according to the leaks, he is actually taken up the mantle of the ancient one and is now guarding the sanctum sanctorum, long after the events of Avengers endgame. in addition to this, you can also see an image of Steve Rogers flying an Iron Man esque suit in World War 2. and this is from the Peggy Carter episode, which tells the story of what would have happened had she taken the Super Soldier Serum instead of him. so they are definitely trying to bring Iron Man back to the MCU in several ways, from not only costume nerds, but also with the character himself. if you read the graphic novel Planet Hulk, then you'll know that there are a ton of things that can happen on Sircar. and I definitely want to see what Iron Man can do on the planet. Sekar is a world that is far advanced beyond ours, and with this additional technology, it's gonna be really interesting to see what modifications the character can cook up and add to his armor. I also think that Robert Downey jr. and Jeff Goldblum are an incredible combination. and I can't wait to see them riffing back and forth on one another. Disney are driving a lot of people towards Disney Plus right now, and it's a big focus for the company. and makes sense to get this level of cameos and voice actors onboard. and from the lineup that we already know, I think that Marvel fans are in for a real treat when it comes to it. overall, I'm hyped to see the new episodes release on the platform. I think it's the best possible way to bring him back. it doesn't null and void his sacrifice from the finale of endgame, and it also takes the character into a direction that we haven't really seen before in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. now, whether the actor returns beyond this, we don't know yet. but personally, I do kind of hope that they keep him but specialized projects like this. instead of pulling them out for an in the flash cameo, I think it kind of ruins the send-off that we got, and it's unneeded when they stuck the landing so well within game. that's just my personal opinion on it. but I do get why other people just want more and more of a good thing. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on these leaks. and if you're excited for the show's going forward, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out a breakdown of some of the insane details that you miss in avengers endgame. I guarantee there's a lot in there that peep haven't picked up a pond. so it's definitely worth checking out. after this, you want to support the channel, Romans let this ninety-nine cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. and there's a thank you. you get access to content early. if you want to come chat us after the show, either follow a set definition whitey, or click the discord link in the description below. that was the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time, take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 