welcome to the man of recaps. this is the mandalorian, episode 8, the season 1 finale. last episode, some storm troopers grabbed baby Yoda, and we begin with them. as I waiting out of town for clearance, they break into a stormtrooper sketch comedy routine. it's actually hilarious. eventually, though, who comes up but the robot IG 11. he's been reprogrammed now from a bounty hunting droid to a nurse droid, here to protect baby Oda, but he could still kick but it takes these stormtroopers out. now, back in town, mando and the gang are pinned down by this new bad guy, Moff Gideon. and this guy also has a hilarious way of talking. I would prefer to avoid any further violence and encourage a moment of consideration, he gives them the chance to surrender and calls them all out by name. we know Carl Weathers is grief carga, and the girl's name is Kara dune. and he casually drops the Mandalorians name its den jar. in den Jaron reveals his full backstory to his friends. now we get confirmation that he's not a Mandalorian from the planet Mandalore. Mandalorian is in a race. it's a cream and we finally see his full kid flashback without interruption by smelting hammers. and it's basically what we've assumed, that the Empire destroyed his planet. and right before he was killed by a droid, oh, he was saved by some Mandalorians. they took him in as a foundling and raised him as one of their own. just then, man who gets a call from IG 11, riding in on the speeder with a baby Yoda, baby bjorn. and he's busting in, boom, taking all these stormtroopers out, causing quite a commotion. he busts into the town square, and that's a good as a distraction as you're gonna get. boom and OH, kicking his way out there, it's a sweet ol fight scene. pew, pew all around. mando grabs the big gun that Moff gideon talked up so much, and hubble starts blasting everyone. Moff gideon, though, is a badass. he walks right up to mando and shoots him down. then, boom, blows up the generator. ouch. our gang all has to retreat back inside where they were trapped. joy starts cutting through the sewer grate so they can escape. but man knows in pretty bad shape. he's like, believe me, I can't make it. carries like, yo, I can bandage you. we just gotta take your helmet off. but he's like, no, this is the way. no one can see me without my helmet. then they bring out a flamethrower or a stormtrooper. Oh, Berner, I'm out of there. but baby Hilda gets up and puts his hands out, boom, blocks the fire, throws it back. I think I oh, he's so strong and so cute. when he plops down, gang escapes, but the droid stays behind a hill. man, no, it's like, don't you take my helmet off. no living thing without my helmet. since I swore crea, I am NOT a living thing. oh, snap, it's actually happening. hey, Pedro Pascal face. now that he's a nurse droid, he's got medic stuff, and sprays him with some magic star wars healing dust. he's gonna be okay. they're down in the sewers looking for the rest of mandos, Mandalorian buddies. but, oh no, what? they're all dead. but the girl, blacksmith, Mandalorian survived. she explains that, yeah, after they revealed themselves this stormtroopers came and killed them all. mando fills her in on everything with baby Yoda, and she gives him his season 2 mission. by the laws of the tribe, baby Yoda counts as a foundling and is now officially mandos responsibility to take care of. wait a minute. does this mean, man, who's gonna train baby Yoda as a Mandalorian warrior? as much as I would love to see that, she's like, no, I don't think he's right for it. his job is to protect it and take it back to its own kind. she had some sweet upgrades for him. he gets a mud horn signet, symbolizing that he and baby Yoda are their own clan of two, and it's time he has earned his own jetpack. oh yeah. she's not coming with him. her place is here. she stays behind and fights off some stormtroopers. yeah, she's gonna be fine. the gang has to escape down the river of lava. there's a little r2d2 droid in charge of driving it. but who wait, what's this? oh, he's got arms and legs. oh yeah. he's like a Venetian poll boater r2d2. they're getting to the end, but mando uses his heat sensor thing to see how they're surrounded by stormtroopers. there's no way they can take all of them in an ambush like that, except the droids got an idea. I'll call back to episode 1. he's gonna go self-destruct. man knows, legitimately sad. he's always hated droids, but this one's proved to him that he's good. but roids like yo, there's no way around it. so he walks off into the lava Terminator 2 style, gets out in front of all the stormtroopers and, OH, boom. self-destruct. but there's more danger, a TIE fighter flying in its gideon, their weapons can't do anything against a TIE fighter. Carl Weathers thinks maybe baby Yoda can help. come on, baby, do the magic hand thing. so their only chance of survival is mandos new jet baby. Oh, Bamian grappling hook. he's flying around on the TIE fighter. he gets a sticky grenade, boom, planted on the wing and, boom, yeah, take out a TIE fighter single-handedly. it's super sweet. grief cargos like well with the Imperials gone, I'm going back to the city and restarting the bounty hunting guild. kara dunes like, yeah, I could be a bounty hunter Aurra with and so once again, it's the Mandalorian and baby Yoda adventuring through space, trying to reunite him with his own species, if there are any. but the wreckage of the TIE fighter. Oh, what's this cut in its way out? is that a black light saber sword? yes, moth Gideon survived, and he has the dark saber. apparently it played a pretty big role in the Clone Wars animated series. and I won't deep dive into Star Wars lore, but I could tell you that's a really sweet sword. and that's how the Mandalorian season 1 comes to an end. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out. [Music]. 