so I'm sure by now we all realize these adaptations barely have anything to do with the game. they're just using it for the nostalgia purposes, to the point that they even show you the arcade game constantly in the background of the movie. but we all know the rock-solid appeal to this movie is your boy Dwayne, the rock Johnson, who never changes clothes between sets. by the way. I'm not saying it reinvents the blockbuster, but I kind of loved the rampaging parts of rampage. I almost gave it a jr. price for how theater worthy I thought that third act was. but then had a settle for a rent it because of that ending. let me explain. so there's this check up in space who's been testing these serums on a rat, and it causes the rat to go all freaking Master Splinter on steroids to the point that the entire spaceship explodes and the remaining serums fall onto earth. yeah, the shuttle disintegrates, but these potions were just fine. that's where the rock comes in with his buddy George, who we rescued from Africa as his mom with getting turned into ashtrays by poachers. I know some people claim that George has been whitewashed from the game since he's an albino Nell, but I kind of like these two. like finally the Rock has someone his own size that he can mess with. until George touches that serum thing that freakin turns him into King Kong. now, this thing is like a mixture of the limitless pill that expands its mind. it's like the annihilation effect where it refract with other beings. and sammy sosa steroids since he gets whiter. there's also a freakin she-wolf thing that got the serum, and it becomes feisty er than Shakira. the thing has wings like a bat and just scoops up people like a scene from predator. even Joe Magne. Magne, Joe Maggiano's who I think is one of the most ba dudes out there, practically the Punishers father, in my opinion, kids swallowed up like a gusher. now, Jessie and James over here, the sibling duo responsible for this and stay, are the ones who set up the experiments because of their company. and they decided to take it back to those 2012 movies where they always rely on that third act our sequence, in order to attract these monsters with so nars. obviously, the government gets involved, and that's where negan, not Jeffrey Dean, Morgan, frickin lean. and negan gets involved. but since he's not dealing with Rick, but the rock, his batting ratio is way lower in this one, but he's still on that act again. now, like I said, I like the action in this movie, but Joe could try a little bit for us. I mean, the rock complains about being handcuffed, right? and then randomly, just Man of Steel's himself out of it. Joe magneto was only given like, one up, but the Rockets shot in the liver, and then comes back the next scene stronger than ever. it's like just a little bit of effort, right? even that final sequence in Chicago, which I love, right? because I'm from here, seeing the mess-up Wacker Drive to the point that Lollapalooza got to get cancelled, that was insane. but sometimes they do a little too much when they drive the action from a 911 as they drop down the Sears Tower all the way to the floor. I mean, don't get me wrong, I flipped out when I saw that alligator monster thing appeared, because I hadn't seen any of the trailers, so this thing was new to me. when I see it appear out of the Chicago River, and I was like, I y'all are dead. it's over. I even sent out these bomber Jets, which are always over Soldier Field for the Bears game, so I don't know what took them so long to get there. but of course, you know that a wounded Rock and his buddy George are going to save the day. and then George dies. at this point, this is where I wanted to give the movie a jr. price, because it had the guts to end it like that, right? it was like, first mightyjoyoung, then caesar, and now are aiive? oh, he's alive. and then he flicks us off. i judge you should have died too. thanks guys for checking out this video. as always, I'm curious to know your thoughts down below. look, I'm okay with a movie being dumb, fun, and I enjoy it. but I do think that when they had the action down pat right? like you could actually see what was going on in the action sequences, regardless of it being full of CGI. but at a certain point you'll have seven writers, get an eighth one, I guess, because you can still add a little bit more to the story with this one. but I still recommend it. it's a solid run to jr. price if you really do want to go see it, because I do think that third act is worth it. but I'm curious to know your thoughts and any other movies want me to cover. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you over a mutated Rhett 