[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. I am mother has just dropped on Netflix, and the post-apocalyptic sci-fi drama has a lot too impact from it. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the movie, as well as answering the big questions that you may have about the film and its ending. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you don't want to know anything about the movie, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. I hope you enjoy it. now sit back, relax, and let's get into my breakdown of I am mother. I am mother picks up in the aftermath of an extinction-level war between the human race that is seemingly wiped out of the population. a irobot mother has been tasked with saving the species. and from a facility, she begins raising an embryo to an adult. from the off, it's clear that mother has a prime drive to enforce the human races survival. and early on, she teaches the girl simply named daughter, to realize that the needs of the many far outweigh the needs of the few. whilst it initially seems like daughter is the first of her kind to be raised by mother, this comes into question upon the arrival of a character named woman, played by Hilary Swank. woman was apparently orphaned as a baby and found and raised by other humans, though her origins are unknown to her. throughout the film, we discover that woman was actually the first child to be raised by mother. and this explains why she was able to survive in the outside world, whilst others died. mother has been secretly watching over her and cast her out, intentionally to allow her to be raised by humans. I'll get into this later. it sort of explains the arc that daughter goes on throughout the film. though it's tease that daughter may in fact be a clone of woman. we learned that they are both clones from the same strain of DNA, and that daughter is actually mother's third attempt at raising a superhuman. this is why daughter finds missing embryos and a jawbone in the incinerator, as this was the second clone that was unfortunately killed after she failed mother in some way, turns out that mother is an all she's cracked up to be either, and is actually a pretty bad computer program that caused the apocalypse. mother is every robot on the planet, and she's pretty much Skynet without the time travel abilities. we learned that mother was created to save the human race. however, after realizing that were all pretty much idiots that will inevitably destroy ourselves and the planet, she decided to thanasis all out of existence. the reason that she stalked so many embryos is because mother planned to raise a new group of humans with better ethics, which is why the AI spent so much time teaching daughter about morality and self-sacrifice. turns out she was kind of right to, as woman confirms that humans are still fighting one another on the surface. this is why she attempted to flee from the rest of the human race and why she now lives alone with a dog. however, the film isn't all doom and gloom. and mother realizes that her child-rearing has been third time lucky, and that daughter is one of the good ones. this is why she finally allows her to have a brother, as she feels like the teen is fit to pass on everything that she's learned throughout the course of her life. this comes as a huge emotional moment at the movies midpoint, and they all lived happily ever after. wait, turns out not everything will be coming up roses. and woman, wracked with paranoia, inspires daughter to question the narrative that she's been told. this leads daughter to discover the truth behind a px0 - and everything else. with the help of woman door, decides to escape the compound with a new baby brother. though she failed to get her brother, the escape attempt works. but like the little mermaid, daughter learns that the surface isn't such a good place after all. and after realizing that woman was lying to her just as much as mother was, she decides to return to the compound. there's some amazing tension throughout the finale, and after bargaining with mother, daughter decides to make peace and stay in the facility to raise her brother. mother agrees to this and decides to leave her alone to raise her new sibling. whilst it works out for her, there's one more final twist. and through a droid, mother leaves the facility in order to hunt down and kill woman, this is because woman has served her purpose now and is no longer needed. in the final few shots of the film, we see mother and her woman's container home and close the door behind her, which shows that she will now enter life. to me, this is because mother orchestrated the entire event so that mother could show the order that humans were untrustworthy, which is what she deems as woman's purpose. she purposely allowed woman to be let out into the world so that she could be raised by humans and then come back as a shining example to show just how bad this species is. now that this goal has been completed and daughter has learned a valuable lesson, woman no longer has a reason to live and this mother exterminator. in addition to this, she probably realizes the danger that she poses within knowledge of the compound, and thus can't allow her to live in case the new humans become compromised. it all works out in the end, I guess. and we close out with daughter raising a family with the new moral compass and ethics that will allow a better version of the human race that exists on the newly revitalized planet. it's a rather positive ending that shows that humans have the potential to do good if influenced correctly. it's a pretty powerful message. in overall, whilst I felt the film was probably more in line with, say, a black mirror episode, rather than a big-budget Hollywood movie, I still really enjoyed it. this kind of film is perfect for the Netflix platform, and obviously more people will watch this now. and it definitely deserves to be seen. all of the actors in the film deliver excellent performances, and this is a really strong female led piece to get behind that doesn't feel like it's pandering or being over the top with its message. often in movies, when they have an old and young version of a character, it's very jarring, as you can tell that they aren't really the same person. and thus it can take you out a bit. however, I never felt like this with our mother. and both Clara rugaard and Hilary Swank both feel like they're giving the same performance. that feels like a continuation of the clone this Shang's even when they're on the screen together. and it's a really difficult thing to pull off that this movie does effortlessly. in addition to this, Rose Byrne does a stellar job as mother, and she delivers the sterile lines with a touch of warmth. that also doesn't remove this from feeling like a robotic performance in a good way. overall, I really enjoyed our mother, and it definitely is the one to watch this weekend, especially with Dark Phoenix being such a disappointment. I am. mother is gripping from start to finish, and it has a brilliant lesson at the end. so overall, it gets an A point five out of ten. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the movie and what you took from it. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of all the episodes from Season five of black mirror, which would be linked at the end. we cover all three episodes, and I feel like that some of my best videos that I've ever made. so make sure you check them out after this. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music], 