before I begin, let me start by saying, if you are a young woman and you meet a sweet, pretty man on tinder who seems perfectly sane, but it's 30-some years old, still living with his mama, run yourself tough, growing up out of there like a force. men of the Apocalypse are on your ex-girl. the stars of our movie today, ah, IFS Norman Bates. and if you learn who Norman Bates is by watching this TV show, you just beyond hope. Jamie Lee Curtis - Tony Curtis, and ten minutes is the maximum amount of time your daughter should appear and your major motion picture. Francis Ford Coppola play. our story begins with what is now considered to be a rare subset of the human race, sexy people. they are so rare today we may only see them in vintage footage such as this. as we observe them, we may notice they are boning in their natural habitat a cheap motel. what for real though? this is a woman named Mary, and meeting with her broke, divorced lover in a hotel room in Arizona, where we find out that he's still paying alimony to his ex-wife on the other side of the planet, back in the day when you couldn't just hit it and quit it. if you hit it and quit it, you had to pay for it your whole damn life. and they talk about a bunch of nasty stuff, like wanting to get jiggy with it whenever they won't, and how he wants her to lick the stamps when he sends the alimony checks. thing got PayPal yet - his ex-wife licked the stamps. oh, and the nastiest thing of all, boiling a steak. after she wastes her lunch break munching on her lover's meat, she goes back to work where, hey, I see you, creeping Alfred. anyways, she gets back to work, where a man comes in with her boss, who was buying a house for his daughter. and he's like, it's harder fresh milk out there. see, this was back when people knew milk came from teat of a mammal, instead of believing it magically materialized in the Walmart cooler. and he looks at Marian and is like, old boy, I sure AM creepy and invasive. I'm buying this house with my daughter, cuz I'm a good day. want me to be your daddy? and he flings around $40,000 in cash, like, you wanna touch it? I think the money is symbolic of his old flaccid penis. forty thousand dollars in nineteen sixty would be like three hundred thousand dollars today, which is more money than y'all are ever gonna make online playing Minecraft. okay? and she just smiles and tries not to bother, until the old part goes into our bosses office, and her boss tells her to take the money straight to the bank. so Alfred's daughter says, he was flirting with you. I guess he must have noticed my wedding ring now. I think you must have noticed gervase lets Hitchcock's subtle way of saying, the blonde is hot, and my doubt is fugly. and Marian is like, what the hell am i doing? I'm about to take $40,000 to the bank where my lover won't marry me because he's in debt. not to mention, I'm living in the 1960s. this is one of the only time periods when you can actually get away with stealing $40,000 in cash. damn. if so, it's great to live in the 1960s. so she's on her way out of town when we make our first stop on the stressful as hell Express. and her boss sees are out and about, but he thought she went home with a headache. floret girl, until you're just so tired that you have to pull over and sleep on the side of the road. no, this ain't the way a bit want to be woke up when she just stow that dough, and this cop is like, hello, milf. I'm officer, in your face, and I'm gonna sit here and ask you a bunch of questions for the next five minutes so the audience can forget that you're the bad guy. damn knows it, Popo trying to do a job. after she loses the cops, he's like, well, I ain't doing that again. time to trade cars. and then the damn cop shows up again and starts watching up. so she gets another car and gets out of there. and the quickness and she translating to the knight again, until it's us pouring down rain, and she has to pull over onto a side road and into something very familiar to her. another cheap motel. it's called the Bates Motel. and she meets this adorable son named Norman. look at him. cute, ain't it? while he's choosing her room number, he's like, to be oh, not to peak. pink and adorable nomen office, to take it to the house for a little nibble. while she's getting settled into the room next to the office, she wraps the money up in a newspaper. Oh, forgive my in consideration. you see, a newspaper was a paper with news full of wordy words that you could read, so your peanut brains could learn a learn back when information was longer than a hundred and forty characters. but she overhears Norman's mother screaming in the house, and Newman's mother is like, I'll not have no tramps getting into my son's undies while I'm around. yesterday bed boy. and no one's like, shut up your bit. you know, the police. so he brings dinner down to Marion, and they start talking about their lives, and no one's like, I hate my mom. oh, she's Loco. and Marion's like, puttin on that house. but no one's like, why would you say that? did I say, she's crazy. and Mary is like, yeah, but no. man is like, I can't do that to her. a boy's best friend is his mama. and he's right, ain't I right, mama? so Marion is like, you know, talking to you has made me feel like my life is normal. so I'm gonna head back home tomorrow and try to patch things up, right? so she goes back to a room, and Anthony peakins start speaking on Anthony perky titties. and Norman seems fed up about living under the surveillance of the police, and he comes out and looks at the house, like, I'm coming bit. but then he's like, no, better not. I forgot my mama. who gonna patch the holes in my tighty-whities? and suppose I kill her? I never big hole in my drawers. and like most of you children today, Marion cannot do simple subtraction in her head, so she subtracts how much money she spent from the $40,000 trying to get away. but she rips it up. and then Alfred Hitchcock shows us something never seen in a movie until 1960. blood and girl, not Anthony peakins being a creeper, but a flushing commode. this movie is disgusting and gross. so Marion takes a shower, and Norman's mother sneaks in on her and she stabbed her to death. and don't expect a [ __ ] joke here, because stab is ain't funny, sickos. and no one sees blood on his mama. and he's like, damn it, mama again. and like any good son, Norman does his child. don't be shocked, but gypsies, another lesson to be learned here, children. he goes like this, if your mama is crave and know like your BAE, then get your BAE the [ __ ] away. okay. so no, man, oh my god, no, not the money, but this bit, don't listen to song. and he puts Marian's body and the money in the trunk of Marion's car. and it is at this moment that you realize Alfred Hitchcock has exposed the worst side of you, because you're no longer hope. and Marion gets away with the $40,000, which was tough to begin with. but now you're legitimately hoping that this adorable accomplice to murder is able to sink this and car in a swamp, and you most upset about the money. okay, I'm most upset about the money. today's equivalent of $300,000 swimming with the damn toads. you're sick. Alfred. the next day, Marion's sister goes to see Marion's steak boil and stamp lick and boyfriend to see where Marion is. and then this guy comes in and he's like, hi, I'm detective in your face. no relation to officer in your face. and they all like, so here's what we know about Marion's whereabouts, nothing. and the detective leaves, and it's like, well, I'm glad we had this little chat. I'll get back to you when I know something. so detective in your face searches the area until he finds Norman, who sucks at playing it cool. and he's like, no, she wasn't here. oh, yes, it was. so, in your face, get out my face. and the detective sees Norman's mother in the window, but Norman says she isn't able to come down and talk. she's confined to the house until she wants to kill a bit. so the detective drives to a phone. there's unlocked by a quarter instead of you fingerprint, Oh, or selfie, or a drop of your blood that contains your DNA. and it calls Marian sisters like, yo, I found something. and he goes back and sneaks into that creepy old house to snoop around up and now. and mrs. Bates is like, oh, you trying to get into my fund undies - so after days of not hearing from detective, in your face, Marian's sister and Stig boiler go to find out what's going on. and one of the Stig boiler searches the cabins and scraps with Norman. Marian's sister looks around the house, meanwhile, no one who looks like he could be scared into a heart attack. my mouse fart overpowers and knocks out the big, buff boyfriend. so as it turns out, mrs. Bates didn't care about Norman Sundays at all, because she is in dead, deceased, finito, mummified, King Tut frontin. at that moment, Norman pops out with his mama's way long apparently, years ago, his mama got a boyfriend. Norman got jealous, poison their food and took on his mom's personality while preserving her corpse. so every time we saw Norman's mama killing somebody or walking around, up and now it was really Norman in granite drag. all this time. he was really looking out for his own undies while wearing his mama's I know your peanut brains are confused. let me give it to y'all in a way you will understand. so this is a story all about how a crazy guy named Norman poisoned his mama's child, so he preserved his mom's corpse and put on the clothes to wear and murder girls of people, supporting his mama's hair the end. hey chips, question of the day, if Naaman had a butler, what would his Butler call him? masturbates. be sure to like, share, subscribe for your regular fix of meth. you can expect me to upload videos every time I damn well please. for movies, explain fall. I'm Jeb heard ah. now get the hell up out of my face. buy her back again. lonely, heyday, right mama. 